user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198036230611,Recommended,258520,15077457,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Galberin,"Entertaining modern adventure game focused on investigation. Rating: 8.5/10.+ Visually stunning. One of the most realistic environments I've seen so far.+ Great soundtrack that ties in quite well with the environment. Music gets gloomy when walking in dark parts of the wood, become more optimistic and light when entering a clearing, etc. The transitions are quite well done as well (i.e. it doesn't just jump from gloomy to cheerful).+ Interesting storyline and puzzles. The puzzle-difficulty is suitable for the average gamer. Game mechanics such as your psychic powers, were a nice touch as well.+/- Playthrough is about 6 hours (plus or minus one or two hours depending on whether you take the time to walk around and just enjoy the scenery). Relatively short, but it didn't feel too short.My main problem with the [old version of the] game was the lack of a player-controlled saving option [EDIT: apparently, this issue is fixed in the Redux Version]. This made me feel rushed; trying to run through the story to reach the next save-point, rather than enticing you to explore and just enjoy the game. Well done for fixing this!"
76561198025132727,Recommended,258520,13171266,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Korriban,"Maybe for a 5 hours long game you won't be willing to pay 19€, but for 10€ it's worth every cent, even though it's among the shortest games I've played.If I have to categorize this game I'd say this is a lovecraftian game, it's a detective story with paranormal and horror features all perfectly encased in the most beautiful and realistic environment ever seen in a videogame, not to mention the absolutely perfect music that will give you goose bumps.***GAMEPLAY 8/10: Investigative, slow paced. You won't be running around guns blazing in this game, you have to look for hints or you'll be missing something for sure. You can complete everything or nothing in any order. You won't see any kind of log book, map or quest marker. I really liked it, but unfortunately the game is a bit too short to enjoy the investigative experience. Another great thing about the gameplay is that you will never experience any interruption because the game needs to load areas, you start from the beginning and reach the end in one single walk. This is probably the reason why this game is so short, a longer and a bigger game environment might have required a loading screen or two.***STORY 8/10: That's all this game is about, story. As you are told at the beginning of the game ""This game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand"". Step by step you'll discover the truth about the mysterious events that happened in Red Creek Valley until you reach the end where the ultimate truth will be revealed. I can't tell anything without spoiling something, so I'll just say it's really enjoyable.***GRAPHICS 10/10: I have never, NEVER, seen such beautiful environment. I grew up near the Alps and I can see that exact scenery in this game; rocks, trees, bushes, and even the undergrowth look absolutely real. The textures are high quality photos of actual, real life environment. I suggest you read this to learn more about this spectacular creation.http://www.theastronauts.com/2014/03/visual-revolution-vanishing-ethan-carter/***SOUND 9/10: Beautiful music completes the game, it goes hand in hand with the environment. I could stay hours looking at the landscape listening to the music... and maybe i did.Overall score 9/10Grab it when it's around 10€, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,258520,12265751,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Midhras,"The older I get, the more I like my games short and sweet. And this game is ever so sweet. Do yourself a favour: read or watch nothing more than you already have, but just dive in and allow the world and story to enchant you. Take your time with it. Short as it is, this is not a game to be rushed through. A second look and thought pay huge dividend.I took some high resolution shots while exploring Red Creek Valley (~20MP and up). No spoilers, but if you haven't seen anything yet, don't look at them and just play it.http://flic.kr/s/aHsk4eTkcu"
,Recommended,258520,32798242,Posted: 25 June,all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"7.9/10 - A Cut Above Most Exploration/Narrative Games. Challenging but Rewarding.I've only played the 'Redux' hense why my gametime is so off. You can't leave any feedback yet. The Redux version is pretty fun and polished though; beautiful graphics, good voice acting and a setting that allows you to fully immese yourself into the story.The story follows Detective Prospero, a man on a mission. You are trying to figure out just what happened to a boy named Ethan Carter. Is there a logical explanation to it all or is there something more sinister at work? Only the valley knows the truth.Overall, the game-play was really fun for an exploration/narrative game. There was a really compelling story and lots of elements that help paint the picture without struggling too much. Although the details and story are pretty top notch I still found myself back-tracking and wondering what to do next.I wouldn't mind an option for a more fluid game-play where you can be occasionally assisted with what you need to accomplish or where you need to go. This game has a difficult learning curve if you just jump into it. I had to check a video and read a guide as supplement.Tips* - Examine all clues until a single line of text remains.- Find 4-6 elements in each of the (10) zones.- Don't progress until you have triggered the zone movie that depicts what went down.Accidently ReviewedHundreds of Reviews, Thousands of Members and FREE games for you! No Strings attached. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!  [Comeback Tour 2017 - 6]Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561198035054806,Recommended,258520,14459438,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,sara_bear,"There are good Lovecraft games and bad versions. This is nearly a perfect ""H.P. Lovecraft is my hero"" game.From the pretty graphics, the sounds, the voices, the story, the clues, even the way the game feels.. perfect.If you enjoy slow subtle horror, get this. It plays just like you are walking around within a Lovecraft story. Good stuff!"
,Recommended,258520,21239249,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:The Vanishing of Ethan CarterOriginal Release:2014Genre Tags:Exploration; Walking-Simulator; Detective; Great Graphics; AtmosphericMy Overall Grade:A-Estimated Playtime (Campaign):3-8 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Aesthetes; Strong narrative advocates; Game atmosphere connoisseurs; Casual gamersREVIEWThe Vanishing of Ethan Carteris an interesting and highly atmospheric game that boasts a mixture of exploration and detective game elements. The detective scenes are well done and never become overly confusing, but they make up less than half of the gameplay. A majority of the gameplay involves walking around, (and probably getting lost), searching for the next scene. This isn’t a bad thing, though, as the ambiance and graphics are absolutely stellar; and the gameworld is a joy to explore. That said, if you aren’t really a fan of slow-paced games without action, colloquially dubbed: “walking-simulators,” then you may find this boring. But if you can appreciate its beauty and take solace in the fact it isn’t a pure walking-simulator and has a number of puzzle-solving scenes, you will probably enjoyThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter.Without a doubt, the best feature of this game is the gorgeous gameworld and atmosphere. But it is more than just beautiful graphics that create this exceptional experience. The soundscape and overall ambiance are also leading contributors. Shortly after first beginning to play this game I found myself crossing a long railway bridge over a lake and I was immediately sucked in by the aesthetics. But I quickly realized that I was captivated by more than the visual view, and that the creaking and groaning effects of the bridge were reinforcing the immersive experience at an exceptional level. This aesthetic and atmospheric experience is established early and maintains its integrity throughout the game.The actual narrative is interesting and mysterious. The onus is on the player to piece together the narrative and make sense of it. Depending on how much you bother to read and listen, the story becomes more clear or convoluted. I enjoyed the experience; however I do feel like some of the elements of the storyline could have been more fleshed out and explained more clearly.The gameplay is comprised of mostly exploration, but also has a strong aspect of puzzle-solving elements. As you wander the gameworld you will come across several mysteries, in the form of both murder scenes and supernatural enigmas, which need to be solved through detective work. The mechanics of the puzzle-solving involve discovering the necessary clues in the gameworld and performing the necessary deductions.There isn’t any action whatsoever throughout the whole game, save for one small area where you may get a jump-scare and sent back to a checkpoint. But even that area is extremely easy to navigate and never really amounts to much action. This is a good thing, as forcing combat or action into the game would have probably only ruined the atmosphere.One gripe with the game that I have, and also many others have, is that there is no manual saving. I have said it a number of times in my reviews before and I will continue to say it: there is no reason for a PC game in the current generation and beyond to not allow manual saving. I don’t care what kind of game it is, I personally believe people should be able to choose if they want to use manual saves or not. And besides, inThe Vanishing of Ethan Carterthere is no combat and there are no decision trees, so “save-scumming” (as it is so eloquently called) isn’t even a factor here. Compounding the issue, the checkpoint system isn’t very well-crafted and the distance between checkpoints can be ridiculously far. You need to solve a puzzle or discover the next area in order to prompt the game to save, so if you are stuck and want to stop playing, you will either have to check a guide to finish your current objective or accept the fact you will have to start over when you return. And of course, there is also a possibility of a power outage or system crash. Fortunately, this issue was somewhat alleviated in theReduxversion of the game by significantly increasing the frequency of checkpoints. Yet I still find the lack of manual saving to be a serious fault.As for theReduxversion, if your computer can handle it, you should probably play that version. You get both versions together with the purchase of the game. Besides having higher quality graphics from UE4, there are also some subtle changes and improvements (like the aforementioned increase in checkpoints). I personally opted to play the original version, because I’m weird like that, but I will probably come back and play theReduxversion in a few years when the story has faded from my memory.The Vanishing of Ethan Carteris definitely a very enjoyable experience, if not a peaceful one. You won’t find any action, but you can find mystery and intrigue. And the atmosphere and aesthetic beauty of the game are superb. It felt, to me, like some beautiful lovechild ofDear EstherandMURDERED: SOUL SUSPECT. If you like relaxing and investigative games, or are curious about them,The Vanishing of Ethan Carteris absolutely a good one to consider.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,258520,12591171,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Stuggernaut,"I had been following this game for a while and had decided to wait until it was on sale before I bought it.  The more I read, the more I wanted to try it out so finally I just said screw it and picked it up.Gotta say, $20 well spent!Sure, the game is only 4-5 hours long, depending on how much exploring and running around you do, but the whole package is so interesting that it feels much deeper than it really is.GRAPHICS:Everyone talks about how pretty this game is.  Well, it's no lie.  I found myself taking constant screenshots like I was on some sort of nature hike.  You know, those shots that everyone takes when they go on outdoor trips.  Trees, rocks, water, old buildings. All of it looks great in this game and I was a real shutterbug.  I just left the settings alone, but with my system it was at max by default.  Smooth animations too!SOUND:The voice overs, the music, the ambient sound effects.  All very authentic.  Similar to the above comments on graphics, the sound can realy draw you in.  Just put on some headphones, go stand by the water and just listen.  Wind, water flow, bugs, birds.  Nature.  It is very peacful.GAMEPLAY:This is another part of this game I really enjoyed.  The whole discovery mechanic for finding objects and solving puzzles is refreshing.  I could do without time stamping events, but thankfully those are few and far between.  If anything, I wish there were MORE puzzles.  This game makes me want a full blown ""Sherlock Holmes"" style mystery adventure with similar mechanics in place.  Would be awesome!STORY:This will be my only knock on the game.  Don't get me wrong, the story is really good, but it became a little obvious too soon (for me at least) what was going on.  So a few times in the game I found myself rushing a bit.  So when I say it's a negative, I mean like when an actor in a movie does a bad accent.  It doesn't make the movie bad, it just is someting that bugs you if you pay too much attention.VALUE:I just wanted to touch on this one more time.  Some might say $20 for such a short game is too much.  And maybe you are right, but the overall package is really what is worth every penny.So in the end, I would highly recommend this game to anyone who just wants a refreshingly new adventure in a beautiful world.  Just dive in, and enjoy!Hope they make another like this soon :)"
76561197991182960,Not Recommended,258520,12474473,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,chancefate,"I will make this very simple. The save system cripples this game.The game is absolutely stunning to look at and a joy to walk around in and play.I don't care about the price, because even if it's only 5 hours or so the atmosphere is so well done and it's so pretty to look at that I feel it's worth more than $5 or $10.The deal breaker is the save system where you can play for 30 minutes or even a whole hour or more... and you need to go out or go to sleep... and you return to the game and nothing you've done has saved. I can't tell you how frustrating it is to 1) have no idea when something has saved,  and 2) Not be able to save when I need to take a break.Why? What reason would they have for making you lose all your hard earned progress pretty much every time you quit? And make no mistake, it will happen pretty much every time you quit because you never have any idea when the game is saving or where.Were it not for that one thing I would whole heartedly, 100% recommend this game... but the save system really, really sucks!"
76561198054497740,Recommended,258520,13233484,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,phantomFractal,"Have you ever asked yourself how a particular video game has made you FEEL? I am going to attempt to explain that vague underlining feeling that occurs from playing a game like this. I have not wanted to revisit this game as it left such an imprint on me at an emotional level. I have lately been forced to revisit it, however, as the world of Ethan Carter has somehow mingled with my dreams to form nightmares despite not having played the game since it first came out.Ethan's world leaves a bitter emptiness and darkness that I soon found I wanted to escape. As I walked through this beautiful forested land I soon began to notice the deadly silence. Is there anyone here? When is the last time that I have felt so alone in a place? I began to seek out the comfort of human voices. I craved for Paul Prospero to say something, anything. I didn't want to play the game anymore. I wanted to forget about it.... but I had to find Ethan... I had to know what happened here. I had to know what happened to this world drowning in quiet desperation, to this place that feels lost, alone, and afraid. It felt like it was hanging on for dear life like a fading memory... It felt like I was not supposed to be there.....I think that the atmosphere itself is brilliantly crafted and I would recommend playing it simply to have the experience. Just be prepared... We don't get to escape our experiences in the video game world just because they are not ""real"" life."
76561198087794419,Recommended,258520,26280759,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you enjoy beautiful landscape view, murder investigation, fiction story*No, if you looking for a fully horror game, it is not.LIKES:+Creative puzzle solving+Creative story+Great voice acting!+Zoom level is satisfied!+Sprint!+Smooth mouse control is nice+Easy to learn+Easy to understand what happen+Scary ghost!+Fast travel portal (if left an incomplete investigation)+Easy steam achievement+3x Trading cards+Auto save when each investigation is done+I love the cave maps!!!+Include a Redux version!!!DISLIKES:-No inventory list-Main menu should have more interactive-Need more map guideline for beginner-Too few steam achievementGAME DIFFICULTY:*Very easy on beginning, getting tough at the end.COMPLETION TIME:*Speedrun gamer: Around 3 hours*Casual gamer:  Around 5 hours+GAME MODE:= Singleplayer (10 Scenes)= No mulitplayerENJOYMENT:09/10 graphic quality (2014 tech)07/10 character design10/10 storyline08/10 area encounter08/10 sound system06/10 music efficient06/10 lively animated07/10 replayability10/10 bug-free (Technical issue)08/10 OverallMORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZRQ3WNSmnkWORTH BUYING?*Yes, if you want to thank developer!*No, if you can wait for 80% during sale in futurehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/258520"
,Recommended,258520,17080376,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Butt Man,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter ReviewGame DetailsGame:The Vanishing of Ethan CarterGenre:AdventureDeveloped by:The AstronautsPublished by:The AstronautsRelease Date:25 September, 2014Metacritic Score:82 (Link)Game Review""The Beauty of Red Creek Valley""The Vanishing of Ethan Carteris an indie game made by The Astronauts studio. This is a story-driven mystery game where you control a private detective named Paul Prospero, exploring and discovering several clues by communicating with the dead and seeing visions that help him locate a missing boy and discover the mistery behind a dark force lurking in Red Creek Valley.GameplayIn terms of gameplay, its a game with very simple mechanics, yet they work perfectly in it with many enjoyable puzzles that will engage you into the game. There is not much more to discuss in this aspect since this is a story-driven game, but I can say that everything gameplay wise works in favor of the game, and its experience, which overall focus on exploring beautiful scenarios for clues that help you solve the mystery around Red Creek Valley, while having a great sense of freedom that differenciates this piece of art from other linear story-driven games.Longevity is pretty small since I completed the game in about 3 hours, but somewhat expected since this is a story-driven game. Yet you will certainly spend some more hours into the game just by wandering through the astonishing environments present in the game, as by taking several screenshots since this is one of the most beautiful environments in game history in my opinion. The only two downsides of this game are really the length and the few autosave locations present in the game (no manual save feature either).StoryThis is an extremely important category in this game since, like I said before, it is a story-driven game. And boy, how good it was! This is an extremely powerful and interesting story making the game extremely captivating. The writing is very smart, it is amazing to see a game with such smart writing and dialogs. This game also uses complex themes in its story in a very interesting and sometimes unpredictable way. The pacing of the story is top-notch too as the mystery unravels slowly till you reach the end. I also enjoyed the ending very much, it was an amazing conclusion and I am sure most of you will love it to.GraphicsMoving on, lets discuss the graphics. They are amazing! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! This is one extremely gorgeous game. The environments are simply breathtaking. If you like taking screenshots, you will do it all the time in this game. Absolutely insane the level of detail and spectacularity present in the scenario. It is so good that it makes you wanna visit a place like the Red Creek Valley in the real life. With amazing views like it has, the exploration part of the game feels extremely good, instead of feeling like a chore like in some other games.SoundSound-wise I do not have any complaints either. The soundtrack is a perfect fit, as the sound effects. Voice acting was very good too, did not seemed like it was an Indie game at all.PerformancePerformance was great in my medium specs rig (you can see it in my profile). I played it in my 1440x900 resolution with almost every graphical settings maxed out (you have plenty of them to tweak in the game laucher) at 60 fps, with very few drops to never less than 50 fps.SummaryPros:Simple, yet effective gameplay and puzzle-solvingBreathtaking graphics and environmentsSpectacular story with amazingly well-written dialogsExtremely captivating game due to its story and scenariosAmazing sense of freedomGreat production values for an Indie GameCons:Poor autosave systemSmall lengthMy personal score:8.5/10If you like story-driven games this is a must-buy. If you are looking for a game with amazing graphics this is also a must-have game. An amazing tale that revolves around the supernatural with a powerful story and a beautiful world to wander around. The small longevity may make you doubt about the value of this game, but even from its base price this game is one to have in your steam library. Have fun wandering through Red Creek Valley."
76561198067031569,Recommended,258520,26881669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,marianne~,This game is a hidden gem.  Lovely scenes and a good story.  I loved it.
,Recommended,258520,13242423,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Wolf!!!!,"Aside from being one of the best looking games on PC, Ethan Carter is Atmospheric and Immersive. This little horror gem will keep you at the edge of your toes. 10/10"
,Recommended,258520,13731210,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tipster,"The Vanishing of Ethan CarterFieldRatingReviewGraphics9.5An absolutely stunning and absorbing environment both visually and audibly, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is crafted with love and some incredible attention to detail. That being said, the human models are not the most impressive things to look at, and the voice acting isn't the greatest, but none of it detracts from the experience of this beautiful game.Gameplay9There is no hand holding in this mystery game, and once you start, it is all up to you to piece the puzzle together. With some wonderfully unique gameplay elements, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter succeeds in delivering both an enjoyable experience, and an immersive one.Story8A compelling story that keeps you playing and thinking until you're done. Even once you have completed the game, you'll think back, pondering several possibilites. However, for how engrossed I was in solving the mystery of Ethan Carter, it was jarring how short the game was. Easily beaten in one sitting of a few hours. They could have taken this one a long way. But perhaps that's the beauty of Ethan Carter's story. It isn't dragged out, it just is what it is.MultiplayerN/ANone here, the best you'll do is solving the mystery with a friend sitting at your side.ReplayabilityN/AOnly worth going back to if you missed something, or for the beauty of the envrionment. Other than that, there isn't much of anything to replay this game for. I'm giving this one a N/A simply because I do not feel replayability should be a factor in mystery games such as this. Once you know the story, you know it. These types of games are not designed to be replayed, so keep that in mind.Overall8.1/10First, I was stunned by the envrionment and sounds. Next, I was thrilled by the gameplay elements. Finally, I was enthralled by the story.  Though I don't know I would recommend Ethan Carter for full price (simply because of the shortness of the game), absolutely pick it up on sale if you enjoy a good mystery.If you liked this review, feel free to check out my curator page:The TipsterYou are also welcome to join our group and play/discuss games together, here:The Tipster"
,Recommended,258520,32227548,Posted: 6 June,all,Cat Valentine <3,"Note - I played the Redux verison that is why I only have 0.2 hours on the regular versionSummary - The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a story driven puzzle solving mystery game, from the role of a great detective you explore the these abandoned places in order to find what happened to the people that lived here and what happened to cause the disappearance of Ethan Carter.Pros- Great story, the game itself is not very story driven if I'm honest it mostly focuses on puzzles, however the overall story to the game was not predicable in any means, I had no clue the ending was going to turn out as it was- Well layed out puzzles, the puzzles in this game are perfectly constructed, as you have to firstly fine clues to what has happened in the sence, and then you secondly get a first hand view on what went down. As if you were a detective, the way the puzzles immerse you with little things that just make so beautiful is just phenomenal- Due to the free Redux verison, this game is unbelievably beautiful this is for sure one of the best looking games I've ever seen the attention of detail is even in the distance is just beautiful- I experienced no glitches or bugs when playing, apart from a little texture missing in a rock, but I ain't going blame ya for that..- Very unique, I've never played any game like this in my entire life- Again this game is just too beautifulCons- Story is short even considering the game is only 15 bucks depending in what country you're in, the game still feels short- Although the graphics are beautiful the views are generic as it's set in the woods most of the sights are the same thing.- Basically doesn't have any replay value- One of the puzzles is rather hard, in my opinionVerdict: Overall, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, is a masterpiece one my favorite games of all time and I proudly say that with no regrets, the game is just beautiful in every aspect, views, soundtrack, story and so on. I would recommend this to every person, although note that this is a puzzle/mystery game so some people might not find this appealing to them compared to a more story driven game, the game also has no use of violence, weapons and so on are not used. However regardless of what your preference is this game is a MUST buy and I strongly recommend this masterpiece."
76561198003476696,Recommended,258520,12281430,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DrFluffy,"An exquisite experience of a game visually, emotionally, and story wise.  It is filled with exploration, mysteries that need solving, some minor puzzles, and lots of atmosphere.  It is not for everyone.  You won't find any fps action here or deep mechanics.  Its amazing in its simplicity and really hits the heart if you fully immerse yourself for the ride.  I played it in the dark with my headset on late at night and i was delighted by the mysteries as they unfolded.  I'd have to give this a 10/10 for an indie title that doesn't disappoint and which left it's mark."
,Recommended,258520,29790295,Posted: 8 February,all,Nexiu,This game is like side boob you want to see more but you're fine with what you got.
,Recommended,258520,29253693,Posted: 14 January,all,Saibot,"This Game was one of my First Walking Simulators.I played this game with zero expectations. The Graphics are wonderful and detailed. The Story is wonderful and i love the mystery stuff in this Game. The Game takes a huge factor in exploration and discovery. It contains no combat or explosions of any kind.Red Creek Valley looks perfect and even when the Game is ""only"" 8 Hours long it was a nice little journey.The only Question of the Story is: ""What happened to Ethan Carter?""Its Great!*RECOMMENDED*"
,Recommended,258520,28401378,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RetriButioN,"Intro:The Vanishing of Ethan Carther is more of an art than a video game, it's simply beautiful and filled with stunning visuals and breathtaking sceneries. But unfortunately, that's all it is. I feel like this is closer than a tech demo than a full game, don't get me wrong though, I'm not saying it's a bad product. What I'm trying to say is that it's more of a one trick pony. You get the absolute best graphics ever seen in a video game here, but that's pretty much all you're getting out of it.Pros (+2):- Intriguing atmosphere and beautiful world design- The absolute best graphics quality in any game: Photorealistic visualsCons(-9):- Almost zero replay value- Disappointing dialog and weak writing- Very trivial and easy puzzles, there's zero challenge- Extremely short and linear for an open-world experience- Basically a walking simulator, there's not much gameplay content in it- Voice acting is pretty bad, even though there are very few spoken lines- Incoherent story, weak narrative and nonexistent character development- Although justified by the lore, every sub-story and puzzle feels entirely out of place and random- A cliché ending that we've all seen a million times over already (It was all a dream/not real)Gameplay = 5/10 ; Audio = 8/10 ; Visuals = 10/10 ; Story = 6/10Verdict:6.5/10 - Above AverageHonestly, it's quite hard to recommend this game but at the same time it's also difficult not to recommend it. This is one of those titles that makes me wish there was a neutral option for reviews. Vanishing of Ethan Carter definitely is not everybody's cup of tea, and not everyone would be able to connect with it the way they should. The main selling point of the game is photorealistic graphics and it's in fact the best visuals I've seen in a video game so far. The breathtaking graphics alone would be a good enough reason to purchase this game, it simply looks fantastic."
,Recommended,258520,12446114,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kpaxxx,"The graphics are amazing, the story is ok, the gameplay is not impressive, but ok too. It's short (~5 hours), but overall it's a GOOD game. Nice job, developers, Keep her steady!"
76561197961554752,Recommended,258520,12240163,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,peeka,"Amazing, the gameplay is interactive and fluid. The graphics are absolutly amazing. The story is very good too.I feel the same way about this game as I did Myst so many years ago."
76561197973960012,Recommended,258520,13138886,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,|HP|SeeEmilyPlay,"A visually stunning game - it's like a beautiful painting come to life. A mystery to solve, with clues and puzzles to get you thinking, opening up answers to solving a sequence of terrible events. Take your time, explore the areas provided as there are some little easter eggs in this game that make it all the more intriguing. Too short - I wanted more, but the game is time well spent. Loved it."
76561197970956898,Recommended,258520,32314034,Posted: 10 June,all,Stobislaw,"It is beautiful in many terms.It has strange and original gameplay.I liked it very much, it was a nice trip. Recomend with alcohol. Play only after sundown when You can focus and immers in it."
,Recommended,258520,22971498,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MidgetBoy,"Nevermind the length of this game because it is absolutely one of the most beautiful games you will ever play. Memorable, atmospheric, and hauntingly immersive at every turn of the game. Many will call this a straight-forward ""walking simulator"" and for the most part it is just that. Throughout the game you play as a detective named Paul Prospero who investigates into the disappearance of a young boy named Ethan Carter. Without spoiling a single thing, you pick up pieces of what may have happened to him by solving murders throughout the valley of Red Creek. In order to solve these murders you must figure out in which order the individual murders took place by identifying clues and placing them in the correct order. It may sound simplistic but you must use logic and careful inspection of the area in order to successfully figure out what happened for each murder. Other than the murders to investigate, the game boasts one of the most photo-realistic graphics I have ever seen. Just strolling through the area is breath-taking and convinces you that you are in a real place. The draw of the game in general is the story and its ending, which not only sums up the game neatly but also makes your head spin. This game sets a very high standard for any so called ""walking simulator"" because it is able to completely immerse you throughout its length. In conclusion, I highly recommend you buy this game, if not only just to screenshot a part of the game’s landscape!"
,Recommended,258520,18004048,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Skipp,"Now this has to be a prime example to every dev company out there as how a game can look absolutely stunningly gorgeous with perfect performance that never drop below 60fps! The redux version solved all the problems with display resolution the original had (locked at 16:9) and it made the journey even more beautiful.You play as a paranormal detective, on his last case - where you get a letter from Ethan calling for your help. As you arrive in Red Creek Valley, you'll be struck with an insane amount of details around you. The vistas you'll be seeing in this game are just pure art! No screenshot can do this game any justice.The narrative is something completely different to standard adventure games but it blends in perfectly with the atmosphere. It's slow, casual, and cosy. The game never holds your hand and as you take the role of Paul Prospero, you're free to roam the Valley as you please, and at your own pace. There are only a few puzzles in the game and all of them can be finished within a few hours so please take your time to enjoy the visuals. It's completely worthy, and Ethan's story is a very interesting one even though I semi-expected a bit more emotional ending."
,Recommended,258520,33668110,Posted: 20 July,all,Alejandro4891,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter redux is the type of game that is best experienced by going in blind and as a result, I will attempt to discuss what I liked/disliked about it without trying to spoil it. It's highly reminiscent of how awful movie trailers are today, in attempting to describe/give a taste of what's to come, the important parts of a movie/game are spoiled. This really surprised me because even as I played through the game, certain mechanics stood out to me, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to fully discuss them because it's best experienced/learned on your own. Attempting to go in depth about the game's mechanics would spoil certain aspects of it and not doing so would result in better immersion, a big part of walking simulators like this one.Without revealing too much, ECR is a highly atmospheric walking simulator that puts you into the shoes of a noir-type detective attempting to solve a mystery. I know that comes off as a mouthful, but that more or less covers most of what it offers without going into spoiler territory. Seeing as how it's a walking simulator, the basic mechanics are there. It consists of FPV, a few puzzles, a lot of interaction with all sorts of items, even mundane ones, reading, and cutscenes that put you in the middle of the various situations. Most people, including myself, may turn away from walking simulator games due to them mainly being seen as something other than ""real"" video games, but ECR offers enough that I could say it's not only a video game, it's a great one.One of the main attractions of ECR is its graphics, this game is visually stunning. Having just recently upgraded my GPU (I went from a 480 to a 1080), I was able to fully enjoy this one aspect of the game. This is the type of game that you'll want to snap many screenshots and that's exactly what I did, it even led to what I believe to be one of the best screenshots I've taken in a video game. With the high quality graphics you will be able to enjoy the many different locations offered such as dense forests, decrepit houses/buildings, a graveyard, and large bodies of water/sunlight.Speaking of locations, ECR's ""level"" design is fairly close to what I would describe as good to great and at times it vaguely reminded me of Dark Souls. When it comes to great level design, I mainly think of the first Dark Souls game, it's a massive and expansive world that when fully examined reveals intricate shortcuts/paths that showcase how well connected it all is. This is more or less what is done in ECR. On top of that, most of the locations that are visible in ECR could be visited. It's not as extensive as in Dark Souls, but it offers enough so that you will eventually begin to anticipate things to come.For the most part, ECR's locations are what you'd expect to find in the nearby surroundings of a small town except many of the houses/buildings can be described as decrepit and then some. Everything just feels abandoned and lifeless. This is of importance because that along with low key ambient music contributes to the game's moody/atmospheric feel that can at times be described as disconcerting.Seeing as how the game takes place in Wisconsin, most of the game takes place near/around forests. There is a specific labyrinthian location, but a great deal of time is spent in the outdoors. What's notable about this is that there's much to be discovered in these places and it could easily be missed, it requires a highly observant eye. This is of great importance because in order to progress through the game, you must find items/clues that can easily be missed.On the subject of possibly missing out on important things, that's one of the few things that bothered me about ECR. This game was initially described as an experience that will not hold your hand and that's true. Honestly, this could be viewed as both a good and bad thing. In not having your hand held you are able to experience the game for what it is and progress feels like an actual accomplishment, it ends up being worth it. On the other hand, the game is done in such a way that missing out on important items/clues can lead to the story getting jumbled up and you ending up lost as a result of this. You are eventually able to piece things together by endlessly backtracking through the game's locations for possible hints, but it won't result in what is ultimately a specifically structured story. On top of that, it could also be a while before you realize just what it is you're really supposed to be doing in this game. The game's mechanics aren't clearly defined and it's through trial and error that things are eventually fully revealed.Another problem that relates to being lost and locations is the lack of a map. I guess you could say that this contributes to the mysterious feeling that is generally felt throughout the game, but it could've been done in such a way that it wouldn't have prevented the story/atmosphere from being ruined or doesn't make the player suffer. Eventually you are able to orient yourself with the help of visible landmarks, but it could take a while before this is realized.Though I previously stated that this game is visually stunning, that isn't entirely true. At this point it's probably me just nitpicking, but the textures in this game aren't as detailed as other aspects of this game. From afar, everything appears to have fluid movement and high attention to detail, but that is entirely different when up close. When viewed from that distance, things can appear to be stiff and blocky. I feel that it's important to note this because walking simulators generally consist of FPV and high attention to detail to make up for what some could view as a limiting subgenre of video games.To conclude, I highly enjoyed ECR. Though it was a bit frustrating to be lost/confused for the first third of the game, I was eventually able to fully digest what the game offered as time went on. This is the type of game where you won't be given hints or clear objectives and it is through your own observations that you begin to learn what needs to be accomplished. I know this game probably won't be enjoyed by everyone, but I still recommend it. I will also say that even with what I viewed as its flaws, ECR is what future walking simulators should aspire to be, a narrative experience with enough to keep you occupied/entertained."
,Recommended,258520,12770050,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,banjoeskimo,"An excellent 5-7 hour exercise in exploration, puzzle solving, and Lovecraftian horror, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the most visually masterful and beautifully designed games I've had the joy of playing. If you want to feel like a kid again, exploring a wonderous and exciting world without a minimap or quest marker getting in your way every 5 minutes, buy this immediately."
76561197970695975,Not Recommended,258520,12360922,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Danny_G13,"This is a hard one to review, but I will say straight out that if you're seduced by the synopsis on Steam, as I was, tread carefully. 'First-person story driven mystery game' is not completely inaccurate, but it is slightly misleading. This is much less a game and more an 'arthouse experience with walking simulator'.The plot is certainly intruiging; you arrive in Red Creek Valley, as a paranormal detective named Paul Prospero. Having received letters from a young boy called Ethan Carter, his vanishing prompts your arrival and intent to discover what happened here. Slowly, piece-by-piece you start to dissect the confusion and put together the truth...Ok, so the plot doesn't sound THAT exciting when I look back at it, and I'd have to say that's my first big problem with Ethan Carter - this game does not grip you. I felt a real sense of disconnection from the game, and never really felt immersed in it from the word go. There is a real absence of tension, excitement and thrills from a game that implies it's full of the stuff.Visually, on the other hand, it's stunning. It's easily the best-looking indie game ever made, with graphics akin to Alan Wake on a commercial level. It has that 'coastal small American town' feel to it and it certainly looks the part - the lush vegetation and general scenery are epic.Back to the more negative aspect though is the length - this game took me 5 hours - and a lot of that was via walking around rather aimlessly thanks to a couple of bugs which cost me at least two hours of gameplay. For £15 you really expect more than just 3-5 hours gameplay, no matter how some people try to justify the 'experience' and it being 'high-brow arthouse that's to be savoured'. My wallet is to be savoured too, and 5 hours doesn't cut it.Then we have the abominable save system. There ARE some locations which have hard saves written in - aka you can go to them and they save your location, but otherwise you only get a save for achieving something in the game. AKA you can stroll around for ages, not actually go to a hard save location and not achieve anything, and guess what? None of what you did saved! And then there's the fact the saves only 'save scene'. So, for example, if you partially complete one bit, want a break...well...you can't. Because until you finish that scene your progress in that scene does not save, and if you move on without saving and DO save at a hard save location? Everything you did in that earlier scene is erased and you have to start again. In short, the save system is a mess.There's also that inescapable feeling that you're just walking around looking at things - nice looking things, yes, but the game's non-linear nature means you can do what you like in what order you want, and it makes it feel disjointed.There ARE great sequences here, and I won't spoil any of them. One of them actually intimidated me and made me say 'what the h*ll...' which I liked. I like something unexpected and different, and a few scenes achieved this.But overall I paid £15 for a first-person adventure and feel like I got a very nice looking 5 hour walking simulator more akin to Dear Esther than anything else.I recommend this if you like that kind of game, but please, know it's what you're getting and not a more energetic, high-octane thriller like I was hoping for. Due to the misleading synopsis I have to regrettably not recommend it, but if they change the synopsis to a more accurate and honest content appraisal, I will reverse that.Pity it doesn't reverse my £15."
,Recommended,258520,12284090,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Vormaen,"It is hard to sum up in any given number of words what makes The Vanishing of Ethan Carter such a success.  It's exuisitely rendered vistas, it's isolated creepiness, and it's love of all things strange annd weird leve a lasting impression on you long after the credits role.Like Dear Esther, this an exploratory trip, though not as mouthy or long winded.  This is first and foremost about the senses.  The visuals are top notch using Photogrammety(http://www.theastronauts.com/2014/03/visual-revolution-vanishing-ethan-carter/)as the catalyst for near realistic perfection.  In a sense there is no reused tiled textures, just real world goodness to trick your eyes into believing this is a random and breathing world.If Ethan Carter suffers from anything negative it's the ending.  Lovecraft buffs will find a bit of disappointment when the climax is reached.  Although the game is very much an art project, the story did not have to follow suit.  But Some may find the ending satisfying.There is no mistaking the obvious: Ethan Carter is a labor of love that deserves every bit of attention it should recieve.  Do not let this experience pass you by.  If your PC can handle the process crunching this game dishes out (and amazingly can do quite a bit without being too extremely taxing on your videocard) then take the walk through this quiet yet haunting tale.  You'll not soon regret it."
,Recommended,258520,23717715,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,FateGuy,"It could be called ""Edgar Allan Poe - The Video Game"".The little storys, the environment... what a hauntingly beautiful place one get's put into. But I shall not spoil that one bit here. You'll see for yourself.One thought about the Gameplay:In this game, there seems to be not so much going on in the big picture. Some people even think this means it's boring. But it's surely not. I would call it calm, very, but never boring.I recommend to play it in the still of the night, right before bedtime, then have a long sleep. I loved it that way."
76561198033189852,Recommended,258520,12241659,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Zeeblebrox,"Prettiest hiking simulator I've ever played, 10/10.On a more serious note, this game will not appeal to everyone.  If you prefer action-horror titles with strong thrill factors and quick plot pacing, this game may feel a little empty and...well...like a hiking simulator (albeit an absolutely stunningly detailed one.)There is no HUD in this game, no map, no compass and notably, no visual indication of the passage of in-game time (the sun is fixed about 15 degrees above the horizon, creating gorgeous sunset shadows that really highlight the team's mastery of Unreal Engine's lighting effects.)Gameplay consists of wandering through lush forrests and crumbling turn-of-the-20th-century industrial architecture looking for small mystery scenes, usually indicated by bobbing white text over any object that can be interacted with.  The scenes weave a narrative that can be loosely linear, although finding a piece of the story's thread non-linearly in no way spoils the effect.  If you've played Dear Esther, you'll find a more cohesive plotline but a very similar feeling narrative structure.If you're looking to quickly advance the story, this game leaves very much wanting - the mini mystery puzzles are few and far between, expect to spend approximately 10% of this game actually involved in gameplay and the rest of the time exploring and seeking out the next scene.Exploration in this game is a reward in and of itself, but not in the sense that you'll find a unique item or clever easter egg.  Rather, the highlights of exploration will be to find particularly stunning view points where the sun quite literally bursts forth through the clouds and illuminates a vast and breathtaking vista in the valleys below, or marvelling at the craftsmanship and detail that went into the making of this world (I particualarly enjoyed the crests placed on the family tombstones in the graveyard - attention was paid to even minute details.)Learning one thing early in gameplay will save you quite a bit of time and frustration - the mini crime scenes are generally confined to an area no larger than a few hundred square yards, so if you find yourself going on quite a hike looking for a missing piece of the puzzle you should go back and re-examine the scene.TL;DR - Buy this game if you want a gorgeous (the visuals alone immersed me immediately) and thoughtful mystery horror adventure (think LA Noir crossed with Dear Esther in a more Lovecraftian world) with a strong emphasis on narrative and environment.  If you prefer more action oriented games like Silent Hill or Slenderman this may be slower and emptier than you seek.  If you ever question whether a game can also be art, buy this immediately."
,Recommended,258520,26448617,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tomsthreem,"A mystery wrapped in a wonderful landscape, a family possessed by the darkness of the human mind, the creativity of a child who overcomes his own reality.I played the Redux version first, and then I finished this version of the game just to recommend it.Absolutely recommended, congratulations to The Astronauts for the great job."
,Recommended,258520,12263518,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Retro,"I refuse to give anything away. So. On that note.Just buy it.  Do it.Visuals: 10/10Story: Amazing/10Feels: 100/10Presentation: Cosmos/ 10Music: omfg I want this sound track now and where can I give you money for it/ 10Fanboy boner tingles: Eons old/10I bought this one sort of blind after seeing the wonderful Jim Sterling give it a squirt play and I do NOT regret a second of it. I will more than likely play it a few more times in the coming months just for the story and atmosphere alone.Kudos to the entire team. There was clearly a metric ton of love and hard work put into this and it shines greatly.On a side note. Some people maaaay find it to be a bit of a walking sim, but if you dedicate 4+ hours to it and can think for yourself rather than expecting the game to hold your hand... you'll be just fine."
,Not Recommended,258520,13452790,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,nattfoedd,"All in all I was kind of disappointed:+ lovely graphics+ great atmosphere- monotonous gameplay, without any real challenges- super static world with almost no interaction- no replay value at all- very short (~4h)"
76561198124280714,Not Recommended,258520,12361925,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Taylor Swift Loves You,"PROS:The game is graphically amazing and the ambiance is as it should be.The levels are beautifully designed.I like the way the main character thinks and how you can impersonate him.The death scenes are interesting.CONS:Storyline not present enough.Lack of vitality (it's getting long, walking for minutes with no one to talk to or without seeing any animals... The game is TOO dead).One of the most disapointing finals for a game.WAY too much walking around.  If you skipped something, because the game isn't really intuitive, you have to walk all they way back around the map.Some spots are not easy to find.  Took me a while getting into the mine.Not enough puzzles for the fan of puzzle games.TL;DR  Game is visually stunning but, unless you have a good walktrough or hours to waste, this game is going to make you cringe."
,Recommended,258520,13342251,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Todza,"One of the best atmospher i have seen in games for a long time. Musics are great and music use throughout the game has been done perfectly, graphics are beautiful, puzzles are neither too hard nor too easy, plot is intriguing and the ending is impressive. Overall it's a very well made game and definitely money well spent. I'll be looking forward to more games from The Astronauts."
,Recommended,258520,25709554,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,DarkKitarist ☠,"I made sure that I didn't read anything about the game beforehand (except some tech stuff since I'm in game development), and I'm happy I didn't! The story is great, the constant switching between fantasy and reality is superb, and the twist at the end... AH EXQUISITE!! The game is worth all it's money! The time it took to create a world like this filled to the brim with realism and scenery you could watch for hours on end... Which is exactly what me and my girlfriend did... out of the 9 odd hours in game at least 4 were just to take in the scenery and the world building. Both of us are game devs (she's the artist :P) and we were just awestruck by the detail the developers put in the game (and the redux version...)This game is a bite sized slice of puzzle/mystery heaven! The only problem I have with the game is that the puzzles could have been a little bit harder :P Other than that the game is excellent and should be played by everyone!"
,Recommended,258520,13779190,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"Interesting idea for a game. The graphics are absolutely stunning, Very atmospheric. You can get some really amazing screenshots during gameplay. Achievements are play as you go. I am unable to get one achievement, I think its currently bugged or something. Great find, Great Play."
,Recommended,258520,27671678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,𝓟𝓻𝓸𝓯𝓮𝓼𝓼𝓸𝓻,I dont wanna say anything about the game .. this is one of the best story driven game  without any doubt .. i wanted to mention one thing if you really care to know  about what is happening in Red Creek valley and about Ethans .. Solve all the puzzles .. If you dont you wont know what happened to Ethan and who you really are ..
,Recommended,258520,14844315,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RoRo1980,"took some screenshots, sent them to my mobile phone, showed them to coworkers, they thought they were photographs i took on my vacation, 10/10 , no need to have a life ever again."
76561197988151832,Not Recommended,258520,12746129,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kowalczyk,"I am disappointed. It took me around 3-4 hours to finish this, and there is no point on replaying it (the extra time Steam says I was playing is simply because I left it running when I went for dinner lol).The graphics may be fantastic, as well as the music, but there is very little to do in the world apart from walking/running around, and there are few puzzles to solve - 5 murder puzzles and 2 or 3 other 'puzzles' if you can call them that. That's it, but you do get to do a few hours worth of walking around the world to get to each of the puzzles (which is empty of humans and animals).The story was fine, maybe a little disappointing at the end, but the puzzles were sometimes seemingly unconnected with the story and sometimes downright annoying and what I had to do to finish them seemed counterintuitive.Vastly overpriced for what it is."
,Recommended,258520,34319422,Posted: 17 August,all,MW2K,"I played this game on GOG originally, so I was able to breeze through it in the Steam version.The goodGorgeous game, everything you look at is well-drawn, animated and colouredEmotive musicTwisted, bizarre storyFreeform exploration, no on-rails hereHas a few oh snap momentsThe badNo quicksaveA few frustrating parts (in the mines, e.g)No replay value unless you're achievement huntingThe lack of objectives may turn off some playersShort - 3-5 hours first time you go through it"
76561197991756666,Recommended,258520,14909645,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,nerk hayze,"I have just completed this game, PERFECTED it.-Bafta award for innovation was won IN 2015 by THE VANISHING OF ETHAN CARTER.-The graphics are highly detailed, and a lot of fun, playing through.Critique:-When I play a game, if it's in FIRST PERSON mode, I appreciate seeing my hands, (at least) my feet...Here I saw nothing, buttons were depressed, things were picked up. No hands or feet to be seen, not even myPaul Prospero'sface..no jump buttons,no possibility of falling off a cliff,no getting in water because you wanted to.If a game has a high graphic quality I favor high interaction possibilities with it,the graphics here are VERY GOOD,but the interaction was clearly limited to the storyline.There is no difficulty choice,-no easy-no casual-no nightmare setting available,I don't know if that's a problem with you,IT WASN'T WITH ME.No cloudsave between PC's.Major Spoiler FollowsThe game has limited interaction with other living beings,-There's a zombie,-A spaceman/astronaut, you even fly to space,-All he does is speculate about situations he find's then plays out the most probable scene in his own mind,-When he actually does find Ethan Carter, again, it's a speculative scene & he comforts Ethan into unending darkness;WELL ALMOST, he does hint heavily at a sequel, which I don't foresee as by this time all of Ethan's relatives are not in the game anymore!-In the carter house there is, in differing sizes and ""evil eye"" in the form of a 1/2 skull on the wall in many rooms, keep an eye out for it,ALTHOUGH THE GRAPHICS ARE FLASHY, THE GAME'S STRICTLY LINEAR STORY GUIDES IT TO THE END,SOME MAY FIND THAT FRUSTRATING AND WANT MORE OF AN OPEN-WORLD FEEL.Positive Words for the protagonist-I am a HARSH critic, :-) he is a good investigator who knows what he is looking for.At the end of it all, I am recommending THE VANISHING OF ETHAN CARTER.Game on."
,Recommended,258520,31014248,Posted: 8 April,all,J_Chef_Kennedy,"This is probably one of the best games I've ever played. It surely is different from most other games, without much 'action' but deep story and narrative effects. If one likes a good story, this would be a must have game."
,Recommended,258520,12308424,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,GoonTofu,"Step into an eerily haunting, beautifully detailed world to uncover this decrepit backwaters dark secrets."
76561198023019965,Recommended,258520,24004982,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pablo,"This review is for bothThe Vanishing of Ethan CarterandThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter Redux. I've played both games, they are the same, thereduxversion has better graphics and some small interface differences. At the end of this review i explain more about the differences*.More than 20 years ago, when i first playedMysti remember thinking, well, this game seems cool and all, specially the graphics, the story is very vague...and i don't really see too many things to do...i hope i soon have some things to do.. because if i don't i'm not so sure this is gonna work out....aand, of course, turns out, in myst, i did have some/several things to do, but in an original and unexpected way and there was a story, although not like you were expecting it to be, and it became one of the most known adventure games of the 90s (even though, it wasn't considered an adventure by many...). And that's fine, because the game was anything but a normal adventure, it was something else. You could like it, or hate it, but it was difficult to remain indifferent (once you played it).Playing The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was the first time since playing Myst...that i had a similar experience... a sort of experience that not even the following game Riven could replicate, or the other games that followed in the series. Riven was a great game, even better than Myst, but it didn't replicate this feeling, of being in a real place. That's one of the things that's amazing from The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, it's been a long time since i felt this way about a virtual designed place.... this place....this creek valley....it could exist, it could actually exist (i believed it could). And i know is not real, CGI place of sorts, and the graphics were great of course, very good, but not the greatest, and still.... and that's what surprised me, there was something else happening, i don't know, maybe because of the photographic textures, maybe just by a design choice of space, or maybe the way each stage was presented , that something in my mind, told me, this could be real.This proves to me, basically, that no matter how good the graphics are, there's something more needed for a place to be ""believable"" Something that has to be well though out and put into place. Something does have to work in a practical way.One thing that this game dares to do, is design a place and then put all the different interactions in a organic way. Meaning, if you are in the woods, and there's something to do there, and then there's a bridge in the background and there's something more to do over the bridge, you are not just gonna jump from one place to the other....you are gonna have to walk all the woods and arrive to the bridge, and then if you wanna go to the house over the hill, you are gonna have to cross the whole bridge, and climb the hill. There's just no shortcuts in graphics and places, it's all there, you believe it could be some real place. Maybe that's the part that could come across as ""walking simulator"" because you do have to walk ""a lot"" but you also do have quite a few things to do, and an investigation to complete (also you can sprint fast). You are a detective of sorts, and you have to learn what happened to Ethan and his family. And whats this weird energy around  the valley where the games takes place.I was surprised by this, because, yes, the game is in part a walking simulator (you do walk a lot) and the game itself is not overly long. But , in this case and for this game, thats perfect! for once , it made sense to me to have a game where you do walk a lot while doing some interaction with things (it's part of the experience, to discover each corner of this place, and investigate) and it's fine for this game to not be really long, because the story doesn't need it. But it doesn't feel cheap, and it doesn't feel short. A movie takes about 2 hours, and we don't think it's short or cheap. This game takes something between 6 to 8 hours, and it doesn't feel short  at all.Also, while doing the investigation you will come around certain objects, that you will look closely, sometimes even pick them up to use them someplace else. And in certain scenes you' re gonna have to reconstruct a chronology of events. Telling more would be spoiling it...because, the same as myst, this game tries to be something else...it has to be discovered... and it does succeed in making you believe it is real.The story is good, very interesting, it's presented in a very good pace almost all along and the tension remains almost all the way. I would say that during the last scenes it was a little let down, not because of the ending, but to the contrary, because before the ending you would want to know more about the characters and their story, and how it happened all that came to be, before the ending. That's in fact a testament to how good the game was at times, although not perfect.I would say the story is good enough, but no great, and what truly is great here is the experience of discovering and learning about the game world.Playing this game makes me realize how gaming has come along these last 20 years that we are now seeing new genres (or variations of existing genres) and in this parcticular case, that not all games have to be a 60+ hs experience to be valuable (especially if its not justified) Sometimes, less and minimalistic, is just as good.I was just ready to quit for good these so called ""Walking simulators"" because i'm bored to death of them, i hate just walking around, if it is for the story i play it, then i just prefer to watch a movie, really.But, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter showed me that, if there's a good reason to make a ""walking simulator"" (with a good amount of interactions, albeit minimal) and it is justified,it can be a great gaming experience, different than a movie. A gaming experience, that if done right, could be the first of a new genre, likeMystdid 20 years ago.********************************************************************************************************originalvsreduxversion:Theoriginalwas made with Unreal 3, and thereduxversion with Unreal 4. Unreal 4 works by default in 64bit so it makes better use of all available memory. Textures are more clear , more shadows and there are new water and light effects. There are practically no loading times ""in game"". When you start for the first time some effects may seem worst than theoriginalbut in fact they are better, you just have to play enough to see it. Another improvement was with the sound, the fading out / fading in between different tunes, with Unreal 4 it was more fluid. Also inreduxversion the saving system is more precise, it resumes mostly where you left off."
,Recommended,258520,23828324,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,supernaut,"I couldn't post a review under the Redux version, so I had to install the 10GB original and run it for 5 minutes. The Redux version took me 4.7 hours to finish, so pay no attention to the time on record. It's the same game, story-wise and otherwise-wise.This would be the first game I'd recommend if you hated Dear Esther. It's hard not to compare the two, but The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is more of a game whereas Dear Esther was an experience or experiment in storytelling. To me it was an unforgettable experience, rarely a game has crawled under my skin like Dear Esther, but truth be told, I've only finished it once. That doesn't take away the goosebumps and the emotions I went through, but replayability is an important thing to any gamer. I can't help but sneer at the term walking simulator though, cos it sort of closes the door on any experiment or game not conforming to the norm. While gameplay is king, I'd rather have access to new ideas than play the 400th Mario game, because the platforming is so timeless. Restricting player movement in a game goes against every instinct in your body, cos games are supposed to be liberating experiences, but on the other hand you have highly scripted games that are rewarded with your hard-earned €60 for doing the exact same thing.Our notions of pricing is another thing that's put to the test when playing these sort of games, which is understandable, but Ethan Carter steps comfortably out of the danger zone of being completed in 2 hours on your first playthrough. It lets you experience its story by having you solve multiple murders and puzzles, but mainly murders as you walk or run through the absolutely stunning Red Creek Valley. Considering how believable the location is and my cursed compulsion to seek out every corner, I would've hated this game with a passion if I hadn't had the option to sprint and I mean properly sprint not just walk faster, which some games seem to mix up. Sprinting would've destroyed Dear Esther, but here it's unavoidable, especially with the risk of backtracking.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter looks so good you wish you had the PC to be able to max it out, at least in my case, cos with the use of photogrammetry it literally looks picture perfect. You would gladly walk, admire your surroundings and forget the gameplay, but there is no need to go exploring every nook and cranny. There are only a couple of items off the beaten path; this is no game of collectibles. The words Inspect and Read hover over every item worth looking at. To avoid backtracking though you need to pay attention, cos every puzzle needs to be solved in order to finish the game.I can't say what the story is about without spoiling it, but you'll notice right away that this isn't a detective story rooted in reality. It's a nice mix between Dear Esther and Alan Wake. Often times I was enjoying the sights and the simple gameplay of putting murder scenes together that I didn't bother putting the actual story together, cos you're so used to a paranormal angle that it's become normal, which is why I was caught off guard by the games ending. Having only played the Redux version, which has a better save system though higher system requirements and the risks of backtracking aside, the gorgeous game world, its Lovecraftian tone and a good story make it a worthy experience.EDIT:A tip from grandsong: If you're not interested in walking, in keybindings change Run to W, so you can rest that pinky finger of yours."
,Not Recommended,258520,33599413,Posted: 16 July,all,UncleYar,"(Played the Redux version, Steam tells me I played 9 hours but I occasionally had to leave the game idle.)I was expecting way, way more of this game given the glowing reviews by both press and Steam users. It was very intriguing in the beginning, but I rapidly identified the kind of plot device the writers would probably be using, and lo and behold, in the end they did exactly that.The game did have an extra story layer that I had not anticipated, but the whole thing still crumbled for me when I saw the ending and I walked away unimpressed. The only way you're gonna enjoy this story is if you're really into psychology or sociology, but lovers of fantasy, suspense or the supernatural needn't apply.The gameplay isn't flawless either. The game wants you to walk a bit off the beaten path to find some things necessary to finish the game, but 90% of the time this kind of exploration isn't rewarded, you quickly meet invisible walls. I would've preferred the game to be completely on rails rather than have explorable nook and crannies that have strictly nothing in them. So: bad level design for exteriors, as well as some interiors.This said the game has good aspects, even if they can't save the whole:- Innovative (if simple) investigation system- Some fun puzzles that can be solved without resorting to spoilers for the most part- Nice scenery, though I wasn't as impressed by the graphics as some people seem to be. If you look at mid-distance trees from certain angles you can see they're just flat billboards which turn to face you, among other things.- Voice acting was pretty good."
,Recommended,258520,25247186,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,lady_rosali,"Great story, beautiful graphics and soundtrack, nice controls and awesome ending!I would like to see more games like this.10/10"
,Recommended,258520,12746931,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BenScarab,"Terrific game that had me guessing the outcome until the very end. Really immersive, memorable game."
,Recommended,258520,12259771,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[0xFB] [»Sublustris«],"Verdict:The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is another pearl of indie-gaming... and a future IGF's ""Excellence in Visual Art"" finalist for sure :DPros:EXTREMELY beautiful and eye-pleasing. ""Dear Esther"" of Unreal 3 engine. Even though it's not next-gen (game utilizes DX9c), it already looks far superior and photorealistic thanks to photogrammetry technique, that've been used to make game assets and levels;Misterious, nostalgic and captative atmosphere, that reminds of Twin Peaks, Alan Wake and that favorite suspense fiction of yours;Very well made and visualized puzzle and solving mechanics, that look refreshing and keep you interested;Weird fiction horror story. Even though nothing truly original, but interesting, logical and very well told;Rather cheap for the ammount of work put onto this project;Cons:Short experience. All investigations, puzzles and plots will take you around 4-5 hours. Took me more then 7 hours, because I've enjoyed vistas and explored the levels more, then I should;Not really open-world. In fact it's like one of those vastly huge levels of first Crysis. It's understandable, and even surprising for Unreal 3 engine though - there are no loadings between locations, few FPS drops can occur here and there as assets are loading into your RAM/VRAM;I wish puzzle mechanics could be exploited more, it's too few of them for such a great idea. Scarcity of puzzles due to owerall shortness of the game and story (but not the map, lol, it's huge);No replayability, no loading to specific scene, no freeroam to enjoy the vistas after game completion;Few minor bugs here and there at the game's launch. My experience was mostly bugless though."
,Recommended,258520,12545543,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fijoli,"Wonderful Game, Way to short. While I was leda to believe there was exploration, this made me think of skyrim. and that was my mistake for comparing anything to skyrim!This game is more linear in objectives than the impression given by the makers and producers of the game, but...I love it. I am torn between my OCD story telling and Love of Horror to complain too much.All in All The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was a delight for me to play and I really hope to see more games just like this one with bigger maps and more freedom on Quests.Beautiful and refreshing Horror Mystery Concept. I absolutely Recommend this game, it was, regaurdless of my sadness that it ended so quickly, it was worth every penny and I enjoyed every second of it.I was able to play this game on the lowest graphics smoothly on my Surface Pro with HD Graphics 4000 and it still wowed me. This game felt more alive than Most games today."
,Recommended,258520,12544991,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mxthe,"This game is gorgeous, not only that but it is also compelling and intriguing. I was very quickly drawn into the world, and I stayed there until I had completed everything.It is a short game, but a very nice ride, with a wonderful soundtrack."
76561197971628333,Recommended,258520,22966057,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Modranto,"Picturesque Red Creek Valley conceals a haunting, unearthly tale that is short but worth your attention.Many have called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter a walking simulator and I can't really argue with that. I am, however, entirely OK with it. It's an impactful, atmospheric experience to hike through this painterly landscape with events going on around you that regularly blur the line between the supernatural and the mundane. The violence in this game is, in fact, more affecting since you as the player never swing a sword or fire a gun.Puzzles await you at numerous locations in the valley. They use simple mechanics, mostly to good effect. This game isn't trying to be a full on puzzle game, there aren't enough puzzles for that, but what's there generally does a good job of keeping you thinking and feeling involved. A few of them did frustrate me though. Keeping things vague, there was an instance where the missing piece that I needed was a smallish object on the ground that I didn't realize I could pick up until it was highlighted as I stumbled over it. Another case left me unsure where to go when a small drop in water level opened up a new path that wasn't sufficiently obvious.Clocking in at five hours for a thorough, 100% completion playthrough, this game's biggest weakness is that the journey ends too soon. I switched from the Redux version to the original for a second time through and this time finished everything in 110 minutes. I noticed little difference between the two versions. No change in the story or puzzles and the visuals were about the same. The save system in Redux is superior and the default camera movement controls were also preferable in Redux. Unfortunately, with the mysteries of the story unraveled, my second go-round lost much of the magic. There isn't much replay value here unless you just want to look at the scenery, which may very well be worthwhile in VR, but I can't comment on that from personal experience."
76561198050750789,Recommended,258520,15021913,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"You find items , things to use  , things of murderinspect them , then choose the right conclusion.There are also some puzzles you have to solve........................................................................the expected time to finish the game in 5 hrs , but i was just walking around to see how beautiful this game is.Graphics10-10 just awesome and run smoothly.Gameplay :it's complicated as start , cause i don't know what i'm doing  9-10Recommended for you if you like kind of this......................................................................"
,Recommended,258520,14445181,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Full Kebab Alchemist,"Her saniye görselliğine hayran bırakan, müzikleriyle sizi atmosferin içine sokan, gizemli ve bir o kadar tedirgin edici, tek üzücü noktası kısa olması olan ancak günümüz bir çok AAA oyun yapımcısına tokat gibi bir oyun olmuş, istenildiğinde maliyetsiz de şaheserler yapılabiliyormuş belli ki. Kısacası, oynamadan ölmeyin."
,Recommended,258520,34515392,Posted: 26 August,all,alexandra.pripu,"Click Play.Start New Game.Walk through a tunnel until you get outside.WOOOW! Take 10 landscape screenshots.Enter a railcar.Solve a murder.Walk outside.WOOOW! Take 73 landscape screenshots.Enter a mausoleum.Solve another murder.Walk outside.WOOOW! Take 127 landscape screenshots.Enter a mine.Solve another murder.Walk outside.WOOOW! Take 255 landscape screenshots.Enter a burned down house.Solve another murder.You don't walk outside.You start getting anxious about walking outside again.You desperately want to get outside again.You cry when the story ends and you don't get to see the outside again.The end.Watch the credits.Quit game.Think about how the outside world of this game will never match the outside world of your front door.Live inside this game until the end of your days.My scores are:10/10 for the visual graphics and particle effects.6/10 for the gameplay.5/10 for the music.3/10 for the story.I'm sorry that the least good aspect about this game is the story. For me, this aspect matters the most. 80% of the events and facts are left unexplained. All you know about is that Ethan and his family are affected by an evil force. But why and how it happened? Who or what it is this evil force? The game doesn't want you to know. It wants you to stroll through beautiful scenery until you go:""Uh, oh, a murder! I'll use my supernatural instincts to visualize what happened and ask no questions.""You walk around some more, looking at branches, rocks, dirt, and go again: ""Uh, oh, another murder! How nice!"".The only and truly wonderful thing about this game is its visual graphics. It is the only reason I hit recommend. If you want a much more deeper narrative experience, I don't recommend playing it."
,Recommended,258520,15201365,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"This is a stunningly beautiful adventure game played from the first person perspective. I did a mistake by calling such a game an FPS (see my Stanley Parable review) so in order to avoid the ranting of other gamers let's clarify that while it does resemble that particular genre it does not have any weapons at your disposal.You do not fight, you do not have boss battles, you do not even have levels to complete. You just walk in a vast, wonderfully crafted world and you are completely free to go anywhere you want to. You play a detective who arrives to the fictional area called Red Creek Valley to find a missing boy, Ethan Carter.You can inspect objects throughout the game and you also find several dead bodies. The idea of every ""section"" of the game it to find out how the people in question were killed and by whom. Once all items / objects are found / inspected, you can utilise your sense ability which enables you to reassemble the murder from the various ""memory"" fragments given. Once the chronological order is selected properly you can move onto the next piece of mystery.I can't say enough how good the graphics are in this game. The atmosphere (thanks to the accompanying sound effects and music) is just excellent and it makes you stop and look at your surrounding area several times. And the game lets you do that - there's no time limit and no way to die and reload. You are free to complete the mystery at your own leisure.Oh, yes, and while the game has excellent graphics it does run very well - I have to admit, though, I encountered some occasional stuttering which various forums seem to confirm. Hopefully, one patch will fix this as it is an underlying issue irrespective of the hardware you have for the game.To summarise: Ethan Carter is an interesting, new take on adventure gaming. In my opinion, it is a rather unique and wonderfully done software that - and this is important to highlight - may not be to everybody's liking. However, if you liked Dear Esther, Gone Home or Stanley Parable you may just as well enjoy this one."
76561198061988025,Not Recommended,258520,20129255,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,gio,"I like detective stories but I had the impression that this game doesn't have a plot, it has a hint of a plot: the introduction is even interesting - you're an occult-minded detective who received a letter of help from a boy (Ethan) - when you arrive. you have to investigate the murders of his relatives, but the puzzle scenes where you try to understand what happened are too easy, there are few (or none) explanations of what happened and the ending is just pretentious (when I finished the game, I was like: ""This ending is just too cool for this game!""). The graphic is outstanding even in the first version of the game (when I played it there wasn't the Redux) and the atmosphere is intriguing, but I think it's not worth it, I finished it just because buying a game and then not playing it is a waste of money. I'm sorry because the premise was interesting but I can't really recommend it."
,Recommended,258520,13137030,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Gamer4Life137,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an excellent game, and I would definitely recommend it (and I have). However, keep in mind that it is very short. By very short, I mean VERY short. I finished everything in under four hours. Everything. With that being said, it really is a great game. I wish there were more puzzles, and I wish some of the puzzles were better developed, but I still thoroughly enjoyed the ones that were there. The scenerey is the best I've ever seen. Seriously, it is gorgeous. The story is interesting, and as another revewer explained it, this whole game is basically poetry. While it is short, it is very deep. The controls are simple, and the gameplay is pretty straightforward.  Even though I enjoyed it while I was playing it, but I don't see myself coming back any time soon. Keep in mind its very short length. If the length is an issue, maybe wait for a discount to pick this one up. However, it is definitley worth playing.7.8/10+Scenery +Puzzles +Scenery +Interesting story  +Did I mention scenery?-Short -Few puzzles -Some underdeveloped puzzles"
76561198139180192,Recommended,258520,30806925,Posted: 28 March,all,Xylohphoxz,I did not realize this was a horror game until it was too lategood scenery though10/10 would get traumatized again
,Recommended,258520,14857863,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"I saw the trailer of this game even before its release. And, when I saw the beautiful scenery and the paranormal element in the trailer, I knew I want this game. Soon, it was released and not much later there was a discount, so I bought it. It had a promise of a mesmerizing game and it was! The gamer's perfect story, right?As to the details, there isn't much to tell. It is a beautiful game and that's the reason to buy it. The puzzle element isn't that difficult (once you've figured the mechanics). It's more about observance skills than intelligence. The story is influenced by macabre writings of such authors like H.P. Lovecraft, which I'm fan of. But ultimately it's very sad and leaves a touchmark of melancholy with you for some time.Apart from minor bugs and inconvenience with the launch screen, there are no faults in this game. And the developers are really polite and supportive.If you're looking for mesmerizing, atmospheric kind of game with some elements of mystery, then this game is for you. But take into account, you also need a pretty solid system to maximize your experience.My overall rating 10/10."
76561197960282791,Recommended,258520,12321740,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kyote,"This game is first and foremost, jaw-droppingly gorgeous. Immersive and beautiful, you will be sucked in. It's also haunting, contemplative, layered and complicated. It demands at least two playthroughs. The ending willl leave you stunned, then force you to immediately replay to see the whole game from a new light. It's that kind of twist, and that kind of awesome."
,Recommended,258520,24122564,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KenOD,"I enjoyed this game.I know there are those who decry these ""walking simulators"", aka exploration Adventure games, but I am not one of them. I can enjoy a game that when done right allows a person to explore a world and soak in the atmosphere while trying to figure out what the world is about and what mysteries it holds. I appreciate a game with visually pleasing artwork for me to walk through and take in, especially with some lovely vistas and other sights .Most importantly, I don't mind hunting down for clues and putting things in their places or reading/listening to be told what has occurred.So for me, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was a good game. A tale of mystery and death, strange happenings, and a certain somberness all in the setting of a child like view of small wooded town of the past.It is by no means a great game for me on the mystery front, where I rarely had trouble figuring out how the murders happened or how to solve a puzzle beyond the rare prompt not showing up the first time through, but for a once-through I enjoy the story as it went through much in the same way I would an old Amazing Fantasy, Outer Limits, or Twilight Zone, Ultra Q, and their kin because I was interested in what would happen next. Though I will say one thing took me by surprise that I had passed off previously when seeing the clues as an oh so standard static game image07:00 of the clocksIt's story was well done and that's always the main crux of an Adventure game of this ilk, and though I expected the ending, it held it's charm and let me walk away happy with my experience. Even the final achievement ties in well to the final bit, though it left me wanting more...Now perhaps because I was playing the original version, rather than redux but I did have some problems with the audio. I can pass off some complaints with it's ""out there"" or ""things are just not quite right"" atmosphere it's going for, but I did not care for sound just dropping out as though I entered a tunnel just by walking into a building nor the same sound for a trap ready to be sprung occurring in areas where no traps were present, and thus confusing me. Minor issues all together, but I thought it was worth mentioning as otherwise it's quite nice with headphones on.I'd recommend it to others who like exploration Adventure games, as long as you don't expect it to be a great mystery game or demand much in the way of puzzle solving with some potential ""where do I go now?"" if you miss a clue. Just play Redux."
,Recommended,258520,14544832,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Elocin30,"PLAYTIME: 5 hoursThis is a first person mystery game with light puzzles and has a rich and atmospheric setting. You play as a supernatural detective named Paul Prospero who is in search of a little boy named Ethan. On the way, he uncovers the secrets of the town's inhabitants and uncovers a mysterious murder mystery. I don't want to give too much away, however the ending was a bit heartwrenching.The graphics in this game are phenomenal and the music was nice.The story was engaging.There was one or two jump scares that I was not expecting, but they were nicely done."
,Recommended,258520,12245815,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lord Weh,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a slow and foreboding game that has you exploring a section of scenic countryside whilst trying to find a young boy who has gone missing (the titular Ethan Carter). You play a paranormal detective who is able to pick up clues from murder scenes to piece together what has happened. As you find a scene and investigate, you must figure out the sequence of events that led up to the murder, which will unlock a final extra scene giving further context to the killing.The scenery is beautiful, rivalling (and topping) the natural beauty found in games like Dear Esther. It could be described as a 'walking simulator' (apparantly a derogatory term for slower games where you wander the environment without killing anything), you don't use weapons or directly fight anything here, this game is rooted in exploration, investigation and a building sense of uneasiness. The story isn't exactly subtle with its fantasy, horror and sci-fi genre tropes, some of which really clash against the beautifully natural feeling of the world, forcing your suspension of disbelief early on. However, if you accept that the game goes to wacky crazy places, you can have some fun here.The story is both subtle and heavy handed at times, I recommend taking it slowly and reading every item and looking at environmental clues to get the full story."
,Recommended,258520,12240457,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Shakhar,"Played for an hour, have to share. The game looks amazing and the atmosphere!!! Oh, the atmosphere. You feel from the start this is gonna be a slow, creepy ride. Feelings of emptiness, lonliness are expressed perfectly. Investigation mechanics are fitting, visualization of a crime is awsome and gory. And the graphics are above anything I have ever seen. I have no idea how long the game will take, but my approach is exploratory, so i guess it will last some time. For 20 dolars it's a must"
,Not Recommended,258520,12586445,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,123,"Not much of a game, sadly. I was finished in about 2.5 hours. The puzzles are rather easy, there is no risk (You can't really die) and I had the story figured out about half way in. Looks beautiful though, but it's more of a hiking simulator."
,Recommended,258520,18156265,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,0dds_0f_Even,"To start things off The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a very beautiful game graphically & has a good settings menu but you might have to turn off the anti-aliasing to avoid game crashes while your playing.Even though the experience was a walking simulator the game had a good story, decent puzzles to solve (I really liked recreating murder scenes throughout the game) even though it was the same mechanic of using telepathy or something the entire time, I liked the amount of exploration in the game (Unleashing theKraken& visitingOuter Spacewas very unexpected to find to be honest), I wish more games didn't hold your hand because when your not coddled by checkpoints or whatever it just feels awesome to solve everything on your own & the only thing that bothered me about the game was the lack of a save system which is resolved in the Redux version.For the rest of the review I'll try to explain my view of the story.When the game ended I realized that everything wasn't real in the game as Ethan's family was trying to save him from an accidental house fire & the entire game was all an escapist fantasy for him while he was unconscious since Ethan looked back at his life at how his family didn't respect his talents (A few of his family members might have been abusive too I don't know?) with writing so he was dreaming up one of his story characters Paul Prospero to save him from himself as The Sleeper.The murder scenes were a way for Ethan to express how he really felt towards his abusive & disrespectful family because he wanted them to suffer as much as possible but at the end maybe the family might finally apologize to him I'm not sure. When you the player were exploring Outer Space in the forest area & releasing the Kraken in the mines it was a way of telling the player on Ethan's influences on writing which were H.P. Lovecraft, Jules Verne, Edgar Allan Poe, H.G. Wells & many other authors whenever he went to the attic to find new ideas for stories to share to his family.When I found a bank letter in the mines I understood some part of Ethan's neglect from his family since the Dad owed money or something so when the family went poor they took their aggression to their introverted son Ethan who was talented with literature. Another thing about the murders is that the sick fantasies Ethan had while he was unconscious was his way to stay awake & his dad commiting suicide through one of his murder fantasies helped him stay conscious a little while longer through the smoke.Overall I can understand the amount of awards the game got, it's a good game that makes you think & if I missed anything feel free to leave feedback."
,Recommended,258520,12358306,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Tomato,"Possible the most beautiful (in a realistic way) game out there.The pure beauty of nature exists here right besides Stephen King-like creepiness in this brilliant story about stories.You may confuse it with the games like Dear Esther, but it would be not very cose to the truth - the story here is built rather straightforward and consequent, even though you will experience some plot twists and discoveries. Also it really does have gameplay with some of pretty great puzzles.Short, but rather brilliant game. Will definitely replay it in the future."
,Recommended,258520,31352773,Posted: 25 April,all,cheeseandcereal,"Note: I played the Redux version of the game, which was redone for Unreal Engine 4, and is added to your library automatically when purchasing this standard version.Beautiful.By FAR the most beautiful gaming experience available. Screenshots from regular gameplay look nearly photo-realistic. Even if this game didn't have any story, wandering around in the scenery enjoying the landscape would be sufficient for me to recommend this game. It's truly a marvel of graphic design for a video game.With the simple beauty of the game out of the way, there is an actual story as well. This is a mystery themed walking-sim with a few horror-esque elements thrown in (although it's certainly not horror focused). Learning the story as you go can be a bit confusing, but when the ending cutscene played, the whole story finally came together and made sense. It was definitely well told, and a strongpoint of the game as a whole.There are some ""puzzle"" elements, however these are closer to ""find the thing"" rather than what I would call a ""puzzle"" (with maybe a couple exceptions) (which isn't necessarily bad). The gameplay is not difficult, nor are the puzzles, so don't come in expecting a challenge.This IS a walking sim, so the main point is to explore, discover, and investigate as you uncover more of the landscape and the story.I also need to mention the soundtrack is also great, and definitely enhances the experience, although note the soundtrack is largely atmospheric, so barring a couple exceptions of a few specific songs, you probably won't be going to download and/or listen to the soundtrack as standalone music (unless you're into more atmospheric music).Overall, in my eyes, this is the golden standard for a walking a sim. Absolutely the best graphics, and thus some of the best atmosphere compared to quite literally any other game in existence. Great story telling, no hand holding, no restriction on exploration (barring the edges of the maps), and a great pacing and overall length.It's short enough that you could complete the game completely in one extended sitting, but it will more likely take 2 or 3 sittings to fully complete. As far as walking sims go, I would consider this a good length, although some people may call this short (I doubt anyone could get much more than maybe 8 hours, probably more realistically around 4-6 hours).Honestly, this game is worth it just for the graphics, and to revel in its beauty and see just how far gaming has come. Just look up gameplay screenshots and you'll see what I mean."
,Recommended,258520,14466444,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Laurence,"One of the best detective / exploration games I have ever playedgood points:- Outstanding visuals, sharpest textures I have ever seen in videogames, great lighting effects etc.- wonderful voice acting and well written- challenging puzzles with little twists that I've never seen before- pretty good story- nice and short (3-4 hours) depends on you if you like thatbad points:- pretty hard to run on older pcs"
76561198213666149,Recommended,258520,25296846,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mudragreas,"A mix of a Walking Simulator and a 3D Hidden object.I find both genres utterly boring in general.Puzzles were mentioned, but finding hidden objects is no puzzle solving. Resolving sequences of seemingly unrelated events, neither (although it can get pretty intriguing).A few items were collected, but no inventory. Not that it that it would be of much use.Just to be sure that I took the grenade before saving, without having to go all the way back to check.No map either. That would be of much use. Or, at least, a compass. After all, the forests have a reputation of disorienting the non-elven races. A minimal story was there. Not a bad one, to be sincere, but too short nonetheless. Hadn't I wasted so much time in random forest walks (evening tea not included), it would have taken about an hour to finish.Yet I somehow liked this game.Somehow, while aimlessly wandering with the petty excuse of searching for clues (actually admiring great landscapes in an almost totally inanimate world) the game managed to create an atmoshpere that thrilled me. Sometimes even scared me, for no apparent reason.Well, I managed to die once. (which must be some kind of a negative record).Once is perfect. Not too many to become frustrating, but enough to keep you thrilled.Perhaps the previous, enthusiastic critics clouded my judgement. Or, meyhaps, I've grown too old, and too cheap, and got carried away by the amazing artistic work, both in music and visuals (in expense of an actual gameplay). Or it was beacause of the smaller things, as the relaxing experience of using a joypad and moving at my own pace.Sometimes I imagine the game makers, having created a great 3d-modelled enviroment, coupled by an excellent soundrack, and then struggling to give the gamer a purpose to wander in it. From this point of view they did a great work. Definitely not overdoing it.In conclusion, yes I'd recommend it. Not a 20$ recommend, but on a discount it is a very good offer. After all, and despite having to install both game versions just for reviewing it, the fact that they provide fresher graphics for free (in the era of payable useless DLCs) is something I really appreciate."
76561197997678124,Recommended,258520,15341664,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,fragkitten,"Wow. Where to begin with this title?The Vanishing of Ethan Carter takes you on not only a mental but an emotional journey through the eerily abandoned town of Red Creek Valley in search of a misunderstood little boy.Music: 10/10I loved the music! It took me to another place as I explored the town assembling pieces of the story.Gameplay: 7/10Nothing super different or ground breaking, but still very solid. Almost gave it an 8.Story: 10/10Amazing. Breathtaking. Astonishing. Bittersweet. There aren't many games where I actually care about what's going on or why. This game had me completely pulled in. Hook, line, and proverbial sinker.Replayability: 7/10This has the dust off replayability quality to it. Once you've gone through once or twice and completed the achievements, this will probably be a title you 'pull off the shelf' and play on a rainy afternoon indoors or when you're wanting to play through a story that you know is good.Atmosphere: 10/10Immersive! I play with a fancy Logitech surround sound headset and it really made the game just that more amazing. What I feel like I need to do now is experience this bad boy on an occulus.All of that being said, I feel like the $20 is just a hair too high. I picked it up for $10 and found that to be quite fair. This speaks nothing to the quality of the game as I have given this a glowing reccommendation. The story is simply a bit short and  since I am about to play through in less than an hour, $20 seemed a bit pricey. If you are a true fan of the game though, I'm sure the game is worth every penny.Buy this game! And if you're feeling skeptical, wait for Summer/Xmas sale and pick it up cheap! You'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,258520,12361284,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MNSS,"Incredible, excellent, strange ...I can not find the words.Great music, excellent graphics, an original storyline ... and an incredible ending, one would expect the least.We found you Ethan Carter.11 caps of 10, one of the best games in recent years."
76561198008590164,Recommended,258520,23589442,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,doomonyou87,"Hauntingly beautiful. Mystery, sadness, wonder, careful you don't lose yourself in this game....."
,Recommended,258520,12455452,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SciBear,"This game is a masterpiece.  Beautiful, but fun to play.  Well written, scary, fun, sad, thoughtful."
76561198220149681,Recommended,258520,33155888,Posted: 2 July,all,田口アレックス,"It's so much more than just a simple murder mystery.Immersive atmosphere, great narrative, breathtaking visuals.Red Creek Valley is beautiful."
76561198068806335,Recommended,258520,16471690,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,frogprincess_q4,"A little slow at times and the narrative feels a little clumsy and childish at others, but when I came to the end I realised that it was more of an elegant pastiche than anything else (then I had to go look up pastiche to make sure that the word was indeed the right one).The controls are nice to use, the graphics are attractive, it took me quite a while to work out how the game mechanics actually work (embarrassingly long perhaps), but once I did they felt solid and intuitive.I doubt this is everyone's cup of tea. I have seen it referred to as a ""walking simulator"" by another reviewer and in some ways that's true, but overall I am glad that I played this game. I feel like I went on a journey and arrived somewhere that I didn't expect, but in a good way."
,Recommended,258520,12276069,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,satsun,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a visually-pleasing story walkthrough with puzzle elements to it. The amount of puzzles and the amount of downtime you have between them makes the pace of the game fairly enjoyable.Took me a little over 3 hours to complete.
,Recommended,258520,12784733,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ztatik-X,"The game has many interesting moments and is very unique in how it plays amongst today's games, almost playing like a novel. However, the end seems very rushed, giving the feeling of a total cop-out, with almost the entire plot being open to interpretation and no definitive closure actually being given. Towards the end (which I didn't realise it would be at the time) I was very hopeful for more plot to unveil, but then suddenly finished the game and was left with more questions (in a negative way, not positive) than a sense of completion.Philosophically and visually, this game is very enjoyable but the let down of the seemingly rushed plot towards the end means that this game isn't worth the price tag in my opinion. I believe more depth on each character's actions and their turn of events would be required to make this game truly great, and it could've easily been one of the most unique and thought-provoking games of today if more tangible events had been included.Pros:- Stunning graphics that will have you stopping quite often simply to take in the scenery.- Excellent take on story telling; very unique and novel-like.- Audio is generally very captivating.- Very immersive, could be a perfect game for oculus rift.Cons:- Plot can be very 'patchy' with a lack of definitive information.- Late-game seems very very rushed with a lack of build up and leading between events.- End game feels like a cop-out in comparison to the rest of the game; it just suddenly finishes.- Voice acting can be sub par as well as character models.- Graphical glitches and slight performance issues can affect immersion negatively.- No allowance of quicksaving could be detrimental to individuals' freedom of progression.- Short play time (4/5 hours) is only made a problem by the strange, uneven pacing.Generally I would recommend this game, however be warned that although it seems very well made at first, the lack of developer experience (in this rare genre of game) pokes through once you've completed the game and look back on your experience. If there is a sequel or expansion planned then this would be more understandable but this shouldn't have to be the case either way.A score of 70/100 would almost be generous, but will be given simply because the generally enjoyable aspects of the game can outweigh the many annoyances scattered throughout the story."
,Recommended,258520,23507587,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gharren,"(don't mind my playtime, I mostly played the Redux version)Wow. What should I say about this. I played this game for about 15 minutes and instantly knew that it's going to be amazing. How this game creates immersion is almost unparalleled in my experience. The graphics are absolutely fantastic, no other game ever had me literally admiring a piece of brickwork. The Stephen King-esque supernatural mystery/horror story creates a tight atmosphere that grips you from start to end. The game allows you to seamlessly roam a vast island and progress at your own pace, solving gruesome murders along the way and putting the pieces together. The narrative is superb, keeping things vague throughout the game and ending with impact. The Astronauts, some major applause to you for creating this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,258520,18023180,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Borracho,"Very well written ambient mystery. Give it an evening, it'll stay with you for much longer."
,Recommended,258520,32950359,Posted: 28 June,all,iamninjoe,"The graphics are beautiful. The story is well-paced and well-thought over. There is only one hiccup in the story that may jar you out of the experience. It's a side mission that involves what I can only describe as Slender-esque gameplay, since I don't want to spoil too much. This is one of those games like The Stanley Parable that work amazingly well if you dive into it not knowing what to expect. At the beginning of the game, there is a warning that says that it will not hold your hand throughout the experience. That is kind of true. The puzzles are mostly easy to figure out and requires little to no research (walkthroughs) to complete. I beat this with my friend in one night, 3 hours straight. It was worth it. Dark, depressing, mysterious, perfect."
,Recommended,258520,15089928,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is, first and foremost, a really beautiful game. Some former employees of People Can Fly were responsible for this game, and apparently they got the employee who knew all about making beautiful enviroments. So there's a bunch of rotting old machinery among woodland forests, but it's organized so thoughtfully and animated so well that it all just seems perfectly natural and you're immersed in fears of tetanus and hidden mountain lions. Mountain lions are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.The second - and this is a huge point of contention for people as to whether the game should be bought - is pretty much a supernatural murder mystery played out between sparse puzzles in stretches of beautiful woodland forest over three hours for twenty bucks. There are some nice puzzles on display - supernatural elements play into the game heavily here, all punctuated at the end by a story written by the title character. I assure you it's not an obnoxious Stephen King style 'oooh, the little kid's imagination is special, call the ♥♥♥♥ing Overlook Hotel and ask for Mr. Torrance' plot point. There's variation, but not much of it. At one point, you have the opportunity to play a Splendaman-style (featuring the titular Splendaman character, who is Ryan Gosling of 'Drive' fame sneaking up on housewives to sell them sucralose-based sweetener) 'find the six corpses to unlock the exit' type puzzle, so I hope that all the Youtube Let's Players have bought this to scream in terrified horror at the broken oil lamps or bunnies in broad daylight. The annoying thing is, you have to stop and solve all of the murder mysteries before you can get to the end of the game, which I didn't feel the sting of because I'm the kind of smarty-man detective who worked out the murders as I went along. AND I did the house puzzle without any pen or paper, because I have a wonderful taste for ghost towns and old house layouts. So nyeh.It's a decent game, but if you don't think it's worth the price, wait for a Steam sale. And do not, under any circumstances, use the comment section to complain about price or I will throw a battery at you."
,Recommended,258520,15766113,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mordamir,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter may well have been the most visually stunning game I've ever played. The experience is enhanced by the terrific job done by the voice actor playing Paul Prospero - you, the protagonist - as well as a music score that knows when to leave the background and sting you when the time is right.Gameplay-wise, it's a first-person puzzle game-slash-visual-narrative in which the puzzles blend seamlessly into the story. You are a detective looking to solve a mystery. Piecing things together is your life's work, so here's an example of a perfect marriage between narrative device and game mechanics. User interface is simple and unobtrusive, interaction cues popping into view only and only when they're absolutely necessary, most of the time leaving the screen entirely available for the tasty pieces of eye candy the game throws at you.All in all, an intense albeit short experience which I emphatically recommend. Indeed, upon reaching the end of the game (which should take between 3 and 5 hours, depending on how often you stop to smell the flowers), unless you've got a heart filled with sand, you're bound to feel the game's emotional toll. Truly a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,258520,14165700,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zacharuni,"Do yourself a favor and read as little as possible on this game. Although short, the game manages to hold an incredible amount of story, depth, and weight into a timeframe that doesn't overstay it's welcome. Unbelievable visuals in a world that not only rewards, but requires, exploring. If you enjoy puzzle/mystery games, this will certainly top your list.Pros:+ A story that builds wonderfully throughout it's short stay.+ Did I mention the unbelievable visuals? A screeenshotter's playground.+ Incredible sense of atmosphere. Headphones definitely recommended.Cons:- The directional/positional audio in the game is sometimes jarring and sudden. Certain ambient sounds cut in and out from taking a few steps, while entering and exiting rooms can suddenly wash in an entirely new atmosphere. This was the only time I felt the immersion of the game break, and it's frequent enough to remember throughout my playthrough.- Certain pixels lit up red when looking into the distance. A frequent occurrence, but potentially an isolated one due to my configuration.Anxiously looking forward to The Astronaut's next release. A developer that has shown they are capable of making an incredible experience."
76561197969970252,Recommended,258520,14443964,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,FabulousSoldier,"It took me about six hours to complete The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. And it was worth it!Beautiful graphics and a great soundtrack create a haunting atmosphere and wonderfull living world.You are put into an open world environment, in which you can roam around and explore at will. Just exploring this beautiful world alone is worth your money. But you are here to solve crimes, and find out what happened to a young boy named Ethan Carter. Step for step you unravel more mysteries on your quest for Ethan.Exploring, puzzles, story, atmosphere, soundtrack - this game has it all."
,Recommended,258520,15217233,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,GalerianXD1,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is quite honestly unlike any video game I've ever played before. It really wasn't what I was expecting and it's hard to decribe what I mean by that. It's often bewildering, sometimes strange, but it's always intriguing. Yes ok so it's played from a first person perspectvie and you have walk about looking at stuff to find those all important clues and like any mystery game there are notes and letters just dropped on the ground for the player to discover. Familiar game mechanics? Of course they are, but in this game they do tell a fascinating supernatural story and are definetly not filler or collectibles.You play the game as Paul Prospero 'a supernatural detective' and I imagine him as a cigar smoking, fedora wearing type not unlike Columbo, but I don't want to put images in your head. Anyway you've been summoned via a handwritten letter to Red Creek Valley by Ethan Carter, a young boy who appears to be in some kind of trouble and it is clear that he is going to need your help and to do that you'll need to don that fedora and do some investigating.As you examine the clues you find in the game world and interactive with objects Propsero’s inner thoughts are displayed on screen. Subtle clues to help you gather evidence and fit the pieces together. Find the correct order and the events are played back in supernatural film-reel style with a blue filter that act as cut scenes progressing the story.A point to note is that the game makes it very clear even before you start out on your journey that ""This game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand."" That means there are no quest markers, no maps, no golden Fable-esq trail to follow. Just your own noggin to guide you. There are just a few clues to discover in the game world and you must explore, explore and explore. The world is a very beautiful place though and you'll frequently find yourself stopping just to admire the view. It would be unfair to just praise the visuals as the the musical score is equally beautiful, but also subtle and haunting, fitting perfectly with exploration and discovery.If you are into narrative experiences with lots of exploring required and a thought-provoking backstory to encourage you forward then you will definitely enjoy The Vanishing of Ethan Carter."
,Recommended,258520,18138413,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,-TexWiller-,"Quite short, story driven exploration game in an open world style environment with some puzzles. Puzzles are relatively easy to solve. Storyline is interesting and keeps you on the game to the end. The game doesn't hold your hand as it says in the game, so you might find yourself a bit lost at the beginning.I loved the atmosphere and the story, played it through on one sitting. I would recommend this for everyone, except for those that only appreciate action, as this is slow pacing and has very little of anything else then exploration.Pros:+ Visually stunning (Even more stunning in Redux version with UE4).+ Interesting storyline and puzzles.+ Great music/sound/voice acting.Cons:- Relatively short (took me 6 hours to go through).- Quite easy puzzles (some might see this as a good thing)- No custom game saving (fixed in Redux version).Remember to play the redux version that you get if you have the game in steam."
,Recommended,258520,29767931,Posted: 7 February,all,ArrrCee,"Many people say that this is a glorified walking simulator and while there is a lot of walking in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, there is also a lot of puzzle solving. It's interesting, weird and “hard to understand without a guide” puzzle solving, but it's much more than walking.Please keep in mind that this playthrough was for the ""redux"" version. That version apparently doesn't have reviews applied to it on Steam.I got the chance to play The Vanishing of Ethan Carter during a day when I was at home sick. That meant I had a good uninterrupted play-through of the game, which I fully recommend if you're going to play it. From what I gather from the story (more on that in a second), you're a detective who has come to a small abandoned town to solve the mystery of a boy named Ethan Carter who has gone missing. I’m not sure who called you or why you’re there in the first place, however, it's immediately apparent that there is MUCH more to this town than just a missing boy.There are many things to like about Ethan Carter. One is the fact that it is a gorgeous game. The landscapes and environments are top notch and for a game where 70% of your job is walking around this small town, that's important. I found myself taking pictures at many times where there was no story being told, just because it looked so beautiful!Also, the atmosphere and overall feeling of the game is just something that doesn't seem to exist in other games. This town you're investigating truly feels abandoned and creepy and you're never sure what you're going to stumble upon next!However, there are some issues with the game as well. As a game where a lot of walking takes place, the movement can feel super slow at times. There is a run button, but it doesn't make your character move all that much faster. As small as the town is, I think the game could've done well with some sort of fast travel system. Especially when you find out you have to back track a bit when you haven't solved certain scenes. Finding out you have to return to where you started from the last crime scene in the game is kind of a let down.For some, the story might be an issue, as the game doesn't divulge the last 75% of the story until the very end. If you're ok with going through a mysterious, abandoned town and not fully know why things are happening until the end, then you should be fine. However, even the ending, while it gives you an idea of what happened in this town, it doesn't completely fill you in.The positive part about the story it is that all of the good and creepy stuff feels like it's right out of a Stephen King novel or a Twin Peaks episode. I found reading through Ethan's short stories to be some of the best stuff in the game, next to the visuals.The pace of the walking and the story would be forgivable if it weren't for this next thing that got on my nerves. It's obvious that the team behind this wanted to create a murder mystery that felt like Myst or another similar walking while puzzle solving game. The issue is that Myst was created back in the early nineties. 20 years later, we should've learned from such a game that explaining a few things about how your game works isn't bad!The game starts by telling you that they will not be holding your hand in this adventure. Fine, I get it, you want us to figure out the mysteries ourselves. However, what this actually means is that the game has no tutorial whatsoever, and you're left to your own devices to sort of figure everything out.In this game, you will be trying to solve and put together how a crime scene happened. I managed to get to about the mid-point of the game when I realized how it’s actually supposed to work. The issue is that there are several crime scene investigation parts and then there are other random puzzles. Sometimes it can be hard to figure out which is which when you stumble upon them.On top of that, the game doesn't give you a lick of information on how to start looking into these crimes. I had fun with the game, but after the first 2 hours and then not progressing for a bit, it's hard to know where to go, what to inspect, what to do and all the while you're slowly wondering around this town looking for clues. You could be hot, you could be cold, but you won't know until you stumble upon a clue.Perhaps this is what they were going for? They wanted it to feel like you were really solving the case and you had to solve the cases with nothing but your wits...and paranormal powers. However, I think putting a quick few notes within the first crime scene, or even a small help guide in the options would’ve been just fine to help the player out a bit. If you don’t want to help with the optional puzzles, I get it. But it would’ve been nice to not have to look at a quick spoiler free guide on Steam to help (though I will say that I am very glad it exists, because it helped!).This is a tough one for me to decide on recommending or not. I enjoyed it and didn't mind a little help from a spoiler free guide, but not having the basics explained to you during the game is a real killer. I'm going with recommending it, with the caveat that you should really read about what you're getting into here before taking the plunge. Getting it cheap doesn’t hurt either, if you just want to see the beautiful visuals."
76561198120356023,Recommended,258520,29746821,Posted: 6 February,all,Insane Wraith,"I only have on complaint about this game. It was a little on the short side. That being said this game was a work of art and it's not hard to see that a lot of love was put into not only the graphics but also the story. This is not a survival horror, but more of mystery solving experience with horror elements and twist ending that you'll think about long after you turn off the game. If it's a good story you're looking for, this is a game worth investing in."
,Recommended,258520,14198614,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dan958,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was a video game that just popped out of nowhere for me, I hadn’t really read anything about it up to it’s release, or much after. It was only when I saw that one of my favourite Youtubers, Sips_ , uploaded a play-through of it that I decided to check it out. I quickly saw that it was a story driven game that I would not want to ruin my watching a video, so I didn’t.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was developed and published by an unknown developed called The Astronauts, but this team is made up of some well known people (including Adrian Chmielarz, who was the director of People Can Fly) It is really lovely to see a small team of developers get together like this and make a game extremely refreshing and delightful to play.The story of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is really one that you need to play for yourself, do not try and watch a few ‘Let’s Play’ videos of it because this game is a wonderful experience that will be ruined if you just watch someone else play it. The game starts of with the introduction of the character you are playing in this tale, and that is a supernatural detective called Paul Prospero. Paul received a fan letter from a young lad, Ethan Carter (who has…well…vanished) This letter described supernatural on-goings that no young boy should experience. Already knowing of Ethan’s disappearance, Paul has made it his mission to find out what is going on in the small town of Red Creek Valley, and to find the young Ethan Carter before it is too late.  Want to know more of the story? Well I am not going to spoil anything, play it yourself!The Vanishing of Ethan Carter  is a first person detective game, with the events that Ethan Carter has suffered through have already completed. It is your job (well, Paul’s job) to find those clues scattered around and to put them into chronological order to how you believed it had happened – you will then see the story behind those clues. Each part to the story is split into different scenes, the clues are located in roughly the same area so that you won’t be trawling through the map trying to find clues that you may have missed – as long as you make sure you don’t just run through everything without paying attention, but you won’t have to run from one end of the map to the other because you missed one clue. Be sure to read all notes and stories that Ethan has left behind for somebody to read, they are all gems.The story takes you through a few different locations in Red Creek Valley, and all these locations are as beautiful as the next.  The Vanishing of Ethan Carter may be the best looking game I have ever played, no over-reaction.  I spent the first couple of hours just wandering around taking screenshots to upload to my Steam profile, that is how beautiful it is – I even posted these screenshots onto websites and people would be astonished and ask what game it was!  I am amazed at the sheer effort The Astronauts went through to make these photo-realistic scenes, there is a wonderful article written by Andrzej Poznanski on The Astronauts website about how they achieved this,http://www.theastronauts.com/2014/03/visual-revolution-vanishing-ethan-carter/it is a great read.What is a great looking game with no atmosphere? The sounds in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter were as top notch as everything else. Just walking through the woodlands and hearing the wind gently whistling past with the steps my character made as he walked through some thick grass was nothing short of immersing, I really did feel like I was in the game – in the story. Gently playing in the background was the soundtrack to the game which was composed by Mikołaj Stroiński, who has also worked on the upcoming Witcher 3 Wild Hunt. The soundtrack was very peaceful, relaxing and something I would definitely buy and have on my iPod (in fact, I may check to see if they sell the OST now) Whenever I hear the music that was in the game, It instantly takes me back to the game and the great experience that I had – and in my opinion, that is what makes a good soundtrack.The game ran very well on my GTX 980 and i7 4770k and I was getting constant 60 frames per second with only minimal drops from time to time. I was playing on the highest settings on 1080p, but there were plenty of alterations you could make to the quality of the game. If your PC is a bit older, drop a few of the settings and it will still look great.All in all, I would highly recommend buying The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. If you are not much into story driven games where you are not running around shooting people – then this game may not be for you, but anyone who loves a good story with a sit back and relax nature to it (except one of the missions!) then definitely pick this up. The game spans around 5 hours, so if you are not sure if the game is for you, you may wish to wait until a sale or until it drops a bit in price – but at the current value, I would recommend it.For more reviews, head over tohttp://www.ordinarygamer.co.uk/2015/01/27/the-vanishing-of-ethan-carter-review/."
76561198141596761,Recommended,258520,27934571,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Doomguy,"This game has impacted me a great deal. Perhaps like none other before. While fairly short, around 6 hours when looking in every nook and cranny (my playtime is in the Redux version), I never felt so invested before. Partly because of the brilliant graphics, partly because of the setting and mood and also the mysterious story...for me, this game is the synonym for immersion. If you like stories by Edgar A. Poe or H.P. Lovecraft, you are in for a ride. Once again, this gem has proven games to be an artform, because it's like looking at beautiful paintings in an art gallery - and this piece of art will forever hold a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,258520,13651478,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,carnivalnights,"Despite the game's visual beauty, and though I would not place this game in the horror genre, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a macabre story depicting several horrific and depressing deaths in a very immersive and atmospheric world set in the desolate Red Creek Valley.  It combines point-and-click adventure with detective and mystery genres, spotted with a few puzzles and many flashbacks from the dead. The dark forces behind this story follow you throughout the game but do not progress beyond “creepy” or “grim.”Protagonist and narrator Paul Prospero is a seasoned detective with supernatural abilities that allow him to visualize the chronology and detail of crimes after piecing together evidence. Since you play as this single living character in the game, your skills are the only way to uncover the mysterious story of Ethan, a young boy who writes to you with a very disturbing problem. As you wonder through the game, you slowly uncover bits and pieces of Ethan’s story and disappearance, solving murders one-by-one, all in a non-linear fashion that allows you to go at your own pace and venture backwards if you miss something.Though you cannot die in the game, the opening screen does warn, “This game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand.” The game’s focus is exploration, relying on your observation skills to proceed and uncover the pieces of the story. There are no tips, no maps, no character interactions and no instructions – it’s just you and the forest. Most of the time, there are a couple of cues to let you know you have cleared an area, usually the flashback of a character’s final moments. You have limited abilities: walk, run, crouch, interact. And there is no combat. This game is entirely story-driven and certainly atmospheric in terms of visuals, mood and environment.This game is a visual and auditory masterpiece. With the use of photogrammetry technology, the open world created here is painstakingly realistic and overwhelmingly stunning. Aside from pieces of the game that explore houses and a mine, it is entirely outdoors – during daylight – and full of rich forestry sprinkled with bodies of water. You can climb rock peaks in certain areas to get a better view, and even the far and distant scenery is texture-rich and detailed. Sun peaks through the trees, piercing the shadows, and it will sometimes fill your screen as you turn a corner into a clearing. A beautiful instrumental soundtrack accompanies you throughout the game (the theme is particularly luring), changing from scene to scene, but is in no way obtrusive to the other auditory genius of the game: wind blowing, leaves falling, bird chirping, branches creaking, rustling undergrowth, breezes swaying trees and grass, and your constant footsteps, changing slightly depending on what is beneath you (grass, branches, rock, water) and whether you are walking or running. All perfectly timed and all authentic. The grim storyline is pierced with these wonderfully peaceful nature highlights.The game can be completed in roughly four hours, but it was a very much enjoyed four hours for me. There are two not-so-obvious achievements, but other than those, you will be able to obtain 12/14 just by completing the game. Though a lot of indie games tend to have at least a few bugs or glitches, I did not personally come across a single one during my gameplay, which was very impressive. Also, Steam lists this game as having Partial Controller Support but I was able to use my Xbox controller throughout the game without ever having to resort to a mouse, even in the menus, just in case anyone was curious.Though two very different games, if you were a fan of Murdered: Soul Suspect, you will likely enjoy this. The games share many similar elements, including the investigative elements and the supernatural elements like flashbacks in order to reveal story. Both plots are very unique and have not been done before.As short as it was, this has been one of my favourite games of 2014. Even if you have no interest in the story, it deserves a playthrough simply for the visuals. Stunning game with a very interesting story."
,Recommended,258520,16271892,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Monsieur-Owly,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter includes the following ingredients :One huge map,An amazing graphic engine,Lots of artistic sceneries,An interesting plot,Some supernatural theme,Well thought puzzles,First Person perspective,And modern controls.A refreshing take on the Point & Click genre.Truly a work of art!Rating:9.0"
,Recommended,258520,23943826,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hapax,"Graphically astonishing and atmospherically imposing, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the best walking simulators I have played. The writing, chock-full of noir platitudes and smug nods to pulp/weird fiction, is neatly justified with a clever twist in the ending. The puzzles are not implausible; the flavour text offers an engaging breadcrumb trail to the observant player. It doesn't hold the player's hand, as the devs deign to warn in the caveat, but it does hold our attention.The redux version is definitely more impressive and has a more stable framerate, but the original version leaves nothing to be desired. My first playthrough was on the original; the second on the redux right after. A blast was had in both.Brief and to the point, an interactive nonlinear narrative with no tricks up its sleeve. A story is told and told well. It lacks something in replay value, but you could probably go back to it at some point to walk through the woods and listen to the soothing soundtrack."
76561198070384430,Recommended,258520,15158808,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,neurosci91,"Beautiful graphics, simplistic game style and creepy mystery vibe to the story.10/10 would chase that random astronaut through the forest again."
76561198059202961,Not Recommended,258520,12397446,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BetrayedPsn,"Overall a graphicly stunning and interesting concept. However playing throught the entire game in just under 3 hours left a lot to be desired. Its a decent game with interesting characters and the like, but its simply not worth the price tag for only 3 hours of gameplay. Also the gameplay is rather lackluster, with the main character simply trekking across the world, it can get a tad bit dull. My recommendation would be to invest in it it during one of the sales. Otherwise its a story you could probably do without for the pricepoint. Not to mention the ending is quite cliche.6/10"
76561198011965365,Recommended,258520,33388131,Posted: 8 July,all,Saint Aaron,Stunning graphics and sound. Great story line as well with excellent voice acting. More like an interactive movie than a game. Definitely worth getting
,Recommended,258520,17128285,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheSlayeЯ-,... Can't Describe . 10/10
,Recommended,258520,12242167,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,TheyCallMeDan,"There are very few games I've ever played that've kept me glued to the controller (or keyboard) and wouldn't let me go! I can safely say having JUST beaten, or rather, SOLVED the Vanishing of Ethan Carter, that the Astronauts have taken atmospheric & subtle-narrative storytelling to the next level in gaming. Allow me to share just a few of the pros and cons I had with the VoEC...PROS:+Incredible Atmosphere - there were moments where I actually BELIEVED there was actually a Red Creek Valley+Stunning Visuals - whether it was the limbs & leaves of the trees blowing in the wind or the dark & dusty remnants of a foyer in a long forgotten house, a TON of effort was placed in achieving NEAR photorealism w/textures.+Compelling Story - just when you think you have the story nailed down, its slips right from under you and only perplexes you even more! (which only adds to make you want to finish it even more)+CREEPY FACTOR! - Now normally this is something that I'd chalk up to the 'spooky' atmosphere or jump scares, but the thing was...there WEREN'T any of the cliche' scares of old. I was constantly looking behind my shoulder to turn and see...NOTHING I was just flatout scared! (immediately regretting playing this game in the dark w/my headphones on)+Puzzle Mechanics - there's nothing more satisfying that finding every clue and placing each step of the 'death' in chronological order. This isn't just a walk in the park, you have to THINK and WORK at it, but you feel a great sense of satisfaction knowing you're moving the story along and getting one step closer to finding Ethan.CONS:-- Um...let me think...-- Just give me a sec...-- DONT PRESSURE ME!! Geez-- Oh yeah, I beat the game in 6 hours...it was short, but forgivable since I felt strangely COMPELLED to finsih the gameThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game that all future indie & mainstream games of similar genre should aspire to be like. The game shows that it can create for a memorable experience w/o the multi-million dollar budget of a $$$ or zombies, quicktime events, or jump-scares. What the team of Astronauts have done is perfected the minimalist approach to gaming, but yielded an adventure into darkest depths of the human psyche & supernatural world for a game not soon to be forgotten!Good luck to all those playing and here's to those on the fence considering buying it (JUST DO IT!)"
,Recommended,258520,17366283,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Princess Heather🌺,"""If this warning stands, walk no further.If this warning stands, our ritual failed.If this warning stands, the sea-thing gate remains sealed."" (c)This game is perfect. It scared me out, it was filled with atmosphere of Hovard Lovecraft's stories, it isamazing.""The vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is similar to the ""Dear Esther"". The protagonist, Paul Prospero, is the famous detective with paranormal abilities.  As we playing him, we walk around Red Creek Valley, hark Paul's monologues and, of course, find something, that distinguishes this game from ""Dear Esther"". Detective Prospero is able to seep through the dimension, he literally could go back in time. Thus, at the beginning of the game, as we get out of the railroad tracks, we encounter the traps, set in the forest. Once the player finds all traps, he can see a picture of the past and find a note, Ethan's story, which is called ""Sap"". Of course, the game doesn't make you to look for all traps, but player is free to do what he wants. Do you want to stay in the beginning and look for something interesting? You can do it! Do you want to go ahead, go out to the bridge, for example, and, do you see this house on the hill? You can go there, no problem!The most important thing, and, that's what make the game pretty darn exciting, is opportunity to investigate the murders. And not just to find the instruments of crime, but also to recreate the picture of what happened and see how things were in fact and how it affected on the boy, Ethan, whom we're trying to save.Throughout the game the player can collect all the Ethan's stories (which, in my opinion, are very interesting). They won't affect the plot, but I personally recommend to walk around all of the available territory, and try to find them all, because these stories just add nice atmosphere to the game.What I would like to mention, for the whole game we found onlyonemonster, which, of course, will try to kill us. It appears only once in game and he's not very difficult, though, to say honestly, I was very scared the first time I saw him.In such games two issues are the most common: the atmosphere and the ending. In ""The vanishing of Ethan Carter"" developers have avoided these problems. They managed to create a wonderful, shrill atmosphere, and that's why you'd like to come back to this game. And, of course, ending of game... It was damn cool. I don't want spoilers in my review (:In general, ""The vanishing of Ethan Carter"" turned out to cheer. If you're fan of these games, ""The vanishing..."" you will definitely like!"
76561197995286950,Not Recommended,258520,12504428,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,rdt.cooler49293,"Pros:  Outstanding scenery - well-designed and especially well-rendered.  Wish my computer could handle this game at max graphic levels.Cons:   Weak story; lacks logical flow.  Assumes player has special knowledge of the powers of an occult detective - and that is the root of the story problems.  The various parts of the story, like the traps in the beginning, have no context and no raison d'etre.  Why would I expect to run around in the woods looking for traps?  Takes a lot of horsepower to run full screen.Please kill off Ethan Carter now!"
,Recommended,258520,13274765,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BrunoBRS,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter makes great use of its gorgeous visuals, surreal atmosphere, melancholic soundtrack, and simple, but engaging and interesting puzzles to tell an enthralling, immersive horror story, all without resorting to jump scares or game overs. It takes roughly 5 hours to see everything the game has to offer, more than enough to appreciate what's probably the closest you can get right now to living through a good Stephen King novel."
76561197971309632,Recommended,258520,16899764,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Marcusss,"Great looking, atmospheric game with just enough puzzles to make it more than gloryfied walking simulator."
,Recommended,258520,17478770,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Irwen Lovelace,"Very nice game, although it could easily go from very nice to truly awesome by making some easy fixes:1- Add a map! The world you play in is pretty big and therefore overwhelming without it.2- It doesn't really need a full tutorial at the begining but some more guidance on the mechanics of the game would be really nice. They are very original, but without proper explanation, they become confusing and frustrating.That's all, I loved pretty much everything else. And those environments are simply gorgeous <3"
76561198144842281,Recommended,258520,14379614,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,"First of all...the graphics in this game are the most impressive graphics ive ever seen. Second, Ive never gotten emotional playing a video game before, until I played this. Unfortunately I had to look up strategy guides to beat the game because of how hard the developers made it to get through certain areas. But overall this was one of the most peaceful and amzing games ive ever played...If you like video games with good storylines and music..I can totally recommend this game."
76561198229601436,Recommended,258520,31290813,Posted: 22 April,all,It's Dale,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The soundtrack is amazingly well done and really gives a warm yet creepy feeling throughout the whole game.For the storyline it may not seem engaging, but it is one of the deepest I have experienced. You'll find a lot of the reviews are negative due to ""the story being boring"" but if you do buy this try to look beyond the picture. The game does not hold your hand, take the time to process and understand before rushing to the end.All in all a 10/10 from Dale. I'd reccommend to anyone but the simple minded players who don't know a story if it hit them in the face"
,Recommended,258520,17191589,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,BackupHero316,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter: In-depth ReviewGame release date: September 22, 2014Review date: July 23, 2015INTROThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an amazing game. The story is intriguing, the gameplay is unique, and the graphics are hands down some of the best in the history of gaming so far. The product is not without it's cons; however, it is still a polished and compelling game overall.STORY (spoiler free)You're a paranormal detective who journeys to a place called Red Creek Valley to find a boy named Ethan Carter, who sent you fan mail that intruiges you to invesitgate some of his claims. When you arrive, you find out that a strange evil has claimed the town, and an adventure of mystery, horror, and hope ensues.Overall, the narrative is solid, if not a little too vague at times. But with that said, it keeps you immersed throughout the entire experience, and is one of the defining factors of the game.GAMEPLAYThe game is played from a first-person perspective. As usual, you're basically just an invisible floating head, which means you can't see your hands, feet, or any other part of your body. Levers and switches seem to move on their own. Items are picked up by invisible your invisible hands. While this is a minor gripe, I think it would have made the game much more realistic.Primarily, you explore a decently sized open world map, solving puzzles and searching for clues on what to do next. The pacing is brilliant, that is, until you have to backtrack over large distances just because you missed a small element. By the time I reached the endgame, I had to go back and complete other ""missions"" because I'd so easily missed them as I passed by. This is another minor gripe, as the game itself tells you that it won't hold your hand throughout the experience. Keep your eyes sharp. But hold onto your seats as well, as there are some jump scares. The puzzles are relatively easy, but most require a ton of thinking.Traversal is almost entirely by foot. There's a zoom function for taking DOF lessened screenshots. and a sprint button (which you'll be holding down almost the entire time). There's also a neat easter egg which either requires you to have the knowledge of the steps before hand, or blind luck to solve it.GRAPHICSBy far, the game's most defining quality. My jaw hit the floor when I first booted up the game, and there are plenty of ""wow"" moments throughout the adventure. Almost every environment looks spectacular, and the level of detail is incredible. Textures are photorealistic, and looks amazing coupled with cinematic effects. Character models are also extremely detailed. The entire world is designed to give you that surreal-dream-like feel, and it pulls you into this virtual world. It's insane.Also take note, the game is running on the Unreal 3 engine, pushed to the limits. Performance is great, but as always, comes down to what rig you have. An update which upgrades the engine to the breathtaking Unreal 4 is in development at the time of this review.OVERALLWhile I recommend this to everyone, don't buy it expecting Call of Duty or Skyrim. This is a puzzle solving, story heavy, visually stunning experience. It clocks in pretty short though, I completed the game in around four hours, and that was with a lot of restarting and general goofing around. But don't let that sway you into not buying it. It's well worth the asking price, and unbeatable during sales.RATING; 9.5/10"
,Recommended,258520,30048973,Posted: 19 February,all,rafamacedo,"The same goes for the Redux version.If you like H.P. Lovercraft and Edgar Allan Poe, you must buy it! Play it! Cause it  worth! Every print screen is a beatiful desktop wallpaper. The ending is unpredictable, reflexing, and amazing. You""ll see when get the last achievement."
,Recommended,258520,30269603,Posted: 1 March,all,palsjuegs,"Short Review:80% story, 20% puzzles. A joy to play if you like the mystery/puzzle/story type game.  The only bad thing is that this game is way too short, which is why I recommend getting this during a sale instead of paying full price.Longer Review:The story is intriguing and sometimes beyond fantastical, puzzles are mostly not too complicated. The graphics are gorgeous and the music is nice. Might get a bit slow at some points, but it’s a slower type of game that relies on atmospheric story telling. A joy to play if you like the genre. And then suddenly it’s all over. Way too short of a game, this is my only gripe with it. There’s not much replay value, unless you want to re-experience the lovely views and atmosphere. This game is not on my All Time Faves list, however it is an honorable mention simply due to the feeling I experienced at the ending, something only few games have achieved. A feeling difficult to describe, the best I can say is, it touched my soul. If you like mystery/puzzle/story type games, this is a must get. However due to the extremely short length, I recommend waiting for a sale to add this to your library."
,Recommended,258520,25947763,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Damien_Dedalus,"7/10This game is one of the most beautiful I've ever played. The visuals are to die for. And the plot is something that you'll have to experience for yourself. The narrative is interesting and the music playing often in the background is perfect for the kind of sombre mood that the game sets. It starts off with saying that there will be no hand-holding for the player and that is rightly so, as you have to find out what powers the protagonist, Paul Prospero, has for yourself and what its limitations are. It's a unique detective story, to say the least.The one thing I didn't like about the game are Ethan's ""stories"". In order to complete the game, you'll have to complete these stories. I only did some of them and they feel rather unrelated to the main plot.All in all, definitely a game worth playing."
76561198033588941,Recommended,258520,12470165,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MajorRichardSharpe,"In the first few minutes, the game reminded me of Alan Wake, Dear Esther and Murdered: Soul Suspect. I have to say, this one is the perfect connection of all three games. Alan Wake tires you with pew pew pew which pushes the awesome story in the background, Dear Esther is done after 90 minutes and Murdered: Soul Suspect had kind of a fake/unreal way to interact with proofs. While Dear Esther is one of my most favourite games, this is finally something similar to it.Even the (few) negative reviews can't deny that the graphics of this game are incredibly good, you have 4 hours in the quality of a cinematic cutscene.People complain about puzzles being too simple, walking for 2 minutes without meeting anyone (this is not The Elder Scrolls), but in my opinion it's about the story anyways, which is really great.This is one of the few games that is more a novel to play, no shooting, no questmarkers, no HUD about health, ammo and compass. Just a story and awesome graphics.You can discuss about the price, but I highly recommend buying the game when it is on sale.If you liked Alan Wake for the story (and not for the shooting) and think Dear Esther was too short (such story much cry very tears wow), then you should get The Vanishing of Ethan Carter."
76561197987611360,Recommended,258520,13584144,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SexyNoodle,"From the graphics, to the voice acting, and the game layout to variety of experiences, the Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a masterpiece. The developers are nothing short of perfectionists. It truly takes you into the mind of Ethan, and makes me feel like a child again. It is a crime that this game will not get as much recognition as it deserves.No game has captured my curiousity to this magnitude, and I truly hope you will give it a chance."
,Recommended,258520,13300780,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Viridian,"Although the game isn't very long, the story it tells is dazzling.It's kind of open world, yet still linear; you have multiple puzzles to solve in a stunningly beautiful game world with one of the greatest soundtracks I have heard in some time. The puzzles aren't as easy as some people pretend they are, however not unsolvable. It is very atmospheric, very eerie and dark at some times, and at other times you wish you could jump in and enjoy what looks to be a crisp, warm autumn day.I recommend this game to you if you want a mystery that you can sink your teeth into for a few hours and enjoy wandering through gorgeous scenery with a reaslistic environment. If you feel it is too expensive for the time you get out of it, then wait until it is on sale, but if it is, definitely get it."
76561198020647378,Recommended,258520,33416016,Posted: 9 July,all,Sam,"Half murder mystery, half Lovecraftian eldritch horror, 'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter' is a game of many surprises.It's boldly announced very early on that the story is 'a narrative experience that does not hold your hand', and that's certainly true - for better or worse. Loath as I am to be led by the nose through a game, there are moments in the early parts of TVoEC where I was forced to backtrack to find all the things that I had obviously missed... which, as it turned out, accounted for about 30% of the entire game. As other reviews here have noted, you may wish to consult a walkthrough for the first few minutes, just to get a sense of what it is you're supposed to be doing, and how it is you do it. Then, once you've worked it out, you can really begin to enjoy what Ethan Carter's world has to offer.The voice acting - the scenery - the concept and conceits of the story - all come together to make a well-crafted and tightly honed gaming experience, satifyingly wrapped-up by its closing act. It's a narrative that doesn't outstay its welcome - the perfect length, though perhaps a little pricey for a game you're likely to play only once. Still, if it's on sale, I definitely recommend it."
76561198059260381,Recommended,258520,24052235,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Murky,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter REVIEW :Is it a game or a living movie? I couldn't tell.This game is a masterpiece in its art direction. There isn't much gameplay element, instead the game emphasizes and relies on its strong narrative. You are given no hints, no clue, making it a little hard to make sense of. But as you progress further, everything starts to fit in its place as you explore and learn slowly. Right from the begining, it sets the mood of sadness and melancholy. By the end of this game you'll be left drained and emotionally weak.The game has a moderately big world size filled with mysteries, every mystery tied with another while still being logically seperate.This game is absolutely gorgeous and feels photo realistic, oh and it runs pretty smooth too even on older systems.All in all this game is definitely one of the best games I have ever played. Go buy it!"
,Recommended,258520,12375915,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Loqui-Mar,"Pretty damn good game. Lovecraftian vibe, along with the lonesome feel of Dear Esther and Myst. Add to that some Sherlock Holmes reconstruction of crimes and a few twists in the story, and you have perhaps my favorite game of the year. Also looks gorgeous."
,Recommended,258520,15157689,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[GM] Dark,"Best graphics of all PC games to date, artistically speaking. Rivals the Naughty Dog games, again artistically speaking.No doubt there are far more technically advanced games out there, or games that look more photo-realistic in screenshots, but this is exceptionally pleasing to the eye, even while in motion, in a way that so few games get right."
,Recommended,258520,15150949,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,General Glauca,"A very atmospheric game, with great graphics and im pretty having fun with the story and i can't wait to unfold all the secrets. The game is kinda difficult which is the beauty of it.Ill Give this 10/10. great game."
,Recommended,258520,24155915,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TheUniporn,"With minimal gameplay elements and pretty graphics, this game puts you in the shoes of a paranormal investigator. There are a total of 10 ""puzzles"", or better said stories, in which you uncover step by step what happened to Ethan Carter. Not only that you are not forced to solve any of them (except the last one), you might actually miss some because sometimes they aren't in your main path.Rating: If there's something strange / In you neighborhood / Who you gonna call?Recommendation: the game is a short and atmospheric visual novel with minimal gameplay, are you into that?http://pixelloot.com"
76561198161684989,Recommended,258520,30573291,Posted: 17 March,all,BloodyDreams,I have to say I loved playing the game. The graphic was beautiful and the story was interesting to play and follow.I like how the game gave small hints as to what would meet you at the end without you really noticing. The ending was unexpected (unless you have been watching someone else play it) and I like it. Nothing to complain on when it comes to the game itself and how it was made.I would rate:Graphic: 10/10Story: 10/10Voice act: 10/10So if you are looking for a game worth your money I will have to say this is.
76561198068342357,Recommended,258520,34063271,Posted: 6 August,all,hobbit,"I played the Redux version of the game. There is no separate store page for the redux version, you get it free if you buy the original. You can play either, they are both fine (the improvements of the redux version are not that significant and it is more demanding in terms of hardware).The first thing that comes to mind - the game is pretty. The outdoor environments are fantastic (indoors are much less extraordinary). Some argue it is a walking simulator, and yeah, walking is definitely a big and perhaps best part of the game. The other part would be the story and that is a bit of a mixed bag. It is interesting and has a nice twist/reveal in the end. But it is too minimalistic to provide real satisfaction. You peace the story together mostly from flashbacks you get by reconstructing the scenes, and the visual or verbal storytelling they provide is very very brief. So even though in the end you can guess what it is all about I was left wishing I could learn more about the characters and the story.The game has some basic mechanics and some fairly straightforward puzzles, so it is not a classic walking simulator. Still you will spend 90% of your time walking around and taking in the gorgeous New England scenery, so this is probably what your decision to buy this game should be based on. If you enjoy slow paced meditative gameplay and eyecandy with no risk or action, and with some mystery mixed in - go ahead!PS: It took me 7.5 hours to complete the game, and I was taking my time backtracking and taking screenshots. It doesn't have much replay value, unless you feel like taking a stroll in a picturesque landscape, but cannot be asked to leave your room.PPS: It has some Lovecraft references in it!"
76561198053868165,Recommended,258520,12560124,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,dsula,"GOOD:The visuals are stunning. The location of the game is actually somewhere in estearn europe and not wisconsin (judged by architecture and apperance of the infrastructure). Which makes sense given that the developers are from Poland. The immersion and suspense is complete, supported with great background music.NEUTRALThe story is ok. Interesting enough to keep you going, but weird and unpolished in places. After all is done it will leave you with a big ""what was that all about?""BADThe story Is way too short. The world is fairly big (area of the game world), but it's severly limited in places you can actually explore and in what you can do. The puzzles you have to solve are so simple it feels almost like a interactive movie, not a game."
,Recommended,258520,13237941,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Purple Dogg,"9.5/10Deslumbrante! Os gráficos não são tudo num jogo, mas aqui pintam com um realismo impressionante todo o ambiente do qual o jogo vive. O som e as imagens são tudo o que nos guia por esta história fantástica de um detective paranormal em busca de Ethan Carter.Somos avisados logo desde o início: não é aquele tipo de jogo que nos dá a mão e indica o que fazer e como o fazer. Nada disso. Há toda uma área enorme de floresta, linhas férreas e rio a percorrer e nem tudo é verdadeiramente útil. Depois de se apanhar o jeito e de se reconstruir as cenas para que possamos assistir a uma projecção da forma como as coisas se desenrolaram, tudo corre de forma mais fluída. Mas sempre, sempre interessante, de nos manter agarrados, colados ao ecran.Jogo soberbo, que peca apenas por ser um pouco curto demais e por deixar ganas de jogar mais e mais. É uma experiência fantástica, a não perder."
,Recommended,258520,35449889,Posted: 3 October,all,skyarnas,"I have wanted to play this game for the last three years.Every time fall comes around I think: ""Wow, I wanna play an autumn-y game,"" and look at my library. There it is. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. I think I even started it, once, and played for 20 minutes. But for some reason I never finished it, always forgot it, or always had other games to play at the time. Admit it, we all have that one steam game we want to play but never do.This year, though, I finally started it.And finished it the same day.I got completely entranced in the prettiness of the game, the writing, and the story. The puzzles were great, the atmosphere was beautiful. The only con was the ending, feeling rather bittersweet to me.But short and brilliant, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was a blast to spend a cold sunday playing. Don't wait around any longer with playing these hidden gems in your steam libraries, folks, play them now, and be very happy that you did. And while you're at it, buy (and play!!) The Vanishing of Ethan Carter! It is truly great. <3(fyi I played the redux version but was not able to review it, so I'm just reviewing this verion, hence the lack of hours. I actually have roughly 5 hours on the game)"
76561198052801978,Not Recommended,258520,12722454,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,com,"Very nice landscape, but short gameplay with only around 5 major puzzles. Finished the game in 2-3 hours, somewhat dissapointing."
,Recommended,258520,12385485,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dr Zeus,Pretty screenshot simulator 2014
,Recommended,258520,16473555,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,dpi.erico [TF2 Odds Collector],"A game full of immersive storytelling, intruiging in a way not many games manage to properly portray, set in a wonderous world full of both life and death, which is riddled with secrets.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is purely driven by story and exploration, and both of which inspire an eagerness to press on, because you want to find out the answer to that one question.. what happened here in Red Creek Valley?"
,Recommended,258520,12296204,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,zumpiez,"A short and sweet exploration-centric stroll through some of the most beautifully realized environments I've ever seen. The tale it tells ultimately falls a bit flat, but this is a journey definitely worth taking."
76561198077023377,Recommended,258520,23962935,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Trusty,"Looks great, story is great, the world is great. This game is great."
,Recommended,258520,32039934,Posted: 29 May,all,Froody,"(For the Redux version) The powerful atmosphere and interesting puzzles really added to what was by itself an elegantly, thoughtfully played out mystery."
,Recommended,258520,25830896,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Naisu,"I'll just be blunt and short here: If you enjoy narrative-driven games (some like to call them walking simulators) where the exploration is the key element to the game, go for it. It's not exactly hard, as in that you can't exactly fail anything, but it has some very charming puzzles going on. I also really enjoyed the atmosphere, how the whole place feels like it's been abandoned for decades. And I'd be crazy to not mention the absolutely jawdropping graphics going on here (if you can manage it, play Redux version.)That's all I can really say here, I can't talk about the story since the whole game is all about it. Go in as blind as you can, you'll truly appreciate the whole experience that way. And I personally recommend to not use any walkthroughs. Memorize everything and immerse yourself to the world of this game. Hopefully you'll have as much as fun as I did."
,Recommended,258520,13487671,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Erbkaiser,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is essentially an adventure game, set in first person with amazingly beautiful graphics.You play as a detective unravelling the disappearance of a young boy, Ethan Carter, in a tiny and isolated community. The story is deep and well written and has several surprises right up to the end.Ethan Carter combines the pretty graphics of Dear Esther with actual gameplay, and is a game anyone who likes puzzle solving or simply walking around beautiful environments owes it to themself to experience first hand.It may be ""short"", but this is definitely a case of quality over quantity. Ethan Carter is worth every penny."
,Recommended,258520,32230140,Posted: 6 June,all,MetalBringer,"Epic game!!! The story is very immersive, the atmosphere is tense and the landscapes are breathtaking! If you're willing to buy the game, do not hesitate!"
,Recommended,258520,12272307,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"A ""walking"" simulator with nice story and amazing graphic, if only it doesn't make my pc lag every 10 seconds. Game is very short, I can finish the game within 3 hours. Soundtrack is amazing too. The world is beautiful, I even stop forawhile to enjoy a scenery. Can even make wallpaper out of  the screenshots."
,Recommended,258520,33163898,Posted: 2 July,all,yourking77,"The Vanishing of Ethan CarterLet me first say that this game will not be for everyone. I did not really enjoy it all that much. Having said that it is an okay game, but it is very short it is probably beatable in around two to three hours of normal gameplay.The atmosphere this game delivers is quite unique and you may find yoruself taking quite a few screenshots. I am not one to really care for graphics all that much but in this game they are pretty good and that really helps this game out. There will never be a game quite like this again, it is a simple walking simulater with some mystery type cases here and there. the story is okay, not great, but not bad. This game has to be the most boring and the most interesting game I have ever seen. I would have to say you must like exploration and you must have quite a bit of patients to like this game.It does have a unique ending, one that I guessed would happen about half way through but was really hoping I would be wrong. Without giving any spoilers the ending was bad but wrapped it up in quite a way that you do not really feel like you need a second game to conclude anything.Since it is such a  wierd game it is hard to tell you in a review that you will or will not like it. You may love it, some people do and I can understand why, some people don't and I again can understand that as well, or you may be like me, tolerate playing it once then delete it probably forever. I would not recomend watching any videos or giving anything away and spoiling what little joy there is to be found in this game for yourself, but if you think you may like it give it a try."
,Recommended,258520,12243714,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Blizzard,"I just finished.  5.0 hours according to Steam, but I suck at games so a reasonable person should be able to finish it in 3 or 3.5.  I spent a LOT of time backtracking to finish stuff I missed the first time.Overall impressions:  If you like detective stories and outdoor atmosphere, you'll probably like this.  If you liked Alan Wake but hated the combat, I'm guessing you'll like this (I haven't played the Alan Wake games).  If you liked Dear Esther but wished it had even some mild puzzle elements, you'll probably like this.The bad:The open nature of the maps actually made me spend a lot of time backtracking because I missed a couple of simple triggers early in the game.  This made the story unfold in a weird manner, which is not really bad, but it made me spend an extra hour or two holding in shift and W to run around the mountainsides, which was a little tedious.The good:Probably the best visuals I've ever seen from Unreal Engine 3 (if this is just 3, maybe tailored?), potentially alongside Mirror's Edge.  In fact, thanks to the awesome textures and great color adjustments as you walk from area to area (color grading?), I feel like this is a pretty awesome game visually, from ANY engine.Going hand in hand with the nice textures, this game has awesome visual design.  The landscape, the shore lines, the skies, the vistas (""Oh lol, that's just a static background, no way I can walk down there........wait a minute, I -am- down there now.""), the muted colors, the balance of how everything fits together.  It's outstanding.I'm bad with directions so I ran in circles a lot, but the developers did a great job creating a huge, seamless, no loading environment.  It's not 10000 square miles or something, but it's a big area and things fit together pretty nicely.  I think they successfully realized a vision of creating a valley for you explore with some degree of freedom.The story is strange but very creative in parts.Performance is pretty great for me.  4.2 GHz i5 3570K, 8GB RAM, GTX 770 2GB.  Everything on max besides 4xAA, I got 60 fps and smooth operation (camera smoothing turned off) a lot of the time.  I didn't notice regular stuttering, but I guess because of map streaming, since I don't have a SSD, there was occasional hitching when running long distances.  There was one underground area where I got 35 fps or so because of some effects, and one house with special effects that might have brought me to 40 fps briefly (same with the hold-mouse-down effect).  Outside of those few special effect areas, things stayed smooth and looked great the majority of the time.The developers made some player-friendly choices since you have to walk/run so much.  There's no run toggle, unfortunately, but running does NOT give any nauseating headbob, and you do NOT get out of breath and make annoying loud breathing sounds.  Hooray!The soundtrack is appropriately creepy in parts, and the main mysterious theme is great.The atmosphere is great.  I hate scary games and this game feels fairly near the limit of scary I can or want to deal with.  However, the atmosphere for the most part just involves tension or creepy things, with few jump scares and no combat.The puzzles and interactive story segments are relatively simple, but work well with the story.One note is that you should rebind the text toggle key to something other than spacebar so you don't have text showing up on top of a story segment.  Tab works fine.If you're only mildly interested, $10 might be a reasonable price for you but even then I'd say it's still worth closer to $10 than $5 side because of all the positives.  It looks great, it's polished, and it runs stable.  I have seen a couple of mentions of event bugs, so I don't know if I was just lucky, especially with a certain underground sequence, but I hope everyone managed to finish.Overall, I would recommend this game.  If you like point and click adventures, detective stories, or really pretty games you can screenshot, and you don't mind a 3-hour story, go ahead, I'd say it's worth $20."
76561198050866940,Not Recommended,258520,12383313,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,talae,"To put it simply, It is a beautiful looking game, and was quite enjoyable to play. However under 10 hours for total completion for $20.00 is absurd, $5-10 is all this is worth (maybe), there is no replay value at all, once you are done, that is it.Give it a go when it's on a special.."
76561198044581155,Not Recommended,258520,28759234,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,d3sirio,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a beautifully rendered map with a tacked-on walking sim on top, an unfortunate union that failed to meet each and every one of my expectations. What a beautiful disaster.I'm not new to walking sims. Ever since I started with Dear Esther years ago and kept going with the likes of Gone Home, I've thoroughly enjoyed this narrative genre and what it can offer in terms of ambience, feelings and story. I've had this one in the oven for the longest time, hearing all the praise it got. I saved it for a rainy day, one where I really craved a good story and a satisfying time.Ethan Carter, to date, ranks as the worst walking sim out of the mainstream/famous ones.In this game you're Paul Prospero, a paranormal investigator called to Red Creek Valley by a boy (the titular Ethan Carter) who is in dire need of your help. Arriving at the location through the woods, you'll start making your way toward the inhabited areas with long walks peppered with sparse first person narration.The roads and rivers and hills are all beautifully rendered, really immersive and a joy to look at. The Redux version kicks everything up a notch and makes the lighting even more beautiful than it was before. It's a really well constructed map, with a great sense of scale and reasonable topography. The dam is really massive and imposing.As you traverse these beautiful and eerily abandoned locations, you'll stumble upon murdered individuals; this is where the supposed ""meat"" of the game is. You need to recreate the scene of the murder by placing each item into its original position so you can use your paranormal sensitivity; by doing this, the spirit of the deceased will present you with a few character models scattered in the vicinity, representing the few minutes that precede their death. You'll then have to put these in order to see the relative cutscenes in motion and hear them talk, finding out bits of the mystery surrounding the valley.This, sadly, is nothing but a gimmick that happens a very few times throughout the game. You have no real edge on this task, no skill or intuition will help you make it more satisfying: you simply walk until you find all the objects, place them in the only interactive slots that pop up, then order the trivial scenes that lead up to the murder. Don't worry, you can try again if you make mistakes.Other interactions with the game are a handful of sidequest which feel entirely unrelated to the reasons that led you to the valley and absolute curve balls on top of that. These interactions vary from always walking forward, walking to follow an NPC, finding and clicking all the items, walking a maze and clicking on all the items. There's only a very interesting one, involving doors and impossible spaces, a minigame that I hoped was an integral part of the gameplay at the point in my playthrough. It wasn't.The musical score is pretty good and really helps getting in the mood, be it relaxed or anxious. I have some issue with the sound design, as loud constant noises (i.e. a waterfall, the engine you're sitting on) go crazy when they're directly behind you, but other than that it's quite alright.So that was the pretty and the neutral. Here's the bad.The walks between each instance of interaction/narration are so long that this game ends up feeling more empty than regular, ""pure"" walking sims that have no interaction at all. While walking around with just the sound of the birds and the wind, I ended up asking myself ""nice, but are we there yet?"" at least 3 times throughout this 2h long game. This doesn't take in account the shorter walks where you can see your goal (so you know you're not there yet) but that still feel excessively long.The characters are one-dimensional madmen, and the story is so dull that only a masterful narration and direction could've possibly saved it. As you can already imagine, none of that is present here. The re-enacting that lead up to the deaths are devoid of any drive and pathos, and failed to make me love or hate any of them. I was wholly indifferent toward them. The story, as cheap ones tend to, pulls a couple of twists toward the end that may catch you off guard but still not save the situation.So that was the bad. Ready for the worst?Imagine having gone through most of the above, and you're now at the ending. You've found all the characters, solved the mysteries and find yourself at the centerpiece of the narration. There! You've finished the game. Wait... no, the game stops you. Unfinished business? What? Well, you have to go back and clear all the sidequests you missed or skipped earlier in the game in order to see the ending. Not the extra ending. Not a secret ending. THE ending. The game even gives you a convenient map with the location of said sidequests so you can find them and trudge through them, then get back and see the ending.I could've glossed over the neutral and the bad, remembering just the pretty, but the worst really did it for me. This game opens with a smug ""this is an open narration, there's no holding hands here"" and puts me down a very long (albeit deceptively large) corridor, only to tell me at the end that I have to go back and check all the (few) boring or hidden rooms the game itself led me to think I was allowed to skip.That was the last straw. I quit the game and checked the ending on Youtube.What started as a promising experience and slowly turned into an unimpressive sequence of tasks, ultimately ended as an infuriating husk of a game and an offence to my intelligence, my money and my time.Please consider carefully before purchasing this game. It's not bad per se, but it's a poor walking simulator, unredeemed by its bland and gimmicky interactions, and an even worse experience overall if you've played more than a handful of games in your life."
76561198053879865,Not Recommended,258520,13500542,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Thimotheion,"I would give it a possitive review but it was so damn short. Although the history was pretty good (Just pretty good. Don't expect anything near Alan Wake) and the graphics superb, all of it fades when the ending arrives and you are like, That's all? I paid how much for just that? I expect more value for my money."
,Not Recommended,258520,12684259,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Auryn,"Visuals are really well done, general concept is intriguing. Sadly I strongly feel that there isn't enough playable content. If I had known that from the start, I most certainly would not purchase the game to begin with."
,Recommended,258520,15278204,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sam90,"Strength points :-The vanishing of Ethan Carter has the best of all things in its genere. The game has first and foremost nice and engaging story, mysterious and unpredictable world, awesome music that adds a lot to the games worth, and beautiful graphics. This is one of the best looking games I have ever played and I dare to say it can even compete with Crysis 3 in terms of graphics.Depending on how you play and how fast you are it can take at least 4 hours to finish every part, but I didn't finish the game in rush, instead I took my time to try and discover, read and contemplate everything, when I entered the decayed houses I was thinking how the people lived in there as a family and I was trying to fit every piece or item to the members of that house. This game mix between sorrow, fear and doubt. Be cautious with eveything you do and prepare yourself for the odds that you might face.Drawbacks :-As awesome as TVoEC that doesn't mean it has no weaknesses. The most obvious weakness is the saving system and the second is the lack of time system, the game always takes place during daytime, no matter how long you explore in the gameworld it is always daytime, there is no nighttime which adds a lot to the experience and increase the fear factor which makes the game much more enjoyable.All in all this game is totally worth your money and time.9.5/10."
,Recommended,258520,12358149,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,hidden2u,"Wow, what a quality, small, atmospheric game.  This is what I wanted Gone Home to be like, and I think it definitely does it better.  Great voice acting and writing, and the graphics are simply better than the majority of AAA games on PC."
,Recommended,258520,12286496,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Boy Lag,Very short with most puzzles being way to easy. Nevertheless an amazing story with visuals and game mechanics to match. Something that doesn't happen too often.
76561198027178198,Recommended,258520,12274241,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,RoedeOurm,"*Spoiler Free*Great game ! There is no ""handholding"" and this is a great feeling. More games should offer such experiences.This isn't a ""walking simulator"" and there are puzzles to solve and many details that you can pick up on to piece up the big picture.The game is short but doesn't drag itself. Great environments and voice acting too !"
,Recommended,258520,13199129,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,wormsbuh,"Great game!-nice story with a little twist (I've been wondering about the 7pm clocks the whole game)-interesting gameplay mechanics (there are minor puzzles that are rather easy to solve)-immersive ambiance (setup in a remote mountain village)-good voice acting (main character's deep ""noir detective"" voice adds a nice touch)-nice soundtrack (that kicks in at the right moments)-good sound effects throughout the whole game (attention to detail indoor and outdoor)-stunning graphics (rich vegetation, realistic textures, beautiful light effects),-good level design, attention to detail is really impressive (a little bit linear but it's to be expected from a story-telling game, you can wander around though)"
,Recommended,258520,24295379,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,-GB,"This is the best graphically looking game I have ever played. It looks stunning on every graphical setting and I managed to run with smooth 60 FPS on my old GTS 250. Miracle, really. The original UE3 version, that is. UE4 redux was not tested on 250 but it happily ran just as well on GTX 970... Not surprising of course, but everything was cranked up, even 150% resolution scale.Other than that, it's a good walking simulator with great self-explanatory puzzles, controls and gameplay are intuitive, loading screens are non-existent and environments are gorgeous. The game definitely deserves more positive reviews and I can't possibly understand where all the negative reviews come from."
,Recommended,258520,15172027,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Walsa 🐻,"Es muy lindo visualmente, se juega como un Dear Esther, pero con un poco mas de interactividad.Y no puedo decir nada mas. Es muy corton tiene, algunos momentos de ""WOW"", pero no pasa de eso. Tal vez le falto un poco mas de m[sica impactante o mejor actuacion y emocion en las voces de los actores, no lo se.Solo lo recomiento de super oferta, pero sepan que se gana en menos de 5 hs haciendo todo."
76561198083304970,Recommended,258520,14631333,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Geno,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter it's a WEIRD FICTION inspired adventure game, with stunning visual, atmospheric music, non-linear story and gameplay that could leave a mark on every player.The player has the ability to explore almost every corner of the valley since the beginning, while collecting hints with psychic powers like clairvoyance (clairsentience) and psychometry about the location of a boy who needs the help of the main character and P.I. specialized in supernatural, Paul Prospero.From beginning to end, the game could be speedrunned quite easily knowing all the location and scenes, and even for the first time some people may finish it with little efforts.For myself was 4-5 hours of gameplay for the first run, and I was surprised a bit.Anyway, with its peculiar *not holding hands* gameplay some aspects like story and exploration may be not so obvious for some people so the gameplay time may differ from player to player.The game itself, if explored and thinked about has more replay value than a lot games in the market, each time you play it, you may find new things and details missed.Kind of game you wanna show to your friends after you finished it, while giving no spoilers about.It has 2 parts that are quite a surprise, almost a jump-scare, since the game is quite slow-paced to help the player *breathe the air of the valley*.About the ending, without spoilers, the game could get off-guard some players. Exploration holds the key for most answers, not all!A must for Myst-loving players and those who want depth in a game without much help for understanding the *truth*.Recommended in general for adventure-games fan and for the Lovecraft-lore addict."
,Recommended,258520,14888343,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Apocalyptic Boredom,"I shouldn't have waited so long to play this. It's a fantastic game that takes the gorgeous ""walking simulator"" foundation of Dear Esther and layers on some genuine detective gameplay, an unsettling, deeply engaging story, quietly perfect music, and some of the most gorgeous visuals I've ever witnessed in a game.Ethan Carter is frequently near-photorealistic, and only ""near"" because there's a gauzy sense of nostalgia and sadness coloring everything you see that sets it just above and to the side of reality. Everything is both tangibly real yet ethereal and dreamlike, which is the perfect atmosphere for a story like this.You play a paranormal detective, sent to an island to uncover the titular mystery of what happened to Ethan and his family. Think more Twin Peaks than CSI and you're on the right path. This story is both wrenching and wonderful in very different ways. I'll avoid spoilers and simply say that your head will be swimming in myth, terror, and awe in a truly cosmic manner by the time you reach the conclusion. It's far more than a murder mystery, is what I'm saying.This game is for anyone who enjoys exploration, storytelling, atmosphere, and puzzle solving. There are no action scenes or QTEs, but it will definitely tax your curiosity and problem solving skills at just the right mixture. What it does, it does perfectly."
,Recommended,258520,13759652,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,sigod,Spent the first 6 hours of 2015 while playing this game. And don't regret it.
,Recommended,258520,14168266,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Chester Copperpot,"Great exploration game with obejectives along with an ending.Story was pretty good and would recommend this game at full price an a no brainer during a Steam sale.Played the whole game through with max setting at 4K, FPS was good with 2x 980's in SLI with the exception of a few areas."
,Recommended,258520,14998585,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Purana SSJ Blue,"Note: I only review when I finish the game.Despite of being a short game in my opinion (I finished in just 5 hours, but I think it can be easily done in less) and sometimes the game makes you walk (or run) a lot, I recommend for those who like investigation, story and extremely beautiful cenarios (maybe this is the cause the game makes you walk a lot, just to contemplate it). 7/10"
,Recommended,258520,16181411,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,KT,"Not only is this game pretty, it tells a good story.Keep this in mind: ""The game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand.""It doesn't need to."
,Recommended,258520,14734154,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,RiverOHs,"Wow... Im a huge fan of Games that are capable of really enveloping me into the world it creates around me and slowly unravels as I move forward; whether it's through its Art Direction, Sounds & Music, Story-Telling, or the little, inexplicable things that add to the experience. From what I have played so far (probably the first chapter of the game), The Vanishing of Ethan Carter nails it on all fronts. The atmosphere is serene  and, at the same time, feels lonely. If you enjoy mysterious intrigue, interesting game mechanics and puzzles and exploration in a beautifully presented lanscape, then this game meets and exceeds those expectations. Looking forward to seeing what these developers have in store for us next :)"
,Recommended,258520,14149214,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,昇天 Locksmith,"good story, good mechanics, wish it was longer but other than that9/10"
,Recommended,258520,14512554,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DGN | WatchdogEM,"10/10, The graphics in this game really show the potential of the UDK engine, and the ability to tell a captivating story that leave you guessing even after the end, you'll be asking yourself for days, was that it?"
76561198092571462,Recommended,258520,14604491,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Unlucky_Cock,Its a really good story the ending maybe shock you but you won't be disapointed.
,Recommended,258520,14734168,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,rama,A masterpiece. Totally recommended to anyone who'd like some mild horror/detective adventure.
,Recommended,258520,14908058,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Wrath of Tron,"Worth. Every. Penny.Before I continue, I see the review section for TVoEC primarily loaded with the question of ""is it or isn't it worth $20?""  I consider it an ugly trend in gaming to place too much emphasis on value vs time.  If you must place a monetary value on a game, let it rest on your experience and not how long it to you to get there.  If you enjoy a 90 minute film, it's not crazy to spend $20 to buy and own in on DVD or Blu Ray.  The same should be said for gaming.  If you find that in your own opinion, a game is a work of art and you truly enjoyed it, then you should have no qualms about how much you paid for it.That said, In my opinion The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a work of art.  This is a game about stories, how they're told and the entire package is quite brilliant.  I'll save writing a wordier review because this game doesn't need someone else to explain why you need to play it.  Just know that you should.  If you're like me, it's going to stick with you for awhile.Pros:+Presentation.  This is hands down, one of the best looking games I've ever seen.+Story.  It wasn't until it was over that I realized just how good it was.+Characters.  I actually cared.  That's all that mattered.+Gameplay/Sound Design/Atmosphere.  All present and a solid foundation for the above.Cons-The save system.  It's not broken and it's not terrible.  It should however be explained the the audience before playing.  The game saves upon completion of a puzzle.  There's no icon.  There's no warning.  When you continue your game you will standing where ever you were on the map when you completed your last  puzzle.  This can be initially frustrating.  If you're in the middle of a puzzle (some are long form) and you need to stop...this means your work will be undone and you will have to take another scenic hike to get back to where you were.  If you have a decent memory, it's fairly simple to retrace your steps quickly when you come back, but it is a hassle."
,Recommended,258520,15838906,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ender,"Pros:+Gorgeous graphics+intriguing and well done puzzles with a satisfying result when you complete one+creepy, beautiful, sad, quite an array of emotional scenes+A great endingCons:-Short, if you do every scene in the game, you can maybe get about 12 hours-If you miss something and you reach the end, it will give you a rather vague map of where to go to complete it.  Meaning you could be running for 15 minutes, which for a game that is about the story, is a minor irritationConclusion:An emotional story, great puzzles and overall a very satisfying experience.  The graphics are up there with an ENB-enhanced Skyrim, which is saying a lot.  For $20, I highly recommend it.Thoughts:For those wondering why I only have .4 hours logged, I have played and beaten it through, other means (make of that what you will) and after beating it, I went and bought it - this game was a no brainer assuming you have the money.It seems The Astronauts know that regardless of how good a game is, if the game is only a little over 10 hours, you don't charge $50 or $60, I highly respect this since it shows they know and respect their audience.  I will be watching their next title with anticipation."
76561198069735211,Recommended,258520,16725743,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,Two words: Eye candy
,Recommended,258520,13517705,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Melbourne Uni Hipster,Best game I've played in a while.9/10 Too much water(Also a bit short)
,Recommended,258520,24527255,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Yung Idol,"An excellent, quick and beautiful title that has some challenging puzzles and a hidden story that makes you earn all points. Well worth playing, even if just to view the time that was put into making the world as beautiful as it is."
,Recommended,258520,12364584,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TheManko,"If you know you have the patience for a game about exploring and solving puzzles slowly, then go for it. It’s the best looking game, and the way it tells the story is inventive.Only the audio has glaring faults. Like they didn’t fence off the sound zones properly. Sometimes sound and music will stop at the edges of the map. Near buildings it’ll sound as if you’re inside, even though you’re not. And similarly when you’re inside it can sound as if you’re outside when you step near certain walls. The script and acting can sometimes also sound just a bit off. Like it needed another pass in editing, and another take in the recording booth. Also in the end credits they only have music for half the credit roll, so you end up staring at scrolling names in dead silence. There’s just a layer of polish missing on the sound front.Apart from that it does what it sets out to do very well. Some of the puzzles require you to use your brain, and feel fun to solve. Others are the 3d equivalent to pixel hunting, but take place within clearly defined borders so you don’t go crazy searching for the clues. And boy does it look good. Might be worth it for that alone. Most importantly though the story has a good payoff. It’s a mystery with supernatural elements, and those often tend to fall flat in the end when the veil is lifted. This doesn’t."
,Recommended,258520,12472530,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,z0,"The visuals in this game are stunning. This game flat out tells you that it does not hold your hand, and it doesn't. You're thrown into a highly immersive world with no instructions. One of the best adventure games I ever played."
,Recommended,258520,12617867,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Cancer Police,so love this Indi-game!+great graphics(detail's featuers is so amazed)+short but turely profound story+intetresting detective-experience-the walkthrough was too short
76561198045656064,Recommended,258520,16933250,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,[Symmetry],"10 out of 10Let me explain, why.This is an outstanding piece of art. In every aspect.First, and most importantly, the graphics. It is mindblowing. This is probably the first game where the grass is not pixelated. The textures are beautiful, you can see every small detail of moss, leafs etc. The water, plants, rocks, everything feels real. There is no loading screen during the game, neither HUD, only you and the enviroment. Which was based on real places (in Wisconsin and Poland). They created an atmosphere which resembles to Alan Wake, Dear Esther and an independent game clalled The Cursed Forest. It is beautiful, with all the mountains, pine tree forests, streams and lakes, yet you can sense the darkness below the surface. You can walk free in this world, without restrictions. The devs put a real effort making the graphics as good as possible (uses Unreal 3) and they did a flawless job. Furthermore, they import it to Unreal 4 and everybody who purchased the game gets it for free.  I wonder why not all the games look like this today - especially the ones they call themselves ""nextgen"".Sound effects, ambient noises, character voices and musics are also perfect. All my respect to the sound designer.The story is interesting. It's not the jaw dropping type, but gives you some unexpected moments, and a few minutes of thinking after you finish the game.What you can do in only 5 hours (average is 4.5). This is a pity, I would have spend more time in the Red Creek Valley.Go buy it even on full price, these guys deserve the money for their awesome work."
76561198044897397,Recommended,258520,13780946,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tr0m0s,"Visually stunning, one of the prettiest looking games out there. The soundrack is amazing and it complements perfectly the whole atmosphere of the game.The puzzles are very easy, and although the story is a bit short, the scenery makes up for it. I found myself wandering the forest for hours (or so it seemed) just looking at the trees.Highly recommended 9/10"
,Recommended,258520,18093035,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Eater of Dreams,"One of the most visually impressive games around, made even more amazing by a new, remade version with an updated engine and some of the original versions annoyances supposedly ironed out. I haven't played the redux yet, but it comes packed in with the original game for new and past purchasers, which is a very nice move on the developer's part.With some of the most impressively detailed environments around, the sheer attention to detail alone is astounding. I'd almost recommend this one just for the enjoyment of wandering around looking at stuff, and I'm not the sort who usually cares about graphics. Realistic backgrounds meet strange fantasy elements to make for a very distinct look and feel to things. It really is like playing a dream sometimes.But prettiness aside, there is also a mystery to be solved here. It's quite a dark one, involving murder, cults, and other things I won't spoil. It all wraps up in a way I found a little unsatisfying, but it's still a compelling narrative to follow. Which is good, because narrative is all he game really has going for it in terms of game stuff. Exploring, some fairly simple puzzle solving, and piecing together the storyline is all there is to keep you busy in the fairly short playtime, but this one's much more compelling than the usual narrative-only games, with some wonderful twists and surprises in store for you as you explore. Not for anyone who wants action, but great at what it sets out to do."
,Recommended,258520,15304149,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,resistor,eventually game become extremely touching when you understand that all the stories was inspired not only by apparent H.P.Lovecraft but mostly by the game world itself %)
,Recommended,258520,12401599,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fugue,"First, let me confirm: this game is simply beautiful. The richness of the environment draws you in and makes youwantto explore Red Creek Valley. From the lighting, to the variety of flora and its movement in wind, to the sounds of the country side, you feel completely immersed. This gorgeous area is directly (and deliciously) juxtaposed to the tension that you feel while moving through it.And tension abounds. Imperceptible changes in volume of music, coupled with nothing really guiding your way through this mystery, leaves you with a threatening anxiety that hovers all around you, but not so much that you lose your desire to push on.  This invisible tension could be so great at times that when Propspero, the character you play, would rarely muse something aloud, it would cause me to jump!The game isn't stacked with monster filled closets that are on the ready to jump out at you, though. The atmosphere is baked from anticipation and the emptiness of this picturesque lakeside town. Nothing in the game feels disingenuous; all element are borne from the story first, no puzzle is a pixel hunt. Indeed, one of the best aspects of the game is sometimes you have to figure out what the puzzle is before you can actually begin to solve it!There are some missteps, of course. For one, the chronological mystery puzzles were so enjoyable that you find yourself disappointed as they become easier instead of harder as the game goes on. For another, its silent save system provides another kind of tension--the unwanted kind--as you are not exactly sure when the last save point was.  This game cries out for “save anywhere,” and it is a shame that it doesn't have it. Fortunately, this shortcoming is partly mitigated by the fact that this a video game “short story,” which means it is best played, in my opinion, in one sitting:  it can be played in a single afternoon or evening.All in allThe Vanishing of Ethan Carterwas a thoroughly enjoyable departure from tropes of the adventure genre, and one that I certainly recommend. It's not for everyone, of course, as this is an exploration/adventure game and one that takes a much more relaxed (albeit tense) pace to many  other game offerings."
,Recommended,258520,14816926,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,SOAPMAK3R,"Incredibly good looking, supernatural, horror, puzzle type game. Influences from Twin Peaks and Alan Wake, which is awesome.It might be the best looking game that I have ever played. I keep thinking that I want to experience it in VR. Very photo-realistic in places and just generally eye-poppingly good looking.It's an interesting game too, with some nice puzzle and story/narrative mechanics. There are some really impressive surprises that happen that I really wasn't expecting.I haven't finished it yet, but very good so far. Interested to see where it goes."
76561198057482188,Recommended,258520,13986063,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Reverud-san,"I loved the game Dear Esther, and would probably have been satisfied  by just walking around in this astonishing environment, created by The Astronauts . Its safe to say that I came for the graphics and stayed for the plot.And while The Vanishing of Ethan Carter unarguably has created the best looking game of 2014, it gave me so much more.The background music paints the scene perfectly. Crossfading seamless as you progress and enter new areas.The puzzles are well balanced. You need to think, in order to solve them, but they do not slow down the pacing of the game.The game can be classified as a horror game. Although the game does not rely much  on jump scares, it manages to make you uncomfortable, as you're trying to solve the murder cases.The game is short. Approximately 4-5 hours long, but is sure is worth it.Reccomended playing in the dark, with headphones.10/10P.S. The saving system sucks. Deal with it  '_>'"
,Recommended,258520,14132312,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,theDreamcatcher,"Beautiful music, beautiful atmosphere, wonderful landscapes, nicely gameplay and really interesting story. )"
,Recommended,258520,14397210,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Twitchy,"This game may be the most visually stimulating game I have ever had the pleasure to play. The reason I got this game was because it looked pretty from the thumbnails. The thumbnails do not do it justice. The game is absolutely beautiful. It's not long and the puzzles aren't really difficult, but the environment is very immersive (because it's so gosh darn pretty)."
,Recommended,258520,14748001,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jåda,"I have been looking for a game for a long time now which offers a gorgeus visual experience. And I have found that game!The story is thrilling, mysterius, and sometimes chocking (in a good way). It is hard to tell if this is a game or reality, yes, the graphic is that good. Gameplay is actually quite simple, you pretty much just left click on your mouse to interact with the enviroment. If this game even caught your attention while browsing the store, you should buy this game. It is a very deep game and much more than a simple crime investigation. You play as Paul and not as yourself, it is that kind of feeling.And now...Pros and consPros+Amazing graphics, can't tell the difference if you look out the window 10/10+Very thrilling and exiting story, you can't wait to see deeper in the lives of the characters (haven't completed the game yet) 9/10+It never gets boring. Pretty much the only thing you do is walk around and click on different objects. But your will to solve the mystery is what makes it fun and once again, to look at the amazing world around you is another reason to enjoy it 8/10+Supernatural events which actually makes sence, we are not talking about random explosions in a Michael Bay movie. these are also interesting and makes you want to follow a ghost or whatever it is 9/10+Very good price for the gameCons-Might get boring in a long run, playing for more than an hour will not be very entertaining-Can sometimes be difficult to know where and what you are going to do next. And yes, it is a puzzle game but you don't have to much knowledge about supernatural events and it can sometimes be very difficult-it does take a lot of time to complete some scenes and there is no manual save option so you might lose your progress halfway through the scene-A little to short. Can be a bad thing if you are looking for something to spend time at. Instead, go through this game slowly and enjoy it.-A little to simple gameplay, There could be more advanced methods to solve the mystery.But don't keep your eyes focused on the cons because, as in all games there are cons. Don't sit at home and discuss with yourself whether you want the game or not because trust me, you do want this game."
76561198050258382,Recommended,258520,18018125,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mogshuggah,"There are very few times, when developers create a game with such an engaging story, GREAT atmosphere, incredible graphics, beautiful music score, interesting puzzles and a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing yet oh so saddening twist. Yet The Vanishing of Ethan Carter has all of that and more.You play as Paul Prospero, a supernatrual detective that investigates supernatrual cases. This time, he has arrived in Red Creek Valley after receiving a letter from Ethan Carter, inspiring him to journey there. Once he arrives tho, he knows that this is a dark place, filled with secrets and mysteries.Story wise, this game features many tie-ins and symbolisms you can come across. These elements help you to really think about the story as you progress (and also way after you have beat the game). The way the story is told, makes you intrigued and interested in what will unfold next in the story. The characters are diverse and well done, in terms of voice acting and the way they act in general. They feel authentic and adds several layers to the story. I mentioned that there are also some symoblism in the story. They add these to represent the characters throughout the story, to make it all feel tied in and complex (in a good way that is). The symbolism itself is really well designed in that sense that it describes the characters, symbolically and makes them seem more human. Which solidifies just how well designed the characters and this story is.This game had a very eerie nad haunting tone for the largest portion of the game time, which was executed in a delicate and clean way. The lonliness, the darkness and the sadness, each of these elements being represented so perfect in the music and the sound. Wether it would be the howling of the wind or the splash of the waters. Either way, this was definetly a headphone-worthy experience, to say the least.But, does this game have good graphics? To put in perspective; For a good amount of the gametime, I found myself on several occasions just screenshotting the sheer beauty of the landscapes this game offers. Every single detail is well designed and even breath-taking at times. Add to the fact that there are also NO bugs or whatsoever that I encountered and you got yourself a well crafted game. The developers really took their fair share of time to perfect the looks of this game to the fullest and the same can be said about the performance of this game. Maybe a lagspike here or there. But who cares, it is not an abselute need for this game to have a perfect framerate. This game is not fast paced, you do not need to have a perfect framerate all the time, though it would add to a better experience with the game I guess.. Oh well.When it comes to the score, there are mainly two aspects of it. Sadness and darkness, this adds to the tone of the overall experience. Which is something I cannot describe by words, the music itself features such strong emotions of various forms, it has so many shades, so many nuances. Take my word for it when I say: Mikolai Stroinski is a wonderful composer. Listen to Ethan's theme and you will see just how amazing the music in this game can get.Gameplay-wise, this game is rather simplistic yet creative. There are mainly the ""search for clues"" type of gameplay alongside the ""complete the puzzle yourself"" added with some creative and different elements which I will not get too much into. Now there are no problems with these types of gameplay. However when it comes to puzzels in games, it is rather critical to acess some form of hints or something alike those lines if you were to be stuck in some spot, yet in this game you do not get a lot of help or aid. However it is important to note that the gameworld is not extremly big, so this issue really is not that much of an issue. The game also features some horror elements and also one perticular horror like sequence (depending on what you refer to as ""horror""). And I wont lie tho, that sequence scared the ♥♥♥♥ outta me..And the twist? Well I will not spoil it, but I will say this: You are not prepared...In the end, this was an abselute blast of an experience! I loved every single moment of it, from the exquisite story to the fantasticly well composed music all the way to the eerie and haunting tone throughout the game. The flaws in this game: none. Well there is one tho.. It ends.Would recommend this game? ♥♥♥♥ yes"
,Recommended,258520,13912870,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,callecal,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. If you like atmospheric games, puzzles, story and the fact that you have to think I believe you will enjoy it too.If you want you can play it through and just watch how beautiful it is, enjoy the excellent story and entertaining puzzles. But if you really want to enjoy this game, and take full advantage of what this experience have to offer then take your time and examine everything, get to know the Carter family, their relation to eachother and so on. Remember everything and the ending is excellent. I´d recommend playing with a friend as well so you can talk to eatchother about who is who, what is what and why that is and so on. Play it with your Girl/Boy friend :)"
76561198070427858,Recommended,258520,14459785,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,AZIZ COMBAT FIGHTER,"Insane game. Totally ♥♥♥♥ing insane. Probably mine top5 games ever played. So intensive all the time.Only fault of this game was it's shortness. It took me 6 hours to go through it without any helps, and I did many mistakes or didnt know where to go. But that 6 hours was totally rock'n'roll from the very start to the bitter. Totally worth to buy and please do so.Im already waiting the movie from this game. It has to be coming any time soon.5-/5."
,Recommended,258520,16853310,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Wratts,"A fantastic game by a small development team. The gameplay is fairly simple but some of the puzzles will give you a nice bit to chew on. Should give you about 3-6 hours to play through if you don't use a walkthrough, so be warned that it's a short, self-contained experience.But what an experience that is. This game's atmosphere is excellent, ranging from mystifying to creepy as you explore the derelict ruins and secluded countryside. The game's environmental graphics, ambient sound effects, and haunting soundtrack round off an excellent presentation that will likely remain unrivalled for quite some time. The character models and animations are a bit standard-fare and, while not bad, stand out as average when compared to the rest. The voice acting is fairly good, especially from the main character, whose voice provides occasional narration to the story.If you've ever wondered what would happen if you blended some Twin Peaks and a little bit of Silent Hill and had an occult investigator serve as the protagonist, and then poured it into a nice cup of game: this game is for you."
,Recommended,258520,17634365,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Edelguard,Stunning visuals and an interesting story.
,Recommended,258520,12267523,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kahspiller,"A nice game with alot of details and nice puzzles. Alot of walking from place to place, but I think that was fine. Not as scary as i thought, but I freaked the ♥♥♥♥ out when the monster in the cave killed me. Annyway GG game I beat you in under 5 hours. And well done to the crew behind the game, but I must say that I stumbled across some bugs on the way.Game recomended!"
,Recommended,258520,23184405,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,J McCoy,"The Vanishing of Ethan CarterPaul Prospero, a detective with paranormal abilities, receives a curious fan letter from Ethan Carter, a young boy who is disturbingly aware of the supernatural. Ethan's letter brings Paul to the fictional Red Creek Valley, where Ethan's family resides. Already aware that Ethan is missing, Paul begins to explore Red Creek Valley and investigate its dark secrets...The previous introduction to the story was copied and pasted from the game's wikipedia page since it compresses the story nicely. In my opinion the story was absolutely intriguing from start to finish. It kept me interested and wanting more. During the game you can see how it was inspired by H.P. Lovecraft. That fact gave me some nice cold shivers. The game left me with wanting more after the 4 hour long adventure. Even though 4 hours is a short time for a game, I think it was worth every second of it (you can pretty much beat the game in 2 hours if you know what you are doing).The introduction should also give you an idea about what you are doing in this game. You investigate the happenings of Red Creek Valley to hopefully find the missing boy, Ethan Carter. The gameplay itself is pretty straightforward. You have to find missing objects and return them to where they originally were to reveal visions from the past. These visions will tell you what happened at certain places. That is the gameplay in a nutshell and it is actually very relaxing. At least most of the time.This is where the game really surprised me. The graphics and the soundtrack. The game has some unbelievably gorgeous sceneries and buildings that look very unique and realistic. You can't just walk past them without staring for a moment or two. The soundtrack contains some well made music that will have you relaxed and sometimes on the edge of your seat.NutshellGameplay: 7/10Graphics: 10/10Sounds and music: 8/10Performance: 8/10Story: 8/10Length: 6/10ConclusionThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short yet an extraordinary game that will impress you with its graphics and enthrall you with an interesting story. I was eager to keep on going and I could've completed the game on one go, but I had other things to do. So if you are looking for a good story, graphics and soundtrack then this is the game for you. I just hope that the developers (The Astronauts) are planning on making more games like this. I bought this game from the summer sale of 2015. I feel like I robbed the damn studio.9/10""An adventure unlike any other""Please let me know if I missed anything. You are also free to give me your own opinions! :)Thank you"
,Recommended,258520,13152512,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,outcoming,"This game is so fantastic. It's difficult to understand the story. But in the end, every piece of puzzle falls into place and makes sence. Also, the ending is heartbreakingly good. I recommend this game for everyone that enjoys stunningly beautiful graphics, with a story that enters your heart and opens the world of Ethan Carter, leaving traces of your soul in it."
,Recommended,258520,16466034,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SarS,"F12""This game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand"" it says.F12O really?F12Then why my hand always on F12 key?F12P.S.: amazing story, beautiful open world, good puzzles. And one more thing... F12"
76561198040945097,Recommended,258520,12354433,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Anderaal,"In mind of audiobooks this one is something that you might best call a playbook.Just like in Dear Esther or the Myst series, the engine of this title is primarely a vehicle to tell a well written story, while the gameplay is only implemented for the interaction and immersion of the player. It is nothing you can just consume like a movie. It is something you need to work with in order to get the story for reward.In Dear Esther you just needed to press [W] an move the mouse for this reward. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter now is a little bit more demanding, because of its paranormal detective puzzles. But still, everything is easy to solve and most of the time it is not much more demanding than reading a book.This was fine to me, because when I bought this one, I didn't expect a intellectual challenge like Myst or Riven. I just expected a good story in a graphical invironment and after my playthorugh I can tell you: Hell yeah. It was a great experience!"
76561197993699812,Recommended,258520,15466828,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[Mb] Killian,Brilliant interactive movie
76561198086661830,Recommended,258520,14604425,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JrSage,"If Stephen King and H.P. Lovecraft ever wrote a visual novel together, this would be it. I highly recommend it for those in need of a good spine-tingling mystery!"
,Recommended,258520,14630347,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Sparrowhawk,The game took me 5 hours to beat and that was with me taking my time and having to figure things out. Some might see this and say it's too short. It's not. The game is so immersive and story-driven and gorgeous that it's more than enough time for a great experience
,Recommended,258520,14634854,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,mail man,"Such a charming game, starts off slow but after about an hour in the games full potential shines brightly through.  Both a stunning and well designed game, would deffinitly recomend!"
76561198015497259,Recommended,258520,31702058,Posted: 12 May,all,VipeR,This was a great and a unique game. Not a long game but a satisfying one. I cant put it into words how this game felt but if you like mystery with a supernatural feeling then its a must play.
76561198120360504,Recommended,258520,17107045,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Sombra,"This is a difficult game to review - in a good way. :)*Note - I am writing this reviews as a slightly prejudiced and a huge fan of plot driven adventure games, a person who was, you could say, ""raised"" on classic adventure games, such as the cherished Broken Sword, Lucas Arts' Monkey Island, Full Throttle, legendary Grim Fandango, and Gabriel Knight. I also have experience with more recent adventure titles, such as Agatha Christie games, Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy, and various lesser known indie and non-indie titles from all eras of adventure games.The game begins with a warning (now I'm keen on thinking of it as more of a product disclaimer, literally) - - -""THIS GAME DOES NOT HOLD YOUR HAND.""(Implying: Don't curse our names while waving your fist around if you find that fact annoying while playing, as you have been rightly warned) :DAnd it's true, all the way.Let's start with the game itself.This game is beautiful. Period. One of the most detailed, nuanced and stunningly jaw-dropping visuals I have ever seen in a game, not just within the adventure branch.You are inserted deep in Pennsylvania countryside, and as it's seems, and it's fall. The most nostalgic part of the year. You play as Paul Prospero, an experienced, observant and world-weary detective who ""specializes"" in supernatural stuff. Prospero's voice acting andinternal monologues are very well-done, and quite badass IMHO, and even if there isn't that much voice actingin the game, the main protagonists come off as pretty well-rounded.You are investigating the disappearance of a young boy, named Ethan Carter, who had sent a cryptic letter toPaul Prospero's (your) address, warning him (you) of his upcoming disappearance and strange events happening in Red Creek Valley, in Pennsylvania.Well enough for a plot, and there are many more things for you to discover. The story is layered, emotionally charged, quite original,and takes you for a ride in some unexpected directions. And that's a good thing. Admittedly, I have not yet finished the game, but I am working on it. ;)The game revolves around A LOT of exploration in your environment and surroundings, looking around for objectsor traces of disturbance, and trying to ""reconstruct"" what happened at that place, some time ago.Our world weary detective Prospero also has supernatural powers, as he can literally ""reconstruct"" a crime scene,by seeing murder victims, collecting objects associated with the incident and placing them where they were during the time of the event/crime/struggle, etc.Takes a while to get used to, although I believe it's an innovative and well-utilized approach.Soundtrack is excellent, soothing most of the time, mysterious and intense when it needs to be - and helps very much to tell the story in it's own way. Every specific location in the game has it's own theme; which only adds to the overall excellent atmosphere of mystery and exploration.The game is very atmospheric - while not exactly a ""horror"" game (although there are a few REALLY good scares, belive me), best description that would fit would be ""supernatural thriller"" - think David Lynch's Twin Peaks series , and Lovecraft's or maybe Robert Louis Stevenson's supernatural fiction, combined with a soothing and meditative strollthrough the woodland outbacks.You are free to explore the game at your own pace, and in your own way. You can solve the puzzles in any order you see fit, and that is quite good.Freedom of movement and exploration in the beautiful outbacks is quite generous, too.So, what's the problem, you may ask? What makes this gripping, atmospheric and emotional story a tough one to review, and to recommend?Well, it's like this...There is <NO> inventory. Nothing. Nada. Rien. Zip.Also, no compass, and no map whatsovever. No way to get your bearings. The map isnt' that much of a problem, really - because you can get around pretty fast and it's not that tough to get your bearings, and it also makes a good orientation practice.The complete lack of inventory is a bigger problem, given that you do have to collect some important items in the game,and there is no way to see or examine them further once you've collected them. So, you better remember well what you've picked up and where. I know that it's supposed to make the game feel as an ""artistic"" and unique experience, different from other adventure titles, but it makes sense for an experienced supernatural detective to maybe, just maybe, know what he has in his coat and pants pockets, right? Right...?But the worst thing of all (and this doesn't affect all gamers/reviewers equally, but it did bother me quite a bit) - the wacky, counter-intuitive and unhelpful saving system.There is NO way to save manually. The game does have autosave function - but ONLY after the game decided thatyou have ""made progress"", reconstructed a crime scene, reached a place of importance, or something like that. On the plus side, you can't ""do"" anything wrong, or in the wrong order - you are completely free to play the game in the order you wish, no need to worry about making ""mistakes"" that will be saved and block you from advancing, or things like that. Although, do expect having to collect some items again and to play through some areas again if the game did not autosave.As I said, it doesn't bother everyone - but it bothered me. Not enough to give up on the game, no way, but still; certainly not a plus IMO. Did the developers make it that way to make us work harder on puzzle solving? Or just a ploy to ""extend"" the game experience?You be the jugde. :)Graphics are stunning, true - but if you want the game in full detail and lag-free, you better have a decent current-gen graphics card, and minimally 2GB RAM. This is also not often seen in the tradition of adventure video games; hardware demands. While not staggering, they are higher than with your usual adventure title. Truth be told, graphics and visual experience  justify it at least to an extent.There is the possibility of a lagging, which is also a minus - try changing the ""camera smoothing"" option, and if need be, get rid of anti-aliasing and some other stuff. Even though I can play it decently with an incredible amount of detail and in high configuration, it still sometimes lags just a bit with my GeForce GTX650.Do I recommend this game? That's a tough one. I have hit ""thumbs up"", but only because it was mandatory. :P xDWhy?Because, as with most things in life - it depends. :)If you want an emotionally rich and mysterious story, and you want to get lost in the woods (this game is good to tun to iyou're stressed or tense, it comes as a soothing experience, trust me), this is the right game for you.If you like  slow-paced, meditative and mysteryious experience, this is the right thing.If you enjoy a lot of quirky and offbeat dialogue with many characters in the game (similar to LucasArts classics), then it's not the best choice. If you enjoy faster-paced adventure games with some guidelines, you might try looking somewhere else.As for the price range, I would suggest grabbing it if there's a Steam discount available.I would even recommend it to newcomers to adventure genre - honestly, it might even sit better with newcomersthan veterans, because it is a fair departure from most of the other ""cult"" status titles.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter brings something new to the beloved adventure genre. How successful it is?Get lost in the woods and solve the mystery for yourself! :)"
76561198019310498,Recommended,258520,12284333,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Flavius the Killa,"Plays like Myst games, with some interesting story mechanics, and a good ending."
,Recommended,258520,31652297,Posted: 9 May,all,Artibius,"PROS:+ pretty visuals+ great soundtrack+ piecing together clues in investigations+ mines part+ FREE Redux versionCONS:- really short game time- basically no replayability- world feels empty/hollow after a whileComment:The game looks great, especially the grand hilltop and lake views. This makes the game sometimes choppy, though I guess that depends on your settings. I suspect turning of motion blur caused it for me. There is a warning right at the start that the game does not hold your hand. And truly, while you do click on text that appears, you usually need to directly look and pinpoint some items for text to appear. In this way it really feels like an investigation where you need to FIND stuff and put it together. Trying to move from one clue to the other can be annoying sometimes as old text flashes and swirls around. But this is actually the way the game communicates with you what you should find next. The puzzles are not that hard if you play puzzle games. At first you have no idea who you are supposed to be and can only guess if this is some psychic-powered detective. Throughout all of it you put together pieces of a story. But it is not easy to get what is reality and what are just whacky stories of a little boy. The mines part was the coolest section in my opinion due to the sudden shift of tone which surprised me and was quite thrilling. It had some Cthulhu vibes which was very cool. The ending was okay, I guess, though compared to some previous scenes it felt less engaging/emotional. Worthy of note is also the Redux version which does not look better or worse but just slightly different. This version is a separate Library entry which is received upon buying the standard game. Let's do a brief summary - the game is interesting, the music great and the detective dynamics are cool. However it feels a bit short, with puzzles far from each other, as most of the game time you walk through empty places without interaction. If you like walking simulators and/or adventure detective games then this game is for you.P.S.:I also found a bug (or maybe intentional feature?) with the ""Unfinished story"" achievement that consists of doing 3 parts. After I did part 1 and 2 fairly early on in the game I did not find part 3. Maybe because I played the game in two sessions instead of one or maybe there is a time limit. Either way I had to backtrack all the way back and do part 1 and 2 again (they will reappear) and then to part 3 again (NOTE: see the elevator shortcut near the dam so you do not WALK all the way from where you came)------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
76561198027335715,Recommended,258520,31673624,Posted: 10 May,all,Codee Dee,Note: I played the Redux edition on my first playthough and it took about 5 hours. Played the original for my second playthrough and it took an hour and a half.Pros:- Very Unique- Excellent soundtrack- Visually Stunning. I wanted to screenshot everything.- Immersive- Did not experience any bugs or glitches while playing.Cons:- Very short. Completed the game and got every achievement except for one in about 6 hours- Muddy Story. I've played through the story twice and although it makes somne sense there is still a lot of unanswered questions.- Annoying bug where the voice audio would not be played. Only happened once. (Original edition only)8.5/10Tips- play the redux eddition- The soundtrack will help you if you pay attention to it.
,Recommended,258520,16586637,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,stilnoct,"Part murder mystery, part walking simulator, part puzzle game.The Lovecraftian story is what finally made me buy the game, it was mentioned on a highly rated review so I figured I'd put this on the top here.Probably the prettiest game I have played to date, the first ten minutes I just walked around looking at the scenery basically.The story, world and atmosphere are all top notch, really well made.The only thing I need to stress is keep your eyes open and don't rush through the areas since that will probably end up in you back tracking alot.I can't wait to see what comes next from The Astronauts!"
,Recommended,258520,12334382,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Artyom Havok,Best looking thing I've ever seen in the Unreal Engine for sure.  It could have sworn i was looking at a cryengine build merged with source.Very good story. Its kinda like Dear Esther+Gone Home+Alan Wake=pretty great explorer wihtout combatOnly complaint/advice DO EVERYTHING IN THE GAME before you move on so you dont have to fast tavel back to the begining then spend an hour walking back to the end room just to get the credits... ie find all the traps as soon as you start a new game.
,Recommended,258520,15167362,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Arius Vaitso,"I'll get the most obvious thing out of the way first by stating unequivocally that as of the date when this review was written,The Vanishing of Ethan Carteris the most gorgeous game in existence. The last time I remember seeing graphics that I almost couldn't believe existed was in the summer of 1997 when they began advertising the pre-rendered FMV cutscenes fromFinal Fantasy VII. There is - quite frankly - nothing to even compare it to graphically at the moment beyond simple stylistic examples, of which the closest competitor might beDear Esther.The soundtrack is very good for setting the vaguely-unsettling mood that drives the plot of the game at a nice, unhurried pace. While none of the tracks are overly thematic - you won't be whistling the bridge song tomorrow afternoon - they're finely crafted and handsomely performed.The gameplay itself is essentially a walking simulator mixed with an extremely easy point-and-click adventure game; in other words, nothing to write home about but effective nonetheless. Mechanically, the entire purpose of the game is to uphold a beautiful story, a function that is served amazingly well, in part because the mythos itself is so grippingly bizarre in a Cthulhu-like way.My final verdict is that the game is essentially flawless for what it is and what it set out to be; a great many AAA development studios could learn a thing or two from looking atThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter."
,Recommended,258520,17045333,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Hispeeday,Beautiful. Stunning. Aurial Galore. And a nice story with a twist. Definitely recommended for a few good hours of mystery gameplay.
76561197985286582,Recommended,258520,24012057,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JuanSen TapSen,"A unique ""walking simulator"" that can be easily put on the top 3 adventure games. It successfully manages to create a truly astonishing world which you can explore and get immersed in, by using a special graphical technique called ""photogrammetry"". By doing so, it eliminates the ""tiling effect"" which can sometimes be very easily observed and can break the effect of immersion - basically, this means that almost every texture in the world created by the developers is unique: it simply looks gorgeous! And all of this is accompanied by the fact that the developers put the same amount of effort into the game's sound design, voice acting and story, all being excellent.In conclusion, even though it is a little bit short (it took me just 4 hours to complete it - I know it says that I've only played for 1.5 hours; It is not true because I've played the Redux version, which is separated from the base game), I definitely recommend this game when it's on a sale - basically it is a steal! A must-play for every adventure enthusiast our there!Also, be sure to play the Redux version that comes for free when you buy the game, if your computer can handle it! Not only that it comes with improved graphics and features which can be important to some, but it also fixes some gameplay aspects that some complained about."
,Recommended,258520,12423211,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Admiral Nemo [JSSG],"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter can only be described as an interactive, narrative driven vision of beauty telling a horrific tale that will grip you until the very moment the story ends.From the moment Paul Prospero comes into this world, the Vanishing of Ethan Carter will strike you with its visual beauty and eerie atmosphere. Be it a stain of blood on the ground or a distant sound on the wind, you'll never feel completely safe in Red Creek Valley.The first thing that came to my mind when I jumped into The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was that it did not look like an Unreal Engine game, especially not Unreal Engine 3. This is a technical achievement all on its own by the developers. The draw distance alone as well as lush environments show that The Astronauts succeeded where many AAA developers failed miserably. Naturally there are no loading screens.Granted, the game requires a pretty powerful PC to run which is where I think the game has its biggest flaw. The game is decently optimized and I personally was getting solid frame-rates in outdoor areas with most of the settings set to High.Is The Vanishing of Ethan Carter a game? No. Just as with many other ""games"" in this not-so-well-defined genre(like Dear Esther for example)The Vanishing of Ethan Carter only comes close to being a game during the crime scene investigation... let's call them puzzles.It is a narrative driven experience which focuses on the story and immersing you in the world. It does so very wellbecauseit doesn't have guns or well defined gameplay mechanics such as skill trees and weapon upgrades. It will tell you it won't hold your hand and this is quite true.This approach means you will have to figure out the mechanics for yourself and you have to do so in order to advance the story.The crime scene investigation mechanic works in such a way that you have to find and restore objects to their original location and then linking a chain of events together by playing them back in the right order. This is where your supernatural powers come into play. My first experience with the crime scene investigation mechanic was for the most part looking around and clicking on objects it will draw your attention to. The way it does that is by hovering texts above the object in question. When you click on said text it shows you a thought process that in turn gives you clues as to what you are looking for.It is a way of informing you what to do while not ruining the immersion with a HUD notification or by pausing the experience.If only more game developers would take that approach.Story-wise the game will show you various events that you access through investigating crime scenes. While you can solve each of the mysteries in whichever order you please, the main story doesn't start coming together until you have solved at least half of them. Finding stories left by Ethan in the world will give you an idea of what is really going on and while there is a big twist, I think most people will have realized it long before it actually happens.Ifthey payed enough attention to the stories, newspaper cut-outs and other minor clues that are left around in the world for you to find.I would love to give more of an example but the story is hard to write about without giving away major(or minor)spoilers. I will say though that the writing is very good, I never had any problems with the dialogue although the voice-acting didn't always fit.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a great addition to my Steam library and while I got it on sale it isin my opinionworth the 19 Euros that it currently costs on Steam.I want to see more games like this and I want to see what The Astronauts come up with next."
76561197970517946,Recommended,258520,13802308,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HowlerMonkey,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short game, but I quite enjoyed it.  It has a wonderful sense of atmosphere: beautiful environments, lovely music, and a mystery to drive you forward.  The story was smaller in scope than I originally thought, but I liked it.The puzzles were not hard, but they were interesting enough to give me a sense that I was solving the mystery, and I genuinely enjoyed how their investigation system would bring up multiple observations and new questions, rather than just stating observable facts.My only complaints were some bad framerate when transitioning between areas and some unnecessary backtrack at the end.  My computer only has 4GB of ram, so the game paged memory to disc pretty aggressively, but it settled down once I got to the next area.  The backtracking was not required by the game design, but rather me not knowing where to go after one particular cause-and-effect puzzle."
76561197971110081,Recommended,258520,15146660,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Morzileuil,"Le plus beau ""jeu"" auquel j'ai jamais joué jusque là. Plus une enquête qu'un jeu. Plus une expérience de jeu qu'une enquête.Un ovni vidéoludique ..."
,Recommended,258520,22613104,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Dojan,"Would I recommend this game to you? Thats depends on what typ of game you are looking for. If you are looking for a puzzel game, I wouldnt recommend the game but if you are looking for a good story I would"
,Recommended,258520,16611962,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Disp0sition,"This game definitely doesn't hold your hand. There are missable sequences and the puzzles are reminiscent of old point and clicks at times. For the most part, though, the world is well layed out and interesting to navigate.Its beautiful enough looking to make the searching for objects and clues not-boring. The story is definitely enjoyable without being pretentious or overly complicated. Took me just under 3 hours (I might have referred to a guide so sue me) so I think it's well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,258520,34125948,Posted: 9 August,all,SASq,"10/10 (*Redux version)Game with really good idea, story, graphic, music and atmosphere with only one cons for me ... too short game -.-… just never stop dreaming … and what coming next … another story :)"
76561197994563865,Recommended,258520,34358149,Posted: 19 August,all,MidgetofDoom,This game is like if twin peaks was an adventure game. I like twin peaks and I like adventure games. The biggest pro was the fangs chapter was quite an inspired experience. The only con for me was the opening sentence about hand holding I felt was pretentious. Especially as it wasn't even that difficult of an adventure game. I guess maybe they were marketing this to another crowd but nonetheless a very good game. Albiet a little short.
76561197976513190,Recommended,258520,12560722,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,pencom6,"Excellent game, very sad at the end however I enjoyed the seneary and the whole adventure/investigation mechanics. What stunning sceneary. Well done"
,Recommended,258520,12544849,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dredrick,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short, but sweet journey. Is often labeled as more of an expierence, than a game, but you will find it to be far more interactive than the advanture games it is often compared to.Best experienced in 1 evening, so clear 4 hours in your schedule, turn off the lights, and remember to stop and look at the breathtaking scenery."
,Recommended,258520,12562551,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Ari Rakis,"*NO SPOILERS, DON'T PANIC* A short and melancholy old school adventure game in glorious photo-sourced 3D. Despite many reviewers disliking the end I have to disagree, I found it quite fitting for the mood and a nice way to bring everthing back down to Earth after working through a fantastical tale.The puzzles are fairly simple, but the game's refusal to give any hints makes them much more satisfying than other modern mystery games' hand holding investigations. The answers are always there, but you have to take a deep breath, read whats on screen and think through your actions, not just curse the game and look up a walkthrough.I highly recommend giving it a play, especially if you'd like a nice walk through a New England town, trickled with some gruesome crimes in need of your expert wit as a paranormal detective."
,Recommended,258520,12542722,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,siraniks,"It's really amazing but short, the environment beauty is amazing set your PoV to higher value so you can appreciate the beauty of the game.BRAVO for this one! I really enjoy, I wish there was a sequel for this one."
,Recommended,258520,18147958,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Harrison Saab,"Nice, but no replay value, buy it on sale since it's just 4,2 hours long."
,Recommended,258520,16132640,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,eevil.auntie,"Beautiful graphics even on low settings, beautiful music and truly great atmosphere that left a lasting impression on me.  The story is the main focus here, which IMO totally justifies the shortness of the game (no unnecessary padding) and maybe even the lack of manual saving - there was just one sequence in which it was possible to ""die"" (as in get kicked back to the previous autosave point), and in that case the checkpoint was so close it didn't bother me at all.My only annoyance with this game was the technical bug some people experience at startup (see forum), but I solved that in just a few minutes by fiddling with the graphics settings. Also the spinning camera gave me motion sickness, so that's something to keep in mind if you're sensitive to that sort of thing.Some reviews have called this game a glorified walking simulator, and sure, it is pretty linear and the puzzles aren't particularly difficult. But it does also have elegant gameplay mechanics and multiple story layers that made me eager to keep playing and unraveling the mystery. If you like immersion and moderately paced, contemplative storytelling you'll probably enjoy this game. If you go in expecting tons of jumpscares and action... well, you won't find them but you might enjoy the game anyway."
,Recommended,258520,29510907,Posted: 26 January,all,doomguy,"Played the Redux versionThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a beautifuly crafted game. You really have the sense that the game is eveything the developers wanted it to be - so it's very well made.Very atmospheric, with stunning visuals. Impecable audio with a gracious soundtrack. Somewhat compeling story that doesn't dissapoint in the end.Totally worth playing, and for some reason it completely blew my mind at parts - something i would not have expected from a relax, explore, take-in-the sceneray story game."
76561197979288830,Recommended,258520,12459765,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,StudiodeKadent,"An atmospheric, sometimes scary Lovecraft-esque adventure game with stunning graphics.Detective games are hard to do, since it is difficult to make the player feel like it is THEY who are performing the deductions/making the inferences. LA Noire and Murdered: Soul Suspect both failed to give the player this feeling, but The Vanishing of Ethan Carter IMO manages to nail it. The ""crime scene chronology"" mechanic is fantastic, elegant yet requires the use of your brain to make inferences from the clues. Having to return the scene of the crime back to how it was when the deceased was killed is also a nice touch and makes sense for a ""psychic detective.""The graphics are frankly gorgeous, although unfortunately the performance isn't as stable as it should be.The plot is good (although the ending can feel like a bit of an M. Night Shyamalan cop-out-twist-bordering-on-a-deus-ex-machina), the music is very appropriate and fitting, and I enjoyed my time with the game.The big drawback is the game's length; it can easily be finished in less than four hours.I'd advise buying the game if you love horror games, adventure/mystery/puzzle games, or just deeply atmospheric games in general. However, you may want to wait for a sale.The gameplay mechanics for the investigation scenes, however, are excellent, and I hope The Astronauts is planning to make more games like this... if this game is intended as a ""proof of concept"" for their idea of how to make a detective game, then I'd say they've proven their concept with flying colors.PROS:+ Best investigation mechanics I've yet encountered in a detective game+ Atmospheric+ Incredible graphicsCONS:- Brief- Uneven graphical performanceOverall: Fans of horror and/or adventure games should certainly consider purchasing this game."
,Recommended,258520,14453216,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ROW,"a blissfull reminder that a game can be fuly beautifull and griping. a wonderfull soulful story that i couldent put down until complete.worth every penny and i for one will look out for anymore games by this dev team.""sex for the eyes and ears"""
,Recommended,258520,13498769,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tekie,"This is an impressive game, that will take your breath away with its visual style and level of detail. The story is interesting and fairly captive.The only downside I can think of is the length of the story. You can easily finish the whole game in just under five hours."
,Recommended,258520,14035383,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bukkithead,"An utterly beautiful game, enthralling and mesmerising from start to finish. Akin to Portal, it's one of those short but as short as it needs to be games. The story and enviroment are incredibly immersive to a degree I've not sure I've seen in any other game. The game plays almost like a first-person interactive novel, and is a truly unique experience. Sadly due to the short length of the game I can't really recommend it at full price, but if you can pick it up in a sale it is absolutely worth it; one of the best games I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,258520,14585963,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Spacewolf,I could practically smell the trees and feel the wind as I walked around solving a mystery with a really satisfying conclusion.
76561198080038125,Recommended,258520,16444498,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hexvex,"Very beautiful and atmospheric investigation game with a few flaws.8/10  highly recommend but not at full price, wait for sales (50-60% off)Positives:-story-ambience, music, beautiful scenery-i did feel the horror element of the game through the whole game without actually fighting anything(accomplished through music and all the forest sounds, pretty creepy)-puzzles are interesting enough without being too hard-love how the world is open to explore and you can backtrack to collect achievements-enjoyed how they did the reconstruct what happened chronologically with ghosts and it reminded me a lot of Murdered : Soul SuspectNegatives:-save system is bad (game saves at predetermined spots which usually overlap with a chapter/mystery being solved)  Then again its not too long so most people will finish it in a sitting or two.-game is kinda short (around 4h i guess) but it also feels like a natural ending not forced or sped up. Only reason why i do think the game is one to buy on a sale.Conclusion:Make more games like these, Really good and ejoyable."
,Recommended,258520,12272776,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Erba,"The good: the graphic, the athmosphere, the settings, the audio, top notch. One of the finest work ever. It runs really fine on my old 560ti.The meh: 90% of enigmas are easy (but there is a tricky one that I didn't understand even with a video walkthrough and is necessary to end the game), the world is enormous (that's good) but I'd liked more interaction and secrets (there are secrets but this location deserves more). Only the first two 'time-trick' works great.The bad: is 4/5 hours long, the last quarter seems a little bit rushed."
,Recommended,258520,23970960,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pain meat,AMAZING story. and it's on sale. get it.
,Recommended,258520,13691683,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hawky,"Visually one of the best looking games of 2014 in my opinion, i was constantly stopping and taking screenshots and being in awe at the beautiful scenery. A short but great story that makes you explore and have to think, with controls that arent clunky either. Accompanied by an amazing soundtrack this game is great for the price, worth picking up and getting stuck into."
,Recommended,258520,13513256,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,eltee,"(10/10)Utterly stunning work.  I really don't know what else to say.  It is an adventure style game, a bit more in the vein of myst than the classic point and click.  The execution though, was flawless and I mean that quite literally.  Every single aspect of what has made games like myst such classics has been executed to utter perfection.The graphics and sound are beyond immersive and pushing the boundries of what photo realism can achieve on current generation hardware.  The story is suble yet compelling.  The integration of puzzles is perfectly executed as a touch of surrealism that feels completely natural in this world of crumbling structures and abandoned buildings.Nothing is explained to you, but everything felt completely natural.  I even managed to solve one of the puzzles before I actually got to the 'hint/reference' area for it, simply by thinking and proceeding naturally based on the light/shadows/architecture and that was tremenduously satisfying.The 'user interface' such as it is, is just simple text tracing the thoughts of your character.   Puzzles that would otherwise be potentially punitively frustrating, have built in systems to help you along in a totally natural feeling way... Can't find something? when the text gets a little blurry, look around until you can focus and you can find your way forwards, etc.In the end though the main 'character' of the game is the world itself.  I could honestly just lose myself wandering through the paths and at times I felt like I already had.  I could swear I've seen bits and pieces of this world in my own life over the years and thats really utterly outstanding.Normally this is where I would reccomend it to fans of the genre or to people who like x or y.  Honestly though for something of this caliber, its appeal can transcend its genre completely.  Whoever you are, whatever you like, dim the lights, put this game on, and allow yourself to fall into its world and come out amazed."
,Recommended,258520,26799965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daniel,"One of the best looking games I've ever played. Photogrammetry was used to create many of the art assets on this game, this is certanly the future of AAA games as far graphics are concerned. The gameplay and storetelling are also on point, I definitely recommend this game, there is nothing quite like it out there."
,Recommended,258520,23845058,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RaiiZeR,i played this together with one of my friends because im a dumbass. i never regret my purchase of this game. i like the story alot. the graphics are screenshot worty.
76561198044946815,Recommended,258520,25772554,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[MAZA]Dr.Tesla,"Quite a simple game, nice story, a bit weird i would say. It took me 3.7 hours to finish with 100%.I recomend getting this on a big sale, just as i did, it's not worth 18.99, if i was to price it i would go at 5-7 euros."
,Recommended,258520,32515730,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Awesome stories and graphics. If I wasn't solving puzzles or figuring out what's going on I was admiring the environment.
,Recommended,258520,21331597,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hex Senpai,"NOT worth $20!A beautiful game with easy to pick up, limited gameplay. Only took me 3 hours to beat(howlongtobeat.comsays its a 4hr average), and there are only 2 secret achievements that are not part of the main story (which take all of 10 mins to get).Only buy this game on sale, it's only worth about $5, no more than $10."
76561197964333682,Recommended,258520,12285009,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ray,"Great Atmosphere, fun game!Well worth the price."
,Recommended,258520,24664136,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,KHFan20,"What's this? An artsy game that's actually... good? Nah nah nah nah that's not possible... No developer could possibly make an artsy game without the pretentiousness that comes with it...Except for this one.This ""game"" (rather, interactive narrative), sets the bar for every indie developer out there looking to make the next ""Her Story"" or ""Gone Home"" or any other pretentious ""game"" out there.The visuals are stunning; Unreal Engine 4 makes the game look absolutely gorgeous. The plot remains interesting throughout the entirety of the game, and I was never drawn out from the experience. The music is beautifully written, and the dynamic of it is superb (dynamic meaning it changes seamlessly depending on whatever you're looking at).I also love the stylization of the text whenever you inspect clues; it adds to the immersiveness of playing as a detective.My only complaint is that it's not worth $20. Pick it up whenever it's 75% off though, and you'll definitely be intrigued finding Ethan Carter."
,Recommended,258520,12752349,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tsul,"It's touching, beautifully rendered, succient yet layered, and deserves a spot on the great Shelf of the Worthwhile."
,Recommended,258520,12588139,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,squattingpenguins,"Great game with light ""paranormal activities"" in the air, fantasy mixed with sci-fi and  detective books :) Great Mix, And Great Final."
76561198024972696,Recommended,258520,13489659,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DALCOhstangultion,"Interesting game.  I'll start with the negatives, though.  First, the game is a bit short.  It took me about 6 hours to finish the whole thing with all Achievments and exploring everywhere.  It's not a ""rushed"" or incomplete one, it just isn't one you're going to spend the next several days playing.  Second, most of the time in the game will actually be spent getting from mystery scene to mystery scene.  Once you're where you belong, solving the mysteries isn't all that difficult.  And finally, this is a ""no handholding"" game.  That's fine for the mechanics of the game:  it's trivial to interact with the world properly.  What it does need is a blurb on just what it is you're supposed to be doing.  I spent a couple of hours wandering around finding things and still had no idea what I was missing.  I'll give you a hint so you don't fall into that hole, too:  if you find a body, your job is to put the crime scene back to it's pre-crime state so you can re-create the thing.Now, the positives:  the game is absolutely beautiful.  It's got gorgeous scenery, design, ambience, acting, etc..  I can find no fault with it.  Plus, once you figure out what you're doing, the story is very interesting.I'm almost on the borderline on whether or not I recommend the game, though.  Why?  Because even though the game is beautiful, interesting and well-done, it IS still short.  I bought it on sale for $11.99 and that's just a bit high for the time you get to spend with the game (it has zero replayability since it's a mystery).  If you can find it for less than $10, I'd say go for it."
76561198025750384,Recommended,258520,33146508,Posted: 2 July,all,Zilliah,"This is NOT for those who dislike zombies!You're basically trying to find out what has happened to Ethan Carter.  It's a series of puzzles and mystery that is really enjoyable to go through.  Graphics and audio are really great!Now, if you're like me and cannot handle anything zombies, do NOT get this game.  I'm very sad that there was no tag for it because I rally enjoyed this game...until I found zombies.  Granted, they are not a huge part of the game, only in a small portion for a short period of time, but it was long enough for me to shut down the game and not return to it.Still recommend this game if you can handle zombies. :)"
,Not Recommended,258520,12415676,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Wemibelle,"Pros: Absolutely gorgeous, a stunning ambient soundtrack, and a smartly-written story that surprised me.Cons: Long stretches of boring walking, few things to actually do, and quite short (once you realize exploration is pointless).My biggest issue with this game is that there wasn't enough times where I actually got to do something.  There are two types of ""interactive"" encounters in the game: solving murders that have occurred through that spirit's memories and a handful of puzzles of varying complexity.  Unfortunately, there are far more of the former than the latter, with there only being three real puzzles in the entire game (and one of those barely counts as a puzzle).  The crime solving parts were interesting but too simplistic to really challenge me in any way.If you are coming to this looking for a purely narrative experience, it isn't bad (albeit a little overpriced).  If you're like me, however, and wanted a good first-person adventure game to sink your teeth into, this just doesn't have the legs to sustain that desire."
,Recommended,258520,32890966,Posted: 27 June,all,FIZZEK,Story 9/10Gameplay 8/10Graphics 10/10
76561198033448390,Not Recommended,258520,12505070,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,KittenBritches,"Interesting story, but not all THAT imaginative.  If you do not mind paying $20 for a video game that will only be played for a few hours, then by all means, purchase this game.  However, if you feel like putting that money toward a game that will give you more hours of enjoyment, I would not recommend this particular game."
76561197983740996,Not Recommended,258520,24448574,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Chane,"The vanishing of Ethan Carter is a strange game. Obviously, it's beautiful and looks great, but is there more? A classic soundtrack is triggered whenever necessary to support the strong, mystical and somewhat threatening mood. The game consists of ten different puzzles. Put together they tell a story. Personally, I did not like the story. Until the decryption of the last riddle there are quite a number of aspects in the story that make no sense.Some years ago I read a book that in the end turned out to be a dream, making the whole story meaningless. In a similar fashion this applies to 'The vanishing if Ethan Carter'. I don't think it is possible to find a clear verdict if this game deserves a recommendation or not. It's simply a matter of taste. And while I do understand the many positive reviews for this game, I can not join the group of proponents. You have to find out for yourself if you like this game or not.Pros:- beautiful graphics- strong atmosphere- good music- easy achievements- a piece of artCons:- somewhat a walking simulator- very brutal- dark, strange, bizarre story- short (10 puzzles)- linear- few moments of surprising joy- only things to do: read notes, find half a dozen items, arrange story events in the correct sequence- no side quests- you can't make any decisions- didn't touch me emotionally- no direct dialogues with NPCs, you can only listen- not challenging"
,Recommended,258520,12259365,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,AdamaBanana,"Visually, it is top notch, the graphics are brilliant. With its detective theme and puzzle solving, the open world aspect does make a nice and appropriate addition, instead of a generic 'Solve this puzzle on a completely different level/map' kind of game.The only downside, if any, is the save feature. It is only autosave. Though, with what I have played so far, only seems like a mild niusance."
,Recommended,258520,14819128,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Aprillion,"a superb atmospheric experience with very beautiful graphics (even if the polygon count is not quite perfect yet, I give it 5 years until the graphic cards will be able to render a photorealistic world).except for the jump scare in 1 of the puzzles in the mine (where I had to take off my headphones for a while), the game made me feel warmer at the soul wherever I walked by"
76561198157051840,Recommended,258520,13549153,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FirePufff,"I say it's an interesting experience, with gorgeous graphics, great music and sounds, and a good story.At some point it's a lot of walking around trying to figure out where to go next."
,Recommended,258520,13150669,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,supercrazy,"The world's visual glory might cloud the story but the unadorned gameplay steers narration with a clear focus and little regard to the player's ability to trail it. Pieces don't fall in place until the end, and the outcome might leave the player emotionally unrewarded. Nonetheless it compresses the game's themes into a satisfying whole.The story's hopefulness is its love letter to literature. It's the celebration of imagination and the naivistic nod to those who have tried to escape desolation in a dysfunctional family. It's the absence of absolute evil; Sleeper's function is not to frighten, it is to reflect our innermost needs."
,Recommended,258520,13532520,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,_n0rm,"I give it 8 out of 10. Definitely worth the $12 I paid for it. Graphics are great, music is great, gameplay is great-- kinda reminds me of myst. The only thing missing was a great ending. More connections in the innerworkings of the plots."
76561198094394734,Recommended,258520,16683697,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,dBatz,"Great story, fantastic graphics, unique puzzles (most of them). This game keeps you in from the beggining. You are free to approach the story from many ways, and this is a plus. I really enjoyed it and i think i completed in just one run. 7 hours of mystery, puzzles and eyecatching scenery."
76561198031997711,Recommended,258520,14379927,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,dclt05,"It's a little short, but goddamn is it beautiful.  Absolutely worth it just to sit there and stare at the world... if your computer can handle it that is.  Pay no mind to the recommendations, you need a high-end system to really get this game to function properly.  STill, its drop-dead gorgeous. Probably the prettiest game I've played since ""Dear Esther""  but with a much better plot and far better interface (since ""Dear Esther"" really had neither).  If you have the hardware, get this game, don't hesitate,"
76561197970616511,Recommended,258520,25375641,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JojoTheSlayer,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a good mystery detective adventure game in first person view. Its not too long, not too short (4-6h), not too easy, but not too hard ether. It looks good in Redux and doesnt have the frame sync issues the regular version can have for some. The game pacing plays well and has a satisfying ending. Its one of those games that the less you know, the more you will enjoy it and thats why I am being very superficial. I highly recommend this games Redux version if you are into “none guns” first person adventure games.(Note on game time: I mostly played the Redux version, but you need to install the regular one to post a review and you can get 3 cards from each. Thats why my game time in this verison is short. I have ca 7h in Redux.)"
,Recommended,258520,12396394,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,FaNatic`,"Due to its unique storytelling, engrossing sountrack, creative puzzles, unpredicatable plotline and beautiful use of the Unreal Engine, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter does an amazing job in captivating you within it's world and leaving you yearning to stay there."
,Recommended,258520,17918463,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bonnesson,Best graphics Ive ever seen in a video game.Story and gameplay was also very good.
,Recommended,258520,13892947,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,OnePlusOne | Qlimax,"Truly one of the most beautiful games I have every played.Sound/Music     10/10Graphics           20/10Visual Effects    10/10Mysterious        10/10Diversity            10/10 - A lot of paths to followSuch awesome graphics and it still runs extremely smooth, no lags nothing, so you can say its well optimized. It might not be such a long game and also not very action packed, however it is already worth it for all of the above.I did get the game on a Sale, but it is well worth the 19€."
,Recommended,258520,13961482,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dmitry Odd,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter promised huge emotions I received them. Passing I found (in the wood the grenade) I threw from the bridge went down and found the diver with the sniper's rifle. incredibly!!!My assessment = 10\10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=375525319
76561198048613093,Recommended,258520,13818218,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nosferatu Zodd,"A breath of fresh air to what I usually play, this game is beautiful to look at and I found myself wanting to explore every nook and cranny within Red Creek Valley (I did a rhyme!). While it could have been a longer experience, the story climaxed into an ending that is open to the players interpretation which was quite cool. Found it pretty creepy in some parts too and the soundtrack is very atmospheric (and also creepy)."
76561198124706309,Recommended,258520,23042153,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[FJB] STAIRWAVE/PascalMrHi23,"This game is beautiful. The Graphics are Immersive! there is almost 0 Gameplay except some minor puzzles but that doesnt matter. not only once you will stop with your Jaw dropped. Next is the story and it is just Mind Blowing. its intense and sad, the ending is also great. I can recommend it completely if you are into Mystery first person exploration games.If you ask yourself if you want to play the Redux or the first version of this Game, let me say the Redux version gains you double the FPS on Max settings and doesnt loose that much Visuals. for more Informations, check out my Benchmark comparison:https://youtu.be/epm7N79ghfk"
,Recommended,258520,15769074,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,gombi2014,"really , really good game !!!!!"
,Recommended,258520,22950369,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,snapppped,Amazing graphics (ran smoothly with max. settings on Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M) and perfect soundtrack - this game is really immersive and if I had an Oculus Rift I would really love to try it with this game. I played this in ~6.5hrs without trying to break any speed records... which might be considered short regarding the price.It took me while to fully understand the main characters special ability and how to use it - not sure if it was just me being too stupid or if a little tutorial in the beginning would be called for.I liked the puzzles which I think could be a bit more complex - but on the other hand more straight forward puzzles can avoid a lot of frustration for the players and difficulty is a very subjective thing...The story is great and in the end everything suddenly made some sense - even though a lot of players won't like the ending.If there was a sequel - I'd get it immediately. (9/10)
,Recommended,258520,12255126,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ethereal,"If you loved Myst, you need to buy this game.If you ever restrained yourself from looking up the solution to a puzzle because you were enjoying the game so much that you didn't want it to end sooner, you need to buy this game.If you loved the game Painkiller, you need to buy this game.If you've ever read a book so engaging it painted worlds with beauty beyond imagination, you need to buy this game.If you appreciate fine art, you need to buy this game.If you're a programmer or engineer and love to see things well done, you need to buy this game.If none of the above applies, buy this game to support the brilliant devs and then go read a book or two."
76561197983670658,Recommended,258520,13497653,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RDef,"Spooky, beautiful game. Makes use of mechanics from some of the Sherlock Holmes (although they may be from this game first). The music works really well to give you an idea of how you're progressing, and sets a really nice mood for the game."
76561198042276382,Recommended,258520,15227804,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Emile,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a very mysterious adventure game in an absolutely stunning environment. You are a detective who is to find a boy who has been missing. This game does not have a lot of game to it, and is very much a narrative focused experience, which I'm a huge fan of. The music really sets the tone together with the very high quality graphics and beautiful, well-crafted environments with immense mountains and lush forests. I especially liked the timing of the music, which really set the tone just right for every part of the world.By solving puzzles you unravel a series of very mysterious and macabre tales in the world. The puzzles aren't very difficult, but finding out what the puzzle actually is is a lot more challenging. I somehow managed to skip the first 2 puzzles and just walked straight by them, only to complete them at the end. I was simply not aware of the fact that those were puzzles. The game can feel a bit pretentious with its whole ""not holding hands"" at times, and can scare away newcomers to games.Other criticism I have is that, while the story is nicely told, it's not in every part of it. The character art, voice over and development really pales compared to the setting making it very hard to empathise with them. Furthermore, there are some very cheap jumpscares in the game that I thought were utterly unnecessary, and in adventure games I nearly always find inexcusable.In the end the story itself also doesn't have much of a lasting appeal even when so masterfully told, which is a problem I have with most of the games in the genre. It's however probably still my favourite game of 2014, and a huge recommendation.I'm feeling a light to a decent 8."
,Recommended,258520,13497322,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kazumm,"Graphics bring you in, and the sounds make you forget your playing a game."
,Recommended,258520,13101786,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,CoraTora,"Amazing, stunning, breath-taking. [more pretty words will go here later]If you like adventure games, pretty graphics or spooky stories, get this game!"
,Recommended,258520,16611524,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[FG]potato stick,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an extremely beautiful mystery game. I found myself applying a lot of thought while working through the puzzles and exploration in this game. To fully experience The Vanishing of Ethan Carter you need to pay attention to every cutscene and every clue that you come across. Don't use tutorials. The satisfaction that you get after completing a puzzle is what makes this game so rewarding. The graphics are stunning and the open world is seemlessly constructed. The story is truly amazing and it leaves you to decide how you want to interpret it. This game requires patience. I 100% reccommend the Vanishing of Ethan Carter to anybody looking for a challenging puzzle game.
,Recommended,258520,14430089,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Whe3ze,-Beautiful Graphics-Intereseting Story-Novel Gameplay Mechanics-(Too) Short (3-5 hrs)-Surprising Final Plot-Twist
76561197968934084,Recommended,258520,13542082,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FancyLad,"It's been a while since I played a game all the way through in a couple sittings.  I was intregued to see how each mystery turned out.  Played the first half with my kid, and I'm pretty sure they will have nightmares now, so I'll be sleeping on the couch while they sleep with mom.I would do it again.  Memorable experience."
,Recommended,258520,16704449,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,red,One of the best storytelling line and absolutly gorgeous level design. Almost certainly GOTY.Story’s done. And it’s a fine story. (c)
,Recommended,258520,16635585,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,maiorsolis,"I don't scare easy, but this game was honestly terrifying. Not in a ""horror"" kind of way, but in the constant sense of unease, that something awful had happened or will happen. What a thrill!the description is not kidding about ""atmospheric"". There are several chunks where you are just walking but they are not boring because of the incredible amount of detail: the wind, rustling leaves, creaking floors, water, anything that should make a sound or be in a scene is therethe music matches the scene - lighter and hopeful in open natural spaces, and creepier, darker music in places that are meant to freak you out a little. It's also not distracting from your goals, which is always a big plus for me personallythe puzzle are not very difficult, and I found myself being able to complete the game without looking for a walkthrough online! Finally, a puzzle game that didn't make me feel stupidthe story itself is incredibly ambiguous from start to finish. To be honest I still have no idea what happened - but that is not a bad thing. I do not regret bying this game at all.the ending is just as ambiguous as the story, and how I first interpreted it made me feel something. I like it when atmoshperic games make me feel something. It completes the experiencethe only thing that might deter you is that this game has no replay value. But other than that, I strongly recommend it to people who are fans of mystery, atmospheric, exporer, subtle horror genre."
76561198031445337,Recommended,258520,16403851,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MyoBeeRye,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a cerebral adventure-mystery that'll keep you hooked until you finish it. Like fo' real. That's what I did. Great music, great visuals, and an engrossing story. If you like story-heavy games and puzzle/mystery games that don't hold your hand, you'll enjoy this!"
,Recommended,258520,16408474,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DIN_TAI_FUNG,"Beautiful scenery got me distracted, got jumpscared and instant heart attack.10/10 would heart attack again."
76561197970380355,Recommended,258520,15748728,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Pisha,"Very atmospheric game, creepy in places yet with a good story I found very engaging. Some really nice aspects of the game mechanics used to tell events and stories. Very good game."
,Recommended,258520,15284732,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Rocky,"Absolutely STUNNING in 3D.Absolutely terrible save system.If you have cash to buy Nvidia 3d glasses, just do it. Amazing."
76561198013156751,Recommended,258520,15191406,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,templestars,"A game with a deep and intrigue story, I almost cannot stop play the game. The scenario is astonishing and breath taking.Although the game play is slow and not made for the action gamers, the idea of “not holding your hand” kind of investigation is a detail that makes the game wonderful to be played. The best part is to lose yourself in a big detailed place where you can go anywhere whenever you want.I strongly recommend this game for those that like its style."
76561198067363835,Recommended,258520,16058644,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Bladez9,Very good one
76561198037813486,Recommended,258520,15144339,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Diswin,Totally awesome.
,Recommended,258520,14280895,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,spookydoom,"This game is made to be an experience more than a traditional game. It's compareable to ""Dear Esther"" but with a lot more mystery. The most important thing to be aware of before buying: Don't buy it as a traditional game. Once you've figured out what the game expects you to do it's very short (I finished it in 4.5 hours). If you want to see it like a movieesque experience it's well worth it's price.It's super beautiful, it's eerie and it's best played without knowing too much about it beforehand.If you like storytelling, slower pace, beautiful environments and a more poetic style like Poe or Lovecraft then this game is probably right for you."
76561197990769600,Recommended,258520,14573973,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gramification,"If you're into WTF just happened then yes, play this game. It's beautiful and insane. If you like puzzles that frustrate then get this game. If you like turning off all the lights and turning your headphones up get this game. If you like F-ing with someone buy them this game. Got it on a whim and while I hate puzzle games just the sheer atmosphere of this game and noir story have me intruiged. Granted yea I haven't played very long but I'm prone to snap judgements and since it's late I had to call it but I'm already piecing together where I left off and where I went wrong so I might continue tomorrow. I'm a simple guy and this game isn't."
,Recommended,258520,15166950,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,JuN_,"Great game, something different, a creepy atmosphere nice graphics , really enjoyable even if quite short"
,Recommended,258520,15172265,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,🎃 ::Egan::,"You know those point-and-click adventure games? How about the bad ones where you have no clue what you're next supposed to do so you start clicking on everything that might be interactable? This game is a lot like that, except here there are no boundaries limiting you to certain sections, so you just wander past the next interactable object (because you didn't see it), which ends up making the next goal to find next to impossible. I ended up reading a walkthrough on how to progress and it was just like the aformentioned point-and-click games, tiny pixel perfect bs solutions, except now we're on a gigantic island.That being said, after finding the solutions, I really like the game overall just because I crave this sort of thing and it's one of the better cases of it that I've played."
,Recommended,258520,15164006,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Niehaus,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a very high quality game, with one minor problem, its length. I completed the whole thing, as well as a run all the way back to the start to complete a silly achievement, in under 3 hours. That stated, I found the atmosphere amazing, the game mechanics intuitive, and the story quite interesting. If this game is on sale and you have a free night, pick it up and you won't regret it. It's easily worth a movie ticket and the quality FAR surpasses nearly anything you would get on the big screen, for around the same price."
,Recommended,258520,15167122,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,thecoffindodger,Fantastic graphics !
,Recommended,258520,15176010,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Arcmor\Sam,"So to begin with I picked this game up for £6 on sale.This game has beautiful Music & Graphics, right from the word go.  You can roam freely and explore and gather clues at your own pace. There is no hand holding so at somepoints it will require a little bit fo thinking in order to progress the story, But that shouldn't put people off, no degree is needed.  Exploring and getting deeper into the story you will find the hours just slip away, you can very easily melt into this game.Would i Recommend this game to someone? yes. but only if they like puzzle / mystery games with good ambience and immersion.Would I buy this game at full price... ermm Yes"
76561198030736622,Recommended,258520,15144541,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,bojangles8u,"I happened to really like this game, the graphics are unreal. They rival AAA game quality and when paused, the beautiful landscape could be easily mistaken for a HD wallpaper. The plot I personally enjoyed, I really like that kind of story and it always had quite a few twists that made me question what was even going on. The gameplay itself was fantastic, all very smooth. They had a great selection of voice actors coupled with a good music soundtrack to really give an almost unsettling atmosphere that works wonderfully within the game. I bought this game at full price, so a sale is an even better reason to buy it."
76561197965532102,Recommended,258520,15215838,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Barnesy,"A great puzzle piece story wrapped in a dark sticky macabre blanket. Stunning visual displays- bonus.Vanishing of Ethan Carter unfolds  as a mystery game  should. It allows the player to immerse themselves into their enviroment and surroundings without making it too monotonous or difficult to the point where you lose track.You 'want' to explore and be able to find the next clue or hidden section of the map. The crisp stunning visuals make a great time just walking around, trying to discover an area you havnt been, or an item you need to find.As the game states in the beginning 'it does not hold your hand' when it comes to completing the story or anything for that matter. You teach you how to go about piecing the puzzle for each mystery/scene back together, which can be challenging and maybe frustrating for some, but its a good element to this game, and makes it more rewarding once complete a scene.There is no map, no quest maker or directional help, inventory or hud assistance. It leaves alot to the imagination, but majority just takes some logical thinking and diligent exploring, making sure nothing is missed.The story is good and gripping enough, with metophorical narration filling alot of it. At some points i was a little confused, but it all ties in eventually.Id definitely recommend this game just for the free and ungated play syle, letting you play at your own pace, and really getting into the detective sprirt and making you think, and search and ponder.Didnt want to spoil too much of the story, but would say it is has a slight Alan Wake feel, mixed with some Silent Hill eerie'ness nestled in a quiet countryside town etc, The graphics alone make you feel like you're there living it.8/10"
,Recommended,258520,15208068,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TitStain,"This game is gorgeous!!!  The textures and design are nothing short of delicious.  The story is really engaging and kept me and my SO hooked start to finish.  We are Myst junkies so we love puzzles and mystery.  We spent a solid hour just scowering the forrest for pieces of something that wasn't there.I guess the only sad thing about this game is it really is quite easy complete.  The puzzles usually solve themselves, or have the answer somewhere near by.  In the Myst series we were used to searching everywhere for clues to the answer for the next puzzle.  Not necessary in this game.INCLUDING the hour spent in the forrest we beat this game in one afternoon (4 hours).  Which was pretty disapointing.We only spent $8 on sale so it really didn't offend us, the visuals and the way they played out the story was absolutely worth it.TLDR; GREAT GAME - EASY - DEDICATE AND AFTERNOON AND GO START 2 FINISH"
,Recommended,258520,15246558,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Papa_Bear_Died,"This game, like any other good narrative, will grab ahold of you and draw you in from the very first minute. Envoking curiosity, apprehension, fear and mystery all while giving you an awe inspiring, highly detailed and beautiful environment to experience it all in. This is a truly spectacular experience despite being a bit short lived."
,Recommended,258520,13216296,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Madbat,"Overall it's a good game. The graphics are great looking, and the overall ambience works well. As to the plotline, it's good, but nothing outstanding, it seems to fall a bit flat at the end though. I'd recommend picking it up on sale."
,Recommended,258520,13507322,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an absolute beauty of a game, from its stunning environmental landscapes to the fantastic atmospheric sound effects that you hear while walking around. I feel that this game has a mix of L.A. Noire with Dear Esther and a bit of Amnesia: The Dark Descent thrown in.The story is very good and the ending is very good too. Although the game is pretty short, with only a 3-4 hour length in gameplay, it is still worth getting! Also, The Astronauts made a prequel comic which you can read to find out what happened before the events that take place in the game.The voice acting, although not the greatest I've heard, it is pretty good but don't expect to hear AAA voice actors in this gameThe environment as mentioned before is stellar and beautiful in many ways, I would recommend buying/playing this game on a computer that can actually handle it, although I was able to play it on the High settings, I did experience some sticking in areas where there is a lot of objects. And the FPS did choke down to even 10 FPS!Although I never saw one single loading screen, I did notice some bugs in the game, in one part I had to put a certain scene in chronological order and two of the player models were missing even though I could still arrange them how I wanted them to be, plus the game did crash once (but that was probably my PC chocking itself with the amount of stuff it had to handle)Even though the game is great, I wish they could of improved on some stuff. The place where you visit which is Red Creek Valley, is pretty big! I know that the developers wanted to immerse you into the game, but I wish there was a few maps placed into the environment like in the Mine (players who played this bit, you know which bit!) had. Plus some of the items you have to search you don't even realize until you almost reach the end,SPOILER ALERT! - In one such example, where you enter in the beginning of the game through the tunnel, there are a set of traps which make part of the story, I didn't even know this until I reached the map at the end where it shows all the areas! And I had to travel all the way back to the start! Also, another example is the astronaut that takes you into space, how on earth would you know where it is until you reach the end and then you have to travel all the way back to save that scene!Another thing which also annoyed me was where you are in the scene that took place, you would either have to find something or rearrange something, some of the items took me over 30 minutes to complete because I didn't know what on earth I was supposed to do! Also, the puzzles are a bit tricky until you get the hang of it!The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a great game to play and a job well done to the developers as this was there first game by the company The Astronauts, although the game may be a bit short and it may be a bit frustrating at times, this is a great first person mystery game!PLEASE NOTE: Do not think that there isn't any scary areas in this game! Do not be fooled by the teaser trailers and trailers, there is a few jumpscares in this game! If you don't like a few jumpscares, be prepared when playing The Vanishing of Ethan Carter!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198011132638,Recommended,258520,15486147,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,JBALLS_THESAK_OF_SAKS,"Decent immersion, game doesn’t hold your hand yet not so incredibly difficult. Great visuals! Good stuff, would recommend. Kind of wish it left more of a definitive ending but I think it is meant to be left open for interpretation."
76561197970379817,Recommended,258520,15386651,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,m'xX'Phobia,Best story in a nicely compact game.so fulfilling!10/10
76561198095889513,Recommended,258520,15505652,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mercuroid,"This game is a bit of a double edged sword. I'd definitely recommend playing it if you like playing the detective.However, beautiful graphics and nice, simple gameplay aside; its too short. The game took me around 3.5 hours to complete and that was not rushing through.I'd recommend getting the game on sale, as it would not be worth ""full-price""."
,Recommended,258520,15718136,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ExoHazMatt,"Great visuals, entertaining (but mostly simple) puzzles, and a great soundtrack."
76561197978887025,Recommended,258520,15768497,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Philosophator,"Deliciously moody and atmospheric, with originality, and a puzzle format that doesn't become old. My only complaint is that it I wish it lasted much longer. Well worth the modest price."
,Recommended,258520,15752816,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Soviet Southpaw,"Easily the best game I've played in quite a while. I played through it over two days ago and I still can't stop thinking about it. It takes around four hours to play through which may be a turn-off for some, but the story is so compelling and the graphics are so beautiful that it's hard to put down. The writing is smart and at times intentionally ambiguous, which allows the player to ponder some of the deeper implications of the events presented. The creators seem to be heavily influenced by classic science-fiction and horror literature, and throughout the game pay homage to masters of the macabre like Edgar Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft. All of this is presented to the player in a world that is frighteningly beautiful and isolating. The end result is a game that continues to haunt you well after you've completed it."
76561197993598675,Recommended,258520,15771099,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Lorde,"Not a long game but very beautiful with a gorgeous soundtrack.  Quite linear, you will find that you can only interact with very specific objects and items which lessened my enjoyment somewhat as the details were beautiful but only there to look at most of the time.  I wanted to open old cupboards and drawers and satisfy my voyeuristic curiosity but that's not what this game is about.  The ending was quite fascinating.  Lovely game overall.  Very enjoyable."
76561198063033383,Recommended,258520,16666916,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jaxir,"This game...This game blew my mind. Mysterious discovery adventure powered by unreal engine with graphics so outstanding you will never have to go out again, you can have your own forest at home on your monitor.Despite textures detailed to the latest pixel the game runs like a clockwork even on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop on HD resolution. Sure it lags for a second or two now and then (especially between another map segments) but that is no big issue especially if the game has no loading screens.The story is not as original as it seems, on the other hand it will surprise you as nothing is as it seems.The gameplay itself is interesting. First, as autors stated, game does not hold your hand. You have no idea what to do or hwere to go and it is all up to you to explore and find out. Due to a fact you cannot die in this game (or... can you? ok you can at one and only one segment of the game, beware da jumpscare!!) you can literally explore everything. There are invisible wall and small rocks or logs you cannot jump across but map is HUGE. Huge enough for you to have a lot of space to explore anyway.It might take you a while to realize and understand what game wants from you. How to use supernatural abilities of main protagonist and progress in the game.Eventually you make it to the end after just few hours of gameplay. You might get lost on the way, you will get lost. You will explore a lot, run around with no clue where to go next but it is allrigh, because the game looks gorgeous!The music is awesome. Fits to the setting, with its melancholy theme.I am not fun of these games, or at least I was not but now that I played this and few similar games (like Kholat) I am changing my mind.This is one job well done. I can only recommend this unique experience."
,Recommended,258520,16698243,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,|_|HeaT,A clever narrative driven story with light puzzle elements.  The visuals are fantastic and the atmosphere creepy.  Holds your attention until the finale.  Highly recommended!
76561197972420581,Recommended,258520,15236228,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,FanToLiN,"Jogo incrível, recomendo para todos, um jogo onde a preocupação não é com inimigos e sim com as pistas deixadas para trás nas cenas, um jogo onde o protagonista precisa recriar a historia para que exista alguma historia. Recomendo a todos que gostam de jogos de suspense/terror, belas paisagens e valorizem a historia que está sendo contada."
,Recommended,258520,12354787,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,D1r7y,"A really beautiful and atmospheric games that emphasises on exploration. If you like that and some puzzles intertwined into a dark mystery story that keeps you guessing until the end, this is your game."
,Recommended,258520,13340491,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zyzzyvas,"Incredibly stunning graphically, this is a neat little murder mystery adventure game. The game takes place in one huge map and you can get sidetracked wandering around. Just a quick tip if you do play it, all of the things you need to solve each of the puzzles are all in a pretty local area to the puzzle in question. You will never need something way off on the other side of the map."
,Recommended,258520,16330425,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,omarei,The game is brilliant for the sheer atmosphere and emotional connection you have with the game and world from the very beginning. Its puzzles and mysteries are interesting and it isn't that easy. The graphics are also gorgeous.
76561198068893410,Recommended,258520,13744837,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,LadyOboro,"This is a very beautiful and captivating game. It has a great storyline, and i highley recommend it. It is well worth the money. My thanks to the Astronauts for a job well done."
76561198136508294,Recommended,258520,16485715,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AtomicKittenArmy,"I got this game on sale, Would have paid full price or even double"
,Recommended,258520,14868982,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,RemmiDemmi,I love Astronauts. -11/10
,Recommended,258520,17963588,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Gfox,"Wow... an absolute masterpiece! This game is not only visually stunning, but it also has a well woven and interesting story. This isn't a horror game, but it does have one jump scare, and the atmosphere built by the sound effects, music and visuals kept the game creepy and disturbing throughout. Masterpiece"
76561198146777006,Recommended,258520,13311005,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,DEVILMAN_86,i love everything about this game from the beautiful graphics to the amazing storytelling this is a game i will remember for ever worth every penny and a must buy
,Recommended,258520,13983035,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,- Stupify,"Great environment, great graphics, and great story equals great game."
,Recommended,258520,14586684,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,look over there ==>,"Full of atmosphere and genuinely made me apprehensive in parts. There's no tutorial, and not a lot of backstory, which really adds to a feeling of being out of your depth. The story makes you work to follow it, but the ending is rewarding and beautiful.I wish it had been a bit longer. Otherwise, fantastic."
,Recommended,258520,14599832,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Scoods,"Fantastic game. Visually striking, interesting gameplay and good story. Only about 3 hours long, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend to anyone who likes adventure/puzzle games."
,Recommended,258520,14759109,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,SPRIGx,Beautifuly mysterious. Thank you The Astronauts.
,Recommended,258520,14954980,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Dr. Minnericht,"This game is awesome. It's like playing through an old scary story along the lines of Algernon Blackwood or H.P. Lovecraft, with some investigation gameplay that is among the best crime scene gameplay I've ever seen and which matches the mood and atmosphere of the setting. Due to their method of using interpolated photographs of real objects to make a lot of the 3D models, the game looks much better than other current gen games that have the same technical level of graphics but which use the standard method of 3d modeling. The game looks much more photorealistic than any other I've played, and it helps the mysterious atmosphere a lot. The story, atmosphere, and gameplay all go together extremely well and make for a great experience."
76561198124482181,Recommended,258520,15820544,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,bassmickey,I bought this game just for the visuals and got an amazing story. This game is a most-play!!!
,Recommended,258520,14449553,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GerudoQueen,"This game is art - pure and simple! The gorgeous visuals, the story, the pacing, the puzzles...... 10/10"
,Recommended,258520,14598703,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Galandean,"Amazing visuals, great story, and a twist I didn't see coming make this a great game worth your time and money. It's only 3 hours long, but quality over quantity I say. Now if only Skyrim looked this good..."
,Recommended,258520,15027533,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,_X_,This wasn't a fast paced game. It wasn't a first person shooter. This wasn't a fighting game period. This game was a work of art. It told one hell of a story. It is and always will be an incredible game with an amazing story. Period.
76561198026970286,Recommended,258520,15667814,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wings of Ouroboros,"You should know what you're getting into here. It's a game based on story and exploration. No action, minimal puzzles. As long as that doesn't completely put you off the whole idea, then definitely give this a try. It's eerie, subtle horror at its finest- no jump scares, no looming theat (except for one very brief, easy to beat segment). And yet the game left me deeply chilled, and more than a little bit sad.But if you play, have a guide on hand. Not because the puzzles are hard (they're not), but because some things are easy to miss- and you have to solve every puzzle in order to complete the game. If you don't want to spend an hour backtracking to that one spot you missed, check the guide every so often to make sure you haven't skipped anything. No need to read ahead or spoil things for yourself- just read up to the point you reached and see if there's anything you should have done."
76561198025717459,Recommended,258520,16919914,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MrBow,Breathtaking... I would have finished it in one sitting if I didn't have to go to a birthday party.. The story drags you to the end like you're playing a movie.
76561198126612116,Recommended,258520,17447563,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheCroftyOne,"This game was AMAZING - As the game is quite short I'd wait till its on sale then snatch it up, a fully enjoyable storyline inclusding some jumpscares. 10/10 recommend!"
,Recommended,258520,13272105,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,markmadpage,"This is a masterpeice in modern gaming design, a breathtaking stroll around a beautiful photorealistic island with only one goal, find Ethan Carter. This is made all the more a pleasurable experience due to a beautiful soundtrack, great writing, imagination and atmosphere that blend to make a perfect balance that never failed to immerse. My only negative point would be that the game was quite short totalling at 8.4 hours, but it was the best 8.4 hours of gaming I've had in a long time.I have my fingers crossed for an expansion and look forward to seeing more from the Astronauts team, highly recommended."
76561197995251887,Recommended,258520,13940825,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Spinered,"Dark tunnel, beatiful scenery, dark story, beautiful ending.Highly recommended!"
76561197992778593,Recommended,258520,14004842,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,jpayne4,Story rich and very spooky at times. This one will stick with you for a while. Great game
,Recommended,258520,14028032,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ViperXL,"Without any spoilers, this was a fantastic journey about a child's life. The gameplay can be a bit awkward at first, but with a bit of critical thinking the puzzles are fairly rewarding and keep you wanting to piece together the rest of the story. It only takes a few hours to beat and will leave you satisfied. Worth the 20$."
,Recommended,258520,14423783,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DMStewart,"Jaw-droppingly beautiful. Incredibly original concept. Why cant all games look this good (and run flawlessly)? For being Mystery genre, with puzzle aspects, and full atmospheric immersion, its a total slam dunk in every category you can place it in. The devs of this game need to teach Techland how to create their map for Dying Light. (I know, I know, a city is mych different to render than a forest...dont leave stupid comments)One thing that amazes me is that so many games are trying to stand out by being ""open world"". Yet, take a game like Ethan Carter, and you realize that you dont need an open world environment to be good. Thoughtful writing creatives a narrative. Situations are revealed through the narrative, supported by the visual environment, and you have the basis of immersion. Open world or not, if you cant do at least one of those things well in a fpd style game, then it sucks. Ethan Carter not only does the basics right, but it does everything right.I fully expected a game this beautiful to not run smoothly. OR I expected to have to turn the settings down. It runs smoother than any game I have yet played. And I can run it at default settings (which are high by default) or even tweak it all the way up on the few options that are set moderately, and it still runs just as smooth.So far, I cant think of any area where this game falls short. It seems to excel in every category. And everywhere else it redefines quality and hopefully raises the bar for all other devs moving forward.Its easily a 10/10 - Buy itPS: Have I ever given a game a 10/10 before? And this isnt even my favorite type of game either"
,Recommended,258520,14424333,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bergrisi,"Short answer - Would reccomend, 8.5/10, about 4 hours to play through.Longer review - Most games like this are not for everyone - short but sweet, atmospheric and spooky but without jump scares like the normal horror fan is used to. However, even if you like games that are action-packed and filled with nothing but cause and effect, taking some time to fall in love with this game will offer you a very rare and special singleplayer experience. Although many other games offer rich story and even more content, this game seems to succeed much more, for me, in capturing you in its Lovecraftian universe. Overall, I certainly reccomend you pick this up if you need a short break from traditional and more popular action based games. Its $20 price tag is well worth the wonderful experience, but you can often catch it on sale if you're low on Steam money. So if you're ready to spend about 4 or so hours to get caught up in the world of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, I reccomend it. Out of 10 I'd give it a solid 8.5, and hope you have just as much fun as I had with this game."
76561198004494631,Recommended,258520,14470948,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PSXfiles,+ Eerie Lovecraftian style story+ Gorgous graphics+ Haunting musical score+ Unique gameplay elements+/- Jump scares!+/- A bit on the short side for the price- Sub-par voice acting- Some obtuse puzzlesOverall 9/10
76561197995606789,Recommended,258520,14480733,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Diplomaniac,"Almost magical experience. A real adventure game where you start not knowing who you are, where you are or why you're there. Stunning graphics, I could barely put down this game once I started. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,258520,14507593,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Shady994,"I've just played this through and I loved every minute.This is an open world puzzle game with an intriguing mystery storyline with horror elements. You take the role of a detective investigating the titular disappearance of a young boy, Ethan Carter. It's pretty hard to discuss the narrative further without giving away spoilers. It has been described as Lovecraftian, I would say there are a few nods to Lovecraft and the Cthulhu Mythos, but it's not the basis of the whole story.The puzzles are logical and not too tough to solve once you understand the mechanic. I did feel that the later murders were a little easier to solve and felt like less work had been put into them compared to say the first one. The puzzles are not all the same though, and there is a good variety to keep the player interested. I would suggest avoiding checking walkthroughs or guides as the puzzles are all achievable with a bit of thought.The graphics are stunning, the level of detail is very high and it must have taken a huge amount of work to create the game world. Pretty much everywhere you look there are amazing views and the landscape is very serene and peaceful. There is a known issue of flashing red lights in the trees which affects Radeon cards, and I did observe it but it wasn't frequent enough to cause a distraction.A few people have complained about the length of this game. You can expect 5-7 hours of gameplay depending on how good you are at solving the puzzles. I personally think that is pretty reasonable. I'd much rather have 6 hours of quality gameplay than 12 hours of filler.Anyway, I'm definitely recommending this."
,Recommended,258520,14536038,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,kles1977,Amazing game! Great story and breathtaking graphics. Love it!
,Recommended,258520,14543853,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Anemicman,It's like playing a dark and compelling episode of the x-files. Completely engaging and mysterious from beginning to end. Good at changing expectations.
76561198032848044,Recommended,258520,14566054,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jerfish,"An engaging and entertaining narrative game that doesn't get too long.  There was a harsh criticism of the Mine sequence on IGN - I'm not sure why they felt that way, it seemed fairly logical (and scary) overall.  A very beautiful game, I often paused to take in the scenery, listen to the water rushing by, etc..."
,Recommended,258520,14566957,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Airitech,What a great game!  I have been on a puzzle game kick lately and this one was awesome.  Well worth every penny.
,Recommended,258520,14568715,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Beardsy,"Short and sweet.  The game took me about 4 hours to complete, and that isn't a bad thing!  Not all games need to be 20 hour plus epics to tell the story.  I was quite immersed in the environment of the game and the soundtrack certainly helped to contribute there as well.  Quite an imaginative game.  My only complaint, however minor, is the puzzles could have been a bit more difficult or complex.  A good game for those who like to explore."
76561197976593556,Recommended,258520,14587392,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bogey Heatherwood,"Ethan Carter at a glance looks like a graphical showcase, but when you dig a little deeper, this game has a very intersting story to tell.  The game is short.  Most seem to finish the core ""storyline"" about 4 hours in but the game gives you the option to retrace your steps to completion.  The game begins flat out says it's not going to hold your hand so it may take some exploring to get the hang of things.  Graphically this game is phenomenal and gorgeous.   I hear they used a technology that processes still-photography to make the in-game scenes and textures.  Really looks good.  If you're looking for a short Mystery/Exploration game that easy on the eyes I'll bet you'll like Ethan Carter's stor(ies.)"
76561198134947509,Recommended,258520,14614759,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,bamm83,"The game says it like it is as soon as you begin the story.  It doesn't hold your hand.  Nothing is ""obvious"" in regards to path or connections to the story.  You have to earn it by exploring and acting the detective that you are.  That means combing the woods, paths, buildings, or whatever you can see.  Most of the clues are fairly close together to one another, but there are some that are not.  You will not know until you explore every place that you are physically able to.  I love this sort of game because it is rare in today's gaming culture.  The masses play games now and the masses want simplicity.  This game is not simple.  It will frusterate you at times because you will not know what your next move is.  Youtube tutorials will be a constant temptation, but I urge you to only use them when you absolutly have to.  Discovering and figuring out things on your own is what motivates you to go on.  The story is well thought out, but there isn't a lot of dialogue that will help you along the way.  If this game was to have come out on consoles it'd be worth the normal $60 price tag, so you know its a steal for $20.  It's a memorable game that will hopefully influence a genre that will be improved upon even more than this game presents.  Give it a try if you want a challenging story that encourages exploring.  If you think that sounds boring, this game is not for you."
76561198174619262,Recommended,258520,14756700,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,wintercooled,Travelling around in this game is a joy. You effortlessly move over the landscape and the puzzles in it are fair and enjoyable. The story is good but most of all the graphics in the game (both technically and artistically) are amazing - I would happily have walked around in the environments with nothing much else to do so the fact that the main story is so entertaining is the icing on the cake! ;-)There is a weak part (the mines) that isn't quite up to the rest of the games high standards (both graphicaly and in terms of puzzle solving) but that's a minor issue.It only took me 4.5 hours to complete but was worth the money and it benefitted from not being 'padded' out to last longer.
,Recommended,258520,14995055,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Average_dick_sucker,"1. Epic Games wishes they could make a game this beautiful with their own engine.2. You will cry.3. To get the best experience, finish it in a single playthrough."
76561198074852463,Recommended,258520,15012754,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BabeLincoln61,"First, get this game if you like story games. It's beautiful and the story is great. If you're thinking about buying it, just buy it. As many have said, this game is absolutely stunning. They obviously took a long time on crafting and optimizing the graphics and for good reason. When all you are doing is invtestigating things, it's nice when they are pretty to look at. I still can't get over how beautiful this game is.The story is well crafted as well, although it isn't the longest, the puzzels and drive to figure out what is going on is well worth it. I believe it took me about 6-8 hours of actual play time to beat this game (admitadly, some of the play time was just looking at the gogeous landscape and map haha). I've left it paused so my record states ~30 hours.Some say that this game isn't worth $20 for the amount of playtime you get. Normally, I'd agree in saying 5-8 playing hours isn't worth $20. However, this developer's passion and integrity are very apparent. It's obvious a lot of blood, sweat and tears were put in by the devs of this game. I loved the game and I'm happy to support them by paying a slightly high, but reasonable price for this game. Hope to see more from these guys."
76561198005944215,Recommended,258520,15645501,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kragar Wilson,"So good graphics,intense atmosphere."
76561198065854234,Recommended,258520,15662877,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hawky,"Well i just finished playing this game, and i have to say, it one of the best games i have ever played. I have no words as to how great this game was, but its somthing that i will never forget. Seriously guys, u just HAVE to try it out."
76561197972501510,Recommended,258520,15679302,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Coy Wonder,"Great experience. Intriguing and fresh gameplay. If you like Lovecraftian weird fiction, this is a must play.10 of 10"
76561198062333665,Recommended,258520,15705199,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jastic,"Its not clear on the steam store page that it works on windows 7, just to confirm it does work on window 7 64 bit.A very interesting game, there is a video explaining how to put the clues together on the steam store page which helped, and there are YouTube walkthroughs which helped me to obtain some clarity in some areas."
76561197972523237,Recommended,258520,16769716,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Poe,Beautifully written and looks amazing to boot. Lots of complaints on length but I’d rather have a high quality game that is shorter than some of the half-baked games that devs release these days claiming them to be finished when they are nothing but alphas.Highly recommend. The story is great and the atmosphere of the game is amazing. Overall 10/10.
,Recommended,258520,18553825,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ThunderMcBuffHuge,"They made a gorgeous landscape with interesting cut scenes, and 3 or 4 hoops thrown in to constitute ""gameplay"". It's the best walking simulator ever made."
76561198048328305,Recommended,258520,12285920,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,tombombodil,"This game is more or less:10% Myst20% Dear Esther20% Gone Home50% Lovecraftian Horror MysteryNow the (non-spoilery) review:Let me begin by saying this game is right up my alley so I may be slightly biased in the positive direction.Graphics: This game is beautiful, and not just because of the extremely high quality visuals. This game does a better job using high fidelity graphics and environment design to create a deep sense of immersion and an engrossing atmosphere than any I've played in recent years except perhaps The Last of Us. The wind, weather effects, lighting, textures, richly detailed and expertly designed environments all work together perfectly to create an eerie, atmospheric and very ""real"" feeling world. 10/10Gameplay Design: Engaging mechanics of play isn't the reason to play this kind of game. For a game that claims to ""not do any hand holding"" most of the puzzles are♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, although some of them are pretty original and well executed. Other than that exploring semi-linear environments is the only way you directly interact with the games world. However it is a perfectly sufficient manner to get you through the primary draw of the game; the story and environment . 6.5/10Environment(lvl) Design: This is where the game really shines. I don't think I've ever played a game where the world felt so real. The placement of every rock, log, patch of grass, door, etc. is perfect, and the environments are detailed without feeling ""over done"". The visual reference point I keep coming back to is The Last of Us but while it was a beautiful game with excellent visual design the world did feel stylized. Ethan Carter on the other hand has many areas that feel like places I've actually been, so close in fact that it should be uncanny, but instead it just adds a whole other level of immersion and engagement, especially when they introduce supernatural elements.Specific praises include: How well they use visual highlighting to guide the player to places of interest (including both actual light, and the shape of the landscape). Excellent use of the outdoor environment to hide the borders of the levels, this place only has a few places that are straight up ""invisible walls"" but you only bump into them if you're doing things that don't make sense in the context of the game, and the word is so beautifully realized and expertly designed that you forget about them the minute you step back onto the path the game intends you to take. It guides you without it feeling like it's shoving you down a hallway, something that is incredibly difficult to do. 10/10Story: It's pretty difficult to critique the story it in detail without spoiling it, but here goes. It's well presented, and it starts out very intriguing but I called the twist ending about a third of the way through and it's pretty steeped in the tropes of supernatural mystery. It's not terribly original, but the way you experience the story is novel and engaging enough to elevate it past the written words. 8/10Overall Experience: The game won't change the way you think about games, and it isn't quite as gut wrenching or mind bending as other similar games, but if you enjoy games like the only I likened it to, give it a look. It's beautiful, atmospheric, and genuinely intriguing and engaging (while you're playing it, once you have the full picture it loses some of it's magic).One last praise I had is how well it paces itself, and how it maintains an atmosphere of mystery and subtle horror without every being terrifying the way something like Outlast, or even Amnesia is. There where many times it could have taken a turn and thrown in a jump scare, or a tense stealth/chase sequence, but it choose to instead be morose, bittersweet, and contemplative, and I think the game is better for it. 8/10Bottom Line: 8/10"
,Recommended,258520,13845582,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AvatarTT,"Not five minutes into this game, I had already taken at least twelve screenshots. The beauty of this game is striking and is something that will be mentioned in countless other reviews. Even though it may only take about 4-5 hours to finish, you may end up taking much longer than that because every few seconds you'd want to stop and stare at the scenery. Just make sure you don't spam your activity feed with screenshots of the whole game. No doubt you would be tempted to.Props must also be given to the sound in this game. Ambient sounds combined with brilliantly written music create the perfect atmosphere. They complement the environment making you feel wonder, awe or even terror.Apart from looking gorgeous, Ethan Carter tells a story that is very well written. As you progress through the game you will encounter puzzles of varying difficulty and upon solving them you uncover pieces of the story. Even though some aspects of Ethan's tale will no doubt be confusing (I was scratching my head at many scenes) it remains engaging throughout, leaving you itching to know what happens next.There are a few small issues I had with the game, nothing major. This is just me nitpicking. It is a very short game and the puzzles are not aplenty. Most of them I was able to solve easily. Only one or two required some serious thought. Nonetheless, they were all fun to do.At full price, Ethan Carter is $20. I paid half of that in the Winter Sale and it found it to be a great buy for what I paid. It's up to you if you want to pay full price for this very short indie title (Ignore the 30hrs I have clocked on Steam, I had gone out and forgot to exit the game) but if you do, I doubt you would regret it."
,Recommended,258520,12363841,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,roflgtn,Great story and beautiful graphics. Very atmospheric game. My only complaint is that it was too short. Looking forward to new games from Astronauts.
76561198046262993,Recommended,258520,13266772,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RUS哥,"The game is very beautiful and the story is interesting. I would like to see new stories like this.It seems to be difficult from the start, but when you understand how it works, the game will turn out to be too easy.I hope creators will decide to continue working with the game line and make it more difficult."
76561197966160143,Recommended,258520,12355685,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Electron Entanglement,"Simply brilliant!  Innovative, gorgeous, refreshing.The layers of character development are subtle but have extreme depth.Absolutely loved this game!9.5/10"
,Recommended,258520,12402606,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Oswald Thatendswald,"Amazing visuals, an outstanding soundtrack, and an intriguing story. Worth a play, for sure."
76561197995040938,Recommended,258520,12239911,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Satanic I Swede #Clumsy,You really need to play this game and experience it. Awesome graphics with awesome story.
,Recommended,258520,13530337,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Yoshi,"A narrative without hand holding indeed.  I thought this one was well worth the $12 during the Steam holiday sale.  It took me about five hours to see it all, which included some wandering where I was just stuck but not enough to be frustrating.  The game actually did a really good job ending one mystery in the general vicinity of the next, so that you weren't completely lost but also didn't receive any flashing arrows.  I like that the over-arching story makes you think and doesn't even give away exactly what happened.  There is some room for interpretation."
76561198128696082,Recommended,258520,15167035,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Varathius,"While I was venturing through the creepy forests, I was asking myself if it would not be better to leave this whole thing here to a detachment of Marines, but then again, I did feel somewhat responsible to find out what happened to Ethan. Sure, I still preferred to have some Marines with me, but I wasn't even sure anymore if the realm I was in was real, or unreal (oh, btw, game uses Unreal Graphics Engine). I was able to solve the first puzzle regarding a dead guy (CSI style), then, I thought I was too smart for this game, until I reached the next puzzle. Youtube could save my intelligence there a bit, so I was able to solve the problem, thanks to youtube, but I was smart enough to know where to find answers when you need them, so that doesn't make me that stupid.I am now heck who knows how long into the game, saved a few additional puzzles and all I can say is, to be honest, I have no idea. So let me list the Cons and Pros.By the way, if you are a COD or BF fanboy, I think this game is nothing for you, you are able to throw a hand grenade into a lake at one point for no reason, that is all about the action you will get up to my point.Pros:- You jump up from your chair a few times, scary moments....especially if you are a weakling like me that was too afraid to play Dead Space 2 and other such horror games when being over 30 years of age.- Graphics if your rig can support max graphics is nearly RL.- You think of Marines being brought in any second, but it doesn't happen. Game suceeds in adding creepyness.- You are able to ride a small train over severed legs.- You feel like being some serious CSI dude after a while.- You have no idea what the heck is going on, but things start adding themselves together, however, apparently there is still something very, very, very bad awaiting me, it also has a name from a horror movie, I am still hoping Marines to be able to come to help later on in the game.- You reading this and giving me a LIKE.- Price: it is good atm for what the game is, truly.- Good few hours of your lifetime spent.Cons- Save system does not exist, just an auto-save that saves after major events like solving a murder case. So play this game ONLY if you know you can spare about 1 hour, otherwise you gota do the whole thing over.- No Marines so far.- No weapons unless a hand grenade that you find, if you find it. There was an option for me to throw it into the lake, so I threw it... I hope I was not dumb enough to have wasted the grenade, because the more I play this game, the more I feel like I will be needing that grenade in the end... oh well. They could have at least throw in a pistol with some ammo, would have felt saver at least...- Space key is useless. You cannot jump in the game. For a gamer that uses since 20 years the space key to jump, that is serious business. I still kept pressing it tho all the time and nothing happened.So, let's see how this continous, the reason I am writing this is because I just solved another murder case, so finally the auto-save worked (if it did, you do not even see if it did save or not), anyway, gota take a dump now and then walk my dog, yeah just get the game and play it."
,Recommended,258520,13260441,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Stimpy,"This absolutely gorgeous game is very engaging and downright damn fun to play. The game doesn't have a very large story, but I think extending it would have artificially and unnecessarily dragged it out.The gameplay, graphics, audio, music and story so delicately fit together, that this is really a piece of art. Beautiful.Strongly recommended!"
,Recommended,258520,14300900,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,inGen,I feel like bruce wayne during his night-time job.. 9.99999999999999999999999/10 ign
,Recommended,258520,15446366,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Bonkey,Best Desktop Wallpaper making simulator 11.6/10
,Recommended,258520,16509637,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Omar,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a great story game. The story is small in scope but great and well-polished.No hand holding here you can do any puzzle which order you want but not doing them will get you lost in the story and its charters.Buy it for a good story with amazing graphics and beautiful music
,Recommended,258520,16942674,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BreeZe,Perfect GraphicsVery Good atmosphere
,Recommended,258520,16769190,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,nuke,Short game but good story. Not much replay value
,Recommended,258520,12288883,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Darth Sarian,This game has amazing graphics. The sound is amazing. The puzzles (I'm not all that great at puzzle games) had me stumped for a good while. Check out my first play session:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxDCr-fVIOU&list=UU2RZdMB1z7-PXzA3FGyawNw
76561198136302271,Recommended,258520,17347377,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,suoqqo,Childhood feel simulator. 11/10 would feel my childhood again.
,Recommended,258520,17271979,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,This is a game where the less you know going into it the bettter it is. Wait until it is on sale and then buy it. A must play
,Recommended,258520,13794543,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Failburn,"Very much a walking sim.Not much gameplay besides some puzzles and exploration, great restrained story and world building.Amazing textures.Definitely worth investigating (hurr), but be prepared for a more methodical slow paced experience."
,Recommended,258520,15034002,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Hox,A beautifully produced interactive narrative. Excellent visual and sound design. Reminiscent of Stephen King.Gameplay elements include limited exploration and puzzles. This experience is largely story-driven.
,Recommended,258520,17160311,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Projeqts.,"Short, but very, very sweet.Story was awesome.One of the best in-game atmospheres I've ever experienced.Graphics.. 11/10.Overall, I would give this game a 9/10.You want to know why it lost a point?; That 'thing' in the mine... I don't do jump-scares."
,Recommended,258520,14163496,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DL_Drill.NB,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carteris absolutely gorgeous, in every way. The storyline might confuse you until you reach the end, but Unreal Engine overcame themselves again, just look at the graphics, they're stunning. The atmosphere and soundtrack in the game makes it even more amazing, when i played it, it felt like I was in the game, that I unrevealed the secrets of Red Creek Valley - not the supernatural detective Paul Prospero. Yes some things in this game are a little weird and confusing, but you'll understand it if you reach the ending.Story 9/10Soundtrack 8/10Atmosphere 10/10Scenery 10/10Characters 7/10Graphics 9/10Overall 9/10Amazing and very unique in every way"
76561197990241622,Recommended,258520,14172559,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,blueyonder,"Beautiful scenery, and super immersive. It feels like you're really there. Probably the only game where i've actually walked around and enjoyed the scenery instead of always holding the sprint button. The storyline is incredible as well. This game is on another level."
,Recommended,258520,14374529,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Roman K,"Took me ages to finish this one - and though it's a short experience, I still spent more than a little time simply walking around and enjoying the view. The game, however, is not that open or open-ended - the paths are fairly clearly noticeable, and the journey is somewhat linear. It is, however, very deep and well done, and the plot and world are superbly crafted."
76561198067822081,Recommended,258520,14534775,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Insane_Bolt,"A unique game in my experience that has high production values. It has a visually impressive world with a very suitable audio accompaniment. It's a fascinating mystery game with a little horror included. The story is good and I found the gameplay compelling.I wandered around the landscape for a couple of hours at first trying to figure out how to progress, but didn't mind the time spent running back and forth in the beautiful environments. If you hit a dead end in your investigation, a glance at GameFAQs walkthrough tries not to give spoilers.The game is worth full price, but I've often seen it on sale. I reckon it is only good for one proper playthrough then the story is told and the plot revealed. I found the game stuttered quite a lot, which is unfortunate for such a lovely looking game. Don't want to finish on a negative, so buy it and enjoy it.***Just completed redux version - no stuttering at all and still a gorgeous, unique game***"
76561198090626594,Recommended,258520,14754643,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DillPickleDildos,Absolutely amazing game. The game is beautiful and really gives you the creepy vibe they are trying to portray. Every little thing you do ties into the very well done story. I am very very satisified with this game and reccomend this to anyone who loves a good story and is patient with puzzles.
,Recommended,258520,14878732,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tonks,"I know it isn't supposed to be a scary game, but I got a few jumpscares personally. One of the most beautiful games I've played and I'd love more hours in it."
,Recommended,258520,16205977,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,stapper,Beautifull and nice story . Great game to play on a thunderstruck night
76561198006423348,Recommended,258520,16363656,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sheriff of Nottingham,"Okey, so where do I begin with this game, First off the graphic's are utterly amazing and it was a very beautiful game, there isn't many controls so they were very easily picked up and you are on your way solving the the clues left in the game. this is where it gets complicated, although you don't have to do everything in order, it would certainly helped if it did, because you may find yourself (like i did) running back and fore throughout the game trying to solve things i've missed to get futher into the storyline...the story overall was great but also terrible, in my opinion the ending could have been done in a much more elegant way than what it was which kinda ruined it for me.SPOILER AHEAD --------in one of the missions you are faced with a puzzle to open the door... look up the combination online because other than receiving the first and last numbers you need to solve it, it gives you no help in putting the next 4 together, so logically if you did it properly because there are 6 combinations, it would take 81 attempts to get the combination correct, which in my opinion is completely stupid and something the developers definitely messed up on. although having the first and last combination told to you, the way they showed what other numbers you had to put in, they should have shown in order or give a hint in which the order should be done."
,Recommended,258520,13598975,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[KRAKEN]wesruv,"Amazing narrative. This takes anything that was good about Indigo Prophesy and Dear Esther and leaves out all of the bad.Incredibly immersive, deep story that that seems to only have the surface scratched, amazing craftsmanship.If I were forced to gripe, I'd say the character animation is lacking and there's occasional stutter when it's loading a new level."
76561198024179463,Recommended,258520,13826788,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kokmaister,"What can I say about Ethan Carter without spoiling it's story? Not a lot other than: I really, REALLY liked it. It's easily one of the most athmospheric and beautiful games I've ever played. The setting, the tone, the influences, the story, the puzzles, everything just worked for me. As I said, I don't want to spoil anything about it, as I think this is one of the games you should come in as freash as you can be, with as little knowledge of it as possible.It's not a long game, but it also don't have any filler material, only quality stuff. And it's a top experience from start to finish because of that. I think this is also one of the games, that could've been easily messed up, if this would've been some AAA-retail game with 20 hours of content. I really think the lenght is perfect as it is.If I would have to suggest something, that IMO would've maybe made the game even better, it's probably: few more puzzles would have fitted in, eventhough there are some secrets also.Only real critique I had with the game is it's saving system: if you have some mystery in the middle of solving and you go and do something and see the ""Saving scene..."", which usually leads you to believe, that everything you've done/found so far is saved, it doesn't save the mystery that is in the middle of solving. So, just a tip: solve all the mysteries you start before quitting, so you'll avoid playing things thru all over again.All in all this game is a hell of a debut from the small team hailing from Poland - The Astronauts. And if they'll do more of these narrative game experiences in the future, it'll be a day 1 buy for me. I'm really looking forward what they'll decide to do next."
,Recommended,258520,13985780,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Merekthul,A very well made game that makes you think.  The end left me silent and deep in reflection.  For the price It is well worth it.  Pure poetry.  Be advised that total game play is about 4-5 hours but this game crams so much into that time that some games don't even come close to.If you want a game that will keep you thinking well beyond the actual play then get this game!
,Recommended,258520,13995508,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Triplight,"Absolutely fantastic, any fan of lovecraft and similar authors of strange stories will love this game. A couple puzzles were fairly challenging, but overall the designers kept it from feeling too much like a game and kept the atmosphere one of abstract curiosity rather then feeling like a ""do this to do this"" kind of game.  And I must say the ending was beautiflly done, hope to see more from this studio soon!"
,Recommended,258520,13289190,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,SpamShadow,"Dear Esther on a whole new level, Ethan Carter not only looks absolutely stunning (and runs magnificently well) but unravels a narrative in an awesome way. For those of us that enjoy wandering about beautiful landscapes piecing together the clues of what may have happened prior to our arrival, this game is meth. I know $20 is a fair price, but I would have been perfectly fine paying a lot more. I may have only gotten 4 hours out of it, but I'll get dozens more as I reflect on it, remember it, and try to understand it in the days to come."
,Recommended,258520,13825408,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sebastian Wolff,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is astounding. I walk off the dirt path and FEEL the ground change under my feet. I can smell the nearby lake, the sap of the pines, the century-old dust as I enter the ruins of a forgotten building.No other game (""game?"") I've experienced has been this stimulating to the senses; the expression of emotion through the narrative and its gorgeous visual implementation is full, unsurpassed, and breathtaking."
76561197994303832,Recommended,258520,14569106,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,INcognito_alfred,"If you haven't bought this already, do so! Loved every minute of this atmospheric supernatural detective story - gameplay is simple but oh-so-rewarding! Looking forward to more from 'The Astronauts'!"
76561197995939196,Recommended,258520,14899763,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Trinitrotoluene,An impressive and short game with stunning graphics. I bought this game out of curiosity when it was on sale and it was well worth the money
,Recommended,258520,16727145,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gul'naz,"Pros:Screen Shot SimulationF12 combosNow, I know that I want to be a nature photographer"
,Recommended,258520,17003815,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ticianavalle,Amazing! too bad it's too short...
76561198043854981,Recommended,258520,12323336,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Thunder Flash,This game is just so beatuiful and it has a good story into it :)
,Recommended,258520,16713101,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Keeiu,"Experience the action-packed (kappa) serene wilderness bundled with the sparse serious dialogue that will send you straight into your basement for weeks with this atmospheric novel-like story. This game kinda stole and uppercutted my inner emotions. It was so beautiful and depressing that I don't know how to write the experience itself down. People have been mentioning that there is scarce-saving but that didn't really affect me because I sit down for several hours - I'm probably going to live to the age of 30. If you buy this game, prepare your feels. They are about to be smacked."
76561198178340039,Recommended,258520,15177586,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Quote,"An entertaining mystery/adventure game with a compelling narrative and striking visuals.You play Paul Prospero, the Philip Marlowe of the supernatural world, picking up one last case after receiving a letter from fellow mystic and absent-minded storyteller, the boy, Ethan Carter. He's vanished, so it's time to put that second-sight to use and track him down!Graphically the game is quite stunning, and when combined with an eerie and ominous score, lends itself to a genuine Lovecraftian atmosphere. There are moments where you may inexplicably look behind you.The puzzles aren't anything to write home about, and I thought, could have been more challenging, but they will immerse you in the story. The narrative is well paced, at no point did trudge on to the next scene wondering what I was doing. It felt as though I had sufficiently adventured by the time I reached the ending, which is certainly worth it, bringing your supernatural connection to the young Ethan Carver full circle.The whole thing will take about four hours, a little more if you go achievement hunting.Have fun!9/10"
,Recommended,258520,15700528,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Myra Hotchkiss,beautiful. creepy. tragic.
,Recommended,258520,13817610,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wrds,"I'll admit it, I cried.If you like graphic adventure games, you'll definitely like Ethan Carter. Despite having one repetitive puzzle mechanic, there is enough here that varies it up and keeps it feeling fresh and interesting. Hands down the most beautiful game I've played from 2014.Aesthetically there's a lot here that might remind you of Stephen King, or maybe Lovecraft and other similar writers. So if you're into the sort of other worldly aesthetic they're known for, you'll probably enjoy this. A fantastically strange and personal story about a young boy's overactive imagination.I love it, but then again, I love these types of games. I hope you will too."
,Recommended,258520,24081874,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fuso Derpy,"Pros: open world, CSI, greatly detailed death, great puzzles to figure out how a victim died.Cons: I have not much to say except a few hard puzzlesBUT thats part of the challenge i really like this game even though i have not completed it and its worth the less than $10 price tag (i got it on sale)"
,Recommended,258520,16571734,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Spookyhort,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is easily one of my most favorite games I've ever played. The music, the scenery, the exploration everything is truly captivating in a very strange world. You play as Paul Prospero trying to discover the mystery behind Red Creek Valley but one thing about this game is that where it leads you to, you will not expect it. This mystery game even says at the beginning that it will not hold your hand, you must find and solve the puzzles yourself and my advice is to always look around for the missing piece.Overall even though this game is short, everything is so captivating. I'd rate it a 9/10 missing 1 point only because you cannot save when you want to you must reach certain points in the story. Though I found a way around it by going back to where it last auto saved and reading around. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,258520,19449431,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Whilyam,"Let's get this out of the way: this is a narrative-and-exploration-driven game. This is a downside for some people. Personally, I enjoy these games. This is, in my opinion, the ultimate of these games  out there. At least, the popular ones. I am sure someone who is more into these games than I am could rattle off a list of games that do this concept better.For me, Vanishing Ethan's Carter is a combination of an intriguing story, great visuals, great audio, interesting gameplay and novel mechanics. The biggest strength is clearly the game's visuals. The environements are incredible, high-res, and realistic. I cannot think of a time when I could even see tiling or repeating textures. Along with them, the sound design is great. The ambient noise and music lends a great atmospheric nature to the game.Another strength for me is the mechanics. The ""put the scene in order"" game is fun and novel, although sometimes difficult to understand why a part of a scene is represented by an object or in a location when, sometimes, that object or location is never seen in the final cinematic.The weakness in Carter's Vanishing Ethan is really more of a weak strength: the story. Don't get me wrong, it has several good twists. The problem I have is that it's confusing, particularly near the end. It feels like we needed a final ""put all the cinematics in order"" game to make sure I had the timeline right. Then there's the final twist which seems almost like a cop-out to me, but it has a lot of symbolism so it kind of gets away with it.Overall, this game is well-worth the money you put into it. If you enjoy exploration games, you will probably enjoy this. If you don't, consider getting it during a sale!"
,Recommended,258520,23898213,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr._Kebab,"This game is rather atmospheric than detective-oriented, but the experience was really addicting"
76561198252906773,Recommended,258520,23972385,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ynnf,Beautiful and atmospherically melancholy. The golden tree on the bridge... The stories that the boy wrote... Wish it could be longer.
76561198126258671,Recommended,258520,15213166,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CleverFox_,"I almost didn't buy this game because of the negative reviews it has gotten, but I am so glad I did!First off...there is no hand holding in this game. Which sucks at first when you are confused and don't know what the f**k is going on but you can figure the game out pretty quick and I think the lack of hand holding is nice. It allows you...or makes you...enjoy the setting by wandering around and exploring.The story is amazing!The ending....OMG. I still can't get over it.The bad thing about this game is the saving. It saves after you accomplish something and shows up in small writing at the top of the screen. It was annoying at first when I wanted to stop playing but couldn't because I didn't know when it last saved. Also my PC kept crashing ( because it does that, not because of the game) so I had to replay some things, but honestly it doesn't take that long to redo something. And once you trigger an elevator...going up or down it triggers an auto save.Some people say this game has not replay value and I would argue that it does and does't. It's all depnds on the person, I personally feel it has a good replay value, espeacially if you wanted to do a speed run or something.I would recomend buying this game...but not at full price. I paid $9 for it so it was well worth it. I'd say even $15 is worth it.Buy it. Play it. Love it. Regret nothing."
76561198004255569,Recommended,258520,15228098,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[ZvaAdW] willMoan4Food,"Story-driven, check. Mystery, check. Do I love it? Check!"
,Recommended,258520,14817533,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Les Memérables,Atmospheric and engaging.
76561197996039620,Recommended,258520,13810431,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Roives,"A magnificent example of how to maintain a great atmosphere and storytelling. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a great mystery experience in Red Creek Valley, with dark exploration and devious discovery. The graphics are amazing, and the ongoing view around the mysteries are gorgeous. Unfortunately, the whole game is a bit short mystery, but I enjoyed it all the way through. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoy mystery based puzzles, with an ongoing story which keep surprising and especially if you enjoy one particular early 20th century author."
76561198124803019,Recommended,258520,15646450,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,rmuttproductions,"Beautiful, atypical game. Would recommend. If at start of game you experience spinning camera and stuttering of menu options - unplug your joystick if you have one, it caused the above with my setup. Game worked fine after unplugging."
76561198063457260,Recommended,258520,15674817,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TommyG,"Love this game! I'd give ot 9 out of 10.The reason I didnt give it 10 is because the characters were not particularly well made or animated for a modern game.Other than that tiny issue, this game is perfect."
76561198138211777,Recommended,258520,16245387,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,lacrimosa,"now this is a game you can buy, and enjoy till the end! and if you got the latest grafic card like i do, you will be amazed! just amazed of the wonderfull graphics and envoirement,,!  just buy it, it's not that often i write good comments, so you can count on my words, the best game so far!"
76561198070486573,Recommended,258520,16747025,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,golem15,"Although this game is quite short, in respect to most other games, almost every moment is spent in awe, confusion, or horror. This game is incredibly crafted visually and the characters are fairly well fleshed out for how much screen time they actually get. Buy it, play it, love it. 9/10"
76561198003183062,Recommended,258520,17998312,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Dacco,This game is soooo gooooood! I WANT MORE!
,Recommended,258520,14555317,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,CasualTEA,Just wow. A must play if only for the story.
76561198047028276,Recommended,258520,14602608,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MoStyles,Visual stunning  with a captivating story!
,Recommended,258520,14657271,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,smeagol swartzeniger,"Atmospheric, immersive and clever!"
,Recommended,258520,16179627,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ArcontasBlank,"Beautiful game/story. Simple concept that is immersive in thought, not necessarily in action. Graphics and design of the world is wonderful, I could walk around in this game and just take in the environment.pros: compelling story and unique style of delivery. breathtaking visuals and even a pretty good soundtrack.cons: way too short, and a bit confusing at times.overall 9/10"
76561197995259669,Recommended,258520,14504765,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mahaha,"I absolutely recommend this game. This is for smart players who don't want to be explained what's happening and what button to press at each step of the way.The game takes the form of a small but open world in an abandoned mining settlement where tragedy has taken place. You roam, you observe, you desume. You have the ability to perceive what's beyond the world appearences and that makes you the only person for the job.The game is immersive and just enchanting, you will find yourself completely absorbed by the narrative. The puzzles are original and fit the plot, which is weird but interesting.Get it, play it.It's a little short, I solved it in less than 6 hours, but the experience was completely worth it."
,Recommended,258520,14531346,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ghoulmask,"Fantastically done! The gameplay is simple enough; but mixed with a haunting story and a good level of uneasiness makes for an overall wonderful experience. I want to erase it from my mind, only to experience it all over again."
,Recommended,258520,14617416,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,SQUOG!!!!!!!,"Just finished the game in a little under 4 hours. It's really good. Beautiful scenery, a very good story, and it's a nice throwback to adventure games of old, like Myst, where the game does not hold your hand at all. Highly reccommended."
76561198007916421,Recommended,258520,14941024,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Summersdale,"There will be no spoilers in this review. Frankly, I would not know how to make them for this game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an innovative take on the interactive puzzle game. It is masterfully created with a supurb voice cast, great scenery and atmosphere, and an immersive storyline.Give me more, please! I want to know. I need to know. What happen(s)/ed to Ethan Carter?"
76561198015284186,Recommended,258520,14954305,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Vengox,Excellent laid back game that has a pretty dark twisted story to it.
,Recommended,258520,15913995,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Lemoncurry^,Hauntingly beautiful visuals and a story that will captivate you without mercy. One of the most original and fascinating stories I have ever got the privilege of experiencing.
76561198045485412,Recommended,258520,14220786,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TuF801,Stunningly beautiful game.This is one of my favourite games of all time. The graphics and the audio (music/sfx/wind) transport you to this beautiful place.It is a short game but well worth playing and just walking around enjoying the environment.Add it to your collection today.
,Recommended,258520,14228377,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,mokeefe,"Great looking game, interesting story, happy I bought it! Just wished it was longer. Looking forward to similar games from this developer. Nice work!"
76561198081394885,Recommended,258520,14231807,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,logorf941,"beautiful landscape, a story that unfolds as you play, and a great ending, all the things that make a good game and this game has them all."
,Recommended,258520,14288244,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,JimiDoyle,"Enthralling atmosphere, story, visuals, puzzles, easter eggs and secrets.  Don't think about it, just play it.  One of the best games I've played in years, a gem among the broken and half-finished Early Access nonsense plaguing the gaming world.  This game is a great narrative experience, it will consume you until it's finished."
,Recommended,258520,14317956,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Realstar,Im blown away in all aspects of this game. The graphics are INSANE! The story is amazing. And the puzzely mystery feel just is the cherry on top.
76561198087120289,Recommended,258520,14368798,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Gandalf the Pipesmoker,"This game is amazing, although pretty short (4 hours or so) I just find myself wanting to play it over again.  The atmosphere is amazing with the combination of crazy graphics and soundtracks that add a sad/mystery tone to the game.The mechanics of the game itself are really good, it is totally open world and you choose what you want to do and when you want to do it.  The mysteries themselves are out of order which is great as you try to piece together what happened.  You want to know what happened, by the end of the game you really care about Ethan Carter for some reason.  Personally I loved it and played it like a maniac until I finshed it... and then spent another five hours just wondering around the world... It is an enjoyable world to be in.10000/10000Can't wait for their next game!"
,Recommended,258520,14373624,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,parm,"Absolutely beautiful, a cleverly told story with a nice twist at the end. A few false steps (a few of the puzzles are a bit too 'game-like' and pull you out of the world, and there's a fairly jarring change of tone at one point) but otherwise this is a thoroughly excellent example of the sort of world-building and storytelling you can achieve in a videogame."
,Recommended,258520,14410255,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mortuest,"The game is very short - beat it in ~5 hours, but it is well worth the money.  The scenery and graphics are beautiful.  The puzzles are challenging without being overly difficult.  Everything is very smoothly rendered, even on high.  The atmosphere of the game is spooky without being terrifying and the method of solving each of the puzzles and how clues are pointed out really feel like you're part of the game instead of just guiding someone through it.I'd give this a 8 out of 10.  The short game play and how it ends only reducing the score a little bit."
76561198175228146,Recommended,258520,14417323,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Efthymios,"Beutiful graphics, intoxicating soundtrack, clever scenario. Whatelse do u need? I wish it was longer but yet.."
,Recommended,258520,13264955,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,OpKtun‡,Awesome game and at a fair price. I was hooked from the word go.The only criticism is how short it was.Can't wait from more from these awesome developers.
,Recommended,258520,12440981,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,dbyrd26,"If you like an atmospheric game with beautiful graphics and an amazing soundtrack then this game is for you. Personally, the environment and soundtrack is enough to sell me on it.10/10"
76561198072393951,Recommended,258520,18108801,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,HCHospital,"Let's start off with the good side of things.The graphics, in short, are the best you can witness at this point in time. It is really a stunning looking game. I'm really surprised I can't actually smell the environment through my screen because it looks so beautiful. 10/10 - This really sets a bar, and simply needs to be experienced to be believed.Sound design is also exceptional. All the music and other auditory cues are timed very well and create a good atmosphere. I do feel that a lot of games get this right, though. Having played other games where atmosphere is important, I think developers realize that you just can't build a good immersive game without the proper auditory cues. This game makes great use of its music, sound effects, and just absolute, dead silence whenever necessary. It creates a very eerie atmosphere indeed.The story is very intriguing itself. It's got a nice, Bioshock level twist at the end. I do have to say that I expected this game to be a bit more focused on the ""horror"" aspect, and I found the story undermines it a little bit. It's hard to explain this without actually spoiling the story, but needless to say, I felt fairly confident that I'm unlikely to be in any actual threat, or at least the threats are going to be rather infrequent. It's not a bad story, though, in fact quite the contrary, it's a good story told very well. It just happens to miss the theme that I was expecting from the game. It's still very chilling as it progresses. It's just that you as a character are not participating in it, just observing it.Now on with the negatives.Steam will show that my play time for this game is about 3 hours or so. That's how long it really took to get through this game. Why is it so short? It makes it feel more like a minigame than a full fledged title. This short play time really makes me wish that the developers actually cut down some of the time they spent on the graphics and sunk more of it into creating an actual game. Pretty graphics are all well, but I want a good game.And that's another thing. This game can well be called an Eerie Walking Simulator. It's very minimalistic in almost all content that actually matters. It's a great experience, but it's so hard to actually call this a game. I think I would have felt no shame in just watching someone play it on youtube. It would spare me some of the backtracking if I just happened to miss one of the puzzles in the world, having to go back to it just to unlock the final narrative. I do like the fact that no one is holding your hand, however, and the fact that the world is, for the most part, open even if there is little of it.Overall, the experience is great, and the quality of execution is superb, but because of that, quantity suffers greatly. At 3-5 hours, you can easily finish it in one sitting even if you take your time to explore the environment.I'll recommend the game, but only if its on sale. I give it 7/10, just because of its length and the small amount of stuff to do in it. Despite the shortness, it's got a great story, great graphics, and great sound. If you can't get it on sale, watch it somewhere on youtube because it's worth at least that much."
76561198130682751,Recommended,258520,15115878,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,dragonmeir,This is one of the finest narrative driven games i have played in awhile not to long not to short.Compelling graphics and sound.
76561198174489231,Recommended,258520,16917716,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Whoopie Pie,"My wife is not at all into playing games. Last night I handed her the controller and turned this on for the first time. I watched her play and we both had a great time for a solid three hours. We plan on trying to finish this tonight. It is quite the experience to say the least. Very refreshing to play a game that has nothing to do with combat. Also, it is gorgeous, unexpectedly large, and very lonely. Highly recommended."
76561198081193118,Recommended,258520,24125120,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Alicia Vikander Fan,"One of the most dissapointing endings ever. And yes, in my opinion worse than Mass Effect 3's (Which wasn't that bad). Expect to get stuck for hours if you can't figure out the mechanic of finding out where certain objects are. When you see the same word many times keep moving untill they all come together. Knowing that would have saved me hours. Definetly not worth 20$ as if you know what your doing it could be completed in a hour. But pretty much everything besides that is great. Things are really misterious and surprising. The first minute is very scary. And it's cool that some of the people behind one of the most underated game of all time, Bulletstorm, made this. Next time, just don't screw up the ending. It makes everything you've done seem like a waste of time. 7/10"
,Recommended,258520,13132405,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,⚔ ElƵorro ⚔,"Very nice and special game.In my opinion especially the grafics are stunning, it looks quite beautiful and kind of ""skyrimish""...Also the gameplay is quite unique and against expectations not boring.But I think for only about 6 hours of gaming you should wait for a sale and not spent 18,99 € for this game."
,Recommended,258520,12423687,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ElVexo,"A beautiful and immersive exploration experience.The engaging storyline coupled with top notch visuals and an enchanting soundtrack make this an easy buy for those who enjoy mature point-and-click mysteries.  The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a near-perfect blend of Myst and Alan Wake with a strong sprinkling of HP Lovecraft.The replay value is low and the gameplay is relatively short, but at $20 I consider it money well spent, despite an unfortunately weak save mechanism."
,Recommended,258520,15250584,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sleepies,"A Myst like game with absolute stunning visuals and story. However it is way too difficult as it stated ""No Hands Held"", it don't even feature a in game map! Be honest I can't solve a single mystery without I-G-N Walkthough guide assistance. Still worth a buy on discount!"
,Recommended,258520,21581836,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,-DI- Elemental,"The Vanishing of Ethan CarterI stumbled upon this game a couple times before buying it. You can clearly see that this game looks amazing, no one can say otherwise. This is what I call thePerfect Sunday Game, a ~4hours long mysterious story with puzzle elements.It's a small but enjoyable game. The story could be a lot better and more complex, however the atmospheric gameplay makes you want to keep playing. If you'd like to explore such abeautiful environmentwhile playing through a storyline be sure to get this game!"
76561198034625232,Recommended,258520,33106026,Posted: 1 July,all,IreneHCapone,"A mixture of walking simulation and puzzles.The scenery is so beautiful (I wanted to take a screenshot of every single frame), which is a huge artistic merit! I personally am not sure how it would've turned out without the stunning landscape.When it comes to the story, it's short and engaging. Some people might figure out what it is all about while playing, some might find the end nicely surprising. I myself wondered about several things during the game, but it only hit me near the very end.If you're looking for a nice walk in the woods with the occasional scene of murder, this is absolutely for you! And the landscape. Of course."
76561198080123161,Recommended,258520,15213412,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Speikobrarote,"This game is first of all very pretty. Its a very very pretty walking simulator with story and a few puzzles. Also a few horror elements and gore. But overall its just so pretty. The atmosphere is great, the music is great, space is great.BUT and here comes the but:If you get the game, get it on discount or with a coupon. Because it really isnt much more than walking through beautiful landscape and resolving some crimes and walking through some dark places.The voiceacting is great and the character models, except for the female one, are also great.Saddly the last part of the game blew the feeeling away because I forgot one tiny thing and didnt finish one puzzle/quest before the end and had to go back all the way. I guess it was a good intention to rewatch all the landscape and hard work they put into the game ... but it killed my mood.Also...space...8/10 because theres no replay need. Except for some hidden easter egg but thats it. But thanks for all the wallpaper worthy screenshots!"
,Recommended,258520,33259880,Posted: 4 July,all,GLXYQST,"I played the Redux version first (about 3 hrs gameplay, without using a walkthrough), and then the regular version (1.8 hrs gameplay, skipping all the scenes). I would recommend the Redux version, simply for the graphics tune-up.Figuring out the story and the puzzles on your own, all the while in a breathtaking and sometimes haunting environment, makes this one of my favorite walking simulator / mystery games. However, there is very little re-play value - once you've figured out the puzzles, it's simply an atmospheric experience. I found playing the game a second time somewhat diminished my original play-through experience.Play Redux, play once, and play in the dark with your headphones on."
,Recommended,258520,16445751,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Honk Hill,"I bought this game because it had a very similar look to Alan Wake, another game I would recommend if you enjoy this.The game starts out innocent enough gradually becoming more and more eerie as it reaches the climax. Using interesting game mechanics and problems/puzzles that will more than likely have you reaching for a pad of paper or a wiki I found it was difficult to come to grips with at first, but once I understood the basic mechanics (or actually read the notes left behind) it was quite simple to pick up, and very interesting to unravel.The gameplay itself is very fluid, no loading screens to ruin the serenity or immersion which is very impressive, visually stunning and very well put together.I have 2 gripes with this game:1) It is totally open plan, the game makes it very clear from the start that it isn't going to hold your hand, because of this I walked straight passed 2 puzzles, missed the 3rd and did the the 4th scene first, then went back in case I'd missed something - Also when getting achievements later I found you can get through almost 90% of the game without actually completing any of the puzzles. Obviously you won't have a clue what's going on when you are eventually forced to solve one, but I think a lot of people will get themselves confused by the non-linear gameplay and stop playing.2) There is a jumpscare - don't get me wrong, they have their place in the gaming world, but this really didn't seem like the game. Fair play to the dev's they did it ONCE, and after it happened I learned not to do it again. In a game where you don't meet another person throughout, and the only interaction you have with ""other people"" is your inner monologue and flashbacks, when I saw a ghoulish figure I thought he was another flashback or puzzle piece. I was certainly not expecting him to dive on my screen and devour me, it just seemed out of place with the atmosphere of the game.TL;DRIt took me 3 hours to get all the achievements and finish the game to an extent where I am happy I didn't miss anything, and took enough pretty screenshots to last a lifetime, probably not worth the RRP steam has it for, but if it's in a sale I would definitely grab it."
,Recommended,258520,26635053,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Nyu,about graphic sound and atmospherethis isARTsuch a small line between reality and virtuality>start>walk>enjoy exploring a painting.
76561198038117709,Recommended,258520,33303416,Posted: 6 July,all,Darxshad,"A walking simulator with a creepy setting. This game is an interesting experience, with beautiful views and enjoyable puzzles. The story is presented as a mystery that unfolds as you progress throughout the game. As with other ""walking simuilators"", game mechanics are limited. The game consists of mainly walking, interacting, and inspecting. Overall, a worth-while experience.Notes:As there are no tutorials or directions, you may sometimes accidentally skip a section. However, sections may be revisited later.There are some horror bits in the game, so keep that in mind.Make sure resolution and graphics details are high enough, as some graphical details may not be easy to read/decipher.Try this out if you are interested in a mystery puzzle game."
,Recommended,258520,14449151,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ShopCommunityNews,"HD wallpaper sim with a decent gameplay and nice story. Big part of ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is sightseeing, so if you are not into this thing, finishing the game will take about 2 hours.Can't recommend this adventure to everyone, although I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,258520,14702187,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Eiagra,"A beautiful game, excellent storytelling, and, with a couple of caveats, an immersive experience.  The game will take between 4 and 6 hours to fully complete, depending on how much you backtrack.  If you let the game guide you a little, it's a fairly linear experience, but otherwise it's open for exploration.A few caveats before diving in, some of them kind of important to consider when playing the game:1.) This game can cause Simulation Sickness in those who are sensitive.  I fall amongst those, and despite tinkering in the settings to change the view angle and such, I still got very ill playing this game.  That didn't stop me from playing, but it did force me to only an hour or two of playing before I had to take a break and sleep the sickness off.  Your mileage may vary.2.) The save system is not player-controlled.  Instead, it saves after (and sometimes before) important scenes.  Because of this, you can find yourself having to re-tread old territory if you were exploring quite a bit and didn't encounter a scene save.  However, if you re-play a scene or re-read a story, the scene will save again, so you can use these scenes as waypoints.  It's not the ""conventional"" way to save, so this may throw some people off, but it really isn't that big a deal.3.) Certain game mechanics that you would expect from a first-person perspective game are missing.  Primarily, the ability to jump.  There are run and crouch mechanics, but sometimes you just want to climb over a rock and jump to try to... only for nothing to happen.  Not really a big deal, since there isn't anything there (that's the game's way of saying, ""Turn back"") but it's another of those minor hitches that can trip a player up.In essence, this is a game a little bit like Dear Esther, with the ""games as storytelling device"" mechanics, but I feel it does so in fine form.  Their spin on psychic investigation is quite novel, the effects very cool, and overall the whole game just compelled me to want to keep going.  Take your time when playing so you can really take it all in, from the scenery to the cutscenes to the narration.If $20 is a little steep for you, wait for it to go on sale, but at the very least put it in your Wishlist so you'll be notified when it does.  Oh, and maybe take a Dramamine once you get started.Highly recommended, and I hope to see more such stories from these developers."
76561198054243054,Recommended,258520,14726987,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,legeni,"I found that using the walkthrough while playing really helps, otherwise you'll find yourself lost and frustrated at certain points in the game.  It was surprisingly short, so if you plan to buy it, I highly recommend waiting for it to go on sale.  It had AMAZING graphics, loved every minute of exploration (found myself looking for great spots for screenshots).  The story itself made me feel intrigued, scared, and a little sad...which i haven't felt toward a game in a long time."
76561197970563452,Recommended,258520,14753000,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Rico The Saboteur,"After a couple hours, I was ready to call this an awesome game. Sadly, in the long run, it's a bit underwhelming. The game contains 10ish puzzles with half being murder mysteries that use the same mechanic and of those only a couple stand out. The five-ish other puzzles range from mundane to brilliant and most of the good stuff is early in the game. It feels like, with such a limited quantity of content, the majority of puzzles should be great and surprising, but here it kinda feels like the devs ran out of steam (no pun intended).Even with these slight flaws I still would recommend this game for its originality and the potential it shows.Also: AAA production value for an indie price!"
76561197981833635,Recommended,258520,13790694,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mys3ry,"It took me a while to decide if I really liked this game. It's a departure from the types of games that I usually play, and  quite different from the detective games that I used to play a long time ago -- Tex Murphy etc. But, this game is gorgeous, the visuals are stunning, I spent a lot of time just looking around and enjoying the view with the detective work way on the back burner. As a 'walking simulator' this game rocks, as a detective story it's ok, but on the easy side and too short with only a handful of puzzles to solve. If you wanted, you could speed run this game in 30-40 mins I'm guessing, but in the end the great visuals save the day and you will not want to rush through it. I can only imagine how cool it would be to play this on an Occulus Rift or equivalent The Astronauts have raised the graphical bar and charted new territory, kudos to them!  With their success and improved resources I can hardly wait to see what they come up with next .."
76561197969066488,Recommended,258520,12291645,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Warlok,"There are few games I label as an ""Expierience"" this was one. Thank you to ""The Astronauts"""
,Recommended,258520,33553408,Posted: 15 July,all,Marvash Magalli,"Review of the Redux versionBeautiful graphics and good voice acting, and a marvelous setting that allows you to fully immese yourself into the story.I hate games that gives you ""too much freedom"" like Skyrim, cause you end up loosing focus of the main story pretty quickly, but this game has the right amout of freedom a videogame should have.The final ""plot twist"", even if guessable, still leaves you speachless, and I loved the little details that you can only fully understand once you finished the game.""Only"" 4 hours of gameplay, that may seem not worth the cost of the game, but I assure you they are.I couldn't find any downside to this game, nothing that would justify you to think ""eh, I don't feel like continue this game right now"" and let it die in your library.10/10 would play again...... actually I will, since when you purchase this game you'll get the normal version of the game and the Redux one, each with his pwn set of achievements and cards (yup guys, basically double cards for you)."
,Recommended,258520,31915972,Posted: 23 May,all,AlecsD,"This game gave me the chills.Superb atmosphere, mesmerizing sceneries, rewarding puzzles, awesome story."
76561198055145294,Recommended,258520,12290460,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,hran,"A lovely, interesting, atmospheric game. Visually stunning. If you liked Miasmata and Dear Esther, you will like this."
,Recommended,258520,15210257,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. A Subtly Disturbing Yet Compelling Mystery Game.Genre: First Person Atmospheric Story Driven Mystery with Psychological Horror ElementsDeveloper & Publisher: The AstronautsPlatform Support: Windows, PS4. Mac & Linux ""Coming Soon"".Business Model: Base Game.Copy Purchased by MyselfOverall Gameplay ThoughtsVanishing comes very, very close to a Walking Simulator. There really isn’t a failure state, your actions don’t really affect the game in any meaningful way and the game expects you to experience a lot of it. The only influence you have is exploring the world of Red Creek Valley, solving the puzzles and, by extension, the mystery Paul Prospero is here to solve. Oh right, that’s the guy who you’re controlling and hear monologue as you explore the valley. So, you'll walk along at a fairly steady pace (there's a reasonably faster sprint as well), drink in the atmosphere while you search for clues of Ethan's whereabouts. All the while discovering that there's something creepy and sinister beneath the surface.Red Creek Valley is divided up into multiple areas, each containing a major puzzle or two for you to solve. Puzzles, for the most part, boil down to finding all the objects within a given area and figuring out how they all go together. The music playing in the background will clue you in on whether you’ve left the given area very subtly. Which is helpful because you’ll never need to leave an area in order to solve that particular puzzle. There aren’t any random items on the other side of the map that you have to find. It should be noted that it isn't required to solve these puzzle areas in any particular order, they can be done at any time. Outside of soaking in the sights and experiencing the strange events going on, there’s not much else to do. However, I always felt like I was involved. There wasn't any boring section I felt forced to walk through. It might help that Red Creek Valley appealed to me. Being able to see the burned out buildings, the rusted train cars and nature reclaiming the area, it really intrigued me. It's a feel of history and decay that Vanishing goes out of its way to really sell to the player. It feels like a real place and it’s setup like a real place. I think that helped me enjoy the game more.Atmosphere & JumpscaresThe atmosphere ate away at me. Slowly, creepily, I would sometimes jump at my phone beeping at me. It’s insidious how this game gets into your head. It makes you think something will jump out, scare you half to death and eat what remains of your sanity alive. Spoiler: that doesn’t happen. Except for one area, I’ll explain below. This isn’t a hardcore scare title like Amnesia: The Dark Descent. It’s far tamer by comparison while holding its own. I was often thinking that some dark fantasy creature such as Cthulhu was behind the scenes. It was amusing when that theory was half confirmed. The game will do its best to unnerve you. So long as you let it.There’s only one section of the map where jump scares are present. It’s in a mine and they sort of warn you that it’s coming. Sort of. And it’s mostly optional unless you want a 100% completion rating. At least, I’m fairly certain its optional. The scare is when you’re running around in a mining maze, searching for clues to open a large door in the center of it. In this area, is an undead miner who’s been cursed. While you’re walking around, if you hear a telltale noise you should immediately turn around and go the other way. Otherwise, BOO. You have to start from the beginning of the maze.PC Settings & OptimizationOptimization wise, this game leaves a bit to be desired. You will need to tweak your graphics options to get the best performance as running everything on high will drag the performance down hard. I noticed that Anti-Aliasing and Texture Filtering were the big performance hogs. Oh and there is constant texture loading, which will cause your game to “stutter” frequently as it loads them. This is a problem that affects a lot of computers and it’s immersion breaking. Additionally, if you’re not running a 16:9 resolution, the game will letterbox/pillarbox. Which I find to be frankly inexcusable for a native PC game to be this way. I can’t figure out why the devs didn’t scale the resolutions properly, it’s not like the Unreal engine can’t do it. PCGamingWiki has a installable solution to fix this as well as grant you multi-monitor and ultra-widescreen options. Additionally, while there is a proper Field-of-View slider in the options, (70-120) it crops the image in order to do it. Overall, while the game does run/scale well (and it does so long as you tweak about in the settings), the remaining problems are less excusable. Also, saving is only done in chunks so you might revert some of your actions when quitting and reloading.Redux Edition Quick ThoughtsI gave the Redux edition a quick run through and they seem to have fixed a lot of the problems the original game had. The micro-stutter is completely gone, there's no more pillarboxing as the resolution scales and performance generally seems to be better, if more taxing on machines. Saving is now done every time you act now too. FoV is still a crop effect but I'll let it be. There's also a bunch of tweaks and visual improvements added that you probably won't notice. There's no story difference between the two editions so if you can, play the redux. If that's too taxing, play the original. Kudos to the devs for doing this for free.Final ThoughtsThe atmosphere and mystery makes for a compelling experience. While it does have a lot of adventure/walking simulator aspects to it, it still keeps the player involved the entire time. The atmosphere of a decaying rural area known as Red River Valley is simply intriguing. The psychological horror just works so well. Jump scares are rare but there’s something that eats at you the entire time. When finished, the game will leave you with more questions than answers though not in the “find out in the sequel” sort of way. I should note that the characters are rather cliche but when I consider the ending, it works and feels intentional. Visually, the game looks superb and the audio is top notch. If you're looking for a fun mystery/exploration through a decaying rural area, give The Vanishing of Ethan Carter a go.Read This and More Like It on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
76561198283430853,Recommended,258520,23886856,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,vandenbroecksebastien,"This is a very good puzzle game. The plot is well constructed. The setting and atmosphere are just awesome. I had great moments playing this game and don't regret having bought it!People, if you hesitate, this is one of teh very few games that worth the shot! And I can't agree more with Eurogamer : ""Leaves you with several amazing memories; moments that you will want to talk to your friends about for hours.”"
,Recommended,258520,13140182,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,raizon,It's a visual novel in 3D.
76561198051213950,Recommended,258520,27567488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OQY,"I wandered in steam store, watching different game reviews. I got bored and i went to broadcasting page. I looked around and i saw this game. I was so astonished that i stared about 45 minutes how some random gamer played it :D I immediately knew that it has to be in my library. Such an awesome find in the broadcast.Game itself is real masterpiece from graphics, atmosphere and in story perspective. It puts you there...Tremendous recommendation :)"
76561197995253696,Recommended,258520,30069649,Posted: 20 February,all,Kikbak,"A Game to be Experienced, Not PlayedI finished this game yesterday and I am still thinking through the storyline and the characters.  Much like a really good book, I couldn't put it down for long.  I just had to know how it all played out.  I will say that those expecting the protagonist to be packing a BFG and taking out evil, then this is not that type of experience.First off, the game itself is gorgeous and just drips with melancholy emptiness.  There is a an evil just beyond the veil of beauty and the story brings that out.  Fans ofTwin PeaksandStranger Thingswould likely feel right at home.  Don't ever trust that picture-perfect small town.Puzzle elements are very light and forgiving.  The worst that may happen is you reset and start again.  I did not experience a single glitch in my playthrough.  There were a couple of jump scares, and yes - I did jump . . . slightly (don't judge).I did find myself wishing there was a run setting or warp function.  You move through the game at a purposeful trot at best (aka walking simulator).  But aside from going back for a couple of bonus items, the game was linear, moving from one scene to the next as the story unfolded.  And that is the focus here - the story.  ""Gameplay"" takes a back seat.And then it was all over, the story was told.  No strategy, score, or massive shoulder pads.  Just the story and its lingering lessons.  And I will likely experience Red Creek Valley again at some point.  My thanks to The Astronauts for creating this title."
76561198054438418,Recommended,258520,15148017,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,mercenaryai,"Loved the atmosphere.Game's visuals, sound, music, storytelling and attention to details - everything was great!"
76561197980088748,Recommended,258520,15147926,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TEMPLOITER [WDMKR],"A great game with a great story.  A bit short, but well worth the price.  More than worth the price, to be honest."
,Recommended,258520,13723673,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DiscountNinja,"Highly recommended. Possibly my GotY 2014. Atmposhperic, interesting and well designed. The music in particular has been very well chosen/composed. Short story is excellent, though it would have been nice to have had a few more hours on the game. For the Steam Sale price I paid for it I can't fault it in any major way. More games like this would be much appreciated."
76561198004204982,Recommended,258520,15098017,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Magma Bunny,"I love games that involve casual exploration through expansive natural environments, but this game taught me an early lesson that they sometimes hide plot-vital triggers off in the woods. By the end, they will help you find what you missed, but I did not know that at the beginning. For much of the game I was so worried about potentially walking past an investigation point that I could not simply enjoy the wind and the sun setting through the trees. Since the world is very large and interest areas are spread out, it would have been nice to get some sort of audio cue that I was close to one. The developers clearly know about using music to set the mood, it would have been nice to go the next step."
,Recommended,258520,15196992,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Cmdo.Delta,Didnt play much but so far it's just an incredible game. I'm amazingly surprised and I totaly like that game. I hope they can create some other nice stuff like this! :)
,Recommended,258520,15239761,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Drunken Knight,"Very funny game, the best part was when all the stuff happened."
,Recommended,258520,12593627,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,0st - det er godt™,"Truly beautiful, perfect atmosphere and very good gameplay."
76561198071668294,Recommended,258520,13131566,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Awon (Simon),"One of the few VERY BEST games ive ever played! Creepy as hell, REALLY DIFFERENT, pure amazing, a beautifull piece of art. A masterpiece. Why isnt this the most talked about thing on earth!? Seriously, this is like the game of my dreams! Thank you!"
,Recommended,258520,15180603,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Teh1WhoKnox,"This game was amazing! If you like puzzles that don't hold your hand and just give you the world, this is for you! The world is beautiful, and the puzzles are hard. If you miss anything for a puzzle or scene as the game calls it, it won't stop you. Just later on you will have to redo or complete it. I know that from experience, but luckily it was only one and it was very short. You have to be very opened eyed or explorative to find some of the clues or items. A few had me stuck for a while. The only gripe I had with this game is the save system. If you haven't completed a scene or have gotten a clue it will not save. I had found a work around for this but it was later in the game, when you get on the elevator and move and get off it saves. For example you just get in press ""up"" then ""stop"" then ""down"" it will save. All in all I really liked the game and would definitly recommend this game to friends."
,Recommended,258520,12389674,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jeppa,"Go down in the mines they said it would be fun, they said."
,Recommended,258520,13204299,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wracky,"Albeit rather short, the entire experience is beautifully designed, very atmospheric, with great music to set the mood. If you like exploring, and enjoy great graphics, an interesting story and a bit creepy gameplay, definitely pick it up :) As said, it's not very long, but I do feel it's ""finished"". I don't feel making it longer would have added anything. Well done."
76561197967355416,Recommended,258520,13701405,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Eyvindur,I found this game very enjoyable. The environmental graphics are stunning.
76561197989132185,Recommended,258520,15186272,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,pulp-reduced,"Immediate beauty. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter strikes you right away with a vibrant naturalistic look. The trees sway in a sort of hazy wave-like motion and the bright colors of the forest grasps you, encompassing your entirety in its supreme beauty. There is a mystery in place, hints of darkness and a brooding sense of tragedy is at hand. The enigmatic atmosphere is accentuated by the fog and thickness of the flora, the hostility of nature looming towards us; and as we exit out of the tunnel, out of the darkness, onto a rail track, we are met with a frame, that of an almost clichéd photograph. It is the rail track that gives us a way forward, and it is the center-piece, but there is also the worn-down electricity line accompanied by the rusty rail track that gives us the same ruggedness as that of a lost and forsaken place. When the path veers off into the multitude, we truly understand the vastness of our task, the enigma that lies before us, the abrogation of our sense of security and bearing. It is in this murky following we move along the lines the synthesis between rot and beauty, and the  concept of beauty residing in the rotten, in the forgotten, the worn and forlorn, that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter gives us as its first impression.Musically the game conveys similar images, similar themes. A sort of mixture between dread and beauty underlies every moment of the game, that at times suddenly shoot out into excitement, and forces the player to move quicker, it becomes a signifier for changes in play. We are early on met with an astronaut that when we catch up to him, he vanishes to our discombobulation, but the music switches and we hear the sound of a reappearance in the distance, indicating now our new task to follow; to chase! The music elucidates the occult nature of our surrounding, making it a salient grabber of both or attention and curiosity.For our mission is often unclear, or veiled in the occult: there is no goal to be discerned throughout the start of this game, and what keeps us playing is for the most part the player's beguilement of the setting. We haplessly move forward due to small hints in front of us, even if it is but our immanent curiosity that leads the way. The anxiety that comes with choosing a path, or prioritizing different strains of curiosity, and in the process eliminating another (in a sense), is somehow palpable, since ignoring a path may lose out on a tangible story-element, or perhaps even the experience of a sublime beautiful scene; the potentiality of which is very real – as real as a potential contingency can be.The gameplay, however, is generally quite lacking, there is another type of game going on in our head. Firstly, we are trying to decipher what is going on, seeing patterns and hints at where things might be heading everywhere. There is a type of surrealist logic to the story that gives way for interpretation. It is the logic of a child that leads us in this story, in many ways. One that feels homely, one that gives us a way to see ourselves in the childish naivety of Ethan. There are these constant contrasts of reality contra belief, or imagination, that strikes us hard every time we go from a beautifully playful setting, with magic and space-travel, to the sloppily scribbled notes of a child in need of escapism, or the magical secret room juxtaposed with a broken down still. Secrecy gives way for imagination, the enigma gives us the reflection, and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter shines in this regard. The makers of this game knows how to engage the player in what is happening on screen, and this in spite of it being walking simulator-esque. But what my original point on this matter was, is that despite having little motor-control of your character, it heavily involves the real you in its puzzles and gameplay sessions. It heavily engages memory, imaginative and spatial skills to force the player to use mnemotechnical ways of thinking to achieve progress. The game gets you down to the level of this imaginative child and rips out any possibility of a vacant experiencing of this game.While the game has a process that goes on within the player, it does not suffer from complete unsubstantial gameplay. There are certain game-mechanics that the player gets to work with to figure out what really happened, what the actuality of this twofold story is. It is in the end a detective-story with a backbone of tragedy, and the game-mechanics reflect that. You have to inspect gruesome scenes of ritualistic murders, severed bodies and the like to find out what went on alongside the storytelling, and fix the memory or story of such a scene to render it complete. This story is all about finishing a story, game-play-wise and story-wise.When the smoke clears, in the midst of the mist, of what the story really is portraying, it hits you not without force. In the end you've been through a lot, the world is a knitted whole that feels perfectly melded into an experience that ultimately respected your time, for the most part. There are parts of the game where your objective is unclear, where your objective is well hidden in the lush forest, where you blindly try to stumble across the solution of a puzzle or a scene. But as a whole, there is no way to fault The Vanishing of Ethan Carter for these minor issues, that most likely will vary from person to person, depending on how attentive you are. The story has a lot in it, especially the one told from the child. There is frustration and hatred conflated with a sense of childlike wonder to be seen here, one that does have an emotional bone to it, that then is perfectly mirrored in the story as told from the detective's perspective. Herein lies not the most important game ever, or the best or most interesting, but a very well made, well told story with gameplay that suits it well. Everything has its place and suffers not from any contrivances. It is a finite, timely game, one that offer a fair bit of excitement, dread and compassion for the player, enough to warrant some – at least of my – time of remembrance, praise and appreciation."
,Recommended,258520,15167940,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Cataliia,"A well-written story, amazing graphics. The end is a bit sad and made me think about my life. I really recommend you to play"
,Recommended,258520,12503085,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Chimichangas,What a beautiful game.Uzun zamandır oynadığım en güzel oyunlardan bir tanesi.Atmosfer ve hikaye beni çok etkiledi herkesin kesinlikle oynaması gereken bir oyun...O kadar güzel ki ne desem az :D
,Recommended,258520,12603983,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,DØD VED KØLLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"If you are into puzzle games, that require a little bit of brain, then you should try this one out, I even had to look some of the puzzles up. :\ But nontheless good experience for such a short game. And yes I recommend this."
,Recommended,258520,14488124,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ei,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a really nice looking and sounding game that takes around 5 hours to finish. Its surreal story is reasonably original and will keep the player interested for the duration of the game.This type of game requires good immersion to be successful and fortunately it delivers in this regard. Its atmosphere is one of semi-constant uneasiness which will keep you on your toes as you explore its ominous locales.The main mechanism to advance the story is basically to stumble upon a mystery as you make your way across the setting and solve a few basic puzzles in order to figure out what happened. Said mysteries can be solved in any order.Some cons of the game are the checkpoint save system and some stuttering issues. Besides these, the game is smooth as a 25 year old Rum Zacapa.All in all, it's atmospheric and aesthetically pleasing but with some shortcomings, especially its short duration. Give it a go if you like narrative-driven games. Definitely one of the best looking games to date imho."
,Recommended,258520,15146695,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,sam,I usually dont do reviews cause im a lazy ♥♥♥♥ but this game was absolutely brilliant. The riddles are fun and a good mix of not too hard or easy and the atmosphere was just great.Since it's a quiet short game id recommend to buy whenever it's on sale or if you are looking for a sweet detective-kind-of-walksimulatorish game.10/10
,Recommended,258520,15151290,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Forevermuffins,"A very pretty game that has interesting ideas and mechanics, even for a ""walking simulator"" as some would call it.I was very impressed by the feel, the machanics, the looks, and the wispy story.I hope future games learn from this work, even considering how short it is."
76561198055662610,Recommended,258520,15151097,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Astra Starr,"Seriously, those moments of exploration that open up into huge unexpected and breath taking events- thats this game. I loved it. 5 out of 5, please please please make another."
76561197990271265,Recommended,258520,15149842,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,FaeTalan,This is a gorgeous first-person exploration game set in a beautiful and mysterious country-side village with interesting dark secrets for you to uncover. It also has an amazing soundtrack.
76561198067492072,Recommended,258520,15146839,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,GameHunter,This game is for people who love to get involved in story and are not afraid to wonder for a while in game. I highly recommend this for anyone who loves amazing scenery and an amazing storyline like no other!
,Recommended,258520,27601952,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SneakySalmon,Rip ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother got too lit
,Recommended,258520,13149286,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SirRadiant,"Great game.Dynamic and well implemented gameplay, beautiful scenery + music and a really believable level desing, not at all linear and caring about small details such as flow of water through the whole map, tree disposition, room distribution in houses, etc.You may (and probably will) get lost at some point, but if you just walk around and keep the last clue you got in mind you'll be able to get to the end in no time.8/10, much easier with the sniper rifle"
,Recommended,258520,19445433,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Almisuifre,"An interactive tale without guide. Immersive and poetic, weird and gloomy, beautiful and contemplative. Strong atmosphere, unfolding strangeness in the middle of superb landscapes. Short and quite simple, but the experience will probably stay in your thoughts..!I recommend thereduxversion (offered with the original game), better optimized, polishing aesthetics and gameplay details."
,Recommended,258520,12310871,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,OBookman,"I really don't know where to begin, this game moved me the way only a few games in the past could do. It is a walking simulator / adventure game / horror-thriller movie with a detective novel essence. Incredible graphics, almost real life like, the soundtracks reminded me of the naive Miyazaki movies, a little sad deep inside, a little wondrous like a child. I played it like a tourist as well, took so many screen shots I almost felt like a Japanese tourist in Istanbul... And you would play this game even if it lasted 4 years to complete, it would be a hell of a journey... Buy it play it, digest it, remember it..."
76561198052023446,Recommended,258520,33732234,Posted: 22 July,all,Raskolnikov,"Horror Without the JumpscaresThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a horror game for people who hate horror games. There is only one section with anything that could be remotely called a jump-scare – the game is designed to give the player a consistent sense of unease, not to startle them or produce short moments of terror.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter concerns an introverted teenager, the titular Ethan Carter, who is constantly belittled and criticized by his family. With no one to talk to at his home in the mining town of Red Creek Valley, Carter starts a correspondence with a paranormal investigator, Paul Prospero. Prospero quickly realizes that, beneath the human evil in Red Creek Valley, is something deeper and more malevolent. Taking the role of Paul Prospero, you try to find out what happened to Ethan and his family after arriving in Red Creek Valley to find a trail of corpses.In terms of gameplay, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a walking simulator/puzzle game where you explore the eerily beautiful town of Red Creek Valley and investigate a series of murders which happened within. To accomplish this, you find objects involved in the murder, return them to their original positions, and order the scenes produced by using your psychic abilities on the victim’s body.Virtually the entire five hours I spent playing this game was on the Vanishing of Ethan Carter Redux, the Unreal Engine 4 remake that comes free with every copy of the Vanishing of Ethan Carter.PositiveThe story was memorable and, unusually for video game stories, had symbolism and multiple layers of meaning.The voice-acting, while not rising to the level of Firewatch, was good. Paul Prospero’s voice-acting was particularly-memorable.The mechanics for solving the murders were inventive and very enjoyable.The game has more realistic graphics than some modern AAA games. The team who developed it used a technique called photogrammetry to create many of their assets, the same technique that was employed by DICE in creating the environments for Star Wars Battlefront. To top it off, the game has good lighting and good environment design. Red Creek Valley was simultaneously beautiful and creepy.The music is memorable, with a creepy or haunting orchestral score for virtually every location in Red Creek Valley. I had the Vanishing of Ethan Carter’s soundtrack playing in the background when I wrote this review.NegativeIt took me an hour of bumbling to get a hang of the puzzle-solving mechanics. Some people will enjoy the game allowing them to figure out how to play and, to its credit, the game states that it will not hold your hand on the title card, but I would have preferred more documentation.NeutralThe game is short. The average player will probably complete the game in about 4 hours on their first run. This does not perturb me – I previously recommended the equally-short Firewatch and Stanley Parable – but it may concern a value-conscience consumer.This game has enough puzzle-game elements that people who ordinarily do not enjoy walking simulators may like the Vanishing of Ethan Carter.Even if you don’t enjoy horror games, you might enjoy the Vanishing of Ethan Carter. The game is as much a tragedy as it is a horror game, telling the downfall of an economically-depressed family who had the misfortune to be born in a town with no future."
,Recommended,258520,33664867,Posted: 19 July,all,QuidProBro,"Ethan Carter is a little like that friend you had in high school who was both prom king and valedictorian. It probably could have coasted by on good looks alone, but it irritatingly insists on being well-rounded and ends up plunging you into existential angst.Ethan gets a lot of things right. The graphics, particularly on the Unreal 4 remake, are the National Geographic kind of pornography. The developers used extensive photo scanning to create a hyper-realistic environment, and if you squint a little bit, there are times when the game approaches photorealism. Since Ethan focuses more on immersion and exploration than it does on gameplay, this level of realism elevates the game from “macabre walking simulator” to “holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ remind me not to go to rural Wisconsin anytime soon”.The soundtrack is a fitting complement to the gorgeous terrain. Haunting but subtle, there to accentuate the experience without overly distracting from it, it adds a finishing touch of vague unease to an adventure that is otherwise largely silent.As is true with other games in this genre, it’s difficult to go into much detail about the game mechanics and story without giving too much away, but it can safely be said that while neither approaches the stratospheric standards set by the graphics, both are original and coherent enough to support the game’s ambitions. There are a number of subtle design touches that contribute to the narrative in small but significant ways, and as a result, Ethan is a game that benefits from a second playthrough. The plot isn’t wildly original, but it does tie up neatly at the end, and the developer’s focus on weird fiction storytelling has many smaller triumphs. Ethan is less about the plot than it is about the atmosphere, and you’ll find that the synergy of the two of them is more than enough to keep you engrossed for the duration of the game.Although the Redux version does fix a few of the game’s more critiqued flaws (the save system and the need for backtracking), there are still things to nitpick here. Aside from the main character, the voice acting is community theater quality (Ethan’s brother intermittently slips into a muted Irish accent), and the game’s dedication to creating an immersive environment sometimes sacrifices mechanical coherence on the altar of damn good looks. On balance, however, these are minor flaws, and they don’t chip away at the game’s ability to transport you to another (significantly more murderous) world.Ethan Carter is the kind of game that you want to just linger in, and that’s a testament to the engrossing setting the Astronauts have constructed here. Red Creek Valley deserves to be savored. Turn off your lights, pour yourself a soothing glass of your alcohol of choice, and let yourself get lost in the woods for a few hours. Just remember to take screenshots."
,Recommended,258520,33100702,Posted: 1 July,all,Sketch,"Played the Redux version. Steam wouldn't let me post a review for it.Mixed feelings about this game.Definitely engaging, but I restarted it after getting off track two hours in with the detective sequences. I didn't want to miss anything, but the interactive bits were very distant in proximity from each other. As in, walking what seemed like a mile until getting to another meaty story bit.On top of that, the entire ""focus the floating text"" game mechanic totally flew over my head. I thought it was just info that would eventually lead up to something more significant. I was clueless until I checked out the beginning of a YouTube playthrough. In the end, though, it didn't really matter for the overall story. There is even fast travel toward the end if you miss any significant scene.Not a bad game, especially after realizing it was just a collection of events spread throughout the map. It's just some things needed to be more obvious, and not so hunt-and-peck, for a cohesive story."
76561197996938973,Recommended,258520,30908575,Posted: 2 April,all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,Worth playing!
,Recommended,258520,12382106,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,please kill me,Walked around for four hours.10/10
,Recommended,258520,16460615,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kogitsune,"Up front: This game is very short - exepect to finish it in four hours or less unless you somehow miss one of the puzzles and have to backtrack. It offers no real replay value - while the story is presented in a non-linear manner where the only puzzle you need to complete before the others is all the puzzles before the last one, there is no variation. Only one solution for any given puzzle, and all puzzles must be completed to finish, leading to a sense of guide dangit if you bypass one of the early ones, which could be easy to do if you weren't coming the land. If you can tolerate a short and linear game for a vivid experience, I'd recommend it.That is the only major complaint I have with the game - the plot is very good with an excellent ending, the narrator is pleasing to listen to ( although not as good as a Bastion ), the environments are fairly detailed with a sprinkling of places you can't enter as part of the plot railroad. The soundtrack is great, and the sound work is just as good. The graphics, while not the best in the world, are very well done and sell the setting.The main puzzles are fairly simple, but interesting - you will be attempting to solve murders of people and must track down each clue before you enter a timeline where the events must be placed in the correct order ( which can lead to some guesswork as not all are clear until you get it wrong the first time ). The side missions are more varied - you chase an astronaut and go into space, you must navigate a house where all the doorways have portals in them, making them line up correctly to reach the wizard's protected room, and a few others.If the developers were to release a TellTale-type chapters game following the mentioned but unelaborated previous cases of the player, Paul Prospero, I'd be all over that in a heartbeat, but the experience itself is worth a few bucks - certainly as much as you'd pay for a visual novel or light book - but not quite 10 dollars - once it reaches the 5 dollar mark it becomes worth it."
,Recommended,258520,12368072,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Traxdata,In short - 4.5/5 stars.+ Awesome graphics+ No real GUI+ Less is more when it comes to actions/interations+ Nice story+ You got me once with those zombies there - really scared me- It took me a while to get into the senses thing and the interaction with dead bodies- falls a bit short
,Recommended,258520,16433856,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ender of Games,One of the best stories that has been told in any form of media.
,Recommended,258520,15178614,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Aldrenean,"This is a nice little mystery-solving game that you can easily complete in an afternoon. There are some great moments and set-pieces, and although the overall plot and especially ending left me a bit disappointed, the enviroments are (mostly) beautiful, and the puzzles are generally satisfying without being particularly difficult or annoying.  7/10."
,Recommended,258520,17997311,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,slashgear29,Everything about this game is fantastic ... except for the mine level
76561197969875942,Recommended,258520,17998089,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Dvine,"Amazing graphics that paint the melancholic atmosphere of the game well...However the redux is out.It doesn't look like you can port save games, so I wonder if it's worth starting all over again.The redux certainly looks great (as well ) tho.Here is my first steps into the redux:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56vXfq4vvWY"
,Recommended,258520,13116225,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Traeger,"An immersive, breathtaking adventure.10/10"
,Recommended,258520,16455496,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NIИ,"Beautiful graphics, simplistic game style and creepy mystery vibe to the story.Wonderful Game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,258520,22623689,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cam,"This is, hands down, the best ""walking simulator"" out there. The graphics are gorgeous, the writing is delightful and full of emotional turns, the puzzles are logical and just the right length, there's plenty of secrets to find, and you get lots of quality game time out of your investment. This is what every ""art game"" should aspire to be. My only complaint is that the cards take a little longer to drop than it does to find everything in the game (at least for me)."
,Recommended,258520,13099281,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Court,"When I paid the amount I paid for it was 11.99. I got about 4 hours out of this. Short, yeah. But the more I thought about it, there are 1 hour half-baked movies being sold 9 dollars a ticket. Now the Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a very well thought out game. It looks amazing, sounds amazing, and plays great. The puzzles in this are interesting, the story is engaging,  and some ok voice acting here and there, most is good. I guess you could negativly call this a walking sim, but it is a walking sim I enjoyed a lot."
,Recommended,258520,16622835,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Zeph,"This was by far one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. I found myself a few times just looking around at the environment. The story was very fun as well, I found myself not too sure what was going on by the middle, but somehow okay with it. The ending was well worth the effort and made me go ""ohhhh!"".I did wish for some kind of a visual prompt to let me know where to head occassionally. There were a few times I just ran around like a nut until I hit a hill or something and said ""Oh! That makes sense... I guess"". It seems like maybe the ""we're not going to hold your hand"" was taken a little far.The only other thing I think could have used an explanation was control. I didn't realize until after chapter 3 that I could use my Xbox controller in-game. Yes, I could have gone back to steam and checked to see that it said ""Partial Controller Support"" but a small visual on the main menu would be helpful.Anyway, in summary; it was a super fun game, and I may fire it up from time to time just to look at the graphics. The UI needed a little love though.Zephree's Score: 8/10"
76561198032182201,Recommended,258520,13588375,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,RaQ,"Great game, though I would recomend buying it on sale since I finished it in 4h. Grafics are fatastic. Mechanic of the game, even though simple, is really innovative and enjoyable. I would love to play longer Sherlock Holmes game within this concept and with those grafics and level design!"
,Recommended,258520,13840098,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"This game is incredibly atmospheric and completely gorgeous, but that's not what makes it fun to play.  It has an interesting story, immersed with equally interesting side-stories, can be played in any order, and is surprising enough at the end that I didn't really ""see it coming"" in terms of resolution.  Here's a very short rundown on what it offers and what it doesn't, to help you make a decision on trying it or not.  Note that I'm not making these ""pros and cons"" as opinion could vary wildly on whether these are good or bad points.  Here's what it offers instead.What it has:-a compelling mystery storyline that can be completed in any order (however all parts do need to be completed to see the end)-a ""walking simulator"" format that is based almost entirely on exploration with isolated puzzles.  Puzzles vary in complexity (there are walkthroughs available online for the more obscure solutions, but probably aren't necessary for most people experienced with puzzles).-Stunning graphics.  Bear in mind, however, that if you're running an older computer (like me), you might have to turn down some of the visual settings.  Personally, I spent a few minutes wowing at the scenery and then had to roll back the settings; however, even with lower settings it's a beautiful game.-A quietly chilling atmophere that is generally not ""scary"" but maintains a slow, creeping eerieness.  With the exception of one puzzle area that incorporates some jump scares, they keep the horror aspect to the quiet, psychological variety.What it doesn't have:-Save points.  The game autosaves at the end of each puzzle area (regardless of the order you complete in), which makes for smooth gameplay but also means that you can't stop mid-puzzle and come back later.  Generally though, the areas are not grossly spread out so restarting from the completion of the previous puzzle doesn't set you back much unless you had mostly finished an area before quitting.-Combat.  You walk and solve puzzles, but you don't fight anything.  There is a section where you have to avoid a nasty thing, but it'll just set you back to the beginning of the area.-Tutorial, guidance, or rules.  They tell you flat out at the beginning that they won't hold your hand, and they mean it.  Thankfully, the interface is very simple so at least in that respect, handholding is not necessary.So that's the nutshell summary of what the game offers.  If you like the walking-simulator style, mysteries, and puzzles, you may like this one.  If you like big action, combat, and explosions, you may not.  Your mileage may vary!"
,Recommended,258520,22825788,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,1oon,"No doubt this is a great gaming experience and I hope we'll see more of these.That said it its far from perfect, perhaps it lacks some content, that is, it's a little short if you're paying full price. The finale  also leaves you feeling a little disapointed, although in part due to the way it pulls you into the story."
,Recommended,258520,20900774,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,"Mr. Flibble Who Say ""Ni!""","...atmospheric ...audio-visual orgy ... beautiful nature ...no, definitely not Crysis 3....case ... ghost town ... supernatural abilities ...no, definitely not Alan Wake. :-)PLS, give me more!"
76561198275936351,Recommended,258520,33843452,Posted: 27 July,all,Raven,"I tried to play this game, but the game asks you to pay attention on details and every clue to solve the mystery, what I couldn't do. I recommend this game not for what I played, but for what I felt while I watched the gameplay; and I think it's a great game for those who likes the mystery gender."
,Recommended,258520,12462805,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Razenole,"The game is very very well presented and the crime solving element was very very cool.However the intersting crime solving mechanic devolves after the first two and stops being an exercise in observation and ellimination, which was incredibly satisfying, and instead becomes very linear. I loved this part of the game up until this point.That, however, is the only problem I have with the game. Great visuals, great story, very intelligent puzzle solving situations, great atmosphere and nice mechanics. Think Alan Wake, Gone Home and Dear Esther wrapped into one, but handled much better than the afore mentioned. It is fairly short and can be completed very quickly, but it is a good ride while it lasts.If you're looking for a good story, a great sense of creeping horror and a game that treats its audience like intelligent people, then pick this up in a heart beat."
76561198139033688,Recommended,258520,23660551,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Meep,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a great game with a great atmosphere and a good story but a little bit to short.
,Recommended,258520,12269319,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Drowrin,"This game tells a story. It tells it very well--incredibly well. Some people have complained about its length. I say that it is more than twice as long as most movies, and more in depth as well. Because of the interactive elements, this game tells the story far better than any movie could. Do i wish it were longer? yes, I do. Am I still satisfied with the product? Very much yes.Visuals 10/10Incredible, not just in quality but in design.Sound 9/10Great sounds, great music. very immersive. there were a couple of audio glitches though, and it wouldn't work with my surround sound.Story 9/10Great story. Well presented. Short.Gameplay 8/10This game reminded me of old school point and clicks, but in 3D with much more polish. Being a hybrid of a first person game and a point and click, I felt elements of both missing though. Like the lack of any way to jump (would serve no purpose really, just didn't feel natural without it) and lack of a viewable inventory or map. However, these things didn't really detract from the gameplay, and the lack of them almost added to the game's style.Would I recommend you get this game? Do you like story and puzzles? Then yes, get this game (maybe on sale, its only 5-6 hours long). If not, leave it be. If you are here for the horror alone, you might be disapointed. The game definately had a creepy atmosphere, a fair share of disturbing scenes, and a handfull of ""horror"" scenes--but not enough for me to really call this a horror game."
,Recommended,258520,14532774,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,prozakk,"Interesting Story, Impressive graphics, Awesome vreepy atmosphere. If you enjoyed Dear Esther or Gone Home, than this will be right up your alley. Worth the $5 I payed for in a steam sale. (Buy it on a steam sale.)"
,Recommended,258520,29764028,Posted: 7 February,all,Rahkshi,I loved this experiencebut I only played the Redux version
,Recommended,258520,12451840,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ZapWizard,"What a beautiful story and narative. The actual game is pretty easy, similar to Dear Ester, but better. This is more of an interactive story then a game. The graphics and scenery make it so everywhere you look there is an amazing view. It not too short either, took me four hours to finish it. It is easy to miss some of the things and figure out what to do, but you can always go back even if you reach the end."
,Recommended,258520,12264959,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Asiris,Amazingly beautiful game. I've spent most of the time just strolling around and admiring surrounds. The story and gameplay is nice too. On the negative is how long the game. It's quite short. Overall I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,258520,16965342,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FatJoe,"I quite liked it, it was an interesting experience with really good narrative."
,Recommended,258520,13100938,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Q64,"This is an amazing, beautiful game with a TERRIBLE-ish ending."
,Recommended,258520,18211994,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MinorDespera,"Short, captivating, breathtakingly beautiful and sad mystery/walking simulator that will linger on your memory for some time."
,Recommended,258520,14180582,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Pootz 🐺,Give yourself a few hours to sit back and immerse yourself in this game. There's no hand holding to get you started you've just got to figure things out for yourself. It's hard to give details without ruining the plot but if you like a sinister mystery to unravel then this game should be a purchase. Side note: controller compatability is 10/10.
76561198001243446,Recommended,258520,13065074,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Death,"Pro's-Good original story line-amazing graphics (think modded skyrim-ish)Con's-you don’t really have to 'solve' anything... you find pieces to a puzzle and it solves itself...-the thing in the mine with the lantern doesn’t really stick with the idea of the game. not going to spoil it, if you play it you will understand. nor does the astronaut really.Overall, decent game.  I would wait to pick it up on sale though, too short for full price.After finishing it I looked up the 2 achievements I didn’t get... And found there is supposed to be a cut scene that plays at the beginning and shows you where a crank is... I never got the cut scent so an hour of game time was spent searching for a crank... thats how short it is."
76561197972442783,Recommended,258520,33328610,Posted: 6 July,all,Skarhead,"I won't finish this game, it bored me.  However, I would recommend it to people who enjoy ""walking simulators.""  It's very well done, one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen.  The Redux version (included with purchase of the original game) looks amazing.  The developers did a fantastic job with optimizing the Unreal engine.  The controls and interactions work perfect.  There's nothing wrong with this game, just didn't hold my interest.  I got it on sale, so I really don't feel ripped off at all.  If you see it on sale, give it a try.I've got 90 minutes played on the redux version, can't write an review on that one, so gotta leave it here.  I did not try the original, so no comment on it."
76561198043872992,Recommended,258520,26624853,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,XStewminator,"This game will change your life, for a few reasons1. Holy crap, the graphics, I needn't say more2. The story will blow your mind ( thats all I can say without spoiling it)3. You can get lost so easily, trust me I did many times, but I just ended up taking screenshots...I can think of more things, but this is just some random review, seriously, buy this game. Play it with some good headphones, and on a good PC, you will not be disappointed..."
,Recommended,258520,14098638,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Orion,"An atmospheric, imposing and captivating experience and story. The game calls for thorough exploration and rewards the player for it with the complete image of what happened in this beautiful place. A must play for fans of such games.Pros:+ Beautiful setting, good sound, good visuals.+ An intriguing, rich story complete enough for satisfaction and open enough for imagination.+ Surprising for the player, keeps things interesting.Cons:- While the voice acting is good for some characters, most are disappointing.- Easy to miss some things if you are not observant and persistent.- A bit too small a game area without enough diversity and places to explore."
,Recommended,258520,15170324,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bænlynn,"From the moment I saw the trailer to this game I was hooked. Rapt. Pierced through the heart by the harpoon of mystery and dragged beneath the turbulent waters of unfathomable horror, and I enjoyed every white-knuckled second of it.  I'm not going to spoil anything for you, but from what I can say about the story, the protagonist, Paul Prospero emerges from a tunnel, through a portal into Red Creek Valley, and things just get weirder from there. While I'm not one to gush about visuals and atmosphere of a game, this particular game manages to take superlativeness to a whole new level when it comes to looks and atmosphere.The setting, the fine details had me on my toes literally from the first minute, and had me asking a lot of questions come the end of the first 'sensory' scene. The kinds of questions that gnaw at your sense of comfort and stability, eat away at your confidence in the mundanity of reality. I particularly loved the way the game handles its doses of startle and fright, getting the dosage in that sweet spot that makes your stomach backflip whenever you hear the strings twang or the sound of an otherworldly moan. One little segment of the game in particular scared me in a way I haven't been since the original STALKER, and to a far better degree might I add. Until today I have never dreaded the thought of being in a cave underground as much as I do now. I am scarred for life and I have never enjoyed the experience more.There are only two drawbacks to this game that I can think of: The first is its length. Entirely forgivable given the amount of work that has clearly gone into making the game. The second is the way the game's progression can be obfuscated at times. While a horror game is rarely enhanced by extra degrees of handholding, surely a game with such wonderfully written narration and oodles of interleaved details in all of its backstory could tell us how to use Paul's abilities through his own words, and maybe, just maybe, make a few of the more difficult items/doors/buttons/etc. a teensy bit easier to find?But other than those two tiny things I have yet to enjoy a single horror game more than I've enjoyed this interactive story. Worth every penny you pay for it."
76561198009430218,Recommended,258520,17638842,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,JacoRay,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is eerie.Let's start with the story. You play Paul Prospero, a paranormal detective answering fan mail from one Ethan Carter, a 12 year from Red Creek Village, WI. When you arrive, you realize something is awry as you find a railcar with blood sprayed on the front and a pair of legs not far behind it. The rest of the corpse is nearby. Now you get to investigate and look into the dark world of the Carter family and you start to realize just how insane they are. Without spoiling anything, let me just say that the further you progress, the more you'll realize about what's really going on.On the technical side of things, the graphics are stunning. I mean, perhaps some of the best graphics in a video game I've seen to date. The atmosphere is, as stated, eerie. The plant and tree life are highly detailed. The water looks amazing. Basically, everything looks amazing. Even the sun, you don't get terrible sun shafts, instead the sun shines naturally, it's great. Gameplay is rather simple, you explore for clues and put together pieces while uncovering memories.I really liked this game. It's short, but once you uncover everything, it's kind of shocking, but at the same time not that surprising.9.2/10"
,Recommended,258520,17786702,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CharlieLima79,"My first impression of the original 'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter' was not positive. I was not pleased with the unfriendly checkpoint autosave system, the general lack of clear instructions, and the linearity of the game (to trigger the autosave points) despite the game claiming it doesn't hold your hand. While I was very impressed with the beautiful graphics rendered on the Unreal Engine 3 and the game's use of music and ambient sounds to set the spine-chilling mood, I quickly gave up on it.The Astronauts then tweaked the game based on gamers' feedback and updated it to run on Unreal Engine 4. I decided to give the game another chance, and I'm glad I did. The improvements that the designers made resulted in a more playable game, mainly because of a better autosave system. The claim of not holding the player's hand remains an issue for me because to me, in order to get the most out of the game narrative-wise, the player should solve all puzzles, perhaps even sequentially, so he/she can see how all events and character motivations fit together. Without some form of hand holding, looking for the next puzzle at times feels like looking for a needle in the haystack. If it weren't for a published walkthrough, I would have missed two sets of puzzles altogether.Nitpicking aside, the revamped autosave system means no need to backtrack to save your game as in the original version, and that itself makes the redux version more playable and less infuriating to play. Furthermore, the graphics in the new version are GORGEOUS. Never have I spent so much time taking in-game screenshots. Thank goodness 'Ethan Carter' is full of quiet moments that allow you to soak in its gorgeous vistas.'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter' turns out to be more supernatural than I anticipated. It feels tonally inconsistent at first, but as the player unravels more of the mystery, this inconsistency starts to make sense even thought one particular scary part sticks out like a sore thumb gameplay-wise. Overall, 'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter Redux' feels and plays like a really good M. Night Shyamalan movie, and it has won me over with the improvements the developers have made. I highly recommend those who gave up on the original like I did to give the game another try."
,Recommended,258520,13842599,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,CarsonDrewIt,"Absolutely gorgeous. I was left in awe at this game. Though I jokingly call it a Hiking Simulator, it's much much more than that. The gameplay is intuitive and rewarding.Worth the comparatively speaking low price of admission. In fact, for the visuals alone, I would have happily paid what we pay for AAA titles these days. Better than AAA quality graphics, and a better than AAA quality story."
,Recommended,258520,17990342,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,F_Society,its a very good game
,Recommended,258520,31819414,Posted: 18 May,all,Folle,"Hall of Fame.Excellent story-based walking-sim with the occasional puzzle. While it's more of an ""experience"" than a game (in the same way many horrors are), the experience is one of incredible secrets and plot-twists, most commonly in the form ofsad and ordinary stories presented as wild, fantastical tales.Incredible writing and atmosphere, with a high variety of locations and environments."
,Recommended,258520,18010081,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Kouvero,A compelling narrative that works best when you don't know what you're getting into.
,Recommended,258520,12271473,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,THE☭MARIANA☭WENCH,"I've been following the development of this game since it was originally announced and it’s absolutely everything I hoped it would be and more. Gorgeous, skillfully created and executed, THE VANISHING OF ETHAN CARTER is easily my favorite game of this year so far.The music and aesthetic is haunting and cold, the entire experience atmospheric. Exploring Red Creek Valley is probably one of the most unsettling and tense things I've ever done in any game. If you’re a fan of Adam Arkapaw’s cinematography on TRUE DETECTIVE and TOP OF THE LAKE, this is the game for you, because every moment in the game feels like walking through an Arkapaw shot."
,Recommended,258520,12272484,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Crab,The GoodGraphicsAtmosphereSound designThe BadGame mechanics could be better explained at the startLifeless landscapeToo much walkingShortThe UglyUnfulfilling ending6/10
,Recommended,258520,12278188,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,caboose,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an amazing game. From the story to the graphics, it is an experience that will surely sweep you away. It doesn't ""hold your hand"". You're on your own out there, trying to figure stuff out. It is challanging without being impossible, which makes it all the more enjoyable. I was so caught up in it that I ran through it in about 3 hours. But even this short time was more than worth my $20. I'm not going to say any more, because I wouldn't dare risk a spoiler. But really, pick this game up. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,258520,13195518,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ernst Hot,"I wish I could forget I had just played it, so I could experience it all again like it was the first time."
,Recommended,258520,26353800,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sebas,"A short and captivating visual novel. Excellent graphics, sound."
,Recommended,258520,15761677,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dumpster Slut,"Bought it because there was a train, ended up being good."
,Recommended,258520,29488783,Posted: 25 January,all,huskobon,"A very chilling and good game. Perfect for the Walking Sim crowd, as you play a man searching for Ethan Carter, going through an old Mining Town trying to piece together the clues to solving the mystery. Highly Recommended."
76561197970720161,Recommended,258520,12559324,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"Gripping story and definitely more gameplay than games like Dear Esther, Gone Home or The Stanley Parable. There are actually puzzles in the game. Graphics are gorgeous."
,Recommended,258520,17990666,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Slick Rick,I bought it because it has the same name as me
,Recommended,258520,24546887,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,essekappa47,"Well, where do I begin? i want to be short on this 'cause maybe too many words would waste what is the taste of this game.It is not the usual game, that has to be said. You will not shoot, you will walk and you will think in this game followin' the beautifull story. This game is like tasting a good cigar while sipping a strong glass of whiskey.It truly involve your thoughts while you're lookin at the scenarios. And oh my Gosh the Graphic is AMAZING.This is not too long to play but this is game art, not trash.This is maybe a point of start for something even better. And this is damn good!"
,Recommended,258520,15061020,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nymlus,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is very much a game about mystery, so I'll keep this brief and suggest you avoid reading too much about the game before playing it (should you wish to do so). It unravels at a measured pace and expects you to figure many things out on your own. So a player who is used to action games is likely to grow bored with it. That said, it offers quite an immersive experience for those who enjoy a slower approach and like to take their time with a game. The presentation is gorgeous and the story is very well told. All in all, I do not regret my purchase."
,Recommended,258520,16569774,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"great atmospheric peace of art. playing it reminded me on amnesia the dark descent, with a lighter feel and not so intense but with a melancholic element, recommended. unusual, excellent."
,Recommended,258520,23714079,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,diomed,"This game, visually, looks pretty good, and not just in terms of fidelity. It has a discernible style that separates it from an Unreal Engine tech demo. The premise is that the player is a detective searching for a boy who wrote him a letter (with a twist that I won't spoil). The detective's investigation leads him to an abandoned mining village in American backcountry, populated by dilapidated quasi-Victorian buildings cutting into the dense surrounding forest.Most of the story is provided by flashbacks that are activated through environmental cues. The rest is supplemented by minor diversions concerning its paranormal elements. Strictly speaking, there are no characters to interact with directly--only to view from a spectral distance.The exposition accounts for an interesting tonal difference in the presence of architectural decay. Exploring ruins lacks the familiar feeling of melancholy due to the continuous distraction of exposition, and to the story clarifying much of the surrounding mystery of the world. Taken with the vibrant foliage and sunny glow, the visual atmosphere is almost hospitable enough to contradict its darker narrative.Unfortunately, the story is sometimes tonally inconsistent. The aforementioned paranormal elements and the cliched twist make it feel a bit silly, but these inconsistencies are also sometimes presented to service a clear visual setpiece. It's best to absorb this game visually and not to try too hard to digest its meaning, which will likely disappoint you."
,Recommended,258520,14337218,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,Awesome! 9/10.
,Recommended,258520,29288080,Posted: 15 January,all,ki mi chi,"Just finished the game and explored every nook and cranny I could of it. Like everyone says the graphics of the scenary are amazing, Its not as free roaming as it says as there is a story line and sequence of events to follow as you move throughout the game. If you do randomly walk about skipping things then you'll miss achievements and story but thats up to you if you are fine with that. The stories in the story were interesting and the end had a twist above the twist I expected, so its was a nice surprise. The game could be longer and have more to do though but it was still enjoyable and sad for me."
76561197969749884,Recommended,258520,23654492,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter looks amazing and tells a quite interesting and tragic story. Sadly, there's zero replay value and after about 5 hours tops players will have seen all there is to see."
,Recommended,258520,18937442,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MrVelotro1,"I wanted a story driven game that could really immerse the player to it, and this game does the job, with beautifull graphics and a great story, this game surpassed my expectations."
76561198074358767,Recommended,258520,15151232,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Potato Patrick♥,"So the game looks really good right? And the story is all interesting and you really have to discover the whole gameplay for yourself, so you wont♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when you have to follow an astronaut in the woods and such. Big con though: You get to the end and it says you didnt do all the things. For those of you that dont know what this means, it means you have to walk back the whole ♥♥♥♥ing map and then return to the end. Not even kidding, because who botheres to find all the traps...11/10 wouldbecome 10 year olds fanfic again."
,Recommended,258520,12283022,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,CostlyAxis,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a fun game if you want something that is rather relaxed, but mysterious. However, if you're looking for something more engaging, you probably won't find that here.Overall, the game's visuals are beautiful and stunning. The environments look spectacular and the building architecture even more so. From a distance, everything in the world looks beautiful, but once you start getting closer to structures you begin to see that the once spectacular buildings have been reclaimed by nature.The story is nice, but nothing special. However, the voice acting for the most part is top notch. In terms of gameplay, you can walk or run; there is no jumping. Solving puzzles in the game is trivial, and even though it's opened world, there are invisible walls in abundance.In conclusion, if you're looking for a game that will keep you going for hours on end, this is not that game. The whole story can be completed in less than 3 hours, and to my knowledge, I only skipped one murder investigation. However, if you're looking for that atmospheric and visually stunning game, this might just be the game you've been looking for."
,Recommended,258520,25702076,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sir. Gameboy,"Being my first mystery/exploration game i've ever played, I was unsure if I'd really like it. I was only recommended this game because of its unbelievable graphics, but never really got too into the story/actual game. I stopped playing it for a while after being lost and not knowing what to do, something this game should try to fix. I came back to it after getting my new computer with better graphics, and with the help of some guides, started progressing again through the story. After I learnt the mechanics, I began solving puzzles myself and going off and exploring more places. Once I'd gained a new confidence for this game, I became more invested in the story, and within an hour or two I'd completed the whole game. Overall this was a lovely experience and totally worth the money, the graphics are truly beautiful, and the story was very intriguing. The only downfall I saw was previously mentioned, the game doesn't guide you enough. Maybe veterans to the genre will enjoy that, but for me searching up guides to complete a section was a little embarassing. Great game though, 8 / 10."
76561198062368291,Recommended,258520,18885560,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,LarcenNet. Gaming™,"Nothing is so simply put in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, but to put it simply, this game is absolutely worth the $20 price tag. It’s not long (about four hours), nor is it particularly challenging, but through and through, this is a beautiful game of strange, twisted, and sometimes sick puzzles."
,Recommended,258520,13168037,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Todd in Space,"A slow-paced, exploration adventure game, with great graphics and a beautiful story."
76561198094549360,Recommended,258520,19307831,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,aint no way,"this game made me cry, made me curious, made me wonder about existing of human being. its 100% worth playing. im so glad."
,Recommended,258520,12276074,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Bearded_Downunder,"A graphically beautiful game. It has horror elements but no fighting which is nice in my opinion. I was a bit short as well, and although I would play a part 2, I wouldn't pay the same price for it.I'll recommend it because I think the game has potential, all it needs is a longer storyline and I think something like that could be able with a part 2 or an extension of some sort."
,Recommended,258520,23253374,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Pyrgos,"Beautiful game, with one flaw: the save system. Even though it works, it is counter-intuitive, and it nearly put me off.Otherwise, this is highly recommended for a beautiful experience graphics wise, excellent soundtrack, and nice story."
,Recommended,258520,20646276,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Frigidman,"This game is breathtaking in visuals and environment.The puzzles (is that what they are?) are simple. Doesn't require much other than exploring. Has a good over story, and small short stories mixed in. Not a huge novel, but decent.Short. Don't expect hours of immersion. I played both versions of the game to 100% completion, in just a few short hours. I was fully done with both versions, before all the cards dropped, so I had to let it run for a couple hours on the main menu *doh*"
,Recommended,258520,33342475,Posted: 7 July,all,☯ AnimaKaii ☯,Beautiful game great experience !9.1/10
,Recommended,258520,12283718,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nite_Traveler,"I can't recommend this game highly enough. Let me start with the only negative thing I can say about this game - it's too short. Actually, for the story, the length of the game is just right - I only wish I could have spent 2-3x as much time in this world, an experience for which I would have gladly paid top dollar. My play time was about 6 hours, which included my scouring every corner of the island to ensure I didn't miss anything. Next I'll move on to the obvious - the game is visually stunning. Few titles can compare. My understanding is that the devs used a new technique to create hyperrealistic textures and objects, and their work has paid off unbelievably - resulting in a huge open world that you feel you could reach out and touch. I hope to play this using Oculus Rift someday. The controls are simple and intuitive and your character is only limited in his exploration of the world by a sense of realism - for the most part, he will not venture any further than you reasonably could in real life.The audio is incredible, weaving natural ambience in with a moving and haunting soundtrack that flows perfectly as you move from one location to the next. And the locations are a sight to behold. Any moment of this game would make a gorgeous postcard, and the overall layout of the island is very well thought-out. There may be some backtracking, depending on how observant you've been, but it's hard to complain, considering how beautiful the walk will be.As you move deeper into the village, the story captures your attention and pulls you through to the end. The story is primarily a murder mystery, but blends many aspects of occult and science fiction in to good effect - and if you pay attention, all will make sense at the end. For the most part, the gameplay is very simplistic, but there are a couple of puzzling moments that will make you think, and a decent scare or two. If you watched a gameplay vid and were concerned that all the puzzles would work that way, I can tell you that's not the case. One puzzle stood out as my clear favorite, the one involving doors, and I won't say any more than that to ensure I don't spoil it for you. The investigations are also very interesting, if a bit simplistic. But simplistic is a welcome change for this gamer, who sometimes tires of hunting for dozens of odd items in adventure/mystery games and trying to make sense of them. There is none of that here - this game challenges you to think in different ways. Once you've unraveled all of the mysteries, the story comes to a surprising conclusion, which personally I found to be a satisfying explanation and resolution for the strange events that have taken place on this island.Overall, I feel that this game resonates with me personally as an example of what I am looking for in gaming these days. This is a visceral experience that requires some thought, and rewards you handsomely for your efforts. It also represents a great effort to imagine new types of gameplay, which I feel was very successful. I look forward to playing this game again some day, and I hope to see many more titles from these developers in the future. 9/10"
,Recommended,258520,12586979,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Hey_Trevor,"I just finished the game.Amazing graphics. Amazing Art Direction. Amazing story. Amazing soundtrack.This game is just great and worth buying.The cons? Well..maybe it's too short, cuz it's an awesome game.But the ending is really great anyway.Ps: If you liked Gone Home, you will love this one."
76561198006922325,Not Recommended,258520,12381934,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Exitus Acta Probat,"Let me say before anything else that I had high hopes for this game. I'm a big reader (and sometimes writer) of weird fiction and I was very excited when they said that it was going to be based around the works of people like Blackwood, Lovecraft and so on. Unfortunately the game itself didn't have a lot of dialogue, had a disjointed story due to the open world design (if you didn't do the puzzles in a very specific order and there were no indicators for that) and that story didn't have a lot of meat to it. And by that I mean it was barely there at all. The game felt empty in the worst possible way a game can feel empty and was very, very, short. The ambiant music didn't fit the theme of the game, but was nice.On the upside? The developers clearly spent a lot of time making things look absolutely fantastic. If you've got a nice machine this game will make you feel like you're actually walking through the places you explore. I don't have a good computer and even I was kind of wowed by the graphics.4/10A good try. Do better next time. You ALMOST had it!"
76561198278566213,Recommended,258520,22688907,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,More8,"I personally was disappointed in this game. Another example how the masses love something that if you are looking for unique experiences you should not follow the masses... The game has got gorgeous visuals and atmosphere and some unique style gameplay elements and storytelling but the cake is only pretty on the outside, for me at least. There is a buildup of tension and atmosphere here towards a 'great' mystery which halfway starts to turn into as inspiring as the dev. teams previous games; the painkiller series.. Sure if you find Star Wars the force awakens or the rebooted Star Trek franchises 'inspiring' then I'm willing to bet you be wondering what's my problem with this game as for you it's got very unique and lovely way of being. But if you are not the person who accepts the norm as default and sometimes, just to break the mundane that we so often enjoy otherwise, you wish to try something truly different, you will not in my opinion find it here other than by presentation. The beginning is great though as you are given a taste of something that seems like it's going to turn out different than what we've seen before. This game is short too.. If Alan Wake had these graphics and sounds, it would trump all over this one, despite not being that original in itself either. Still that is a more balanced experience over this one in my opinion. This game had sooo much potential, wish they had followed it through.Having said that, Don't take just my word for it. It's a matter of personality and opinion which are as diverse as mankind itself. There are different ways of interpreting this game and the point that there is that room for interpretation should at least be applauded for."
,Recommended,258520,28197453,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Anthem,"The Vanishing of Ethan CarterPlease note that I haven't played the Redux version, so this review will only focus on the original version.TL:DR version:8.5/10. A clustertruck of genres that works surprising well. Incredible atmosphere. Probably the best 'walking simulator' ever but with a rather predictable story.Long version:The Vanishing of Ethan Carter... I'm not quite sure how to place this game on what genre it is. Many call it a 'walking simulator' and if we're going by the main element then yes, it is a 'walking simulator'. But it's a little bit more... interesting than that. As YouTuber Caddicarus put it... ""It's a exploration, walking, artsy, puzzle, ghost story, mystery, detective, atmospheric, culty game, I don't know?"". It's a complete clustertruck of genres but it all meshes in rather interestingly.GameplayYou hold W and use the mouse to move around mainly. That's it really, until you get to the detective parts while start when you find someone's dead body. Clicking on points on interest will make words appear, symbolising what the character you are controlling is thinking. Other times you'll have to move your mouse around untill you hit a hotspot to reveal where a important plot item is. You then go fetch the item and replace it where it needs to go in order to continue the plot, which in this game mean finding out how they were killed.After you have all the evidence, you find all the actions leading up to it and sort them into chronalogical order. Then the entire scene plays out, giving another hint to where Ethan Carter ran to next. Then more walking. Then there's a puzzle, then more walking, then another body. Repeat ad infintum. There's only really one minor shake up of the formula, and that is in a mine with a rather interesting other character. I won't spoil it, but to those who know what I'm talking about... you know exactly what I mean.StorySince it's a 'walking simulator', the story has to be pretty good for us to keep playing. And good it is. It does get rather repeditive once you figure out the pattern however. The ending annoyed me however. To see it, you need to read 5 stories, and I missed the one right at the start of the game, so I had to backtrack all the way there and back to get my ending. But I never expected the twist at the end, and it isn't a twist for the sake of having a twist like other games. It completely makes sense in the context of the game. Again, no spoilers, but the story is an interesting treat.GraphicsThis game is beautiful. Absolutely. Stunning. I've never seen anything quite like it before or since. You might as well get it, just to stare at the graphics and take some pretty screenshots. I think part of the enjoyment of the game is from the graphics in my opinion.ReplayabilityBasically none. This is meant to be played once and that's it.Completionist bonus?Nope. Just get all the achievements (1 is rather well hidden) and get out and boom, 100%.Expected hours?Around 2.5-4 hours to beat the game. The game isn't hard, and it's nearly impossible to die (yes you can die, but it never happens) but you might get lost in the amazing world at times.Worth the price?For the graphics and story alone, I almost can ignore the price. However, for the gameplay aspects... I must say get it when it's on sale. Also, it's a short game so consider that when purchasing it.Bugs?Only a few related to achievements but nothing game-breaking.Final Notes:The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is probably the shortest game you will play with the longest title. It is soaked in atmosphere with an intreging story, interesting murder-mystery elements and those with a thirst to see how a walking simulator should be done should buy this immediately.Gameplay: 6Story: 9Graphics: 10Replayability: 0Completion bonus: 3Final result: 8.5/10"
76561198009248526,Recommended,258520,12747228,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,broodkiller,A wonderfully atmospheric game. Much recommended :)
,Recommended,258520,12242127,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,Very beautiful and sad short story! I've never made so many screenshots per hour yet!The world is incredibly rich and detailed visually but small and linear. Somewhat even pointlessly rich and detailed compared to scope. If someone could have added a flycam to this game it would be a great screen-saver.The story is quite touching yet not original and somewhat expected. It seems to me that I have found all of side-stories in a single 3-hour walkthrough. But I've failed to see any drawn parallels between side-stories and main-story that could've give some insight on Ethan's life.Puzzles are not very challenging but puzzle mechanics is a fresh idea. Nevertheless once you got the first one others do not provide any significant challenge.Overall the game is rather outstanding. It will give you some fresh (but brief) and high-quality experience.
76561197987634892,Recommended,258520,23719669,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KernelQtip,This game is Kooool! Ultra Realistic Probably the best game quality on PC that I have seen
,Not Recommended,258520,12448131,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Marvin Dent,"This game is way to shot, they did show nice open map in demo videos but have too few mystery's to solve.Big problem I have with this is price, pre-ordered this game and now all pre-order perks is are availabe for every body.Even with ""cheap"" price tag, this game is over priced, correct price tag would be about 7,99 EUR."
,Not Recommended,258520,12384126,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,=SLJ=DownEast,"Pros:  Good story, very cinimatic, beautiful texturing and models.Cons:  WAY too short.  When I played the first time, I explored everywhere I could go and STILL finished the game in less than 4 hours.  $20 for 4 hours, so it's a $5 an hour game.....Pricey..."
,Recommended,258520,16699052,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Baznoc™,"It is Finally Time I put something down about a game I've had for a year and never could get to work because my computer wasnt graphically 'meaty' enough, to run it.I know why now. and its because Every scene is like a postcard!. I think you could take every scen as a screenshot, because the whole game appears so beautiful.This is a great mistake because below the veneer of beauty, lies an ancient Evil waiting to 'awaken'. I have never been 'jump scared' but I understand,... I did Yesterday and THAT fact Alone, was enough to get me to write to you to check this game out. I screamed, for the first time ina while . Totally took me off-guard, and then I laughed because it was SO effective, and Unexpected!!The game play is Hard for this game, so the learning curve is Steep. It says Right at the beginning of the game It wont hold your hand. It doesn't, and I floundered until I did a bit of research. Glad I did! Ther's SO much to this game you do not Ever have a clue about untill you realize the sequence of how to descover a way to unveil the scenes that explaing to you what has happened. Its a tough time but worth every moment. I loved the cut scenes better than the views.I whole-heartedly recommend this game. Its pretty if you have a PC that will run it. if you dont it will sit in your Library like it did in mine, untill I upgraded my PC.Thats a sad comment but its the truth.I had a great time descovering all the interesting things, and Deadly things, in ""The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter"". Im not finished yet, but this is a game youd like to take your time wioth like a great Book. Its story is complex and strange enough to keep you 'poking' around for clues to what happened to Ethan. 8/10"
,Recommended,258520,18319922,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"A beautiful, story-based game with a perfect soundtrack.  You can tell it's doing a lot of things right by the sheer tenacity of the trolls in the community hub.Given the passion of the trolls, you can correctly infer that the game is about in-depth exploration, not fighting.  If that sounds appealing, you'll likely love this game.  However, it should be noted that the game DOES have exactly one area with a real, traditional, troll-approved monster roaming around.  It's an unpleasant desgin choice, given how well the rest of the game is tailored to the exact sort of player who would hate that.  On the other hand, if this is a concern of yours, please note that you can easily look up the details of this in advance.  (Not immediately.  The game itself will quite directly warn you when it's time to do so.  Spoilers can be kept to an absolute minimum.)  If you do research the area before heading in, the challenge of avoiding the monster is fairly minimal.  I did exactly that and never ""died.""  Also, note that the penalty for this ""death"" is minimal.Aside from that, this game was amazing.   Go for it."
,Not Recommended,258520,28827607,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Matujtutujka,"I bought this game because of so many positive reviews.I played it till the end because I was curious what makes the game so ""wonderful"". I found nothing, most of time you just walk across quasi-Wisconsin and looking for some story making cheap puzzles. Despite the reviews the storyline is not even astonishing or interesting, all monologues and dialogues fit on no more than one sheet of paper.Only graphics was slightly impressive, nothing more."
,Recommended,258520,13651036,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Adel,"[AR]أعجبنيشكل اللعبة (الجرافيكس) خورافي جداًالموسيقى تخليك تعيش جو في اللعبةالغموض الي في اللعبة ما شفته في اي لعبة ثانية وهذا شي ممتازذكرتني في لعبة Alan Wakeما أعجبنيالعبة ممكن تضيع فيها كثير لأن الأشياء مو واضحةالألغاز في اللعبة مو سهلهلعبت ساعة كاملة من اللعبة ولا فهمت وش السالفة بالضبط, يعني بالعربي مافي شرح للقصة او وش الي صار بالضبطبشكل عام اللعبة جداًَ ممتعه وانصحك تجربها بحكم التقاييم الكويسة الي اخذتها"
76561197983431156,Recommended,258520,12264671,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,FinnishTurska87,Spooky atmosphere and good story makes this an adventure worth taking for and you can enjoy beautiful scenery while playing it.
76561198065806040,Recommended,258520,13061030,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ednooooo,"Amazing in every way, great music, seriously fantastic visuals, good writing, fun gameplay. Well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,258520,28876176,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Syouko,"I think tagging this game as ""mystery"" is highly misleading, as the player will find out after solving any puzzle and reading the scrap of paper they find afterwards (not really a spoiler).  That said it is a very picturesque walk through an abandoned town in the woods with several mysterious, spooky puzzles and an excellent.  Highly recommended given the $2.99 price tag, not sure if it's worth $20 given how short the game is (you can probably complete in a couple hours if you hold down run button & have a sense of direction).  Will be eagerly awaiting anything else by this developer, unfortunately Vanishing is their only title."
,Recommended,258520,19257577,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Shadowwolf6tails,"Although the game is quite short, I would recomend it to anybody that enjoys exploration/ puzzle games. The graphics are superb. On the downside, you have to search ever square inch of every corner in the game to make sure you're not missing something, or risk having to travel from one end of the map to the other to find a single peice of paper you missed at the begining of the game."
76561198071097921,Recommended,258520,14163296,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"The graphics alone made me buy this game, just amazing what can be done on the unreal engine.. Thanks devs!"
,Recommended,258520,15166500,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ShellySoBae,"A masterpiece with a truly touching amazing story, a story that makes you feel like you're really in. With a huge twist, the way the game was written demonstrates how much power and creativity your a person's ideas and thoughts can have. I wont even get started on how well the game looks, well designed environments beautifully crafted in everywhere, it almost felt to me that this place actually existed somewhere in the world and hi, it might. I have played many games and for many years and i had never had experienced i had with this one, this is a must try you won't be disappointed. This game will grab you and not let go."
,Recommended,258520,15706387,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Badankekadonk,"Beautiful. I did not realize how good this game looked when I bought it. It's well optimized and it runs flawless on my pc.I finished the game the same day I bought it. I don't regret this purchase one bit. You are an occult investigator who received a letter from a boy asking for help. You begin the game when you arrive. Entire game is first person and well written. The voice acting is decent as well.You seem to have some psychic abilities of your own and you use them to help solve puzzles and figure out what the hell happened to the boy and his family, and why everybody is killing each other. Nice little twist at the end. There's puzzles where you try to figure out how murders happened to ethans family and many others. They aren't too difficult either.This is an exploration-puzzle kind of game. Not for everyone. If you think it is something you would enjoy, just buy it. It is a very good game and worth your money."
,Recommended,258520,14943350,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,gully foyle,FIVE STARS. PLAY THIS GAME OR DIE TRYING
,Recommended,258520,12274772,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,RiseRise,"One thing to say: This game is much more a walking simulator than it is a deep adventure game.On the other hand, this is definitely one of the best of its type on the market. Really beautiful, very interesting, quite enjoyably written.If you are looking for deep puzzles and a longer game, you are probably in the wrong place.However, if you are looking for something evoking emotion, provoking, and with some smaller, interesting puzzles to break up the 3-4 hour narrative, this is definitely one of the better titles for that."
76561197972632965,Not Recommended,258520,13314300,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,AmishJustice,"At the climax to this 4 hour game experience, I found that I had to return to where I started at the beginning of the game because I'd missed a minor (and seemingly unrelated) clue. On the ensuing walk back through the entire game (sans the mine) I contemplated just what ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" wanted from me, and what the ultimate story of the game meant. I came to no conclusion other than, ""Maybe I just didn't 'get' it"".While the game is undeniably pretty, and though it offers some interesting and unusual gameplay, the game just isn't compelling enough (or challenging enough) to warrant a recommendation from this player."
76561198073375206,Recommended,258520,18899919,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Shan (Fisto),"Not sure what i can say that hasnt been said but very few games can offer an immersive and moving experience like this game. Add to that some of the most impressive graphics and music and voice acting second to none and you can't not be on a winner. My wife, not a pc gamer loved this as much as me. Buy it you wont be dissapointed"
,Recommended,258520,19556521,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lartay,"If you're looking for a short and sweet game with puzzle solving, a beautiful environment and story, I cannot recommend this game enough. It's hard to explain what I like so much without spoiling the story but, it's a magical, mysterious game that - despite being so short - left me completley satisfied. I'll be remembering this game for many years.That said, here's my main points:- Very short, I finished it in 4.5 hours including going back through to get achievements. However this is not a bad point.- 0 replay value. Once you've played it once, you've played it.- Fantastic, beautfiul environment. Hitting F12 all day in this game is no shame.- Well created puzzles and effects, challenging, but not frustratingly so.- Slight horror sprinkled here and there.- Excellent mystery."
,Recommended,258520,19806580,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mohsin,"You are to be guided through a mistery journey where you don't know the start-up or the destination, only a boy named Ethan Cater to be found out.From the scratch silence is all around you. Steps and steps further, you may realize that the wind blows, your footsteps make sound and the background music is beating your heart.Needless to have clear clues what is going on out there. Just make yourself Paul Prospero and let it be.And do remember DONT PLAY IT ALONE."
,Recommended,258520,13769770,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ReinBork,"So this is one of the few games I've ever 100% completed everything in the game. It only took me about 11 hours so it's not a super long game, it can be beat in much less time. The game does a very good job making you want to discover everything. The story is so captivating and ambigious. Of course there is a simple way to go about the game to get a simple story with a simple ending. But if you really look into everything there's such a deep meaning behind everything in the game. 10/10 Best story driven game I've ever played."
,Recommended,258520,14520938,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jimbopity_Bob_Bob,Fun detective game that really makes you thing. Really good story. but finished a liitle too soon for my liking. I would definetly reccomend this to anyone that likes a more relaxed kind of game.
,Recommended,258520,14509192,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Stepan's Dad,"More like The Vanishing of 4 Hours Of My Life! Joke aside, its a great game, buy it."
76561198053829502,Recommended,258520,21073448,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ZluDge,Pros:+ Great Atmosphere+ Intriguing Story+ Well-crafted World+ Interesting Puzzles+ MysteryCons:+ Unsatisfying Ending+ Some puzzles are based on guessingOverall recommendation for everyone who likes Mystery Games84/100
76561198093417772,Recommended,258520,21256074,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ofLegends,"A unique twist on the mystery-solving experience. If you're into mystery, I would definitely recommend this.There's nothing much else I can say that other reviews haven't said better, but I will say that I own both the regular and collector edition of this game and played them both for achieves, so this game does have replayability. It's worth doing over to make sense of things you might have missed the first time, and if you already have played it once and know where to go/what to do, you can beat this game with 100% achieves in a hour and a half tops.My one negative would be that I felt the ending had more potential.Overall, very enjoyable and intriguing."
76561198059733627,Recommended,258520,20458051,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rechiva,Crazy beautiful game!
,Recommended,258520,12275321,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Klaus Von Guts,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a first person mystery adventure game centered around supernatural detective Paul Prospero as he receives a letter from the mysterious Ethan Carter and begins his investigation in the mysterious Red Creek Valley.The game is increadibly atmospheric with the locations in Red Creek Valley feeling real and lived in. The surronding forests accompanied with the little to no sound but trees leaves rustling in the wind and the odd piece of music every now and again help make you feel that while the place appears like any other forest area there is something beneath all that, that feels wrong and wierd, this caused me to constantly look around my enviroment as I played thinking something was watching my every move but as Paul says at the beginning of the game ""No place is truely quiet and Nowhere is really Oridinary"".Because of this the overall feel and look of the game is very lovecraftian with the odd town and it's strange residents believing in some unseen possibly evil entity and occult minded individuals getting roped into the events.The gameplay simply consists of you exploring the surronding areas of Red Creek Valley and investigating the series of murders that have place.The first instance of this happens minutes into the game with you noticing blood on a nearby traincar, this then leads you to using your supernatural abilities to locate a crank to start the train, but before finding the crank you notice a blood trail that leads to a body and from there you look around the nearby area for clues as to how this person ended up in this state.Graphics wise The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is stunning to say the least, it lead to more suprise to find that it ran on Unreal Engine 3 and as I say this I will probably get bombarded with ""X game looks better"" or ""I've seen better Unreal Engine games"" but this game is probably the best use I've seen of the engine to date.The audio side is also very well done with the soundtrack consisting of piano and violins that put you into a deep and methodical trance which is fitting considering you're a detective.As I finishing The Vanishing of Ethan Carter I can say that I was pleasantly suprised and will probably make this one of my top games of the year.This game left me with more questions than answers which some might not take to kindly too but I feel that it is rather fitting for a mystery that there are somethings left to unanswered and only for our imagination fill in."
,Recommended,258520,13675616,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boner,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n found himeasy a s s  game/10
,Recommended,258520,13697067,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Macerle,"What I like about this game:Graphics:The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played, whitout a doubt. The landscape is just mindblowing and forced me to stop and just look at it on more than one occasion. The fact that you don't have a UI makes this even better since a lot of times you have your screen look like a picture.Gameplay:I really enjoyed solving every single puzzle/mystery that was thrown at me by this game. Usually games like this one force you down a very linear path. In this game you can, at least to some extent, solve the puzzles in no particular order and even just walk around the amazing Red Creek Valley.Sound:Some games that have horror elements in them sometimes overdo it with the ""scary"" sounds. In TVOEC it had just the right music and sounds to keep me at the edge of my seat and not be annoyed about it.Story/Narration:The story had me hooked until the very end of the game. If you like mystery novels than you will enjoy this game a lot. One thing that stood out for me in particular was the narration that helped the story a lot.Atmosphere:All of the above mentioned points add to this games astoundingly amazing atmosphere. While playing TVOEC I got this feeling that you sometimes get when you read a good book and you just emerge yourself into the world and story of that book.What I did not likeSaving system:Luckily enough I played through the whole game in one go but in TVOEC you cannot save manually. Instead it saves automatically from time to time. Unfortunately those times can be quite far appart and if you have to leave your PC you may lose quite a bit of your progress.Price:As much as I love this game and for me it was worth every cent (I bought it on sale), I personally think it's a little to expensive considering it is not the longest of games.ConclusionThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter is definitely one of the best games I've played. Since the issues with the automatic saving didn't really affect me I have nothing negative to say about the game. Having played through it now I probably also would pay the full price of the game. I seriously hope there will be more games like this one in the near future."
76561198083579300,Recommended,258520,13571077,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HawKreakz,"''A narrative experience which does not hold your hand''This game does what it says on the tin, it leaves you stranded in the woods with only the aim to find Ethan Carter - who is believed to have vanished (if you hadn't guessed that already). Throughout the whole game you are left to your own devices to investigate several murders and solve several puzzles which you are also left to find on your own in actually quite a vast world for a game of this size, with this aim.The horror of this game does not lie in its gore, or its jump scares (of which there are a few - but not enough to put off you that do not enjoy a jump scare) it lies in the game's atmosphere, and is for the most part a psychological horror story. The atmosphere of this game is tagible and thoroughly enjoyable - like reading a bloody good book, you will feel more than compelled to journey on through the mysterious past of Red Creek Valley.This is a game that I have played through twice and I am still in awe of the beautiul Autumnal landscape that the producers have created. It will leave you guessing right up until the end, which you will not want to arrive at. This is why I play games. Money well spent. Game well made."
,Recommended,258520,13639447,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Montie,"Incredible game with an incredible story.  I can't say enough about the graphics, music or atmosphere of this game, it's simply amazing and the game was very quickly one of my favorites of all time.  I am excited to see what they come out with next.  That being said, if I had to say something negative about the game, it would be that it is short."
76561198067035223,Recommended,258520,13646152,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sharp_eyed_shooter,"Fantastic game, good puzzles, amazing landscapes."
76561198020833183,Recommended,258520,13572775,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lenny pls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"If you're into story driven games like I am this is definitely for you. Don't expect to be shaking in your boots like Amnesia, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is all about the story.Would definitely recommend. Great story, narrative and soundtrack."
,Recommended,258520,13585044,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ItaKun,"I've seen a few flame wars started from this game, so straight out of the gates I will say this game is NOT for someone who wants a long linear or even free roaming adventure rpg.With that said, if you're looking for a game with a story that you have to wrap your head around and piece together, then maybe this game is for you! I'm a huge psychological anime fan and occult mystery lover, so I fit right into the story telling and the fact that I was a ""famous occult detective"" that was asked to investigate ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" made it catch me from the opening sequence. Also honestly if you're good at deducing a mystery (like a detective *hint hint*) then the things fall into place and start to give you that mystery solving satisfaction as if you're slowly solving the murder mystery of the century!Beyond the whole I <3 mystery part,The game scores an 8 out of 10 with mePro's- Graphics are beautiful, I'm on med graphics and still felt compelled to take screenshots- The mystery kept me wondering what is the cause? How will it end?!- Gameplay is a welcomed change from the recent norm. No blaring markers saying ""ITEM HERE! DROP OFF HERE!""- Environment felt stressful and edgy yet mysterious and relaxing all at the same time- Soundtrack is mysterious as wellCon's- It is pretty short if you rush it, I can counter argue it with the brain wrapping and speculation you can give it... But it still is a pretty short game.- Is confusing sometimes, if you are quick to get frustrated or don't have allot of time, maybe consider passing on this one or going in with a guide.- Still coming out with regular updates and fixes, I feel as though it's a one play game and I may be wrong if they make more stories based around the universe and release it. But once I'm done I don't think I am going to come back unless to re-live the mystery gameplay when I get nostalgic.- Characters feel distant unless you can get into the story and piece together who they are and what they are doing. Like I said before, maybe not a game for someone who doesn't really piece information together creatively and decisively.With all that said I really loved this game myself and will be looking forward to more work like this, pick it up and give it a try if you wanna play something a little more on the out there side!"
76561198006339761,Recommended,258520,13681630,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SeriousSven,The graphics and ambience are one of the best I've seen in recent games and the story is intriguing.I can recommend this to people who like to solve mysteries with a good story line.
,Recommended,258520,13586897,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,rankin,"Some reviewer wrote ""Lovecraftian"". Didn't even bother reading any further and bought it. Wasn't disappointed. An intense, beautiful but sadly short piece of art, indeed."
76561198021956938,Recommended,258520,13619221,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Testatastic,So beautiful
,Recommended,258520,13628868,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BDPC@Sea,"Mystery, puzzle, horror, beauty and beer! The graphics and music combined with the sound effects and scenery is just mesmerizing. Lots of world to inspect.Game is short but incredibly detailed. The story is just as good as the mystery. I chased an astronaut through the woods and got lost, WTF! Highly recommend."
,Recommended,258520,13640420,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JJCelery,"This is one of the best mystery / adventure games I have played in a long, looong time. There's no hand holding, as they do warn you at the bginning of the game, so it's challenging, yet no so much so that it becomes frustrating. Each puzzle or ""scene"" solved reveals another part of the story and I quickly became invested in it, trying to get the whole picture.The game dynamic and the ""supernatural"" methods used to gather clues are both very refreshing and novel. The game itself is visually stunning and the music is beautiful and fits the story like a glove. I recommend it wholeheartedly!"
,Recommended,258520,13630969,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,McNoguff,"This might be my most recommended game of 2014.It's stunning. Absolutely jaw-dropping gorgeous. The story might follow the same beats as a number of other pieces of ""weird"" fiction, but to call it cliche(as I've heard many do) is kind of nuts. The template is there, sure, but in that template are fairly well-acted and interesting characters. If you're the completionist sort, the kind that wanders around and finds everything, then this game is exactly for you. If you tend to rush from story point to story point, I'd advise caution, as there are wonderful tucked away set pieces that, sadly, you'll have to backtrack for if you don't find them the first time.But seriously: Gorgeous. One to show off your graphics card/have your friends oooh and aaah at. It really shows what the UDK can push out when it's not hampered by iOS or last-gen console compatibility."
,Recommended,258520,24436669,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Phil Collins,Love the graphics. Some of the puzzles are just rediculous. The house puzzle with the floor plan ruined it for me. Otherwise I kind of liked it.
76561197990128508,Recommended,258520,14801145,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Wolf009CP,"It is a truly great excperience, its slow, not much action and sorts, and sometimes you can get stuck, but this game promeses to be a heck of a ride, it will keep you guessing till the end.Its a story of a boy and a detective, facing a mysterious killer, who they call ""The sleeper""."
,Recommended,258520,32859337,Posted: 27 June,all,John,"An intersting game similar in concpet with ""Gone Home"", an interactive adventure with a mistery to solve. Not quite as enganging as Gone Home though, sometimes feel likes a walking simulator. No directions as to what to do, so sometimes you need to resrot to a walktrough. But a valid experience in the end. Very beautiful graphics and atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,258520,21649702,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Virhekoodi:-247,A quick stroll in the woods+ Good graphics- puzzles are too easy- shortest game ever
76561197971740383,Not Recommended,258520,13554935,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,frustor,"Unfortunately, I find myself agreeing with the naysayers on this one. I really wanted it, thinking it would be a good diversion from the usual game fare. It is, but it ultimately doesn't work. I would be very forgiving and willing to overlook the more esoteric aspects (having to explore EVERYWHERE to further the story) but with no manual save - or even saves when you discover something, it's plain punishing. I don't want to start from the beginning every time I play. I want to play for a bit and come back another day so-to-speak. This game has so much potential but I deeply regret buying it."
76561197974138574,Recommended,258520,14580022,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bibbis,I can't even find the right words to describe this incredible game.What an EXPERIENCE!
76561198029207480,Recommended,258520,15149394,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mr.X,"At the very first moment in that game you feel absolute admiration about its graphics in vegetation and effects, well, nature looks and feels so real that you can almost breath it, i give 10/10 to developers for that achievement. Nevertheless, game is linear, and after you figure its so called ""mechanics"" it become obvious, although no tips are given to you at all. Still, game is about story and that story, about that final answer at the end what you must get. I strongly recommend to play it without walkthrough tips.P.S: There is one jumpscare moment what gives you a hearth attack but rest of the game is calm ""detective story"", so relax and play!"
,Recommended,258520,15175749,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,4RM3D [anime247],"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a beautiful game, but poorly optimized. Even with a good computer you will get stutters when an area is loading, which does break the immersion somewhat.If you are wondering whether or not the game is for you, let me explain what kind of game it is. It's a narrative game. You walk around and you can witness some scenes and dialogs. There is very little to do. You have to click on a few items and there are two puzzles, but that's pretty minimal. This isn't an adventure game. This is a one-time narrative gaming experience you play for the immersion and story."
,Recommended,258520,12399658,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Frederik,"I had difficulty explaining this game. Maybe it's because this game identifies with me so well, through a romantic ambience, made through beautiful graphics, and music that fits perfect to the view of the enviroment.So I'll try to describe it, as to give the next potential buyer an inpression from a neutral source, something in recent times has been difficult (I'm of course thinking of ""gamejournalist sites"" such as Kotaku, Rockpapershotgun among many, all taken in being corrupt)My oppinion was almost immideatly turned possitive, simply because the graphics were good. The grass swayed in the wind, and the wind could only be described as a gentle summerbreeze brushing your face, all made real by the amazing sound effects.That combined with the gorgious music that tickled my ears, all whilst it made the game that much better through ambience, and mood.I will be the first to admit that I got gotten by the few jumpscares that exist in this game, but they made sense, I'd like to tell how, but that would spoil parts of the game, but know that there are a mindbending reason to the few scares.The view in the game itself shows the beauty of the game as a whole. There are many enviromental lookout points, all of which I stopped at, the soak in the beautiful nature that this game shows. The sound of birds, the water flowing, be it through the damn in the game, or onto the beach, it is all an amazing experience.I don't normally say this, but as short as this game is, it being around 5-7 hours, it is, in my opinion (and I am a big fan of long game, so this should be taken even more as a compliment) worth it, even through its short story.I would rate this game 9/10I truly hope the developers see this, if they do, here are my tips:It would make a lot of sense to make a serie about the deeprooted issues you show in the game. You showed very well how amazing your idea of a game, that dosen't push a message on you, can be performed.If you choose to make a follow up, or make another game, do try to make the game longer.If I were to compare, or give a perspective to another game, it would be ""Dear Esther""I played the game before it got the Steam Greenlight deal, but it too is a very narrative game, and it too has amazing scenic enviroments.If any of this felt like something you would enjoy, give this narrative heavy, beautifully made game a chance.This has been a review by The Real Joker, signing out"
,Recommended,258520,13197468,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dozer,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,258520,13186013,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Liam,Easily one of the best stories I've yet to experience.
,Recommended,258520,19998296,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GreyMack,"Bought this title in one of the steam sales after hearing good things. I wasn't sure i was going to like it as i sometimes don't have the patience for this type of game. However It was a joy from start to finish.Without giving anything away there are 10 key scenes where you have to piece together the evidence, it's not too difficult but there is no hand holding so sometimes you do wander around trying to find the next piece in the puzzle.Apparantly there's no right or wrong way to play this game however i missed the opening crime scene (railcar) and proceeded onto the 2nd before going back to the 1st and for whatever reason the scene with the railcar wouldn't play out properly.....can't say too much. I'm thinking this was just a glitch and was just bad luck on behalf so i stated from the beginning and this time it all went smoothly.I played the redux version and the graphics are stunning, the sound is atmospheric and the music haunting. The game has a strong narative so if you looking at the Steam winter sale and thinking i fancy something a bit different i would not hesitate in giving Ethan carter a go, you won't regret it.I think i got about 8-9 hours gameplay out of this title but I would say 1-2 hours of that was trying to close out some achievements and man the unfinished story achievement is a toughy.A strong 7/10"
,Recommended,258520,12272056,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Major Brighton,"An astounding experience.On seeing the games menu screen pop up, so did the hair on my neck, yes the graphics made my nerves twitch with anticipation and were so good it nearly distracted from the game. I have worked as an artist and designer all my life and so be-leave me when I say it´s good. 48 screenshots after one play through...Yet, is it worth buying?(+) I am, and always have been week for just these elements found in this game, namely good graphics = atmosphere. They go hand in hand and if you want to feel your location, they become more important than anything (for me). So totally sucked in.The mechanics were clever and the lack of instruction leaves you with a rare sense of ""I am going to master this anyway"", because I rely do not mind spending more time here!The music is just inspiring at the start, yet goes on to later support the location without being too powerful, so brilliant work there too guys.Any more + and we might get into spoilers, so...(-) It is short - 6 hours.There could have been a lot more hidden locations; small pieces of info to search for.I found it was a little too easy. Yet maybe that was a blessing?I wanted more :[SummeryA gaming milestone in graphics, an experience despite being short, was special enough to put in your emotional baggage and bare like a fond childhood memory.My hat is off to all the devs and a after playing so many Betas and Alphas recently, it was a joy to play such a polished game (no experience) ;)So yes, money well spent here."
,Recommended,258520,12275866,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Celo,"Awesome Game, Although Short Lived.Visually Stunning. Couldn't ask for a better price tag for the Graphics it brings.The game gives you a challenge in finding/solving each area.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is worth every Dollar"
76561198061572385,Recommended,258520,12281406,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Janiel Terear,"First, this game is good. Really. But not for the full price.The visuals are stunning as the music and the sounds, but the story could have been more developped. When you finished the game you think ""what, already ?"". It takes me only six hours to complete without any help (soluce or wiki), and the ""open world"" thing is a lot overestimated.On the other hand, the global atmosphere is great and the experience so refreshing.To finish, I can advise you to buy this game but be aware of its short duration and lack of exploration. Waiting some sales could be a better idea than to buy it at its full price."
,Not Recommended,258520,14458423,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sparklehammer 3025,"PROSAtmospheric - an incredible sense of solitude mixed with curiosity, augmented by foreboding as you progress and find out more about the story.Beautiful - Incredibly detailed interior environments mixed with lush outdoor scenes. It really feels like someone lived in the world, then abandoned it.Immersive - Almost nothing can break the illusion that you're exploring a real place, that was occupied by real people, but are now completely alone.CONSMandatory Stealth Sequence - 'Almost' nothing can break the immersive illusion. But this does. Hard. So hard it ruined the experience for me."
,Recommended,258520,13624473,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pixels/that/breathe,"I got this game on sale for 12 dollars and I'm comfortable with the price that I paid. I don't think I would've paid more.That said, this game should be called Nature Photography Simulator 2014 because there is no game that has had me reaching for the F12 screenshot button so much before. I've taken over 40 screenshots within my 6 hours of gameplay. It's just so beautiful to walk around and look at all of it! It could also be called a Graphical Benchmarking Software: The Video Game.Regarding the gameplay, the murder solving mechanics and storytelling techniques here are top notch. Really entertaining. I had my entire family sitting around the TV trying to piece together the clues to each crime scene.It's NOT a terribly long game, but as this game says at the very beginning, it will not hold your hand. You're free to roam the entirety of Red Creek Valley without any guidance. So unless you look up a guide, you could very well get many hours out of this.Don't expect too much of a challenge however, this game is not super difficult. But it is an enjoyable narrative experience for anyone that likes a good story that keeps you guessing, and amazing scenery.EDIT: After playing the game a little longer, I can confirm that NO, you cannot travel to any place you can see. So there are some boundaries to this beautiful world."
76561198259297816,Recommended,258520,25321694,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BOT loczek112,Very good Polish game.
76561198028426138,Recommended,258520,28197079,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Wheaton,"My S/O and I recently finished playing through this game together. We absolutely loved it.There were a couple of times where we'd look at a guide to make sure we were getting all of the story in the correct order. Other than that, it was pure, adventurous fun!For anybody into adventure/mystery-style games, I would highly recommend this one.Our only complaint is that we finished it too soon and were left craving for more (...if you can consider that a complaint)10/10"
76561198096318404,Recommended,258520,24099232,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kvaz,"*I don't recommend watching the trailers (once you know you want the game), they're spoilers and it's a pretty short game.*I've limited these spoilers to be mostly spoiler free.-Got game on Sale, after missing the last ""good"" sale around a year ago.-Finally.-Awesome.-Find grenade, wonder who left this out. I mean, anyone could have found this. That's very irresponsible.-Chase astronaut through woods...?--Okay, took me two times to follow...-Throw grenade off of bridge. Hooray? Hm.-The rocks are up and to the right of the gate, you'll find them eventually.-Part where I got stuck:--For the third corpse take the cart all the way back and then ram forward through rubble to find the last clue, this one has very few clues compared with the last one.*Where I almost quit:-Jump Scare death! (If this stands.)--Aaahhh!--Exit game.--Look through walkthroughs - a lot. (Run away from it, and use the maps. All but two parts can be found on the outer ""ring"", follow the left hand wall around till you have three, then go to the main room for the fourth part, and then the puzzle: the last two can be brute forced rather easily. Or just look up the solution and follow the right hand wall to the main room without the parts. As for it, don't look at it long - usually you can see its light quickly and flee.)--Alright, don't look at it...---Alright, set it off and look away...---Just look at the wall, that's right, just look at the wall...---It's right behind me...!---Exit game.--Look at more walkthroughs.--Get emotional support and Enya music.--Run past the set up jump scare. Take that!---Pause several times even though I only died in the first jump scare that sets everything up...--Never been so happy to see giant tentacles in my life.---I'm saved!--Aww, everything was worth it.-Continue story, getting really exciting...-Finish story.--What.--I mean,what?--...-It isn't a happy ending.--Or story for that matter.Duh, corpseseverywhere.-Just... just enjoy the path, alright? Or a message you found? I don't know.-Find out final achievements are borked...As far as I know, just pick up the grenade after you finish, and walk through the house with stories in each room slowly.A second run through seems common to get them all.-Would buy and play sequel anyway."
,Recommended,258520,12295204,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,MyLittleTony,"Nicest looking game I've ever played. Short, but very immersive."
,Recommended,258520,23800253,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,(PCA) Slim Nerdy C,"Haunting, beautiful, and deeply intruiging, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a premiere example of how video games can use atmosphere, a great premise, and interesting gameplay to transcend the story-telling abilities of other mediums. The game is a slow-paced, investigative adventure that centers around narrative and puzzle solving. I was never bored during my playthrough, and rarely was I annoyed or frustrated with the puzzles. The game tells you right at the beginning that it won't hold your hand, and while this is true, it also feels correct. The game is not overly challenging, so the lack of aid or hints allows the player to move at their own pace. I highly recommend this game for players who enjoy discovering a well told story in a beautifully designed (albeit creepy) world."
76561198002594941,Not Recommended,258520,12787504,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Bluebell,"Excellent graphics, story and feel to the game.  But the puzzles are simple and the game is short.  I felt unsatisfied at the end wanting more to it."
76561198045323545,Recommended,258520,25352429,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DameyC,"A great game that tells the story in a way, with a narrative that makes you need to use your head. If you don't like games with a story that needs you to make sense of it, then this game probably isn't for you. Especially if you don't like games that make you think in general. That being said I loved this game and the way it told it's story. I would not recommend paying $20 for it, that's a rediculous price for what this game is. Wait for it to be on sale and buy for $5 like I did. It's definatly worth it."
,Recommended,258520,15148195,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Daer,This game is really dope.
,Recommended,258520,20913276,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Potato PC,"Disclaimer : I beat this game in Redux edition.A walking simulator game with unusual amazing story, great graphic/world creation and nice soundtrack. The only downside that this game don't have tutorial and a bit confusing especially for those who isn't interested in mystery games.With low price, i'd say that this game is worth it and recommended for those who love walking simulator, mystery or games with good graphic."
76561198099595837,Recommended,258520,25646745,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Crispin,"Very interesting mystery, although the game takes only a few hours to complete!"
76561198096474785,Not Recommended,258520,29219335,Posted: 13 January,all,Anthony_258,"Although I haven't played much, I didn't really want to continue playing. The game looks fantastic but I just did not like the lack of direction and not knowing where to go. Others might love this feature, but I need aims and objectives and don't just want to wander for ages til I find something vaguely interesting, which is what I felt like I was doing whilst I was playing the game."
76561198084242508,Recommended,258520,23491970,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Estemma,"If you like these kind of games, just buy it, as simple as that. Great graphics, good story, best walking simulator. The only problem, is too short. A very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,258520,28671884,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dovile,"Everything about this game is brilliant: graphics, story, atmosphere.                                                    Ethans world leaves that strange feeling of loneliness and darkness also feeling of deadly silence while you walking through forest.       It got me really into this game. I just couldn't just leave pc for 7.6h needed to know EVERYTHING.So yh hightly recommended this experience is unforgettable :)"
76561197994408530,Recommended,258520,12466927,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Aku,"Lie down, try not to cry, cry a lot."
,Recommended,258520,16627297,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gonzo850,10/10
76561197971032354,Recommended,258520,26679151,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hispanicgamer,Interesting game but I felt it was too short.
,Not Recommended,258520,16364325,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[BS] Misanq,"+ Stand-out visuals and sound design.+ Intriguing story.- Blows the story at the last moment with an extremely unoriginal twist.- Puzzles are very easy and rapidly decrease in quality towards the end of the game.- Extremely short, even for a walking simulator.- Zero replay value.- Weak finale retroactively sours the entire experience."
,Recommended,258520,21370672,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,sivis,"Nice game, get it with any discount.Good interactive detective story.VERY prettyGood optimization with Unreal Engine 4Around 5-6 hours longCan get a bit tedious when walking big distances as there is no fast travel, recommend using speedhack feature in cheat engineDevelopers are good, released Redux version =)"
76561198233287988,Recommended,258520,23505550,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheVirginEnigma,"I bought this game back in February, and I sincerely regret putting it off until now. A captivating story coupled with stunning graphics and a tense plot make for an incredible, enjoyable and unforgettable game. By piecing together various murders in your search for Ethan Carter, we get a sense of the creative and brilliant mind that is Ethan Carter, through the numerous stories we find scattered all around Red Creek Valley.If you like mystery mixed with horror and suspense, then this game is for you. Seriously, buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,258520,12276635,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,neoadorable,"Bought this as wanted to support the guys that made Bulletstorm and GoW Judgement, both excellent experiences. This one...not so much. Total disappointment. It combines the worst aspects of a walking sim with a terrible save system. Hey Astronauts, there's no point to a Dark Souls/Destiny-like save system in a WALKING SIM. All you're forcing people to do is walk the same paths again and again. There's no reward, no real interaction.Your character just walks around clicking at stuff and listening to the odd voice/plot expo. The map is indeed huge, but it's also quite empty and just leads to frustration. And again, the save system is broken. When it says ""saving scene"", if you quit and restart, you will not be where it was supposed to save.Yes, the visuals are quite nice, but there's very regular stutter on my PC, which is running this on high with 2XMSAA. Most of the time framerate is smooth, but it'll stutter regularly when loading new areas in the background i suppose.In short, a big big letdown. Part of the risk of supporting the industry, but still a shame. 4/10"
76561198062326689,Not Recommended,258520,12286420,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Fancy metal can,"**WARNING** SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW!To be honest, I knew very little of this game leading up to its release, which is why I was excited about playing it. The less I know the more I'll be surprised by the actual content of the game. Unfortunately the only surprise I felt was that I was suckered into paying 20 bucks for a 4 hour game.While the first 1/3 of the game shows a lot of potential with the introduction of a unique crime scene gameplay mechanic, interesting mystery and one fantastic puzzle, the game never evolves beyond this point and becomes incredibly closed-in despite what the environments try to convince you.SECOND WARNING! SPOILERS BELOW!I'll summarize briefly, but the story is your character, Paul Prospero, has received a disturbing fan letter from a boy named Ethan Carter. Concerned that Ethan is in grave danger, Paul arrives at Red Creek Valley to investigate. Along the way you begin to unravel the events surrounding the murders of Ethan's family members, as well as exploring the depths of Ethan's imagination through his story pages.What's disappointing is the ending doesn't really have the emotionally gripping payoff I think the developers were hoping for. To put it simply, Ethan Carter in his (possibly) final moments while trapped in a room during a house fire, has imagined the entire scenario, including your main character Paul Prospero.Instead of being pulled into that ending emotionally, I was left thrown out of it asking ""ok, then why did these imaginary murders occur the way they did?"" Beyond the idea that Ethan Carter hated his abusive and resentful family, the way each family member are killed doesn't really say anything in particular about how Ethan related to each of them.The potential was there, cause the scenarios surrounding Ethan's story pages have great imagery that really keep you in suspsense and feel connected to the ending, but the murder scenarios lack this and feel like they occurred the way they did ""just cause."" This wouldn't have been such a big issue with me except these scenarios were a big part of the story and ultimately wasted otherwise well-handled characters (Particularly due to the voice actors and what the player learns about them through reading material).Also, apparently the idea for good symbolism for a particular murder scene was to just throw Crow's all over the place. So not only did they use an overrused concept, but it was done in the most generic and casual way possible.My final gripe is the price tag. Charging players 20 dollars for a four hour game? Nothing short of ridiculous. Maybe there could of been more content and depth to the story if the majority of the game's time and resources weren't devoted to its environment, which to no surprise looks great.So to put it simply, I think the big issue for me came down to the handling of the story. Unfortunately, Since this game is essentially a sight-seeing tour with a few gameplay mechanics dispersed here and there along the narrative, the story was very much a make-or-break factor in this game, and it just doesn't live up to its potential."
76561197995224922,Recommended,258520,12242450,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Triple M,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is to Classic Stephen King Horror what Amnesia the Dark Descent was to Lovecraftian Horror. It's a dark, quiet, slow, and disturbing.This is not a game with a rush around every corner or creatures to murder. You are putting together the pieces, uncovering the tale of a child who woke something they shouldn't have. You have to put the puzzle together and stop what was unleashed, armed with some minor psychic abilities and your wits.For some, this game will be to slow, as there is a lot of wandering and observation. But for it's price it delivered a horror-adventure game in a way that is engaging and atmospheric. It was scare you, it will surprise you, and it will make you curse on occasion.For a horror game, I can think of no higher praise."
,Recommended,258520,12257698,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Finrandojin,A visually stunning game about exploration with some light puzzle and horror elements thrown in that is good entertainment for about 4-5 hours.
,Recommended,258520,12241723,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,f0rmality,"I just played this game from start to finish in one sitting. I had been following the game for a while and was very excited but also wary given how similar it seemed to Murdered: Soul Suspect and how that turned out.Well your worries can fade because this game is excellent. The environment is obviously gorgeous and the graphics are astounding for a 20$ open world title, the soundtrack fits the tone perfectly and the atmosphere is both eery and peaceful. The few gameplay elements and puzzles involved are implemented well and don't break the flow of the game at all, it's all very immersive and the detective bits are fun to go through and are solved using sense and logic making it all seem very grounded.The storyline is where I found the game to shine though, it's very HP Lovecraft-esque and those familiar with his work will immediately notice similarities. Clues and information are often discovered out of order and you'll find yourself confused most of the time, struggling to put more and more outlandish facts together into a cohesive story. But I can promise you that the ending is worth it. Some people may not dig it, but that's them, I found it to be both thought provoking and deeply touching.I absolutely recommend this game, it isn't especially long (my playthrough was probably about 5 hours), but it's definitely an experience/game worth having."
,Recommended,258520,25566146,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Nezz,This game was beautiful. Moderate difficulty with puzzles. The ending made me cry >_>
,Not Recommended,258520,24962399,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Navrin,"Right when you start the game it warns you that it is a ""narrative"" and is 100% true.  You don't really ""play"" this game, you just go along with the story.  It took me 3 hours to finish the entire game, getting every achievement.  This is way too short.  Ethan's stories (no spoilers) are both engaging and the highlight of this narrative, but they are only 5.  The graphics are good, and the story too, but I just can't recommend this game.  Puzzles were way too easy, achievements were way too easy - nothing in this game was challenging - 100% narrative - walkthrough a story.*Note-I played the Redux version first, first run through took 3 hours.  Then I played the normal version to see what is different - that run through took one hour.  Really couldn't tell any difference between the two versions."
,Recommended,258520,26795624,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wizcreations,"This is an atmospheric, exploration, puzzle game with a great ""narrative experience that does not hold your hand."" The game opens with that claim, and it certainly holds true.  I loved every minute of this game (minus the one puzzle that deliberately tries to scare you).  This is the most beautiful game I've ever played, and the story it tells is revealed in pieces as you explore the stunning world.  This combines for not only a great narrative experience, but a game that rewards exploration of the world that was so lovingly crafted for your enjoyment.The clues for each investigation actually make sense, and finding them is an enjoyable, rewarding experience.  However, piecing together the story for each case once you have the clues is often a trial-and-error approach.  I would like them to be a little more intuitive but overall I didn't feel that the solutions were completely arbitrary (which is a flaw present in many other detective-type games).  The ending is open to interpretation, but I felt it did a good job to tie all the stories together and finally give you an explanation about why you're in Red Creek Valley and who your character is.I played the Redux version, which saves every time you do something meaningful, so you no longer have to worry about solving an entire area before the game will save.My interpretation of the story:Ethan is the only one who dies.  He wrote stories about each of his family members, but they were nothing but stories.  The mysteries you solve are the stories he wrote.  His family members didn't actually kill each other.  The negativity toward Ethan is likely an emotional outcry for his family never supporting him in life (the audio clips you hear always have his family putting aside his stories and not reading them or supporting his creativity).  I would guess Ethan is the sleeper, and ""the sleeper must not sleep"" may refer to Ethan's daydreaming and story writing.Your detective character is just another one of Ethan's stories, but in a way you are tied to Ethan himself.  In fact, you are Ethan's final story before the house accidentally gets set on fire.  He created you, and when you finally discover the truth about what happened to Ethan--that he is suffocating in a house fire--your story ends, just as Ethan's story is ended.  The entire game is a compilation of Ethan's stories, wrapped up in his final story about a supernatural detective."
76561198124798238,Recommended,258520,19062061,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Lôthar Von Fäbér,Money placed was well worthed.10/10 would play this again eventhough I havent played it yet.
76561198120286258,Not Recommended,258520,12712909,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Wobblyshrimp,"I just finished this game and all I can say is that it was a massive let down. My play time is posted, obviously, so you can decided for yourself if that warrants a 20 USD price tag.Yes, the graphics are stunning, easily some of the best outdoor enviroments I've seen to date. Combine that with the ambient soundtrack, and you're sure to get sucked into this world from the get go. Unfortunately the absolute joke of (or lack of) a story ruins it once you figure out what's going on in this beautiful valley.I bought this game because I was under the impression it told a great story influenced by classic weird fiction authors. So if you're considering buying it for that reason I'm telling you now that is not the case with this game apart from a few cringeworthy Lovecraft references.The developers even created a blog post on their site explaining/defending their story. You shouldn't have to address such issues if you truly tell a good tale.http://www.theastronauts.com/2014/10/vanishing-ethan-carters-ending-extreme-spoilers/If you think the graphics are worth the money then go for it, but you won't get much else here."
,Recommended,258520,13266689,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,himmatsj,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a nice little exploration-mystery game. It is beautiful, has a great setting and atmosphere, and have puzzles and detective bits that may stump you for a bit, but they're ultimately fairly doable.You walk around the location searching for clues to solve the deaths of Ethan's family members. Backtracking is not a requirement, but if you somehow miss out on solving a murder or a puzzle, you can just backtrack. It seems vast, but on the overall the location is not that big. It may get a bit off-putting if you end up having to backtrack many times.I would say it should take the average gamer 4-5 hours to complete the game. If you manage to ""go with the flow"" and solve everything fairly straightforwardly, you could finish the game in around 3 hours.The game mechanics are fine. First, you need to find all items at the murder scene, then tag them in the order in which they happened. Some trial and error may be required for certain scenes.I think it's a fairly decent game. There could have been more things to do, since the map does seem a bit large for what there is in the game. Another thing is that the mouse feels very floaty. It seems like there is a lot of weight attached to it.My biggest complaint though is that the game stutters like nobody's business. You can confirm this by just looking into the forums. Whatever settings I choose, I get stutters every 5-10 seconds or so. For a game that primes itself on the atmosphere and setting, this is a real deal breaker.Another thing is that this game is extremely graphically intensive. Even on the lowest possible settings, I get mid 40fps when I am in the middle of trees. And basically every other part of the game has trees. Basides, many graphics settings like Ambient Occlusion and FXAA do not seem to work.I would recommend this game for those who don't mind something slower paced, or just want to take in the breathtaking visuals. Perhaps not at the full price though (I got it at 40% off)."
,Not Recommended,258520,21376254,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Oh Noes,"* My gameplay time is very short for the original game because I played the Redux Unreal Engine 4 version.  The redux version is graphically superior to the original and the version you should play if you decide to purchase this game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game that does not live up to its potential.  The atmosphere and graphics are great, but the gameplay and story feel lackluster.  There are some intriguing moments like the mysterious astronaut and the last coal miner.  But this game needed more of these moments to further build the protagonist and to keep the audience intrigued in mystery.  I think the story buildup of the murders and the villain is too simplistic and could have used more dialogue and character development.  The puzzles are too simple to solve and the only intriguing one was the house with portals.7/10"
76561198048418716,Recommended,258520,22734583,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,whodatlikedat,This game is super atmospheric and the plot is really grippingFrom what I can tell so far anywaysI haven't played much cuz I'm a wimp and I get scared.
76561198070882424,Recommended,258520,20988161,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jimball,"It took me 2 attempts to get through this game, but it was definitely worth it.TL;DR: Frustrating at first, but a brilliant experience in the end.The first time I played, the game dropped me into an area surrounded by trees with no instruction of what to do. After wandering around a bit and managing to solve the first 'scene' (without understandinghowI'd actually solved it), and I was left to explore a larger area with no idea what I was doing. Super frustrating, I quit.On my second attempt, I had a look at a walkthrough for the first 'scene' after the area I'd already completed. After seeing how the puzzle is solved, and understanding the game mechanics better, I played through solving the rest of the puzzles on my own. Now having an idea of what I was supposed to be doing, I could focus on what the game had to offer, and it was beautiful.The game is full of picturesque landscapes and stunning scenes to look at. You won't even need to try to keep an eye out for these scenic views, they just naturally pop out as you're wandering around following the story, so you won't miss out on anything if you're not specifically looking for the best viewing positions. The screenshots shown on the store page really don't do it justice. Complimenting the gorgous visuals is an excellent soundtrack. It seemed to fit perfectly with what I was seeing, seamlessly transitioning from no music, to a calm serenade, to a haunting background track without you really noticing.The story was engaging, and I loved being a part of piecing the scenes together and then watching it unfold. It was a fantastic experience overall, my only gripe was the lack of instruction, but in hindsight I imagine adding any kind of tutorial or instruction to the start of the game would only ruin the immersion so it's probably better without.Highly recommended as a way to keep yourself entertained for a few hours on a lazy weekend."
,Recommended,258520,18964621,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Frikimidz,"What a great story.If you like explorative walking simulators with engaging story get this game.Is it a horror game? No. Is it at least creepy? Yes and might be disturbing to some.Some of you who just want the story might want to grab a guide to nudge you in the right direction(s) and to minimize all the walking. But with scenes this good, it's a joy to walk. The music fits very well too.There are problems with stuttering, it's the engine limitation and probably my old rig showing its age. It kinda break the immersion. Try the UE4 redux version if you can."
,Recommended,258520,20363572,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Axoloth,"In Ethan Carter: The Five Pages you run around as a faceless guy in the woods trying to pick up pages scattered around while creepy things happen to you, and there are some dead bodies lying around too I guess they didn’t find all the pages"
76561198167690204,Recommended,258520,20555253,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,karasuma,It is a good game to kill the time when you have nothing to do. Just go into the game and watch the beautiful view with elegance background music. .....
,Recommended,258520,21127121,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,HoroWheats,游戏画面：美丽干净。游戏音乐：身临其境。游戏内容：亦幻亦真。游戏方式：开阔自由。游戏感受：一次美丽的旅程。Graphic: Eexquisite but not fancy.Music: Elegant simplicity.Story: Detect like Holmes.Game mode: Play as you wish.Feeling: Like a beautiful journey.画像：綺麗音楽：簡潔ストーリー：真実と幻想の共存ゲームモード：自由印象：人生は、ゲームは、単纯な幸福を缲り返しています。
,Recommended,258520,21243674,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,therealmogwai,Great little murder mystery adventure game with a soothing relaxing atmosphere.  For what it attempts to achieve it is near perfect.  Added bonus is the inclusion of the remastered edition when purchasing the original.  8.2 / 10
76561197999748473,Recommended,258520,20373426,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dirty Dutchess #TNO,"Awesome story yet a bit confusing at points.. Puzzles are not too difficult either.The graphics are absolutely brilliant and the endig of the story is beautiful, u really want to find this kid!The only frustrating thing about this game is is that you've got totally no idea which way you should go or if its the right way to go to..I would definitely recommend this game to other adventure-game players!"
,Recommended,258520,22139772,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,StrongCrayon,"The story is too far-fetched. Ghosts and demons and portals, that's all fine. But 7:00 PM on an autumn evening in Wisconsin and there's still THAT much daylight? Puh-lease.Buy this game. There are pretty trees. And simulated walking definitely beats the real thing.666/10"
,Not Recommended,258520,20456441,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,VirtuaJulian,"Looks amazing, but there's really not much here. The puzzles are few and far between, often trial and error over logic. The story seemed really interesting until it became super obvious, then tedious. If you don't do everything perfect the first go, which means often stumbling on puzzles, you have to run back through the entire game. Visually though, pretty incredible."
76561197970389264,Not Recommended,258520,12587371,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ko,"I was debating this with myself for a moment, before finally picking thumbs down for this one. There's aspects I really like, such as the overall atmosphere, visuals, music and story elements. It's all very atmospheric and well done. But there is ultimately too little content for the asking price and too little game for a, well... game. I don't feel particularly cheated or even that I wasted my money on this game, it's just not a ""game"" I'll recommend to anyone else at its current 19€ price point. For people on the fence, I recommend picking it up in a future sale. It's a nice experience while it lasts, but there's simply not enough game here."
76561198047129816,Not Recommended,258520,22612441,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Zenyatta,It's a pretty game but lacks content. Avoid unless you see it for $5.
76561198024033687,Not Recommended,258520,13511251,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bizarromantis,"Yes, it's a beautiful game, but after wandering around and finding at least 30 clues and starting to put the story together, I had to go because three hours had elapsed.  I went back into the game and I had to start over from the beginning.  NOT OKAY!  I had to delete it.  Not being able to manually save makes the game broken to me and I lost $12.00."
,Recommended,258520,12241991,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Forgetful Brain,"My advice:Close the blinds. Pour yourself a glass. Grab a controller. Don a pair of headphones. Sit back, and lose yourself in this gorgeous, horrific world.This is what Myst felt like as a child, for the first time. Now, beside us, the adventure genre has grown.And oh, what a set of teeth it has..."
76561197970755187,Not Recommended,258520,14286100,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MGarceau,"The Unreal Engine is impressive. This game is quite pretty to look at. Beautiful textures and nice lighting effects make for an excellent looking game. A small gripe, though, are the character models - they are quite stiff, comparatively dated looking, and do not animate well.Unfortunately the game design is not as impressive as the visuals, minus character models. It's at times very unclear what your next objective is; not that hand-holding is a must for modern day video games, but so often the puzzles require an unnecessary attention to environmental detail. Many of the ""must find"" contextual puzzle pieces are very tricky to spot, resulting in aimless wandering for too much time. An example of this is trying to find the missing rock during the game's first detective scene.The story is interesting - and the thing that holds this game together. It's just unfortunate that it's marred by poor game design.Not really recommended.5/10"
76561198029574347,Not Recommended,258520,13605165,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,scribbydagreat,"Great story, but done in three hours?  Hmmm - thank goodness I never paid for this game.  It is pretty to look at and, like I said, is a cool story. However, it takes no time at all to complete the enitre thing with the side missions."
,Not Recommended,258520,20423965,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,"I liked the world, I liked the story, and I enjoyed the puzzles (when I could find them) but I spent so much time wandering around and trying to figure out what I should have been doing. The game says that it doesn't ""hold your hand"" and that it's up to the player to figure things out, but at some level there is a difference between building a free system and poor design. I personally ended up leaving it be, but I could understand it if other people had a different reaction."
76561197989377135,Recommended,258520,12251477,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[EOGa] Shade,"I'm missing a ""not at this price"" button.I have let this game sink in a bit now, and just as I finished it, I was really impressed. now...This game is great... It's just a little disappointing.It's aesthetically pleasing, and a great story, slightly eerie. Unfortunately just a litte to short.I will most likely pre-purchase their next game if it seemed something like this one.I will wholeheartedly recommend this game... for 12-14€(I'll admit that most of the time is spent between puzzles, but defining it a walking simulator might be a bit harsh)"
76561197980727860,Recommended,258520,12242097,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Raider_0341,Well worth the small price tag. Game is immersive and engaging. The voice acting isn't always the best but to me it is a minor complaint and the only one I have.
76561198007558873,Not Recommended,258520,33674478,Posted: 20 July,all,kwikasacat,"In 1.4 hours i completed 3 of the murders and the house with the doors b4 i realised there was a redux version in my library, just as i was starting to think what the hell are all these flashing artifacts in the woods all about. So.. redux..no artifacts.. good start. Whizzed through the bits i had already done and finished the entire game in 2.5 hours :( The random stories you find around the map are just that, random stories written by ethan. I understand they are kind of like reflections of ethans troubled thoughts and his wild imagination but for me it was all just 'random'. From solving the 1st murder to chasing a space man to witches and cultist ceremonies, future wizards to mythical sea creatures and a lantern weilding zombie? All while the actual story unfolds.. the sleeper, the crazy♥♥♥♥♥family members and the detective, which, in the end, just turns out to be another story... hmmm didnt see that coming ;);) So in the end the kid is dead or the kid is alive its up to you cos you dont truly find out. apparently thats supposed to be clever but i couldnt be arsed deciding for myself as i was still in disbelief the game had finished already."
,Not Recommended,258520,12864424,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Da_Mag3,"Beautiful game with a nice story, but very short. Practically only 8 ""puzzles"" with a lot of walking in between. Recommented for explorers when on sale. Replay value 0."
76561198072597747,Not Recommended,258520,34877168,Posted: 10 September,all,HotHamWater,"Music and visuals are great, buuuut the story and puzzles were ultimately unsatisfying. I really wanted to like it, though."
,Recommended,258520,19083404,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,liboo,"Pure example of a well told, written and desgined story! This game got me speechless and always with a desire to play more. Definitely worth the money!+recommend"
,Recommended,258520,12242590,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Curly Spencil,"An absolutely beautiful world.  It's one I just wanted to explore, even though a lot of it is just there for the sake of it being there (I don't mean that in a bad way). Initially, I didn't really care for the story but, once I completed it and actually thought about it, I enjoyed it a whole lot more.If you have a closed mind and can't play a game for an experience rather than a kill count, you will not enjoy this game.  I, however, welcome these types of experiences.  It's a short game, clocking in at 4 hours for me, but I feel I got my $20 worth.  I wish there had been more puzzles, though, because I wanted to stay in the world just a bit longer."
,Recommended,258520,12242231,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,UnbendingNose,"Haven't gotten into any gameplay, but this game is absolutely gorgeous. I'm happy to pay full price just to walk around and look at trees and grass all day. It runs like a dream as well. Cudos to the devs for optimizing the game well."
76561198062426864,Recommended,258520,12242404,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,PacificFrog,"Okay gotta be honest here, this is my FIRST EVER review on a video game, and WOW. I was literally SPEECHLESS when I played this game for myself, it is absolutely gorgeous, beautiful and so mystical in a way, the surroundings, everything. I played through the first few hours literally with my mouth agape haha. Seriously, for $20, this game is WAYYYY ABOVE the normal standards of what we get with games today. Even though Astronauts is an indie developer, it still feels as if it was a  giant industrialised game company that created this piece of gem. Gotta leave it to the Polish to create AMAZING games hehe. Overall, AMAZING GAME, beautiful graphics, mesmerizing soundtrack, and mysterious story, glad to have paid full price for it. <39/10"
,Recommended,258520,12245487,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Meisterred,"See the negative reviews for this game? Sleeper made them do it!The visuals are awesome, the game is short (~5-7 hours) and the ending is controversial.Buy this only if you really dig into Art-movies and the game in your location costs not more than a movie ticket."
76561198091823578,Recommended,258520,12253714,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lamp,"A rating system might be more helpful for a review of games like this as I can only recommend it lightly. Everything about the gameplay was great, but I was able to beat it in less than 6 hours without being in any sort of hurry. Also the puzzles got easier and shorter instead of longer and more complicated as the game went on-and the ending was an *enormous* disappointment."
,Recommended,258520,12256412,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Linus just the Tip,"This game drops you off with little to no guidance, this creates a never before seen immersion which is Amazing. The Graphics are jaw droppingly beautiful. The music and ambience creates amazing effects. Loving the storyline so far, although I feel sometimes I'm lost and/or out of place in some sections, not knowing where to go or what to do. Anyhow, it's a game worth the 19.99. Definately worth picking this up, you won't be disappointed.GRAPHICAL O R G A S M"
,Recommended,258520,12244345,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Tool8,"Wow. This game is beautiful. If you enjoyed games like Dear Esther, Gone Home or Amnesia: The Dark Descent you will love this. The game is incredibly well optimized, too, and will probably run much better on your computer than you'd expect from the drop-dead gorgeous visuals. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,258520,12604577,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Moonie,"I have had the most fun I could ever had for this game, really my top favourite!I just love the atmosphere, the soundtrack and the gameplay, really suits it. One thing I was not informed... ""Horror"", get ready to be spookedBelow is a spoiler of a part in the gameplay.Heres my playthrough of it though:I played the game for 4.1 hours straight to only be ruined by a small moment ;-;Running around carelessly because I thought it was a normal investigation game, didn't even care about spookie music or anything. Just read stuph, investigate stuph and get the♥♥♥♥♥outta there c:Running around in a mine partly in the darkness not giving a damn thinking there was no jumpers, a light spawns ""Oh alright"" Runs through it and it disapears, then apears right infront of me with a zombie... Huminoid undead thing and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥killed me, it was loud as♥♥♥♥♥/spoiler]"
,Recommended,258520,26444638,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,p0rtalmaster,"First achievement I got was the second-rarest one.  I then learned that people suck at this beautiful exploration game, especially when less than half the crowd has a progress-related achievement."
76561198189294975,Recommended,258520,25452932,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,JinxMeme,"If you are unintelligent I highly recommend not playing this game. It requires thinking, and a lot of looking to finish this game. If you do figure out some of the tricky puzzles, and can use your brain for critical thinking then this is the game for you it has phenomenal graphics, and an even more incredible story! 8/10 - JSquilly"
76561198031954705,Recommended,258520,12254884,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Digital_Faction,"Excellent game, beautiful game world, interesting and compeling story progression."
,Recommended,258520,12252373,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ANJ_,"Amazingly beautiful game, visually stunning, unique plot & story, very emmersive, trippy as fuh gameplay. About <4hr playtime for 1st playthrough but still 10/10. Awesome."
76561198019696234,Recommended,258520,19623679,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,marmalada180,"This is a roughly 4 hour game where you walk across Red Creek Valley, 'renact' connected murders along the way, by ordering a sequence/chain of events (usually). You do this by finding 'clues' in the area. There are about 8-10 of these scenes.I think it is apt to say that Ethan Carter is more an ""experience"" rather than a traditional game, where you do lots of stuff- there is an interesting story, breathtaking graphics, and nothing more. If you want something more than this, do not get this game."
,Recommended,258520,20205850,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zachc71,"Just a heads up: when you buy this game you also get the redux version, which is the same game, only upgraded to the unreal engine 4. Steam sees it as a different game, but not a game on the store, so it doesn't let you review it. So the few minutes you see that i have, is just so it lets me write a review. I actually have about 4.5 hours in the game.This game is absolutely amazing. It is by far one of the most BEAUTIFUL games I have ever seen. Seriously, i have never taken so many screenshots. Actually the looks of the game greatly persuaded me into this purchase. This game takes a bit of patience, and some time to really explore this world, but it pays off! Not only looking good, this world feels so complete. Everywhere you go feels individually designed, and it all fits together. the world doesn't feel segmented like most games. The story offers a great story with some unique visuals, but it can be hard to follow at times. It has a perfect mix of mystery, adventure, and puzzles. I bought this game for less then $10 during the steam winter sale, but i would easily pay its full price, despite its short story. I definitely would recommend this to anyone, but if you're looking for anything with action, go ahead and find a new game. Otherwise, check this game out!!"
,Recommended,258520,19737362,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Marxist-Leninist Cat,"Describe this game in one word? Beautiful. Thats itThe game tells you exactly what it is with the first sentence it gives you:It is a narrative game that DOES NOT HOLD YOUR HANDMeaning that if you are a retard like me, you will probably google how you actually play the game. If you are not a retard and can manage how to do that without searching for it like I did, you will love this game.The landscapes are beautiful. Sometimes you will stop playing and just look at the screen and go: ""Damn, this game is beautiful"".So is the soundtrack. And the story.It will make you think, it will scare you and it will ♥♥♥♥ your mind for a bit. But it will be that type of consesual meaninful sex that you enjoy.Basically: Into puzzles? Into interesting story? You will love this game. (Also, not being a retard helps)"
,Not Recommended,258520,25473183,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,|NM| Zombie Bacon,"I played the entire Redux edition but had to install this version to review.I do like the risk they took with this game, reminds me of PC games from the 90s (like 7th Guest or Myst) which frankly were harder.  In the end I just felt the story was somewhat weak, the ending was a let down.  It was somewhat interesting but it feels like they just missed.Regarding the redux version specifically I had to turn motion blur off immediately, was making me sick.  Even so there was still something about the graphics that hurt my eyes and messed with my head, especially during fast motion."
24567876245678987,Not Recommended,258520,28849553,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nojxiik,"Fantastic graphics noone can disagree, since its not a looking simulator I cant recommend buying it. This game had some potentional but the guy who wrote the story tried an iceberg method (Shows you just a pieces of a story but you have to think out the rest) which turned out to be a bad idea. Its just overthought or they created surroundings and then tried to fit a story in it. Some of the things there just simply dosent make any sence. Not worth above 12Euro but i would rather buy 4 copies of this game to my friends than new cod's to myself for 60..."
76561198202956552,Recommended,258520,28578683,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JasSpy,"When it comes to me and my relationship with video games, Point & Click genre games are my main one. They speak to me the most, fit my personality the most, are the ones I have the best mind for, and a pretty good one at that, at least I believe. It was while I was seeing if it was plausible to get a twitch streamer I use to watch to play a fav of mine, that one or two other watchers said in the chat that this game was the new hot point & click game to play.I prefer my point & click games to be ones where you socialize. Ones where you talk to people and are immediately told where you are and what the deal is. So I was off put at first that this game doesn't do either of those things. You're completely lost, isolated, and don't know where you are, and no one is around. It's a game where you're supposed to feel lonely. Since I suffer from chronic depression IRL, partly caused by loneliness, I really disliked at first this aspect. After the second attempt to play this is when I got successfully hooked.I hate the gamer mentality of ""I dub this game really good at being pretty, beautiful, and atmospheric, RIGHT NOW AS SOON I'M STARTING IT!"" It's pretentious, and puts pressure on people thinking of playing the game to display as much ""good behavior"" pretension. I say no, it's better to be an ""a**hole"", and appreciate the beauty and atmosphere, IDK, when your on your flippin' death bed, as long as it's after playing the game for a nice long time/well after you've finished it. I don't give an f when I first start it, no one deserves to get that much sucking up. It's better to never say the game is beautiful than to say it is at record speed.The memory I have of the feeling I got from the game after getting into it AFTER A GOOD WHILE OF PLAYING IT,  I liked quite a lot. That's what is suppose to happen. The key to games like this is suppose to be time, and a lot of it. I REMEMBER it being beautiful and atmospheric in a pretty solidly good way. It's mechanics and challenges took some getting use to, but they where pretty good too.My biggest complaint is the story. It's a good story up until the end. To keep this spoiler free, I'll keep it to just saying this: 60's and 70's folk music artists like Simon & Garfunkel, who sang regularly about how much it sucks to live in the big city and how they'd rather feel the earth beneath their feet, apparently where completely wrong according to whoever wrote this game. According to him, if you move out to the wilderness with your family, the adults you live with will apparently NOT WANT YOU to enjoy the earth beneath your feet. They rather you burn to death than experience the outside. So stop complaining and just shut up Simon & Garfunkel, the city is just fine to be trapped in. THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE!!!!I recommend this game, just ignore to asinine writing toward the end."
,Recommended,258520,19430590,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mr. King of Mexico,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a terrific exploration game that truly does not hold your hand. As I write this review I've actually been playing closer to 5 hours so disregard what Steam says. Here the dev made story telling simple yet incredibly fascinating.You start by walking down the tunnel and being introduced to who you're playing as. A detective by the name of Paul Prospero. You find out that Ethan knows things that no child should and decide to investigate WTF is going on. Thus, the game starts.WARNING: THIS GAME HAS  A SECTION WITH JUMP SCARES. IF YOU'RE  A COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥ THEN YOU CAN LOOK AT A GUIDE AS TO HOW TO COMPLETE THAT SECTION AS SHORT AS POSSIBLE."
76561197968560421,Recommended,258520,16457585,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RandalMcdaniel,Says it does not hold your hand but it is literally the most hand held mystery game i have ever played. You literally can see the size 36 font text above mysterious items from almost 30ft away. Not to mention you get to use floating letters as a personal aimbot to find out where all the clues are.Basically you just walk around keeping your eyes peeled for size 36 font letters and you will win in no time.All joking aside however this game really does have the best graphics i have ever seen in my life. So for that its worth the $7 alone
,Recommended,258520,23826821,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short The Vanishing of Ethan Carter review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 3-4 hours (My playtime is low as I played through the Redux version)Played multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? Yes, the whole story can be experienced in one sittingBest part – No hand-holding, the game allows the player to use their own curiosity and intellect to unravel the story of the game and it's mysteries.Worst part – End game backtracking"
,Not Recommended,258520,33920556,Posted: 30 July,all,Opcode_,"Generally, I love ""Walking Simulators"", or narrative based experiences.Firewatch, Life Is Strange, the Stanley Parable, and the Beginners Guide are all games with minimal mechanics that I admire deeply, both as a designer and as a gamer.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter does not live up to such standards.By no means is Ethan Carter a 'bad' game, it's just mediocre in terms of design, art, aesthetic, and writing. As such, its good points and bad points can be boiled down to a simple bulleted list.-GOOD:Amazing sound design A++Lead (player's) voice actor-MediocreStory writingStory pacingArt designOther voice actorsObtuse Level designObtuse game mechanicsPolish-BADIT HAS A JUMP SCARE LABYRINTH PART THAT IS INCREDIBLY ANNOYINGInvisible wallsPointless exploration (nooks and crannies that you can explore but are pointless)Sad at the end, but disapointingly so. Not a 'good' sad ending.6/10Once again, all things considered its not a bad game, but I can't reccomend it. Maybe pick it up for $2.50 on summer sale like I did."
76561198048053829,Recommended,258520,23461090,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,jaymundo80,"(Note: This review is for the Redux version of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter that was remastered for the Unreal Engine 4, but is otherwise identical to the original version.)I'm just a (very) casual gamer and don't usually write reviews, but in the case of Ethan Carter I feel I'm compelled to.  It is by far the most beautiful, imaginative, immersive mystery game I have ever played, bar none.  Brimming with atmosphere, it is a joy to look at and roam in, ever so slightly unsettling, and features an intuitive, very clever gameplay concept that got me hooked straight away.Ethan Carter's world is gorgeously rendered.  Its narrative is deliberately sparse in dialogue and devoid of the pseudo-occult mumbo-jumbo that you get with lots of other games, and, above all, it's entirely credible.  I'm quite the scaredy cat when it comes to mystery/horror games, but with the exception of one small creepy area, there are no scenes that are gratuitously scary.  Spine-tingling, yes, but never deliberately frightening.  Although set in a fictitious valley in the US, it has a remarkably 'European' feel to it, which will be instantly recognisable to anyone who has travelled across central and eastern Europe, and brings with it a fitting neo-gothic quality that serves the environment and narrative well.It is amazing and very commendable that a relatively small game dev studio such as the 8-person operation that is The Astronauts have come up with a title that so perfectly combines the elements of a detective story, suspense and the power of imagination.  In doing so they have created a wondrous world of often faded beauty that forms part of the ever-present question: 'What is it all about?'VERDICT: If you like a powerful narrative -or- if you're a bit of a dreamer -or- if Twin Peaks is your sort of thing -- you will enjoy The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.  And you'll understand why, in Ethan's world, it will always and forever be 7.04 o'clock."
,Recommended,258520,14018499,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ageing Stormtrooper,"Great story driven game with beautiful sceneries. A bit short (less than 2 h if you find everything at once, maybe 3-4 if you explore a lot). There are times where I just stopped and had to look at the view.Inspired me to do my very first gameplay video on youtube.Is it worth it? Yes!Is it worth 19Euro? I do think so, yes, there are crappier games for same or more money our there which I played and enjoyed less.In short: great graphics, interesting story adventure story, supernatural twist. A bit short. Price acceptable."
76561198141733817,Recommended,258520,15332862,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,E.P.D. Gaffney,"Perfect for what it wants to be, which is a supernatural, eerie mystery, with almost the most breathtaking graphics in a game.It's a bit short, and not very difficult, but the narrative and world design supplement the lack of challenge.It warns you that it doesn't hold your hand, and it rather takes that to an extreme.  There is no guidance of any sort, really.  And the world is full of intricately detailed places you don't need to go.  On the one hand, that feels realistic, and on the other hand, it can be a bit annoying.My only real complaint is the saving system.  You have to wait for an auto save, and that happens when you do something in the story, or after certain actions such as going on a lift or reading certain documents.  I don't see the point in not giving the player a manual save.  It's not as if you can die or even fail.Overall, great experience, if a bit short (I'll be honest, the length for this sort of experience is actually perfect).  An absolute joy to walk through its levels, and a compelling mystery and story."
,Recommended,258520,12256894,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,derftron,"An honest review:This game looks fantastic and it runs great. The story is interesting and the twist at the end is quite nice.My only beef with this game is that it's quite short (took 3 hours to finish) and after the first few puzzles the investigation mechanics just seemed to make and the puzzles seem really easy and obvious.The game mentions that it doesn't want to hold your hand but I felt like the events in the game followed a pretty linear progression. Perhaps if the world was opened up a bit or if there were more events this might have helped.That said, it's still a great indie game."
,Recommended,258520,12266681,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Optaquon,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an exploration/mystery type game. The gameplay basically boils down to exploration broken up by puzzles and story set pieces. The plot itself is fairly simple but the manner you unravel it is pretty compelling. The puzzles are good but not particularly amazing, which is fine as they're not really the point of the game.Ethan Carter looks amazing, the environments are really interesting to explore and painstakingly detailed. Everything from the leaves and grass rustling in the wind to the mist hanging over the lake to the placement of the rocks, grass and trees in relation to each other in the forests is just right. It runs quite well, my PC isn't top of the line or even close and I managed to run all settings on High smoothly by turning down the Anisotropic filtering.The music and sound complement the game perfectly and has some really great tracks, the music is not too overbearing and always appropriate for the scene. Sounds are excellent, your footsteps over different surfaces, the creeks of old houses and the wind whistling through the trees all sound just right.This game drips with atmosphere and is well worth your time. I beat it in maybe 4-5 hours, but it's a really unique experience and well worth the money."
76561197974363022,Not Recommended,258520,14193477,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Turtleproof,"Update and spoilers below.  Don't scroll to the end if you don't want it spoiled.For over an hour this game was engrossing.  The environments are gorgeous, the soundtrack is lush without being overbearing, even the narration is enticing if a bit melodramatic.  Finding out so quickly that things are not as they seem is exciting, there's even an undertone of American decay the likes of which I haven't seen since the film Killing Them Softly.Then, I completed the game, so it seemed.  Psychological horror games are among my favorite and I obsessively search every nook and cranny in any given area.  After I found several bizarre things which I presumed must be easter eggs, (the game is developed by ""The Astronauts"") there was nothing left to do.  I kept wandering around and found out that the path ahead is a circle, an island going nowhere.  Cutscenes repeated, puzzles I completed reappeared, I presumed I was in glitch hell.Then, I skimmed an FAQ and found out what is meant by, ""this game doesn't hold your hand.""  No, I don't need hold handing, but when I complete a puzzle and it doesn't ""finish,"" that is a flaw in the game.  There is an investigation in a churchyard that is ""finished"" when you are able to use the protagonist's metaphysical ability-- yet nothing happens.  I have completed the sequence multiple times and nothing happens but an incomplete ""vision.""I moved on and it was more of the same.  Not realizing it, some of the other puzzles I had, ""failed,"" but there was no notification of this.  Moreover, there was no way to restart certain puzzles.  I'm at the cusp of skipping the frustration of completing the game the ""right"" way and watching a playthrough video instead.This is a shame because the bones of the game are unlike any I have played before.  Had they playtested the game or polished it further it could have been a classic story the likes of the second Silent Hill or Dead Space games.  Hell, I enjoyed Alan Wake for what it was.Spoiler alert: there's an irritating maze with a monster that causes instant death toward the end.  There is more backtracking, too, including a requirement to backtrack at least twice through an area where the character walks in slow motion.  This game should be so good, the environments are fascinating to explore, certain gags like the ""cold boiling"" water were novel, what went wrong?The disappointing ending, plot spoilers:the narrator is supposed to be corny and the astronaut is supposed to be non-sensical because all of it was imagined by a child.  You can tell early on that the protagonist is a ghost, you find out at the end that none of the evil-doers are actually evil-doers, it's just how an imaginitive child fictionalizes his loving family when, on occasion, he is upset with them after being punished or teased.  Kid goes to mountain resort and dies in a fire, that's it.  His family isn't evil, there is no cult, the place isn't abaondoned after all, and the protagonist is a figment of the dead child's imagination."
76561198111066690,Recommended,258520,16538133,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,👌OK👌,"This game is a wonderful, open world game with amazing scenery and graphics. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game where you can expect the unexpected, and emerse yourself in a game that may not make sense at the start but is all reveiled at the end."
,Recommended,258520,12369307,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Lowrater,"10/10!A really great game with a nice story. The Asmopthere is really amazing. Worth every penny. Great job!! On the other hand you should remember the sounds for the small effects. Ect. When the lamp smashes, or anything destroyes. My rate for you guys go to: 10/10"
76561198039463852,Recommended,258520,12286138,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kirkland Langue,"I suppose the worst thing that I can say about this is that I wish there was More of it.Was it the best game I played this week?  Yes.Was it the best game I played this month?  Yes.Was it the best game I played this year? No.Graphics were great - though I wish there was more wildlife.. They really could have brought the game to life with birds, squirrels, cats, maybe some beetles.The game is basically walking around and solving puzzles.  None of the puzzles are particularly difficult - but each puzzle rewards you with a piece of the story.   It's hard to really talk about the game, without giving spoilers, but let's just say that the game is very intelligently written and everything meshes together nicely...  well kinda nicely... well, who am I kidding, it'll leave you with more questions than answers - in a good way.I'll call it an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,258520,12271167,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DeclanJack,OH MY GOD. *dies*
76561198048907013,Recommended,258520,12283144,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,The Dumbest Man,The most beautiful game I've seen in a long time
76561198260005582,Recommended,258520,19638287,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,hollywinther,I really enjoyed this erie mystery style game. The story line was well thought out and not too predicable and the graphics were stunning.
76561198072215601,Recommended,258520,19639038,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BTsanwich,"This is the game I use when I want to show off my PC's capability.  The Redux version looks gorgeous and the Unreal 4 engine makes a huge difference in textures and performance.  Although the game is pretty short (depending on your puzzle solving abilities), the story is well crafted and there are visually stimulating moments throughout the game that make you pull a Keanu Reeves, ""woh""."
,Recommended,258520,19644792,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheGreenJacket,"Oh sweet lord. How do I begin? This game was fantastic. I didn't want this game to end. I binge played it in two nights,  This game was fantastic. I know I already said that but it needed to be stated again. I waited till this game was on sale, but I would happily pay full price for this game, now that I have played it. The game has a very meloncholy and mysterious air to it. The challenges faced in the game are difficult, but fun and interesting. The main character has an amazing voice. Not to mention the graphics. Wow. The graphics on this game are astounding. Simply lovely. I spent ten minutes just staring at the sunset on the lake. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves challenges, puzzles, and mysteries.*SEMI-SPOILERS* /Some might claim the ending is confusing, but for those that pay attention and gather the full details into their thoughts, it makes perfect sense. To be honest I predicted the ending, but that didn't make it any less good!/I want a sequel to this game more than I want world peace. I would sacrifice my first born son in order to have a sequel, but I understand if that isn't possible. In my opinion I felt the game was somewhat short, but when I take into account how fast I solve puzzles, how interested I was in the story, and what the storyline generally consisted of, the amount of time it takes is more than appropriate.Fun 5/5, Graphics 5/5, Maturity 4/5, Play again 5/5. Worth the price: Yes"
,Not Recommended,258520,14522557,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thorens666,"Being a fan of games like Dear Ester, Gone Home, and the likes, I had very high hopes for this game. Alas my disappointment was big. Very.After several annoying bugs I finally got the game to work and was set for a few hours.The atmosphere Red Creek Valley sets is perfect. It looks beautiful, it sounds perfect and your goals and how to find them become clear soon enough.But then the flaws begin to trickle through.Red Creek Valley is big. Too big. All too soon you find yourself searching for a needle in a haystack.Oh, did you miss that? Well, better go back or you won't be able to finish the game!To me, that's not the game's disclaimer ""not holding your hand"", that's developers being to lazy to create something that makes sense as a whole. It's like a world with very few random interactive spots thrown around, to not distract you too much from their beautiful graphics simulator.And when you finally find something to keep you from falling asleep during those long hikes, it's equally boring and unintuitive. Puzzles, if you can call them that, are way to easy and are a mere distraction. And when you are backtracking a story you find yourself running around looking for items like a fool, in places these items would never be. Tedious.As far as the story itself, there are parts that are very creative, and made me regain my interests, and then there are parts that made me go: ""Oh dear."" Especially the ending, which, to be honest, turned an OK story into a pretty silly one.All in all, I would only recommend this game if you could get it in a sale, and want to run around in beautiful Red Creek Valley. Don't bother about the story, though, you'll just get annoyed."
76561198053243606,Not Recommended,258520,15244785,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,UberSloth,"Dull, short and confusing. The save system is also very frustrating. Yes it has nice graphics and can be relaxing to just wander around but not enough content or direction to keep me intersted. No replay value at all."
,Recommended,258520,13709902,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Brokett,Better than Gone Home.
76561198047228862,Recommended,258520,18575150,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Freelance Stalker,"When mixing the american mountain atomesphere and a family death mistery with a series of supernatural occurances, a Wanderer can't help but ask himself, how is he tied in to all of it, and does one need to go trough all the challenges to find out the whole secret of the story in the end."
76561198249621894,Recommended,258520,27969024,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Devil Dog 8854,This is a very good game!! It only takes about 1 to 1 1/2 hrs to complete but I liked to so much I played it 6 times!!!
,Recommended,258520,14078697,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Jendar,"The Vanishingis basically what happens when the developers of a visual novel decide to make stress on the 'visual' part. The game's surroundings are relatively small but almost any inch of the landscape can be a spot for a lovely screenshot. That part is adorable and the environment is very picturesque.Unlike many other visual novels, this one has a first-person view and freedom of action. It involves you into the game's world yet more. Seeing a path is one thing, walking it yourself is quite another. Moving around slowly and quietly, exploring, pondering over matters, watching for details that need attention - and that's all as if you were there. Nothing threatens you. Nothing disturbs you. You have all the time in the world to go where you want to go and see what you would like to see. My explorer's nature was deeply satisfied.The plot is curious. I won't say that it's entirely original - the basic idea around which all the events circle has already been seen in a certain game, - but it certainly doesn't mean that you will easily understand everything from the very first minute. There will be no instructions on where to go and what to do next, no maps, no journals with careful recordings of each step. If you want to rebuild the story then use your memory and look for hints in what you have already seen.The bad part of it is that the game is painfully and heartbreakingly short. 4 hours of gameplay is the best you can get from it, and it generally looks more like an exercise in game building - like, ""look what we could do with the engine"". I was feeling like the developers had initially planned something bigger and more complicated but circumstances forced them to cut their ambitions short.Small amount of gameplay time is in part based upon the lack of real content. The protagonist has come to the area for investigation but in fact he hardly investigates anything. When he actually does, the solution is often ridiculously simple, as if the game creators didn't want to bother their players with too much of intellectual business. It becomes more and more obvious as you progress towards the end of the game, and it often feels like the developers were getting tired of their product and were trying to get it finished as soon as possible.You will like it if you are fond of walking meditatively around an area and exploring. For a couple of hours you will be living in a beautiful place with a touch of weird mystery about it.You might also like it if you prefer visual novels and if you don't mind composing a story out of bits and pieces instead of following a predefined storyline.If you want to feel like a detective who tries to solve a number of challenging cases, you will probably be disappointed."
76561198011268881,Not Recommended,258520,20461253,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Embarking Truce,haven't been able to play this game yet...installed and errors out after you push PLAY...Joke.
,Recommended,258520,13929814,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr.Gold,"Bottom line is, beautifull game that runs smoothly. Not worth 20€. Wait for a Steam sale. It is a good game but short as hell and with not much replayability."
76561197995099188,Not Recommended,258520,15869468,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,unficyp,Lack of manual saving destroys all....
76561198158239015,Not Recommended,258520,14518694,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,timzy77,"I do not recommend this game at all, i would give it 9/10 for graphics, as for a game, if you wish to run around for hours on end with no clue what to do then be my guest, when you do eventually find someone and piece the clues together, it seems to tell a good story until the end of that clue plotline, then it is 'lets run around for hours on end to try find the next clue. Really boring rubbish game which does not help you one bit on how to play it and alsok no directions of where to go next, plus its an open world game, so if you wish to hunt for small needles in a giant haystack then this may be your thing. For me all the game needed was instructions and just a little bit of direction, it did not have this and i dont partically like googling a walkthough as i find that is cheating, but the only option to finish this game is to do this, so im sorry only 1/10 as a game from me, appallingly boring and i like adventure games."
,Not Recommended,258520,16395837,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SkyDream,"This game is at the same time deceiving but worth playing. Let's start with the positive sides; it has really nice graphics, interesting game mechanics and a very original story.This game has a huge potential. On the other hand the short time you spend playing this game is in my opinion not fair regarding the price (I took 5 hours to complete the game even though I struggled at certain points) and the end felt slightly rushed.As a conclusion i would say that this game is a piece of art, but a very expensive piece of art. I would recommend to only grab it on sales :)."
76561197980779172,Recommended,258520,30105300,Posted: 22 February,all,ManJuiceD,"This game is a gem! I absolutely loved it! The mystery, the murders, the story and of course, the graphics! The surroundings are astonishing, beautiful and at times breathtaking. But what really made me love the game was the mystery. The detective in me were thrilled playing this game and the more you uncover, the more you want to progress. The game is a big mystery and the most exciting thing is that you are on your own! The game never holds your hand and you, alone, must uncover the truth! The whole uncertainty of what you are getting yourself into is the beauty of it all.This is not an action game. This is a game where you are a man seeking to uncover the truth about The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter, and believe me, he needs your help.I played the Redux version on the highest graphics possible and I wholeheartedly suggest you do the same."
,Recommended,258520,28511129,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tity Boy,"Great story and immersive gameplay. However, it is very short and can be completed in about 3 hours. The game does feature elements of various genres such as horror and fantasy, which is keeps it interesting throughout."
,Recommended,258520,12394034,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,*PALE CROW*,"as my first reviewas a person who alwayes dislike indie devolpmenthere i say for the first timethis is a game that deserve each dollars i spent onwhy? well for such indie game with such smooth and rich graphics that high AAA devs cant beati really support you from now onthe game tells a story about a detactive that recived alot of letters from a child called ethan...these letters hint to somthing strange is happining.gameplay is simple,most of it is doing puzzels.and solving stranges events scattred around youthe game will stunn you by its visuals and audioi highly recomnde it"
,Recommended,258520,24547842,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lobo,"When I realized of the great revelation in the ending chapter of ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"", I almost burst to tears, not only for the deep amount of sadness and melancholy of knowing the unexpected truth, but also of how beautifuly this story had been told, the acts and misteries along the tracking of the missing boy. Of how the story unfolds itself through the eyes of the detective Paul Prospero, as he tries to find 12-years-old Ethan Carter by following the clues written on the letter by the kid. Is he still alive?This was, no fear to admite it, one of the most shocking, powerful and memorable experiences ever achieved in a videogame. More than a game, this was... a emotional healing scar,"
,Recommended,258520,12738841,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zombie_Chan,Do you want a game that is about the story and solving puzzles. Then this game is for you.
76561198023941716,Recommended,258520,12578942,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Master KnyteShade,Fantastic Game And 10/10 For Gaphics And Everyting Else. Great Calming And Relaxing Music...No Need To Rush About Like You Do In Most Games!!! Only Thing You Need In This Game Is A Map Because You Can Get Abit Lost Especially In The Mines!!!
,Recommended,258520,13263464,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Thorazine,♥♥♥♥♥my pants seeing a dead guy10/10would♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,258520,23995644,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,c-pin,"jimquisition said this was good. me? i hated it.pros: theres a lot of walkinggreat environmentambient soundtrackcons: i have to actually thinkhigh-budget slendermanachievement farm sidequestschasing an astronautpuzzles that i have to look up the answers to so i can get on with the gods-forsaken gameoverall: if you're looking for a puzzle game, or if you think you're cool because it's not a relaxing and easy game, here you go.if you want a basic walking simulator with no thrilling detective slenderman gameplay or brain teasers, i wouldn't recommend this. go play beyond eyes to get a real walking simulator experience.still recommended because it is a decent game. but it is definitely not your daddy's walking sim."
76561198001854882,Recommended,258520,12420918,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Stranger,"This is a very pretty game and reasonably interesting to play. You play as a Constantine type character who has to sort out a supernatural mystery. It's got a few simple puzzles and very high quality graphics. There are some gruesome crime scenes and occult themes that tie the dreamlike events of the game together. There's not much of a focus on fighting or survival. Buy this if you liked Amnesia or Outlast, don't buy it if you get bored by games that try to give you a pure ""experience""."
76561198032428884,Not Recommended,258520,13325305,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Saitama (sake343),"The developer will NOT help you solve any technical problemsI can not even install this game. I posted 2 threads asking for assistance, these were casually deleted and in the developer forum stated they would be ""moved"" in 1 or 2 days (this was 11/22/2014...still not ""moved"").I have been very patient, but don't waste your time with a bad developer that doesn't care.Problem signature:Problem Event Name:	CLR20r3Problem Signature 01:	launcher.exeProblem Signature 02:	1.0.0.0Problem Signature 03:	542979a5Problem Signature 04:	mscorlibProblem Signature 05:	4.0.30319.18444Problem Signature 06:	52717edcProblem Signature 07:	442aProblem Signature 08:	105Problem Signature 09:	System.IO.DirectoryNotFoundOS Version:	6.1.7601.2.1.0.256.1Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	0a9eAdditional Information 2:	0a9e372d3b4ad19135b953a78882e789Additional Information 3:	0a9eAdditional Information 4:	0a9e372d3b4ad19135b953a78882e789"
,Not Recommended,258520,13503943,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Typhoid,MINIMUM:OS: WindowsXP SP3 or higherProcessor: Intel Core2 Duo or equivalent AMDMemory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: DirectX9c compliant card with 512MB of VRAMDirectX: Version 9.0cHard Drive: 9 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectX9c compliantHmmmm where does it say reqwuire a 64bit operating system??
,Not Recommended,258520,13537713,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Antagonist,"Well after buying this game while it was on sale and playing it, all I can is ""ehhh it's ok for the right price,"" I was personally disappointed with itpros:1.Some of the best graphics I have ever seen in any game ever2.Certain people had problems with the ending, but I actually thought it was very well donecons:1.The save system...it's horrible, it doesn't allow you to manually save your game for some reason...if this was intentional then it backfired2.One of the puzzles in this game is just trial and error...it was very frustrating and hurt the game3.The mines were a bad addition to the game, it took the player out of this incredible world and threw them into this dark and bland place4.Probably the most pointed out flaw by many people: the game length, it was pretty short, my time spent say's six hours, but I spent 1 hour afk, so it took me about five hours to beat the game, and that was me taking my time5.Has practically no replay valueOverall, I think this game could have been much better, it just felt like a disappointment to me"
,Not Recommended,258520,17397270,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,meowmento mori,"The ending was generic, boring, and uninspired, ruining everything the game had going for it. The game's tendency to force you to backtrack long distances repeatedly doesn't help, either."
,Not Recommended,258520,17345367,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,4v4,"It's pretty, very pretty, but that's the only good thing about this game. The game mechanics are not properly introduced, so you end up having to read walkthroughs just to figure out how to play, by which point you may have skipped one or two puzzles already and have to backtrack on foot. The half baked save system is checkpoint based, and the checkpoints only keep track of completed puzzles, if you quit or run out of the puzzle area before completing the puzzle you have to redo the same damn puzzle from the beginning. Took me about five hours to finish this game, probably spent over half that time just running across the landscape, because that's the only way to get anywhere. There's no quick travel system of any kind until you get to the end of the game, and even then it's only one way travel.This game is not worth anywhere near full price, and it's not worth the sale price I bought it at (66% off)."
76561198035729836,Not Recommended,258520,17778263,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,erichleos,"Not for me, puzzles are fun but games plays too slow for me."
,Not Recommended,258520,19045810,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Vern,"The game is pretty, namely all the photorealistic textures. The game has really good music. The scene that is set is pretty spooky. But the plot and gameplay leaves alot to be desired. The plot is total garbage. I wish this whole thing didn't come down to such a goofy♥♥♥♥♥story. The game becomes way less immersive and scary once you start to put together the pieces of what's happening in the story and alot of the mechanics that reveal the story plots are repetitive and require little to no interaction from the player."
76561198079761825,Not Recommended,258520,21503664,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,m.scrimgeour,"Without the help of the walkthrough, I would have given up early. There was no explanation such as having to go back to a body several times as the discoveries mount. Also, I may not have a powerful enough game card on my laptop and my mouse cursor could not keep up with the hand movement - constant over correcting. I could not complete one challenge  because I could not keep up with the astronaut, thus I could not get the final scene of the game. Yes, as other reviews have stated, the scenery is beautiful, but there is a lot of fruitless walking around for very little discovery.Most  puzzles are not challenging once you know the formula, but the scenario is unique. A very inexpensive puzzle game and you are getting exactly what you have paid for."
76561197984838122,Not Recommended,258520,13357994,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,nbarsotti,"I really wanted to like this game, but its waaaay too subtle.  There is 0% chance I would have finished this game without a walkthrough.  I spend my first 1:30 hours walking around trying to figure out what I was supposed to be doing.  Gorgeous scenery and fun to look around, but the world is way too big with nothing going on unless you know exactly what to look for."
,Not Recommended,258520,16497022,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,maritjuhh,"The game reminds me of eating a whole cake:It's wonderfull!... untill you start getting nauseous.I can't tell exactly how, but something in the camera movement made me Literaly sick :(Realy sad, because it's truely beautiful, and interesting."
,Not Recommended,258520,13169393,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mistercake,Beatiful environments don't make up for the short and uninteresting story or the walking simulator gameplay.
,Recommended,258520,20101388,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fleagirl,Family Fued: Murder Edition!Excellent murder mystery with a twist. I really enjoyed this game and pretty much beat it in one setting. It's not a very long game so that's easy to do.I wish there was a map you could use in game. That would be helpful. Also remove the Miner for the love of god just please remove the Miner.
76561198030030425,Recommended,258520,25138304,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,This game have one of the most beautiful grafics i ever see 0_o
76561198001273577,Not Recommended,258520,14439082,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Greg,boring
,Not Recommended,258520,14493099,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Grizzles,A few parts of the story do not make sense and the ending was awful. A couple tedious puzzles with lots of walking if you missed one thing at the begining of the game.Overall it was a sub-par game with a story that left much to be desired. Do not recommend.
76561197985076647,Not Recommended,258520,15177251,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Special Horse Master,Weak story...weak characters... its just a fancy running simulator.
,Not Recommended,258520,16546904,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ultrazaero,"This game did not deliver for me.Graphics are GREAT, sightseeing is awesome here, but storywise it's a big downer in my opinion. Maybe it's my fault because I was expecting a Silent Hill/Alan Wake-y vibe to this game, but I really missed a 'menacing atmosphere' when solving murders, amongst other things.Except for the jumpscare area, that is.If you're a fan of environmental games like Dear Esther, amongst things, but feel like you were missing a little extra actual involvement, then this might be a good game for you! If you're expecting a horror mystery, then you really shouldn't buy this game.It's an exploration game, where you enjoy good graphics and explore to solve murders, but without any danger or any menacing atmosphere."
76561198000299966,Not Recommended,258520,14436972,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,moggy99,"Game crashes frequently when ""sensing"" object. Unplayable."
76561197969580472,Not Recommended,258520,14438591,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,MadMax1998,"My girlfriend and I went through this game in one sitting, which took us about four hours. We used a walkthrough to guide us through portions of the game, so that might mean we lost an hour or two - but I don't feel that these additional hours would have been well spent. The biggest mistake this game makes is giving you repetitive searching and fetching tasks, some of which are just overly tedious and out of place in a game that is so focused on telling a story. I don't want to search for a little bloody rock hidden behind high leaves of grass to advance the plot or wander through a maze looking for five identical corpses so I can open a cryptic puzzle. No, this puzzling and combing of the vast landscape this game has to offer was not fun at all. The developers seem not to understand how to create gameplay that engages instead of distracting from the story. In a game that exists primarily to tell that story, I would actually expect less involved gameplay, so if I (as a ""core"" gamer of many genres) am faced with an attempt to challenge my gaming skills, I want this challenge to be fun and the opposite of tedious and grinding, but the latter is what this game offers and not much else besides the story.So is the STORY any good? Without spoiling anything, I have to say my girlfriend (who cares deeply about well-written stories) and I were both surprised at how it ended, but that ending made the whole endavour kind of pointless and just threw up more questions than answers. It's basically just a story of supernatural powers and multiple murders; you use the former to solve the latter nine times throughout this game, piecing together what happened to this Ethan Carter boy. But the end result just seems to invalidate it all and makes the supernatural aspect, which I highly disliked from the start, even more ambiguous.Dammit, if you write a story for a game soley to tell that story, then please make it a GOOD one that I can actually grasp and follow, and that is BELIEVABLE most of all! And if you start your game off saying ""this game does not hold your hand"" (which is rare these days and usually a good thing!), then make sure I understand how to play it because when I spend the first fifteen minutes wandering around aimlessly and have to consult a walkthrough to understand the mechanics, you've done something wrong by game design standards.I had heard only good things about this game and while I don't want to say that I regret the 10 bucks I paid for it on sale, I do wish that all the positive press and personal recommendations had actually held true in the end. I fail to see how so many people love the game when there is not much here that would make it that great.Pros:- well utilized Unreal Engine 3 with very convincing architecture and landscape- free roaming ""open world"" gameplay makes for great immersion- good music and convincing voice actingCons:- occasional stutters while otherwise perfectly fluid- puzzles are rarely easily apparent and require lots of searching/trial and error- story itself is not very good (personal preference) and illogical at times- this game is more of an artistic showcase than a well presented storyBuy if you liked Dear Esther and other more artsy, mysterious games that move away from traditional routes. Be prepared to do some tedious *very much traditional* puzzling and searching. Keep a guide handy to enjoy more of the actual story. Go in with low expectations."
76561198145760071,Not Recommended,258520,14669456,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,lizzy,"Sadly, I'm unable to give a review on the game itself as I've had lots of issues getting the game to run properly. I solved one issue with it not starting at all by disabling the anti-aliasing, but the movement is stuttery and every now and then the game crashes to a black screen. Have tried on both my laptop and a reasonable spec PC with the same issues. Great shame. And you won't get any support from the developers."
,Not Recommended,258520,15209090,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,RainyDay,"Game won't start.If you check the forums on Steam you'll see this is a very common problem and yet the developers won't answer to customer support mail.I recommend you check it runs on your system before you even consider buying it.Then again, it might not even be good. I've no idea, it won't start.EDIT---It now works, no idea why. Unfortunately, my veredict remains the same, I do not recommend this game. It's pretty, yes, but ultimately it's a somewhat boring hidden object game, with some of the most easy yet long and dull puzzles I've ever come across."
76561198032943398,Not Recommended,258520,15282991,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,trickster77,"Dull, sparse, empty, lots of boring wandering, very frustrating autosaving meaning you waste a lot of time which is lost.Maybe I should steer clear of minimalist, dull, 'fashionable' stuff like this and Gone Home"
,Not Recommended,258520,15324466,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,kogi-san,Came into with high hopes but was met with an incoherent story. Maybe this isn't my kind of game but it just got frustratingly boring just wondering around and only finding little tidbits of a messy story I really had zero reason to care about.I am all for creative ways of story telling but this was a complete flop for me.
76561198119838952,Not Recommended,258520,15560894,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Misamet,"The complete lack of a sensible way to save wrecks this thing.You don't want an hour of exploring the game to just waste away because of an ambiguous autosave system, no matter how pretty the landscapes."
,Not Recommended,258520,16400227,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gelunox,"Replay value of this game is not very high as far as I'm concerned. And it definitely isn't worth the price if you look at hourly value. Bought this during the summersale for €6.45, which is definitely a better price than the €19 it sells for normally but still a bit high for 4 hours of gameplay by my standardsOther than that it's a fantastic story with really nice graphics. It had my hairs standing up straight for most of the time. It's really well done. But it just isn't worth the price they're asking for it."
,Not Recommended,258520,16494716,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Elias,"This game is beautifull, environment, characters, cutscenes, everything!Can't believe how flawless this game looks and sadley enough, that's the only thing the game has going for it.The gameplay is almost non existent. You play as a detective solving a case, which sounds fun, but really isn't.It took me 5 hours to beat the game, which isn't much but I don't mind since the game is so cheap, BUT:this includes 1 hour of bumping into invisible walls. 3 hours of hiking to find clues, putting back items orwalking across the entire map because you forgot something (they couldn't bother giving the player a simple quick travel method).And the remaining 1 hour is gameplay, but this isn't even fun since the actual gameplay and puzzles are very easy when you understand the mechanics of the game. They fool you into thinking the puzzles are hard or clever by making you walk a lot until you bumb into a clue."
76561197998370495,Not Recommended,258520,16513081,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ratatoing,"It was visually stunning, but to me it felt like this game didn't know what it wanted to be. Even when the mystery started unraveling and I thought it could have an interesting plot, or that I was about to do something fun and interesting, the game took it away from me and gave an unsurprising, boring, safe ending. A lot of work for not a lot of payoff.Gameplay wise, the puzzles are far too simple, but if you miss one part you'll spend ages trying to figure out what went wrong. Skipped or didn't notice a puzzle? You find out at the end you'll need to walk all the way back and solve it. I had no idea there was going to be a horror maze in the middle that was required to see a cutscene that was irrelevant to the end of the game.I liked Dear Esther and Gone Home (similar in that they're creepy, long, lonely walks through a pretty environment), but wasn't a big fan of this. In theory, it's really cool. But in practice... maybe watch someone play it online?"
76561198139271091,Not Recommended,258520,16536624,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,vailima750,"This game is 90% story, 10% puzzle and atmospheric. The atmosphere is done very very well, and the story is engaging and entertaining, and does a great job of making the puzzles part of the story.  There are definitely parts where I slowed down and just appreciated the music and well-made scenery and lighting.  **From here I state my dislikes, which may be spoilers if you are going to play the game**  But I can say that the ending to the game made the rest of it not worth it. It's incongruent and feels very rushed. It's not a twist or exciting, it just feels like they couldn't come up with a proper ending to the game.  Classic noir, and that's why most of those movies don't hold up.  The good ones were good because they didn't follow this silly formula."
76561198001221838,Not Recommended,258520,16637898,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jash,"A slow paced game with mostly poor visuals that requires lots (and lots) of backtracking. It's poorly written enough that you can't stay engaged even when you want to. The ending is a huge disappointment. Don't bother playing this, watch a let's play or similar."
,Not Recommended,258520,17146539,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Resorb Nô,"This is quite a beautiful game, but it was not as interresting as I expected. The ""puzzles"" (except one or two) basicaly require the player to look around to find all the points of interests. The story seemed promising at first and  some scenes are very cool, but it was disappointing to me overall, especially the ending which I thought didn't match with the feelings given by rest of the story.Not that bad a game, but I certainly cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,258520,17147736,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Gaydorado,The save system is simply wrong. I will update my review once it's updated.
,Recommended,258520,13517218,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,I am lonely send help,"Ah yes, the vanishing of Ethan Carter. A game of which I've been waiting to be announced, much less come out. The first time I ever heard anything about this game was in a series of gifs found on 9gag. Turns out that it was a supposed game, with scant knowledge of how the game would play, or what the story would be about other than it was supposed to be in first person. I tried to find out more about it for a while, but eventually puhed it to the back of my mind. Low and behold the Steam sale rolls around and this is on it. I had no knowledge that the game was even confirmed, much less out. So it was good to see it.To sum this game up in one word ""Forbidding"". This game always gives the feeling that something is about to come out and maul you, but I won't go into any spoilers. It's interesting how you see through the eyes of a detective, and how you are left to your own divices to continue on. To be honest though, The areas from where you start, from the between areas, and the end are very linnear. Gives you the feeling that there isn't much room to miss anything veven if you think did, so that whole thing with no handholding feels a bit untrue.The game itself is one of the best looking games I've ever played or seen. It gives an atmosphere that rivals my expectation for the Witcher 3. Some would put this game on the ""Horror"" genre, and in that case I owuld have a hard time arguing with them, the game itself has suck a sharp and refined atmosphere that like I said before ""makes you feel like something is about to come out and maul you"". A constant sense of danger, even when I knew that there probably wasn't a ""Game Over"" screen in the game's code.For anyone looking to get away from the♥♥♥♥♥♥storm that is the current gaming market, pick this one up. It's a worthy addition to any library, and deserves a good playthrough. Which btw, the game's a bit small, but not so much that it's not worth the price. $20.00 is a perfect pricing for this game, fair and just."
76561198006694956,Recommended,258520,16682063,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,yuirick,"This game is hands down amazing. I played for four hours, but it had the intensity of 8. The story grips you, the mechanics flow, the visuals stun you and the audio makes your hands stand on end in dread or in awe... Okay, perhaps slighty exaggerated, but whatever, it's awesome!This game does come with some cons though.- It's very short. If I hadn't gotten this on 50% sale, I'd been dissapointed - though a good 9 seems to be a fair price to me.- The ending is a plot twist, mostly because of how cliche it is. I didn't like it at all, and I'd definitely like to rant about it, but that would spoil it. It drew similarities to a Twillight plot device, along with plot devices used by all sorts of rookie storytellers, let's put it like that. Luckily, this 'end' lasts about 5 minutes tops, so it's not great loss. Note: The end does make sense though, and does tie all the loose ends together - and even then I'd still think it better had the loose ends not been tied up.- In the beginning, it said it wouldn't hold my hands, so I thought the game would be difficult. It wasn't. It wasn't at all. At least not to me. I see others disagreeing with me, saying you 'might miss something', and granted, I didn't get 100% of all achievements... But I don't see where they're coming from. Then again, I love mystery games and PoC games, so that might be why.I can't think of any other con, so yea. It rocked. Big time. =)"
,Recommended,258520,13534272,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lexy,Great game looks great tooo
,Recommended,258520,20491350,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Papinet,"Thanks for th is game ""The Astronauts"", I have just completed it and I was simply out of words at its end. Very envelopping ambiance with a a strong intriguing story."
,Recommended,258520,16047246,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,KindlyHaddock,"Played this in 4K, burned down a house but it's so pretty I don't care anymore (11/10)"
,Recommended,258520,14439852,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,heh,"It's a very short game but it's also a great piece of art with superb atmosphere, graphics, gameplay.8.5/10 it's a solid mystery game that's just fun to play."
76561198073202668,Not Recommended,258520,26557175,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Schmall child,"This game could have a bike in it. Just sayin. One bike.The story is alright I didn't enjoy it so much.  The gameplay is a sequence of getting to a place(walk?) see some interesting things, maybe collect some item and figuring out what happened in a pretty cool way. Some puzzles doesn't feel rewarding and I hate one in particular...Game is short, if you don't miss things early on in the game like I i did and having to ..ahem walk back to the beginning I suppose its 2.5 hrs-ish. One small advice: things are completed in each area, there's no waiting to find some vital clue later on then coming at the earlier area to solve things.IF you like narrative experience, various puzzles, and is okay with finding stuff (swear to god I could never find somethings without looking it up) this game is alright.  a 6/10."
,Recommended,258520,28690643,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,OCX,The atmospheric is surreal. Especially when walking into the forest. Feel like the forest is consuming me. The story is also very neat and the ending solves everthing.
,Recommended,258520,28646162,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BinaryProgrammer,"Very story driven. Beautiful graphics, beautiful game. Wonderful experiance."
76561198090443539,Recommended,258520,21538975,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HakunaMatata,Creative crime sloving with dreamy looks ..... Had to choose weither i play the redux or orginal version ..... played both :D
,Recommended,258520,22449205,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,frozeniuS,"This game is utterly amazing, I would recommend this at any time of my playing experience.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an exploration game where you can roam the lands and find out the story behind Ethan Carter.Pros:The best graphics I have ever seen.Great gameplay.Amazing narratation.Cons:One area which is difficult to complete.That's all of the cons.I love this game and I have played trough the whole chunk of it, it might not be the longest game but, it's a great experience I would recommend for other gamers aswell.Frozen"
,Recommended,258520,29952747,Posted: 15 February,all,Osaris Games,Great game
,Recommended,258520,30047015,Posted: 19 February,all,「Scαя∠єт」,"The game is pretty good from the technical point of view. Interesting concept of photogrammetry results with some stunning visuals in the game (especially Redux version). I had some major issues with gamma/black levels in the textures, which almost broke the game a few times (about 2 or 3). I event searched the internet for some kind of mods to fix it, so can could enjoy the plot some more.Second con this game has (apart from being a bit too short) is the fact that you don't have to explore much. There is only one thing you need to look for off-route, and it's only needed for an extra achievement. Other than that you should just stay on the main path and not waste your time lurking under every stone. I did that, there is nothing to find.Other than that, the game is great and you should play it."
,Recommended,258520,15232186,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Gizbramz4952,It's very reminicent of Myst (from the Windows 95 era).> Graphically the character models are lacking and I would have prefered to see photographs of real people in the same way that the scenery was created.
,Recommended,258520,18606659,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gorilla,This game is a masterpiece.
76561197993349383,Not Recommended,258520,21115774,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Marmosette Larynx,"Really didn't find this one very enjoyable.Perhaps it would have hurt the narrative device of the game mechanic, but I really feel like this game needed a tutorial. The mechanisms for triggering exposition was just not clear enough for me. A little bit of nudging would have been really nice.Wonderful visually, and a really great mechanic for story telling, but overall just seemed empty for such a lush environment.The narrative moments are few and far between, but comprise the ENTIRE game. Aside from the...what...10 moments of plot, the entire game is walking down paths that do not serve the plot or illuminate much of anything going on.And I do get tired of story telling that keeps me wondering, wondering, wondering what could possibly be going on!!? only to find in the end that ....oh.... it was that... the whole time.... cute....Great as a study of plot delivery in games. Not much fun as an experience for a player."
,Recommended,258520,12609212,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kosmosis,"I would highly recommend this game for anyone that loves a story.The world looks beautiful, the music IS beautiful and it all draws you into the game.I was completely immersed when playing The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter.It took around four hours to complete so it's not the longest game but because of the work that seems to have gone into it, I would say it's worth every penny!Play this game!"
,Recommended,258520,13562643,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mermorte,Good :)
,Recommended,258520,13559426,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SteveHex,Those grafics!
,Recommended,258520,13588998,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Eating yo girl's dick like cake,I liked it but thought the game was too short.
,Recommended,258520,26367433,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Cyril,"This is a pretty good experience, or at the very least, I enjoyed it. The game doesn't really ever give you an explicit tutorial on anything but keeps things simple enough that you can figure out most everything on your own pretty easily. And it doesn't teach you that you can make as much progress in the game world as you want while missing the story, but it's something you'd pick up on if you kept walking and felt like nothing was happening, because stuff is generally always happening, there is actually not a large amount of transitional time between the main ""scenes"" of the game. The game looks and sounds gorgeous of course and even though the path is decisively linear, with a few fake branching paths and a few places off to the side of the main path, it's still enjoyable to explore. And the story is pretty interesting, kind of unsettling but not really ""scary"". The only real flaw in this game is the stupid divergeance into cheap jumpscare territory in one side area, where you're all but guaranteed to get jumped by the miner guy at least once. It's just, completely out of place and running around the bland cave area looking for bodies while trying to avoid this threat is just not what this game is about. I like the murder mysteries throughout the story, even if only the first one poses any real challenge whatsoever. The game is a bit short though, only about 4 hours to complete the first time and I ended up replaying through it quickly on the original version since the redux doesn't have a store page and I wanted to write a review. I wouldn't recommend it for full price, but on sale, certainly worth looking into. So yeah. Enjoyable enough game with a solid plot. Oh and it's a walking simulator where you can run, so, that's nice."
,Recommended,258520,13646116,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fusou,took me a bit over  3 hours to finishgraphics are amazing i just kept making screenshotsgameplay is investigative slow paced take your time to exploreStory is pretty good8/10
,Recommended,258520,21357126,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"This is a game with a captivating story that is fun to play when you have a guide. The reason I say with a guide is that this game literally does not provide any help whatsoever on what to do in this world. There is no map (except at the end! Lol!), no tutorial, no help/hint system,  no indicator arrows, etc. The map is truly open and you can go in any direction you want. The voiceover is used only for the story and provides no help on what to do next.The scenery and music is beautiful. I enjoyed walking around this world and unraveling the story. It really does have a nice atmosphere to it. I considered only one part of the game scary. The rest of it I considered light and mysterious (although it tries to be dark, but how can you be scared/dark in such beautiful surroundings! :) ).I actually spent 6.4 hours (6.2 redux and 0.2 original) on this game in total, but it is not reflected in my stats because I played the redux version for the majority of the time. I found it better than the original in its graphics and save system. Also, this 6.4 hours was me running around the world enjoying the scenery and not knowing exactly what to do (I tried not to use the guide as much as possible). The actual game time is around 4 hours including getting all the achievements."
76561198030942079,Recommended,258520,16820855,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Babbity Puss (Mr.Fox),"I love this game. This was my childhood on Vancouver Island, exploring and adventuring through forests, beaches, streams, rocky cliffs, rail lines, etc. Played it through in one shot, taking tplenty of time to stop and appreciate all the fantastic textures and gorgeous scenery. Great story. The only aspect I did not like was that it ended.I'd love to see more of this quality from this dev. Amazing."
76561197970320868,Recommended,258520,13861102,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,sizer99,"I'm a photographer - this is the only unmodded game I've actually spent time setting shots up like I would on a real photo shoot. It's gorgeous.  (Skyrim with mods also).After that, it tells you right up front it's a narrative without handholding.  You will get no 'next item' markers telling you where to go. But it's not actively hiding anything from you, where you have to pixel hunt. If you get near something it'll pop up a prompt - just cover the area and you'll be fine.The puzzles are fairly decent, the narrative's great (when you piece it together) and the horror's even better since most of the game takes place in broad daylight. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,258520,13830965,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Zak,"""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is a masterfully crafted and very beautiful game - but certainly not one for everybody.If you are looking for a game with tons of action, loads of weapons, and hundreds of tasks and missions, then ""Ethan Carter"" is not for you.There is almost no action, and there are no weapons. And there is actually very little to do, except following the story (which isn't always easy, as the game does not tell you where to go and what to do) and solving fairly easy puzzles.Also, it's quite short. I finished it in some 5 hours, without the help of any tutorials (but with the help of a friend).And still, for me, it is one of my absolute gaming highlights in 2014. The graphics are simply the best I've ever seen in a game, the story is masterfully crafted, and the end has me thinking about it long after I finished the game. Hats off to The Astronauts for this masterpiece.For everyone who sees computer games not just as entertainment, but also as an art form, ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is a must-have, plain and simple."
,Recommended,258520,32532635,Posted: 18 June,all,watworlditis,"Stuggle to recommend this game actually. At first, before getting familiar with the game's feature, I kinda lost in the game. But after the storyline become clearer afterward, this could still count as an interesting game. Too bad I have to spend a lot of time wondering in the same places, because I don't know where is the next location. A little map maybe helpful, but, nah, it's just my opinion."
76561198208776448,Recommended,258520,26617165,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,XDSNAAKSXD,what a beautiful game. simply amazing.
,Recommended,258520,24432063,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DocCovington,"It's been a year since I first played this game and I am still in love with it. Unlike any other game, this stunningly unique piece of art will have you in awe. Beautiful graphics, simple controls, a tense atmosphere and, most importantly, an emotionally and psychologically engulfing story -- absolutely worth your time. Goosebump guarantee!And without spoiling too much, I would like to have a quick word with those of you who claim that the ending makes ""any analysis of lines of dialogue, narrative, and story telling null and void"": You obviously don't understand much about human psychology. Everything you experienced in the course of the storydoesmatter. It is a display of human relationships and emotions, of pain and abuse, of how a child feels under certain circumstances within the boundaries of their family and expresses their feelings and finds a way to vent in order to escape said pain. Ultimately, the tragedy unfolding before your eyes explainseverythingyou saw, heard and felt prior during the course of the story. The mystery part is just a nice bonus to it all. If you aren't capable of understanding nor feeling that, then you must be quite an unempathic human being and this game is not meant for you."
,Not Recommended,258520,22131711,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,sambeckett,Don't make me buy a patch for VR!
,Recommended,258520,18389862,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ColdVoid,I cant tell if im dreaming or not.
,Not Recommended,258520,29019698,Posted: 4 January,all,Gustavo,"Bah. Super disappointed. And surprisingly  disappointed.The game has a cool gameplay. It promisses to take you into an interesting method of investigation, with this paranormal sense and stuff, but in the end, before you start to get really excited about the story, it ends, and worse than all......IT WAS ALL THE BOY'S FANTASY!Oh! C'mon, guys! The ""it was all a dream"" stuff is super disappointing.I was going to recommend this to all my friends in the beginning.But then... Oh god, I'm so sad about this game right now..."
,Recommended,258520,24759555,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Galious,Pros:- nice graphics and ambianceCons:- a bit short (3-4h to complete)- you never meet a human being (except in the flashbacks)- there is no use in trying to unravel the mystery by using the clues you find (there is a story twist at the end)I think it is worth buying if it is around 3 €/$.
,Recommended,258520,12245082,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,quetzaquotl,"I played this game on VR, and I have to say, it´s one of the best VR titles, I have ever seen.There is so much room to explore, such a realistic grafic, that I could not stop wandering around like I would, if I am on vacations in the real world.Highly recommendet, if you are - like me  - immune agains motion sickness ;-)"
76561198141890675,Recommended,258520,20311771,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,seanwc101,"If you love to walk slowly to enjoy breathtaking sceneries, this is probably a game that you'll enjoy. Every places look beautiful in this game. The only cons I can think of is the save system. The checkpoint gap is too big and can be confusing at times."
,Recommended,258520,14808901,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,OhMySnowball,"Pros:Mesmerizing graphics and sceneryLevel of detailMeaningful themes & motifsInteractive storiesCons:""Unexpected shock"" for an adventure gameToo shortWould have liked multiple endings based on decisions (my opinion)Linear"
76561198006358574,Recommended,258520,26344577,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Name Lips,"I played the ""redux"" version but it wouldn't let me write a review there.Anyway, the best parts of this game are the story, the atmosphere, and the graphics.It's hard to say much about the story without giving anything away, but I found it interesting and compelling and wanted to complete it.The graphics are extraordinary (again, I played the Redux version, so I don't know what they were like beforehand). I've played games with much worse graphics ran much worse. I'm not sure how they did it, but the environments, in many cases, felt almost real. Photorealistic might be an overstatement, but not much of one. The lighting and sweeping vistas and beautiful forests and landscapes... all amazing.The atmosphere is great. Spooky, creepy, lonely, but with a feeling that this was once a living place with a real history. Even though not all of that history is written out and explored, you FEEL like it's there.There is no way to view a map or your inventory. While the inventory would have been silly (most items are used within eyesight of where you found them), I wanted a map several times, or some way to quick-travel to locations. I know, I know, that would have ruined the atmosphere I just praised. But when I realized I had missed 2 puzzles early on, and had no choice but to wander slowly back to them from the very end of the game, it was frustrating.Sadly the puzzles were one of the weakest parts of the game. Solving the murders was interesting, but frequently turned into a first-person version of pixel-hunting. Yes I know I need a doodad to insert into the thingamagig. That's the puzzle. But HUNTING FOR the doodad isn't fun or compelling. They're never in a logical place -- they're just somewhere random nearby. There were whole sections of the game that I missed because I didn't find the exact right place to see a thing I needed to click on.If there's something I can't stand about puzzle games, it's when I, the PLAYER, have solved the puzzle, but I can't figure out exactly what I need to click on so my CHARACTER can solve it in the game.There were also puzzles where it wasn't clear what I was trying to do. I didn't know I needed to open a particular pathway, for instance, so there was no reason for me to be clicking on things trying to figure out how to do it. If I found the thing to click on, there's no reason for me to think it opened up a pathway elsewhere. The things weren't part of a logical chain I could follow. It was just ""until you click on this thing, you can't go that way"" even though I didn't know the thing was clickable or that ""that way"" was a way I could go.Many times I resorted to looking for online hints to tell me how to progress. There are two ways that can go:1) I feel like an idiot because I should have been able to figure that out.2) I feel vindicated because there was no logical way for me to figure something out, or it required ""pixel hunting"" to solve.I am recommending this game with reservations. I found it fun to explore and solve things up to a point. But scouring the game environment to find a doodad that isn't in a logical place just isn't fun for me. If you're like me, you might as well just play with a walkthrough open so you can experience the story without the frustration.Here are some examples of where I got frustrated, in spoiler text.Can't find what was taken from the desk (turned out to be scissors). For some reason they're in the elevator. Why would I look there? I looked online to find them. But then I got to recreate the scene, and the dude stabbed HIMSELF with the scissors. They should logically have been by his body. Obviously Travis didn't take them and put them in the elevator -- why would he take them in the first place? Especialy since he was focused on following Ethan?I missed the Traps in the Woods and spaceman puzzles entirely. I walked through the initial forest without hitting any traps, so I had no reason to think I needed to scour the woods looking for them. The spaceman is triggered from a thing in the woods that isn't visible from the road/track you're following. Even after watching a youtube video I had trouble finding it -- when I knew it was there!I thought the first puzzle was the train-track murder, which to my credit I did solve entirely on my own.I had no reason to want to cross the river, so it didn't occur to me to look for a way across after solving the axe/scissor murder. It led me to the power plant, but the obvious way to go (through the door) led to a dead end (usable only for an obscure achievement). That's the point where I felt like I had explored and solved everything in the game, but obviously hadn't finished the story.Pixel-hunting? I didn't see the pickaxe in the wall of the mine (my screen was too dark) so it didn't occur to me to look for a way to illuminate it so I could take it. I couldn't find the oil lamp (why is it in the church?). The scissors. The hand crank. All these things you need to continue the story, but you can't deduce the location to. You need to run around randomly until you happen to see them.Also, when you literally can't die in the rest of the game (you can't even fall off cliffs, there's an invisible safety rail) it seemed out of place to have random ""killer zombies"" in the mines.So like I said, as a puzzle game I found it frustrating (not in the good way) and somewhat lacking. As an interactive story, I think it was great."
,Recommended,258520,27523679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SpriteXP,"Good (lineair) story, beautiful environment, nice game."
76561198229339772,Recommended,258520,23639143,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,vverdugx,"Fantastic game, the atmosphere absorbs you and the history is interesting and enthralling up to the very end. Not one though for the faint hearted, like the publicity says, this is a game that does not take you on the hand. All in all, a very good gaming experience that does not leave you indiferent."
76561197970498221,Not Recommended,258520,12369034,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rob,"Well that took about 2.5 hours to finish...Lovely graphics and so much promise but at $19.95 thats abot 8 bucks an hour, just not worth it. I liked the mechanics and the story and pretty much everything about the game but there is just not anywhere near enough content."
76561198006314343,Not Recommended,258520,12378711,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Joe,"Beautiful setting and graphics. Dialog is nothing special and maybe a little cheesy. Story was okay. Total time to complete was about 6 hours, which isn't much for a $20 game IMO."
76561198112345530,Recommended,258520,15721521,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MARAUD3R,"This game was amazing I got hooked once i started to unravel the mystery. Fell inlove with the characters aka ""Ethan"". Amazing ending with a twist. 11/10 loved it.P.S i dont like mystery games but this one got me."
76561198014666590,Recommended,258520,16416885,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Warstrich,"This is the only game I've 100% completed so far, out of my 817 Steam games, and I've enjoyed every bit of it. I like the vibe and feel of the world a lot and the mystery is intriguing. Probably the best representation of a Lovecraftian-like setting I've played, even though the game isn't trying to represent that specific mythology (not as far as I can tell, anyway)."
,Recommended,258520,34883308,Posted: 11 September,all,zehroh,Played the redux version to the end. Good game. Very engaging and fluid. Beautiful scenery too.
76561197993158893,Recommended,258520,34857302,Posted: 10 September,all,D1rty Sanchez,"Plot & gameplay was quite decent.But even with a 6h playtime, it was worth it purely for the viscreal audiovisual experience."
,Recommended,258520,25796408,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,OldLaugh,best game have played so far
76561198008546074,Recommended,258520,25795821,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Neboder,Excellent!
,Recommended,258520,17991545,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SubJaeger,"Good Story, but not much gameplay. I liked it!"
76561197999088229,Recommended,258520,18826964,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kageshi,"Very story Driving. however, very enjoyable in the unraveling of plots and mini stories that make one big story. I only say one thing, Is that all?"
76561198168739666,Recommended,258520,29159390,Posted: 10 January,all,NaviTot,"A beatiful game, it looks amazing n,n"
,Recommended,258520,23397366,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,LonelyPianist,*gross sbbing* 9/10
76561198049010130,Recommended,258520,13553796,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,timthegem,I wandered deep into the woods for several minutes.I played with some lights.Then I chased a little spaceman.Then I read poems in a treehouse.10/10 Game Of The Year
,Recommended,258520,12340371,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,.#CAPTAIN_CAPSLOCK?!11,"I enjoyed every single minute that I have spent in this game: Foremost due to the extraordinary graphic and a marvelous dynamic soundtrack I found myself spending at least one hour simply walking around, absorbing the atmosphere and being stunned by a phenomenal presentation of an equally beautiful and meticulously detailed landscape.The story was very interesting and progressed bit by bit while the player investigated puzzling and mystical incidents or locations in order to understand what has happened to Ethan Carter.Even though the story can be finished in a relatively short amount of time (I'd say approximately three to four hours), quality-wise The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was worth every cent of the 20€ that I have paid for this game. Hence: highly recommended."
76561198039084215,Recommended,258520,29163529,Posted: 10 January,all,De Luca - InvestGames,InvestGames:https://investgamesblog.wordpress.com/- BLOGhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0dvDyLS4_kwbz8gYallU5g
,Recommended,258520,34393578,Posted: 21 August,all,Meralath,"Incredible story and visuals. It is one of the best atmospheric ""story-rich"" games i played so far.The ending actually made me really emotional :')An Absolute Reccomendation10/10"
,Recommended,258520,25929968,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,RacePace,"I played the Redux version of the game. You can finish the game within 4-5 hours, puzzles aren't too tricky and the story is alright. Good experience overall."
,Recommended,258520,15332602,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[SD3]Freelancer,Overrated BUT yet an interesting adventure. Terrible ending though.
,Recommended,258520,13474354,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,merfab76,"Good game, or I'd rather say good story ;)Beautiful graphics, nicely done atmosphere, interesting puzzle mechanisms, but beyond that, the gameplay is more or less limited to wandering around searching for clues.Expect around 4 hours to finish it, no replay value (except if you want to watch the scenery again :D), I'd rate it around 7/10.Not everybody will be pleased with it, I was, so just ask yourself if this is the kind of game (experience) you're after before pushing that ""add to cart"" button ;)"
76561198089593851,Recommended,258520,22550208,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sub-0NT,"Very solid and extremely well narrated 1rd person explorer game, it is very reminiscent of Dear Esther, beautiful graphics and very immersive. One back draw, it is quite short, 9 hours at best with all puzzles solved and all secrets found."
,Recommended,258520,22561948,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,IX,"Gorgeous game visually, with an equally excellent score that matches the tone of whatever's happening in game perfectly, and excellent story that all wraps up to make sense at the end.It's fairly short and has limited replay value but if you see this on special grab it."
76561198034935991,Recommended,258520,22539722,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is that kind of game that gets you from the moment it starts until it ends.The story, the events prior to the game and the locations you visit feels like something else, it feels special and unlike anything you may have experienced. The mystery that surrounds everything is so thick you can almost grab it.The graphics are great but the immersion and the atmosphere is astonishing. I really liked the way the story is unfolded and the conclusion is dumbfounding.Please give this game a chance if you're looking to play a narrative game.Paul Prospero/10"
,Recommended,258520,22502059,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Fluffy Tail Toucher,"I played the redux version+Just Beautiful. Seriously stunning landscapes.+Some interesting puzzle mechanics that enhance the storytelling.+Story is... cool I guess. I thought it was kind of boring at first then I chased an astronaut through the woods and realized I was in for a ride.+You can get trading cards for the base game and the redux!-You better like the landscape, because most of the time all you're doing is looking at it as you wander around looking for the next puzzle.-Seriously there's a lot of wandering and some of the areas are very open. If you take the time to explore everything it just makes the game take that much longer, and the areas that aren't puzzles are empty of anything to find.-The puzzles are interesting but not difficult.-Contains a jumpscare puzzle that I was not aware of beforehand, though it's not that bad. You'll know when you get there.I did like it, but I don't know if I 20 bucks liked it. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,258520,15317270,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ciabaros,"Amazing experience; a mental journey of reflection and solitude. The ""breath of fresh air"" about this game, is that unlike 99% of over-fabricated crap out there, this game actually stimulates the imagination; the best atmospheric game that I have ever seen/played. The mellow, quiet and solemn atmosphere magnifies the effect of events that come, and particularly the climaxes."
76561198178313370,Not Recommended,258520,15099162,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Starlight,"I really like this game. The visuals are beautiful, the storyline is intriguing, but if you have problems with motion sickness, this is probably not the game for you. I played for a few hours today, but needed to take a break after about two because I started feeling ill. I made all the setting adjustments others had suggested to help with motion sickness and after a break, tried to play again. However after another hour of gameplay, I actually ended up getting sick. Consider yourself warned!"
76561197971052405,Not Recommended,258520,12257617,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Zahlence,"Game is beatiful and you just have to stop and admire the scenery for a few times.I loved the story, puzzles  and all, but I'm not quite sure if it was worth the ~20€.Game left me aching for much more and was very short lived. I got the feeling the adventure was just about to start and get interesting, when suddenly faded to black and left me disappointed.If it would have had more content, for a game of this genre, it would be perfect.It still was a wonderful experience, but ended too quicly."
,Not Recommended,258520,12308028,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Prowlingmonkey,"This game has environments that look better than the average game. Nice environments make good screenshots but once this game is in motion, you'll find that the majority of those visually impressive things loose some charm with their static nature. Rocks don't tumble and you just float through things instead of them reacting to you colliding with them. The moving branches and grass are the same 2D images that have been in many other games, which look out of place next to everything else. There are two exceptions in the form of small railcars that are operated to solve two puzzles, which are nice. Personally, photo visuals don't impress me, I am always more impressed when terrain reacts in cool ways, like sand moving, mud squishing, or boards swaying when walked over. I just mention that because I would say the visuals are the major selling point. This could lead to the game becoming more and more unimpressive as time goes by. (Additional note: There are many invisible walls)Gameplay had some good ideas but shallow execution. It is a detective story, with the gameplay insert (primarily) being figuring out the chronology of events at a crime scene. This is fun and in one instance I figured it out by looking at the position of a person's feet to determine movement direction. However, the most events you ever have to order in a sequence is 6. The final one only having 4 events that need ordering. One of the crime scenes was just a straight line. Overall there are only 5 crime scenes that you investigate. Additional gameplay involves the discovery of 5 locations that open up dialog. 2 of these locations have small puzzling sequences attached to them. But there is no gameplay climax moment that leaves you with satisfaction as you transition to the end.The narrative doesn’t mesh well with the atmosphere, I feel. I guess it is supposed to be a creepy story, but you are in the bright cheery outdoors. That can be unsettling when done properly, though nothing quite sells it here. Character models, their animations, and voice acting are quite average and damper the story (I do appreciate that character are actually seen, as many of these exploring games cut out people from the equation). One sequence is super silly, which also makes it so if you didn’t see the ending coming, you’ll know what it is after that.Much of your time will be quite quiet as the game takes place in a large reasonably-open valley with only a few narration triggers and pieces of paper scattered about. I am actually quite confused, or I guess unappreciative, about this large environment as it doesn’t seem to accomplish much. I timed it, and you can go 3-5 minutes of just walking down a path to get from one location to another with just light music and ambient noise to accompany you. Since the majority of the assets are just rocks and trees, there really isn’t much you can take from the environment that fills you in on the events of the past. In the underground, I thought I was actually going down an endless staircase. It seems big for the sake of being big, or it could have used more tiny things scattered about that had more significance.Overall, this game was a solid ‘eh’."
76561198047518514,Not Recommended,258520,21323273,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,halo19248,"Kind of a""Blair Witch Project""thing. Atmosphere, horror, a few jump scares. Very beautiful world (Unreal Engine 4) with nothing to do in it.Shockingly low on content and gameplay elements.Very short too. Background story is a crude horror/mystery tale about a family possessed by a ghost and killing each other, largely told through a narrator and letters strewn across the game world (lame excuse for lacking real content and interactivity).Your job is to reconstruct who killed who, and this is how it goes:You run around and come across typical adventure items (a lamp, an axe, a dead body, etc.), but you cannot interact or do anything with them. All you have to do isfindall items in a certain area, which automatically prompts a flashback scene with 5 story elements and you have to guess the sequence of events, like this: (1) he picked up the axe, (2) he talked to his brother, (3) he went over to the chapel, (4) he killed his uncle, (5) he talked to his mother. That's it. Then you head to the next area, find all its items, flashback pops up..... You do this guess-the-sequence thing for the fate of each family member. That's all there is, basically.""This game doesn't hold your hand.""What game? At best, this is a 3D tech demo for UE, not a game. Shame on the Polish developers for charging money for a demo."
,Recommended,258520,12240515,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Pretty decent supernatural mystery thriller.  Nothing mind blowing but it's a solid expierence.  Sick graphics.7/10
76561198071968761,Not Recommended,258520,15238655,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,cmo999,"The game says it doesn't hold my hand, but it doesn't engage me much at all for that matter.  I spend half an hour walking around, there's a couple of empty houses, some weird voice talks to me in the woods but doesn't make any sense.  What am I doing here? When is the story going to kick off?"
,Not Recommended,258520,29066468,Posted: 6 January,all,Rose,"Pros: Decent Graphics, atmosphere, and interesting visuals, Puzzles weren't overcomplicated, story was OK, interesting enough to finish unlike other walking simulators.Cons: Too Short, Not interesting enough, nihilistic ending, bad child voice actor, jumpscares stop being scary after they scare you once, not worth the money at all, more of a tech demo, and oh yeah its not a video game because there's no way to lose."
,Not Recommended,258520,12883476,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,DurMan,"A GORGEOUS, well-written adventure game that has fantastic exploration and story elements, which unfortunately are utterly spoiled by the tired tropes of zombies and jump-scares."
,Not Recommended,258520,13230501,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,LordMord,It is a beautifull game for sure but the story never really gets finished. Also it is actually mutliple storys with 1 overarching but that makes everything quite confusing. And even if you find out why it is like that at the end it doesn't really make it better. You don't have any impact on the world you are just watching it. Which means there is no development what so ever in the story or your character. The side storys are way to short to have anything interesting happen.
,Not Recommended,258520,12411568,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,davesunday,This game is beautiful and the gameplay and story are different and very interesting.  But the load stutters are a deal breaker.  I would not recommend this game in the slightest unless you dont mind load stuttering every ten seconds.
76561198057074886,Not Recommended,258520,15013694,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,cheeky200386,"The graphics look amazing, and the soundtrack adds to the atmosphere. The story, in my opinion, seemed empty at times with not much happening in between clues. There was little guidance on where to go, which was expected. For the amount time spent traveling and back tracking, the ending left much to be desired. 5/10"
76561198055524418,Not Recommended,258520,16775687,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,notjessica.arnold,"As much as I really wanted to...I just found it difficult to get into this story. After two hours, I still couldn't care enough about the characters and plot to continue. The scenery is beautiful, and I love the concept but I just didn't click with this."
76561198172237231,Not Recommended,258520,15066148,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,aldtom,"If you are into wandering beautiful scenery; then this game is for you. Terrible game save system goes to wasting lots of time, you can't play this game in short spurts.I was led to believe this was point and click, for the most part it is. But I chased this person through the forest to what seems to be 50 timesActually I finished this game, but I have no idea why people ranked this game as high as they did"
,Recommended,258520,12240925,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Truther,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is here and I gotta start by saying the game looks absolutely stunning. Very clever game indeed being only 2 hours in it feels very polished in every way. I would highly recommend.=The good=*simple but good controls*all the graphics options you want*great audio*stunning graphics*runs great*clever game design=Cons=*nothing yet
,Not Recommended,258520,25004719,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Baphomet,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a cyclical adventure game in the first person perspective featuring you, a detective tasked with unraveling the mystery behind the disappearance of a young boy who has witnessed bizarre and paranormal happenings in a small isolated town.The visuals are pretty and the ambient sounds, music, and narrator’s voice are quite cozy and form a nice kind of aesthetic to drive the player forward from area to area. As I mentioned earlier, the game is cyclical, however this is in an almost purgatorial sense in that you will be doomed to walk one gigantic circle until you solve every single puzzle in the game.How are the puzzles solved, you ask? Normally, when you come across a puzzle, you will be able to hold left mouse to reveal a shimmering and incomplete dreamlike overlay. By finding the right items and pairing them with their respective alcoves you can trigger specific events to expand that overlay until it covers your entire screen, completing the puzzle and unlocking the second phase of that particular puzzle. In the second phase, you simply need to discover and order a paranormal re-enactment of the events that came to pass (the game will allow you to proceed once you get it right).I’m going to be blunt here, this is basically a walking simulator tied to a very simplistic adventure game. Depending on how you enjoy this kind of thing you will either find it really relaxing or incredibly boring. The game has one section (underground mines) where the devs thought it would be fitting to shoehorn in some awkward and easily avoidable jump-scare mechanic which was kind of lame.Given the general lack of playtime I can hardly recommend this game at the prices it’s often seen at; considering I finished the whole thing half-drunk in about six hours total. Best to wait until it’s near-free and maybe with a VR headset to squeeze the water out of this stone."
,Recommended,258520,29643628,Posted: 1 February,all,Forgotten Syrup,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.i will keep this review short as there is very little to be said without spoiling the story of the game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter kept my heart racing through every terrifying isolated moment of this game, it's a horror mystery that delivers a relatively inclined reason to continue playing and while it is short i personally feel it is very very worth it, the game is truely an emotional experience and all in all was brilliantly put together, the graphics create one of the most beautiful enviroments and the person who voices the main character was absolutely incredible.note: this is not a horror game, do not confuse it for one. it gives a spooky setting but there is no horror aspect to the gameplay, it is specifically a mystery game, if you enjoy Mystery games then i advise looking into buying it."
76561197960336111,Not Recommended,258520,12683995,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,frecherkleinergruenerlaubfrosch,"This is not really a game, but a piece of art which promised too much.The graphics are nice, the music suits the scene, but that's about it.I won't complain about the length of the game (went through it without walktroughs in less than 4 hrs), since I also can enjoy short games if they tell a nice story and the gameplay is fitting. The problem is this game lacks gameplay. The world is quite small and the gameplay is somehow linear (you are forced to solve a couple of puzzels in order). Moreover, the problem is that puzzels become EASIER as the game progesses. Whereas the first puzzel (train) and the house puzzle still take some skill, the others are just boring and too easy to understand. It is no challenge to put the chronology in order, etc. It does not require real thinking. The commented walkthrough promised that you have to combine information (e.g. ""You notice there is blood on the train, but not on the floor? This means the accident occured elsewhere ...."") You dont need such thinking to solve the game.Don't get me wrong. I don't think its a bad piece of software, but it just does not live up to its promises."
,Not Recommended,258520,14429453,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Master Dedmor,"With such a weak ending to a game that is only 3 hours long, definitely not worth the $20.Thank god I finished the game with enough time left to get a refund, because every second I saw this in my library was another moment spent in regret for buying this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Not Recommended,258520,13132503,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Onin.,"Nonsensical story masquerading as pretentious literature. Extremely straight-forward ""puzzles,"" an hour's worth of forced walking from one place to the next. It may look and sound gorgeous, but not one element of the game serves to enhance another. A typical example of a ""story-driven game"" that has neither a game worth playing nor a story worth engaging with."
,Not Recommended,258520,15211308,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Linearskillz,"Can't say it's worth playing for anything than the beautiful visuals, which is a shame really. I thought this game had massive potential but it only took me 3 hours to get 100% achievements with no reason to play again, and the time I spent with it was pretty mediocre. The story was drab - which is vitally important for these kinds of games. The puzzles were extremely simplistic in a 'find the hidden object' kind of way. I'm honestly kind of baffled how this has such a high score.I grabbed it in a recent sale for a decent price so I don't feel cheated but I don't think it's a must play title or anything. Definitely not worth full price. Maybe $5 on sale. It's better than Dear Esther at least, but that's not saying much.If you want a good 'walking simulator' then really you should just play The Stanley Parable and skip this.Anyway this game seems designed for a very particular kind of person and mindset and apparently I'm not that person."
76561198042811758,Not Recommended,258520,14707245,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,terry,Could have been a good game. But it doesn't save enough and there is no indication of where it last auto-saved. I spent 2 hours exploring and then exited the game. When I came back into the game I was back at the beginning again.I won't play again unless they fix the save options.
76561198083938339,Not Recommended,258520,22171812,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mog,Unfortunatly I have to agree with Supercat!'s review on this one for most of what I was thinking after and during the time playing it.I would have to say go ahead and read Supercat!'s review the game looks pretty and everything but was lacking a lot of things however was a nice walk through the woods. Feels like they put most of there work into the lanscaping and art more then anything else.I suggest using your money on a different game unless you are hunting for easy achievments.
,Not Recommended,258520,17797927,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Rainsing,"You can tell from the screenshots how gorgeous the graphics of this game is. It's the single biggest reason why I bought it.BUT.The plot just doesn't make any sense to me. While progressing the story, I was totally confused about the peculiarly hehaving characters and the seemingly unrelated subplots. Even after I finished the game and knew what really happened, I still don't think this kind of narrative is interesting at all."
,Not Recommended,258520,16271368,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Lindale FF,"Granted, the Vanishing of Ethan Carter was among the best scenery graphics I have ever seen.But then there is a puzzle in the mine that has a game-breaking bug that makes it NOT able to be completed. After the initial animation, it never transitions you to the next map. It doesn't even teleport you anywhere. It simply sits there with the animation looping forever, until you press Ctrl+Alt+Del. The only way around it is to put the game to windowed at 800x600 until you reach the next scene. And even after nearly a full year, the developers have STILL not fixed it.And to make matters worse, the Developers specifically stated that pre-orders would include special features that would be EXCLUSIVE to pre-orders, and then Release Day came along with the addition of The Collector’s Edition DLC, which was all of the stuff they stated was going to be EXCLUSIVE to the pre-orders.So for Developer dishonesty to their customers, and for not bothering to fix game-breaking bugs, this game gets a Fail grade from me."
,Recommended,258520,12242302,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,oddly normal,"i came into this game thinking i might play 30 minutes and go to bed.... it has been 5 hours and its 1:30 in the morning, i was hooked all night and could not stop playing until i finished. this game is like reading a well written book were you can control the main character and see through his eyes. this game is a bit slow and not so much about high octain action, its a mystery adventure game with gorgeous graphics other than that i should not say. 9/10ps. well worth the 20$ asking price"
,Recommended,258520,12250035,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Freddo 47,"THIS GAME WILL NOT HOLD YOUR HAND.The most apt statement I have ever heard in a game. that is literally the only information you are given during the game's opening. Because of this concept when you finally figure some of the puzzles and mysteries out, you feel great and a sense of achievement. However also because of this concept you can be left struggling and clueless for some time. The games length is, although short, I feel quite appropriate as the game does require quite a lot of energy to play, and doesn't drag the story into a lengthy congusing mess. If Stephen King were to write a  short story for a game, it would be this,"
,Recommended,258520,12245868,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,coda,"The story is something that keeps you thinking for a while.Although it's very short (and that's really the only negative thing about this game), it's deffinately worth the money.I did some ingame photography. Check it out in my screenshots.Tip: Play it again so more pieces come together as you realise that a lot of things told to you in the beginning are actually quite important to the story."
76561198030494965,Not Recommended,258520,24514395,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Alpha Blue,"If you had told me this game was anything other than a graphics showcase or a demo I would not have believed you. After beating the game, I just thought I had completed the intro and there was much more to come. But no, 1 hour and 20 minutes of gameplay and it was over. With a good speed run the game could easily be done in under an hour.The game is really beautiful and I would definitely call it unique, even had some pretty cool moments but for the lack of gameplay overall it gets pretty poor negative review from me. I bought this for 80% off during a sale and I still don't feel like I got my money's worth. I think you're just expected to stumble around and do things slowly and out of order, but even then I can't imagine getting any more than 4 hours out of this.On the bright side, it's probably one of the fastest and easiest games to get a perfect game for achievements with :p I'm not really sure if that's a good thing, but there it is."
76561198269614666,Not Recommended,258520,29124797,Posted: 8 January,all,raidovermoscow,"Visuals great, soundtrack great, controls great.  Save (or lack of them) points - ruins the game.Played for nearly an hour but had to switch off as I have a life outside of playing video games.  NOTHING I had done in that hour was saved! WTF.Wouldn't recommend.Deleted."
76561198015193520,Not Recommended,258520,14796678,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,lisa,I can't review this game for content because it makes me motion sick pretty much immediately.  You are unable to pull the camera out so I am unable to play this game.  If you are at all susceptible to motion sickness this game is not for you.
76561198025492091,Not Recommended,258520,13209822,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,andrianov_kirill,"Not diminishing the work on the visual aspect of the game, I would still like to point out that this title lacks the actual gameplay. The situation here is similar to Dear Esther. A marvel to look at, but a real bore to play. Save system is very strange. It does not save the progress on the riddles, it can only remember if you solved a puzzle or not. The investigation process is never explained and I think it serves to artificially extend the already short game. If it were not for backtracking to the very first puzzle and a subsequent run through the mines to the final basement my gameplay would be rather shorter. All in all, the situation with this game's reviews looks like a circlejerk where the participants secretly agree that this game is a waste of time and not a game at all, but are too afraid to voice it in public for fear of  peer pressure. Therefore, we see this hype ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like ""marvelous, thought provoking"", etc.WTF is the astronaut tag game? WTF is the ending? The first is obviously the homage they pay to themselves as a game developer. And the second is like a slap in the face of the player.One thing is for certain - the devs can only handle mindless shooters like Painkiller and I would gladly settle for it. At least it had gameplay."
,Not Recommended,258520,14144682,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Fredpic,"I cannot recommend this game, because it in my opinion doesn't qualify as a game.It is more like an interactive story, but the interactivity does nothing to improve on anything.Since there are no game elements - there is no way to ""lose"", for instance - the choice to not include a simple way to navigate between the ""chapters"" of the story, or something as simple as a map, mystifies me. Instead we are forced to wander back and forth across the albeit gorgeous landscape, searching for what to experience next. The fact that you can find these things in the wrong order and have to go back looking for the rest of them in order to ""finish"" the story only adds to the aggravation.At risk of spoiling things, and you may not want to read any further if you don't want to be spoiled, it seems strange that the makers of this program didn't include a ""fast travel"" option that would let us instantly go back to places we had already visited. After all, one such fast-travel mechanism is introduced at the very end, when everything is pretty much over. Strangely it is only usable from the most remote part of the area, so once you have used it you are still forced to walk all across the landscape over and over if you need to use it again. The landscape is marvellously beautiful, but I still find myself permanently pressing the ""run faster"" button in order to get around at a reasonable pace. The mood of the story would have won a great deal if running wasn't always possible, but instant relocating was.I suppose the puzzles in the story could be called a game, but since they can all be solved with brute force with little need to think or find clues, I don't know if I can agree. Once again, there is no way to ""lose"", which I think is a critical part of a game. Since nothing you do has any effect on the story whatsoever, the idea to wrap the story in a very pretty environment and sell it as a game is a bit strange. Presumably the market for barely interactive puzzle adventures isn't that great."
76561198042281318,Not Recommended,258520,17057602,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sairvell,"I cannot begin to describe how boring and tedious this game was to navigate.Notice that I didn't say play.While there appear to be some inventory management puzzles, these merely amount to a checkpoint system. Go click on one thing, watch a bunch of words circle around; then, go click another thing. Some of these things that you click give you puzzle pieces of larger visions. But collecting all the parts of these visions involve long meanders across very similar looking terrain. It is all very green or rocky, or occupied by dilapidated structures and abandoned buildings, but all so very empty.The stretches between finding something, anything, to interact with are painfully long and litter the aforementioned overgrown and homogenous landscape. Now don't get me wrong, the settings are very pretty and detailed. The music creates a sense of foreboding and mood. The sound is composed of subtle authentic sounding forest noises: wind rustling branches, distant lonely birds and so on.There is a large amount of real estate to traverse and you only have two speeds of travel: excrutiatingly slow and merely painfully slow. There is no fast travel; though, for reasons I never discovered, you can crouch.I thought maybe the crouch move would be for some stealth elements or to get into low places, but since I encountered not a single other soul and didn't go inside anything other than a train car, I couldn't figure out a purpose for the key other than simulating my character napping from all the boredom.Probably the most absurd moment is right at the beginning when the game announces that it won't be holding your hand. Immediately, anything you encounter simply involves holding the mouse button and then words swirl on the screen quite literally telling you what to do. (i.e. Old train engine with a connection for a crank? Go find crank: check.)Not holding my hand, as best I can tell, is a reference to the sprawling, mostly empty, landscapes that you must travel without the aid of an automap function. Wandering in circles hoping to bump into the next thing I'm suppossed to stand in front of and hold a mouse button to activate isn't my idea of fun.The voice acting is good, but the few things that the narrator (presumably your character, though I didn't hear/see that definitively stated) are noir platitudes. The character talks about working hundreds of cases as a detective, but we don't get any details. The character talks about the darkness of the locale, but no sense imagery is used. The narrator mentions going to the 'other side' and leaving parts of himself there. Beyond leaving his automap there, I had no idea what that really meant or why I should care.In the end, I simply dashed around as much of the environment as I could. The few locations that looked even remotely interesting or promising were closed, gated or had no obvious mean of approach, which seems like an appropriate metaphor for experinecing this 'game'.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter sounds nice and looks pretty, but it is vapid and empty, grasping at mood and a random and distant scattering of things to click on, instead of providing any interesting characters and the promised narrative experience."
76561198060693097,Not Recommended,258520,20885883,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Guruni,"This game runs through its creative processes after the first 5 minutes. After that it is a disappointing spiral through a forced story. The concept overall could have been very well done, but it was executed poorly, which is unfortunate. You should skip this game, you will regret it otherwise."
76561198006962042,Not Recommended,258520,15160258,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Apache,"Played for a bit, no save game, lost all. crap game. imho."
76561197961235023,Recommended,258520,18589726,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Chuppa,"Game has really awesome graphic, and at last, the story. I'm glad, for redux version, because, stupid saving system was finally improved and graphic is even better now."
76561197994661913,Not Recommended,258520,13558652,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Emre Arın,"Very short (3-4 hrs) yet beautifully rendered and quite... an empty game. There are a few puzzles, mostly easy and a general feeling of oldschool adventures. Tho, it's decieving. It starts to repeat itself after the first scene until the very end.7.5/10"
76561198096064845,Not Recommended,258520,16604085,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sylvester,Great graphics ? check. So great that i've spend something like 20 minutes searching for a bloody (really covered in blood) rock needed to complete the second puzzle. I knew that i needed it but it's an open world that happens to be a forest. There a rocks everywhere.Anyway. The save system trully sucks. It will only save if you finish one of the puzzles and if you're not lucky that can take 30 minutes or more. Have a screaming toddler and try to play without being able to save till you finish the ENTIRE puzzle. Not funny.Buy it only if it's under 5 euros and you've got plenty of time.
,Not Recommended,258520,23051016,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,hosui,"Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Interesting puzzle concept.  You're pretty much playing CSI.-The house puzzle was pretty cool once I figured out what the hell I was doing.-All the short stories are interesting.-Got to go into outer space.-Voice acting isn't too bad.-Great unsettling atmosphere.-Music really sets the mood.Cons:-A bit buggy while I was trying to solve the puzzles.-No option to save at will.  You'll have to redo things if you need to quit before it's autosaved, which only seems to happen after solving a puzzle.-While an interesting concept, the CSI type puzzles get super easy after the first one, since they all follow the same steps.-Although realistic in distances between things, it gets old really quickly when you have to walk forever to get back to a place.  That mine didn't need to be 10 flights of stairs down.-Story line was really confusing until you got to the end, and then it's kinda a lame explanation for it all.-Too short for the price I paid, imo.-Says it doesn't hold your hand, but I was most frustrated just finding where to go for the next puzzle.  The puzzles themselves seemed to outright tell you where to look for things to solve them.All in all... it's not really a bad game.  I just feel disappointed in what I got for the price.  I feel like the CSI type puzzles could have been more in depth."
76561198314766700,Not Recommended,258520,26686987,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,kevindunworth,beautiful game with good storytelling but the gameplay is well below average
,Not Recommended,258520,15143966,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,IainL,"A very pretty walk in the woods, but the story is far more poorly told than your average ""walking simulator"" game."
,Not Recommended,258520,13978983,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,IfGodWasAFruit™,"Definitely not worth twenty dollars. Granted the graphics are stunning and it plays well, but the expierence is not lasting. The game quickly ends and has the,""Surprise! its a dream!"" cliche. The possbile interpretations of the ending are interesting and fun to discuss, but the game is not worth it. I can see a future for games of this type, but this game will definitely not it,"
76561198025069737,Not Recommended,258520,29548991,Posted: 28 January,all,mhens,"It turns out this game, while looking extremly beautiful and atmospheric, has the weirdest save game methods of saving only at certain checkpoints. This means it's anyones guess when your progress is saved or not so you end up playing the same part over and over again.Too bad as it does seem like a very nice game but having to start the game from the beginning three times in a row ruined my fun completely."
,Recommended,258520,12241974,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Phudruker,"just finished the game. all of it. Just let me say, the graphic fidelity of this game is unmatched by my standards. The story (while i thought it was outlandish at first) came full ♥♥♥♥ig circle and managed to surprise me. The variation in all of the investigations was a breath of fresh air. too often these kinds of shorter games get caught in repitions bs and it kills the game. but beyond gameplay even, this game is a work of art! wonderful piece of entertainment, Astronauts! AMAZING WORK!9.6/10also. id love to see some more stories forour investigator Paul Prospero, im sure you guys could pull it off :)"
76561197981560012,Recommended,258520,12243895,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[ISFA] Polymachine,"Incredible atmosphere and stunningly beautiful. Though short (finished it in 3 h), this game delivers a gripping story perfectly through explorationa and detective work."
,Recommended,258520,12244940,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,kingbird,A beautiful and engrossing exploration title.
,Recommended,258520,12248495,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,H0RR0R B0Y,"If nothing else, this is the best looking computer game I've ever players. Nice, chilled gameplay, shame its so short."
,Recommended,258520,12249884,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bastwood,"Very pretty albeit somewhat hollow exploration adventure. This new genre of story-focused adventure games without any tricky puzzles seems to be gaining traction lately, and I'm all for it. However, problems arise when the actual story isn't particularly strong, which I feel is the case with The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.You play as Paul Prospero, a kind of a psychic private detective sent to investigate a disappearance in Red Creek Valley, a small rural community that looks like it could exist somewhere in British Columbia. You quickly find out that the whole place is deserted, and your task is to piece together the fates of the inhabitants by the means of your paranormal abilities. You can't directly commune with the otherworld, but instead have to gather various clues which in turn enable you to construct a timeline of the events.None of the detective sequences are particularly taxing on the little grey cells, and they're not meant to be. The game strives to build a strong atmosphere, and for the most part it definitely succeeds. The drop dead gorgeous graphics do help immensely with the suspension of disbelief, but I felt that the narrative just wasn't on par with the rest of the game. Some of the story strands were just a little bit too ridiculous and childish for my liking, but the cardinal sin is the attempt to explain away the shortcomings of the tale at a late point in the game.Nevertheless, I was entertained and intrigued by The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and didn't feel shortchanged after the credits rolled. The game is good, but it could've been something even better with a less pulpy script."
76561197993647670,Recommended,258520,12242286,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wrathmaster777,"Just finished the game and overall I enjoyed it very much. Graphics were great, gameplay was enjoyable and the story really drew me in. The setting is pretty eerie and it was like walking through a haunted house without all the jump scares so that you could just indulge in the mystery of the story. Would definitely recommend!"
76561198080946975,Recommended,258520,12242381,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Eye_of_Thundera,"Graphically pleasing, good soundtrack and the puzzles kept me entertained.  Story was interesting and had a good twist at the end.  Shory was short, but in all I felt it was worth the $20."
76561198043017747,Recommended,258520,12248485,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Chondala,It is a nice game. It looks very nice. But the game is only 4 hours long I am not shure if it is worth the €18 I bought it for. But I did like it by no meens a bad game. It is just way to short for its price.
,Recommended,258520,12244787,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Muggi,"""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is an interesting experiment in narative driven game design, with just enough gameplay to keep even the most sceptical person interested for the duration of the experience. The puzzle and murder solving gameplay is interesting and engaging, although the murder solving part becomes quite easy to figure out after solving the first murder. Also, the story itself is doesn't feel as tight and well written as the developers, keeping much of the game a secret, led me to believe, and the twist is predictable and not very satisfying... but that is simply my opinion.However, the most damning thing about this game is it length, clocking in at around 2-3 hours with no reason to replay other than to admire the gorgeous world design and graphics.Overall, ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is a title I would recommend for fans of adventure games and people interested in an interesting, if a bit lackful, story. Just know, the current price of 19 euros might be a bit much for most people for an three hour experience, which is understandable."
76561198003231843,Recommended,258520,12246136,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DV(RUS),Very good story
76561198018579728,Recommended,258520,12248292,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,XINFINIUM,"8/10Amazing work from the devs, Graphics, atmosphere and the overal effects are spectacular. Most well funded Devs cant even compete with the work from these guys. Gameplay is a bit chippy, movement isnt as smooth as one hoped it to be, but Ive seen worse. I havn't played the game enough to write on the story and concept, but my first impressions were very positive. As I explored the world more, the non-linear gameplay seems a bit strange. The puzzles are sometimes very challenging, althought when you get the hang of it it gets more logical. A little help where to go next would make the progression easier(pointers, clues of various sorts). I still like it, the game makes you think which makes you more immersed in the game.I would totally Recommend"
,Recommended,258520,12255283,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Risx,"The game is very pretty, although fairly short, not that that's really an issue. My only real problem with the game, while its well executed, the open world really only detracts from the game. I found myself second guessing where I was supposed to go and getting myself lost sometimes.There was a few things in the game that came off as weird after beating the game, that didnt have any real relevence for the game. I would still recommend it because it's fairly pretty and the mechanic of the game are fairly well done though, overly easy and kind of tedious sometimes, IMO. It's not amazing but its not bad, worth a play."
76561198053429090,Recommended,258520,12255796,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Illdude,"What a spooky good game,this is thinking man's game good job devs"
76561198124533112,Recommended,258520,12246898,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,1221,"Still playing it but so far, best game I've played in a long time. And the visuals are so good they're almost distracting. (Find myself way too often staring at random objects wondering how thay made them look so real!)Will update review when finished, but so far 10/10..."
,Recommended,258520,12265679,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,mcwizardry,Interesting narrative experience with a lot of player freedom and intricate world design.
,Recommended,258520,12242447,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Old Man Murphy,I have only played a small portion of the game yet so far i am overcome with intense thought provocing atmosphere that is leaving me wanting more more more of that sweet sweet Ethan Carter. Highly recomend for anyone looking for a truely unique expeirience!
,Recommended,258520,12243929,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,omarshan2003,"amazing game , open world , beautiful graphics , freedom to move around and investigate the mysteries with no instructions or missions."
,Recommended,258520,13100066,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,kdodds,"I got into this one for my wife, who likes low-difficulty level (coordination-wise) games.  I tag these games with ""No Combat"".  Anyway, Ethan Carter is definitely a no-combat game.  And, honestly, I usually find these types of less-hands-on, less-player-interactive games quite boring, like, oh, the granddaddy of all snoozefests, Myst.  This qualification, I think, is important here.  It tells you a) that this IS one of those (basically) minimalist point and click adventures and b) despite disliking these games, I found enough intriguing about Ethan Carter to invest in it for myself.  There's no denying it's lush, and not just graphically.  The storytelling is right up there in the lush department as well, although not in terms of minute detail, but more in terms of coherent, well thought out, and above all good and interesting and intriguing story.  The only complaint I have with the story is in sputtering pacing.  It almost seems as if there are a few puzzles missing.  The, well, I guess you'd call them side quests, help to flesh out the backstory of Red Creek Valley and enhance the main story, but are not required as far as I can tell.  If I had to compare Ethan Carter to other works, I don't think it would be to another game at all.  I'd compare it more to an earlier Stephen King novel set in Castle Rock, perhaps Salem's Lot or Pet Cemetery.  It has that Stephen King brand of casual creepiness to it that makes it more of a hybrid media, not-quite-game, interactive storytelling experience.  While not necessarily linear, per se, I can't see anything that allows for changes in the story (i.e. player choice doesn't effect the world).  But that's not a bad thing any more than a novel not rewriting itself the second time you read it is a bad thing.  All in all, if you understand what you're getting into, I can highly recommend The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, even at full price, which is still a third of current A-list titles."
,Recommended,258520,12242631,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,nicuni,"So far I’ve only played for about three hours and this game is already very engrossing. Visually, it’s stunning and the music is really good too.  The entire time it’s like being in a dream. It’s beautiful and subtly unsettling, but so far not stressful.  It’s almost like Twin Peaks as a video game."
,Recommended,258520,12246923,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,xection9,This game is a Masterpiece
76561198033212829,Recommended,258520,12253694,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Marion Moonlight,"This game reminds me of the best Cthulhu Mythos books. You rarely find such a good story these days.This game reminds me of a rare gem. It's breathtakingly beautiful.This case... you must solve it, no matter what. Even if it will be your last one."
76561197981427845,Recommended,258520,12241787,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,strangelyodd,"If you ever looked at a Thomas Kinkade painting and thought to yourself, ""Man, It would be awesome to solve a Lovecraftian Murder mystery inside that painting.""...Well, then you are a strange person.But, you would definately like this game, because it is:A) GorgeousB) MysteriousC) Crazy spirit ritual?D) Profit!!!I'm not so hot on the voice acting, and the autosave system is...flawed.  However the ambiance, atmosphere, and intriguing narrative more than make up for that.  It's like a hybrid of Myst, Murdered: Soul Suspect and the crime investigations from Batman: Arkham Origins...with more Kinkade vistas.Did I mention this game was purty?  It's purty....Purty."
76561198025661184,Recommended,258520,12242729,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Moebius-Strip,"Very intersting game. It was short, but it was still something different than what I'm particularly used to. Very nice scenery, and some very spooky parts. Worth the 20 bucks for the game. I say 7/10. Good job devs with a beautiful game."
76561198283236990,Not Recommended,258520,33328658,Posted: 6 July,all,cpawell,"This game makes me extraordinarily motion sick almost instantaneously.I do get motion sick in the car, but very rarely do I get sick from video games. I have watched many playthroughs of games and have played through many myself, but something about this game makes me very ill. I have tried changing the settings as recommended by other players who have also become motion sick from this game, but it didnt help. (I let it sit for a few days between each try to make sure that I was not feeling residually motion sick from previous game settings.) Although the game seems very interesting and I really want to experience the story and explore the mystery, I do not think I will be able to finish playing it.Aside from the motion sickness, the game is visually stunning and very atmospheric. The story is (from what I can tell) intriguing and complex. It is a shame that I (and others, it seems) get so motion sick from it."
,Not Recommended,258520,12506333,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sun Bro,"The game is beautiful, has a nice sound track, and has interesting gameplay but for $20 it's not worth it. I know the game says it's a narrative story but it's bad. Plus the game is really short and lacks anything to draw in the player. I'd only get the game when it's $10 or less."
,Not Recommended,258520,20454082,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,igaiga,"I would not recommend buying this game. If you're curious, you can watch some gameplay online. The game is GORGEOUS, I'll give it that, but then it falls flat. The puzzles are frustrating and easy at the same time, the plot is non-existent, the characters are forgettable. I didn't feel immersed at all. They promise an open world and open it is, but there is literally nothing there. I found a grenade somewhere in the woods, that's it. I don't know if that was intentional or not, but I see no point in creating this beautiful, detailed scenery with nothing to do (apart from the obvious puzzles).I wish they focused more on the plot, instead of the world. Same graphics, smaller locations plus a decent plot and I would probably like it. For now, I think of it as a running-through-the-forest simulator with some spooky spooks somewhere in the background."
,Recommended,258520,28779610,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Supercockroach,Beautiful art style. Clever puzzles and a mildly interesting story accompany it. Wish it was easier to run on my computer. It is very demanding on my computer.
76561198245209686,Not Recommended,258520,17805557,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,jacquelynenanderson,"Killer graphics and world design. Concept was difficult to follow and without a tutorial made the game difficult but not impossible. The side plots were strange and incredibly non-linear. Save yourself some time and just avoid them altogether. The music was almost compltely unecessary and I turned it off...it just didn't fit with the world.Don't pay more than $5.00 for this game. You will get around 5 hours of play out of it....if your a decently skilled gamer. It has ZERO replayablity. While the initial story was great, the ending was quite possibly one of the worst I've seen in a long time. It was a complete and total debacle, which essentially ruined the game for me. Also, because of the nature of the game, once you've figured it out, there is literally no point in playing again."
,Not Recommended,258520,20254935,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dan Bull,"This game kept glitching so that I could not progress further, and when I quit out and loaded the game up again, huge amounts of progress had been lost. I spent more time backtracking and re-doing parts of the game than I did actually discovering anything new.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198032295444,Not Recommended,258520,17727945,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Hansel,"Not for everyone. Not a exactly a game, but rather an interactive story, a slow paced one.My personal opinion as a veteran hard core gamer is that  this game is - BEAUTIFUL but..... boring (for me). No hard feelings, it is just a personal opinion. If you like to play it, repare for something different and approach it with no expectations... who knows, you might like it. Especially if you are patient player who does not mind exploring beautifull , lonely environments looking for clues for the story to move on."
,Recommended,258520,13487704,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bich Bomie Buan,"While this game may be quite short (took me 4 hours to 100%), what it lacks in length it makes up for in it's story. This game is outstanding. You play as a mysterious detective, searching for a young boy who vanished name Ethan Carter. To tell anymore would spoil the story. The graphics are spectacular, absolutely stunning, as well as the soundtrack that fits perfectly with the atmosphere of the game. But be warned, this game is quite difficult due to the fact there is literally NO HANDHOLDING. You are thrust in the game to do as you wish. It's the least linear game out there. All in all it is a fantastic experience and is worth $20 easily, most definitely the $11 it is on sale right now. What are you doing still reading, buy the game."
,Not Recommended,258520,18313952,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,qbart,"I've completed the game, liked the idea about guessing story order but generally gameplay is extremely boring, most of time you just walk and nothing exciting (at least for me) happens. I expect more from this kind of game. Sorry but didn't like it."
76561198017971525,Not Recommended,258520,22136692,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Draz,"Note: It looks like I only played this game for 49 minutes, but I actually played entirely through on the Redux version. Unfortunately, Steam will not allow me to review the Redux Version and would not let me review this game until I installed the original version and let it run.Pros:- It is a pretty game.- The mood is downright creepy at times.- The investigation mechanics are interesting and organically motivate the player to solve what happened and continue their investigation.Cons:- I disliked the ending of the game.Long discussion regarding the ending:I was linked to an article which discusses the ending of the game at length, and I've had some more time to think about it.I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with ambiguous game endings. They can be done very well. For example, in Ocarina of Time, when young Zelda turns to face Link we are left with a big question: Does Zelda remember anything at all about all of the time travel and hardships that we have gone through to save her? Or have we permanently erased all of her memores of that by saving the world?I also don't think there is anything inherently wrong with having a twist either. Twists can be very effective. Look at Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock. When I first saw that movie, I was completely freaked out by meeting Norman Bates' grandmother.I think the twist or amgibuous ending is not effective in this game is because it erases or invalidates the agency of the player.Up until the ending, we (Paul Prospero) have done a lot of legwork. We have solved multiple murders by dipping into the spirit world. We have evaded a monster in a stressful stealth section. For all of our work, we are expecting a payoff.Our overall goal: Saving Ethan Carter's life. The game never explicitly tells us this is the goal, but we don't need to be told. We want to save Ethan, for multiple reasons:- The murder segments portray Ethan as an innocent kid. We feel bad for him.- The internal monologue portrays us as a detective or investigator of some kind. An intelligent, analytical type. Probably the sort who would rather save a child than kill a child.- The internal monologue states that Paul knows about the evil in the valley. He describes it in negative terms, so he likely wants to foil it.- The murder segments show that Ethan is being pursued by people with evil intent.- The murder segments show that Ethan continues to narrowly escape death. We admire Ethan's resourcefulness and ability to stay one step ahead.- We are not given a timeframe for when these events occured, how long ago they happened. It may be too late if we don't hurry.- All of our actions and footsteps lead us closer to Ethan.So, given our goals and the assumed persona of Paul Prospero, an ideal ending or payoff would resolve Ethan's situation due to our actions. Our agency had some sort of result, for better or for worse.The ending does not work well in Ethan Carter because it destroys our agency and it makes our work irrelevent. Since there are multiple interpretations on what the ending means, I will show what I mean for several of them:Interpretation 1. If Paul is only in Ethan's imagination, then we don't exist. All of our hard work and actions (walking around, sleuthing, evading monsters) did not happen. We are fictional. Ethan dies in a fire (most likely) and there is nothing we ever did about it. You had no agency.Interpretation 2. If Paul is Death or an Angel transitioning Ethan to the other side, then the legwork we accomplished (sleuthing, solving crimes) is incongruous to the end goal. Remember that all of our actions have been moving towards saving Ethan's life, or at least resolving the ""sleeper"" situation. We are again told that all of that legwork does not relate to actual reality. All of the murders we solved never occured in real life. While we do save Ethan's ""soul"" or transition him to the after-life, it is not rewarding because we, as Paul, never worked at doing that through the game.Interpretation 3. If the entire game is also just a story of Ethan's, then we don't exist. We had no agency. Our legwork did not matter.I think there is a lot of frustration with this game not because of a twist or an ambiguous ending, but because the game rips away the agency of the players at the worst possible moment, after all the work to reach the ending. There is no payoff. In fact, it tears down the work they did to reach the ending.This ending might have actually worked well if ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" was a movie or a book, not a video game. In a book, I would just read about Paul Prospero's actions. I would be along for the ride, not deciding what he does. If he was fictional in the end, that would not bother me. It's Paul's problem, not mine. In a film, same thing. However, in an interactive video game, the ending pokes the player directly in the chest and boldly declares ""YOU DO NOT EXIST"" or ""YOUR ACTIONS DID NOT MATTER"".That said, any game that can make me empathize with the protagonist and become him for several hours is not all that bad. I was honestly extremely interested in the supernatural detective bit, taking on a Cthulu-level crisis. It is a shame they wasted what had been, up until the ending, a very engaging and intense gaming experience. Paul Prospero is awesome. It is too bad he never existed."
76561197986990575,Not Recommended,258520,16706474,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Wado Kai,"This game is a playable mystery movie. It is not about action, it is about watching the plot unfold as you solve puzzles. Your character has very limited abilities in the ""movie"" - you can walk/run, view things, interact with things, and crouch. Everything is in first-person view. There is no real ""action"" - you won't be shooting at things, or ducking, or anything like that. You will be moving from puzzle to puzzle in order to advance the plot.Graphics are very pretty (Unreal engine), and when everything is turned up to max it can cause even a beefy system to jitter every now and then. Sound consists or eerie music and environmental sounds, all of which are good.I find it hard to say if the game is good or bad... The very first words you see upon running the game tell you flat out that the game does not hold your hand. Simple puzzles are just that, but more advanced puzzles are not self-evident. If you like puzzle games, you will probably like this game. If you like playable movie games, you may like this game.I like puzzle games (e.g., Portal, Portal 2, Limbo, etc.). I don't have much experience with playable movies, although the PlayStation Drake's series feel that way. This game just hasn't drawn me in.One annoying feature of the game is savegames. The game only does saves at certain checkpoints, and those checkpoints, from what I can tell, are at the beginning of each puzzle. Some puzzles take a while to complete, so if you do 80% and then need to close the game, when you load the game up you lose all your progress. I really hate that.As a result of all this, I won't give the game a global recommendation. If you like puzzle games and playable movie games, you may like this game. I would keep a walkthrough handy if I were you...Rating: 3/5"
76561198129525945,Not Recommended,258520,16707519,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,pierreluc.beaudry,"It is a good game but a bit disapointing. It took me 6 hours more or less to finish the game. Altough the visual are nice, I believe that the price doesn't reflect the game."
,Not Recommended,258520,18550405,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sixty Space,"The save system completely ruins the game. It only saves at specific times, and you don't know when that is until you log in again.Can not recommend unless you have enough time on your hands to either play the whole thing through at once or to replay some of the story every time you log in."
,Not Recommended,258520,15205358,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Clan Moonglorious,This game is REALLY short. Beat it in under a hr. The game is beautiful and the land is immersive and the story is great but for the price I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. If it was $5 or so then yes but $20 - NO WAY.
76561198149824617,Not Recommended,258520,13299263,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,diablo_feb4,"horrible i cant even play and when i contacted customer support never replied so i could even use the game!!!!!!! what a waste of money!!!!!! posted in steam, amd gaming, on arc, and on any feedback site i could!!!!!!!! no one even came to help to figure out the problem!"
76561198103636080,Not Recommended,258520,16396377,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sk8ryank,"Although the graphics and texturing were beauitfully done, the gameplay was so ridiculously short it is not worth the 20 bucks I paid for it. I finished the game in less than 6 hours, and unfortunately with this game once you finish the game there's nothing left to do. With games like the GTA series you can at least get stuff you missed, play multiplayer, do mini games etc but here once you finish you're done."
76561198099708528,Not Recommended,258520,13993078,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MadCowOnCrack,Meh: visual masterbation held loosely apart by a point and click mystery. The visuals do make it worth a wander through though if on special.
,Not Recommended,258520,15007773,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,AB_Attack,"Beautiful. But that's it pretty much. I wanted to love this but it could've been so much more, and better. The story was objectively ok but subjectively not pleasing enough. The feelings of mystery and suspence fade when not understanding what to do, backtrack and finally play the game with walkthrough on alt tab.This cannot match the fabulous Dear Esther."
76561197996274858,Not Recommended,258520,15228078,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,tegwar00,The narrative never grabbed me.
76561198080123067,Not Recommended,258520,15414051,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Toocat,"Most overrated game I've ever played. Very nice graphics but absolutely borring .. the story itself is a total fail, the map itself has tons of unused of potential"
,Not Recommended,258520,15571335,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Merlin4,"Interesting...Reminds me of myst, but with less puzzles and more story.  The ending is fitting, but it leaves so many plot holes unfilled, things at least fit together until then.Graphically it is a gorgeous game, I just wish there wasn't invisible walls everywhere, they make the game much more linear than it needed to be.  Whoever worked on all the rocks littered throughout the game did a great job though.If it weren't for the $20 price tag I'd recommend this, but there just isn't enough gameplay depth to justify the current price tag.  (It only took me 8 hours of playtime to get all the achievements, and beware there really isn't any replay value here.)"
76561197996209581,Not Recommended,258520,16861771,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,OwenStarkiller,"""Vanishing"" is a uniquely beautiful game.  It opens with a wonderful vista of a lakeside town.  As the game progresses it is clear that the art team did an excellent job with well designed houses, perfect atmospheric effects, and a sense of light despair (the whole game runs at just before sunset it seems).The voice acting is where things first get choppy.  The lead, Prospero is good, but the other actors don't do as well.  One can hardly blame them, they've been given dialogue that isn't exactly inspiring.  There seems to be an enormous amount of yelling ""Ethan!"" and not much telling of a story.  The characters are also more than a little thin.This of course is due to the game's conceit.  It is diffcult to write much of a review about the conceit without spoiling the story.  However, let it be said that the game itself produces little in the way of real clues since the ending is a lie.  And that is what convinced me to negatively review this game.  The ending isn't so much a twist but a knife to the heart of anything in the mystery genre.  It effectively renders the clues meaningless and makes the effort of the protagonist pointless.Find a different game.  Like that spider game for iOS which tells a better murder mystery with no words.THE FOLLOWING IS A RESPONSE TO ADRAIN PALMA'S COMMENT.  I POST IT HERE DUE TO THE 1000 CHARACTER COMMENT LIMITI'll be blunt in my response.  As the review mentions the artwork itself was well done.  There were good things in the game.  The writing, however, was not one of them.  And in a narrative game that is important.Your writers argue in the essay that you linked that there is a twist and ambiguity.  A twist suprises the audience and reveals a deeper story when well executed.  You make mention of Sixth Sense which does exactly that.  Again, I don't want to reveal here, because it isn't the place for it and some may like the game, but I don't feel your twist accomplishes that goal.In Ethan Carter the twist _removes_ the characters.  The mother in particular makes no sense after the reveal of the twist.  Her motives in the original plot line are clear in the twist plot line she is at best vague.  Likewise Ethan's brother goes from passable and reluctant villian to vile in the twist.  The grandfather and the father are the only two that preserve any character and that because they are both effectively passive and weak.The biggest confusion though is the sleeper.  The entire pre-twist storyline makes him the antagonist and the motive for all of the chacters actions.  He _makes_ them evil.  The post-twist storyline though completely inverts this without any explanation.  For that reason I find your reasons (1) and (2) lacking in any emotional depth and narratively confusing.(3) is the biggest departure.  If true three makes the twist even more cheap and is equivalent to the, ""and then the holodeck malfunctioned, and he was back to reality"".  At that point we have no justification for having any feeling for any of the characters at all because they are so thoroughly meta'd as to be meaningless.And that's the problem.  You set your audience up to listen to a certain type of story and then effectively lied to them in order to pull of your ""smart"" trick.  That's cheating and your audience will react appropriately because you've asked them to invest in a story that you have declared non-existant.  It is the saddest of post-modernist constructions.Consider, off the top of my head, that the twist was that Ethan was the bad guy.  The visions are mind control tricks, and the stories are talismans that he uses against Prospero.  The visions are all cluttered reworkings of reality that he must bind with truth phsically such that there are always clues nearby of the real story.  That would have been a twist that would have been faithful to the characters and the setting.  Instead you _undid them and your setting_.Probably most disappointing is that it works with the endlessly over done bookish younger brother is picked on by world only to be the breath of life in the whole universe.  One misses Poe's and his friend Howard's far more masculine protagonists.  I actually found myself dislking Ethan by midway through the game.  That dislike was only strengthened by the end in whichhe fails to run over six feet of flame to save his life and effectively curls up in a ball and dies to satisfy the story.  Our protagonist has all the spark of life of a damp rag.  He is not like, again to mention him, Howard who went from a rather limp man to a competive boxer who challenged his parents and made an independent living for himself.  Instead Ethan folds and dies.So I appreviate the beauty.  I wanted to _live_ in that valley after I was done.  The story though was not equal to the artists work and undermined the entire game."
,Not Recommended,258520,17480827,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Smokes lets go,"Hugely dissapointed. Very overatted. The graphics are outstanding but the ""gameplay"" is very boring you just walk around and the most action you get is cut scenes pretty much. Which were good mind you however if I wanted a storyline without gameplay where I'm actually doing something and involved in it I would simply watch a movie and have a much better time because I wouldn't just be wandering around wondering what I'm doing."
76561197979114425,Not Recommended,258520,17570154,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,*teajayem*,Way too short and not very intuitive til almost the very end. I wish I would have read more reviews before wasting my $20.
76561198073596312,Not Recommended,258520,13787212,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AS7471,"Hated it. No sense of direction, ended up wandering around for ages without a clue of what to do. Had to resort to an online walkthrough to help me through most of it. Storyline was ok, just a bit weird and pointless. Graphics was ok but kept freezing and glitching. Can't believe I paid over £10 for this! Very annoyed with myself. Will not be playing again.If you're into exploring for hours and you are patient then you'll like it I'm sure, as for me, I'll be deleting this and wishing I could sell it back. Wait until it drops to below £5."
76561198030824996,Not Recommended,258520,13972158,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,towerwizard,"I'd like to recommend this game, but I cannot.It is a really beautiful game, and most of the puzzles are well made, and I like some of the mechanics that is being used. Most of all, I liked the atmosfear of the game; it is really creepy, with nice thematic music.However, the game is too short (I finished it in 6-7 hours), has no replay value (since it is a non-branching story), many times you are just walking around trying to stumble on the next thing to do, and when you do find out you have to do something, you (read I) kind of just have to guess as to what exactly it is you must do and in what order. In one area, if you make a mistake, you have to try to redo it, but the way the game handled the mistake made me think that I should do something else first, when in fact I should have just tried again. The big thing, though, is that even after finishing the game in two consecutive days, I don't really understand what just happend, story wise.So, if you really enjoy linear storytelling games, go ahead and buy it. And if it would have cost 5$, maybe I would have recommended it in spite of what I just wrote above. As it is, I don't think it is worth its asking price."
,Not Recommended,258520,15167733,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Acerbic,"This game looks pretty, but the actual gameplay is not that good. The content is maybe 1 hour long tops if you have a walkthrough, but independent play will take much longer - and not because of interesting or complex puzzles, as you might expect from a mystery/detective game, no, its because you will run circles around the map looking for clues in frustration and fury.If you decide to play the game, your best friend is a match stick - to jam ""Run"" key on your keyboard, otherwise expect hand cramps and game lasting even longer."
,Not Recommended,258520,15364516,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,a.riches,For the price this game is charging it is not worth it. Completed in 2 1/2 hours.
76561198102546530,Not Recommended,258520,14475594,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,s0900,"What I was able to play, through all the stutters and glitches, was very cool.  Such a pity game developers think we all havewater cooled super computers.  Us common folk just use what we can afford.  I searched the forums and tweeked the game  to their recommendations, even downloaded a Razor Game Booster.  Still glitchy, freeze ups galore.  Finally went through the game to the end, with no payoff.  The mine maze story would never roll after I got flooded, just dirty water and bubbles, leading to a restart, even after setting graphic mode in windowed as suggested.  So I just plowed through to the end scene which did just that, end, with a map that teleported me back to the only place I could not complete, the mine maze.  Dirty water, bubbles, and no place to go.  Wasted money and time."
76561198101202096,Not Recommended,258520,15189010,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Team Chris,"If you enjoy playing find the needle in a haystack then youll love this game.Good graphic, music and an interesting stong cant save this from being an extremely frustrating and tedious experience.If you do decide to to give it a try then id recomend playing with a guide."
,Not Recommended,258520,15207389,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Josh,"Not worth the price for a hand holding visual novel,"
76561198055609060,Not Recommended,258520,15234112,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,sustipan,"With so much going for it, it's a shame Ethan Carter shoots itself in the foot by not letting me save my game manuallythumbs down , only because of this issue.."
76561198039111328,Not Recommended,258520,15680812,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,gienwovn,"Pretty graphics, extremely short. Shows promise for future games with better ending, similar scene investigation. Below $5 would be worthwhile."
76561198002668861,Not Recommended,258520,17229863,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Geist,"Beautiful environments and a mildly interesting storyline. That's all this game offers.The gameplay is abyssmal; it's like a massive scavenger hunt without any list of what you're scavenging for. You literally run all over the place looking for something that you can click on to inspect, then something else you can inspect, and then you'll get to solve a mediocre difficulty puzzle, and you rinse and repeat this process about 5-6 times throughout the game.I truly wanted to like this game. It's an interesting concept. The execution is simply poor.The only reason this game is 3-4 hours long is because you'll spend a good hour or two just running all over figuring out what the hell to do next.""Doesn't hold your hand"" is code for ""Provides no direction whatsoever, and wants you to find miniature items that blend in completely with environments. Have fun!""Literally, you at one point need to find a rock. A *rock*. Oh and guess what you're next to? A river bed. Which is absolutely covered in rocks.3/10, would not pay full price for it. Only reason I'm not furious is that I got it on Steam sale.Developers could *really* do better than they did here and I'm pretty sure they know it."
,Not Recommended,258520,13235615,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Moriendor,"I'm not quite sure why this game is getting all these good reviews. I can not really recommend it. There is way too litte gameplay here. All you do is play as a camera moving through the world and doing very simple interactions. That isifyou can actually find the interactive pieces. This can be quite unfun, in fact, when you are looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack. Many things are obvious but there are also several annoyingly hidden things that are quite easy to miss and it is simply not fun to pixel hunt in a world of this size when you don't even know whether to look close by or far away.The game definitely should have had a short example murder case separate from the story as a tutorial to explain some of the basics. It is easy to miss the forest for the trees and get confused about how to progress in the beginning (the ""no handholding"" thing is not a good excuse to not explain at least the fundamental gameplay stuff).Exploration is a massive waste of time as most of the world is empty. The lack of any real save feature is also irritating to say the least.On the plus side we'd have to acknowledge that the visuals are beautiful. Very nice and atmospheric. The only problems I noticed were that my MSI Afterburner showed thousands of FPS in DirectX 9 mode, even though the game was actually stuttering quite a bit at the highest details with 8x MSAA turned on @ 2560x1440.The story is interesting and was the only thing that motivated me to keep playing. Unfortunately, it was also fairly confusing at times and pretty weird with that sleeper and some of the supernatural stuff that did not really match with the whole setting very well. It did come together OK in the end, however, and it was fun reading about others' interpretations of the events and the ending on the forums.On a whole I just can't recommend this game. Maybe when it's on sale for €/$ 4.99 but anything above that and you risk severe disappointment. You can spend probably between 5 and 10+ hours playing the game if you don't know what to do and have to search, pixel hunt and trial&error a lot but if you know what to do then the actual content is only about an hour or two MAX and that's just because -even when sprinting- it will take lots of time to cover the long distances in the game world. Some people might consider the pixel hunting and trial&error fun but to me it was just a waste of time at some point so I admit I used a guide every time when I couldn't figure something out after a few minutes.A possible sequel needs:- A proper tutorial (separate from the main game, maybe even just in text form accessible from the main menu)- Way more gameplay and interaction with the world, NPCs and objects- A less empty game world where exploration is more rewarding- Maybe a journal with optional basic hints on how to proceed and maybe with a map, too- More risk (for the MC to die)- A save feature - ideally save anytime/anywhere quick saves for people with RL obligations"
76561197960802067,Not Recommended,258520,15167307,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Grinners,Beautiful graphics on what appears to be a graphical demonstration. A few puzzles thrown about and 4 hours of time playing it. Would not recomend.
76561198046060005,Not Recommended,258520,15168675,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Odd,"Only buy this if you have money to spend on almost nothing.1. Graphics: The game is beautiful, No argument there, Graphics is awesome. +12. Story: Story starts out interesting and you immerse yourself trying to find Ethan. But then the story makes a couple of   pointless plottwist that makes you feel like story writers created the twists first, then created the story only to be able to have said twists. And they weren't even good.                                                     -13. Gameplay: Be prepared to walk ALOT.  Sure the scenery is nice, but when you have to spend 1/3 of the game just walking to get from point A to point B it gets old really fast. Bugs and fluency was allright.   -14. Difficulty:   For a game thats supposed to be a puzzle solver it was way too easy. Only one puzzle had me rack my brains a bit and even that didn't take too long.                                                     -15. Lenght:  Normally I don't complain about short games as long as they are really good or they have replay value. This game has none of that. And considering I finished in one evening in under 4 hours its not worth the money.     -16. Replayability:  Since the game is mostly based on a story twist there is no replay value after you find it out. None. -1total:  - 4Who would want this game? If you are the kind of person who only cares about the story (even if the story is like a 50 page novel), and you are into dark and wierd mystery, You MIGHT like this. But I still suggest other cinematic interaction games before this one."
76561197971817643,Not Recommended,258520,13605677,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Proseidon۞,"This game is pretty medicore and semi buggy. It start off without any instruction. You wander a fairly open map of a mountain side, a dam and a homestead. What you eventually figure out is you are punished for wandering the entire map. The way to move forward is to stay in a single small area exploring everywhere and collecting clues and not leaving that area until its solved.I spent a good half hour wandering around one area, wondering what I was missing, until finally consulting a guide. As it turn it was a poor programming( a bug?) that kept me from completing it. On the second mysstery, near the train crank, I had stuttered my click instead of holding click. The game decided i had viewed the vision and never let me see it again. Time to load my game. This was the first time for this type of event (the swirling word match) and it doesn't explain how its suppose to work. So if you misclick, your game is over and you don't know it. The challenge should be in the puzzles or story, not in battling buggy game mechanics."
76561198088262467,Not Recommended,258520,13799477,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,rjchancock,"Beautiful to look at ,  and a joy to walk around , but as for gameplay..... well soon gets boring ."
76561198026361644,Not Recommended,258520,18792597,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,clockworksaga,"How did this stale walking-sim get such glowing reviews from everybody?I'll leave it at that, read the other reviews..."
76561197968275086,Not Recommended,258520,16396682,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TOMARSE,"I reluctantly don't recommend this game.  It is definitely a beautiful game but little interaction with the environment you are exploring (unless you come across one of the ""clues"").  It's enjoyable but quite short when all is said and done.  If I was given a choice between this game and Myst I would go with Myst."
,Not Recommended,258520,16846792,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Blizky,This game is very short and boring. Camera moving around would work as a good screen saver.
76561198002975584,Not Recommended,258520,13796274,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Gatz,"After finishing it in about 3-4 hours I was really dissapointed. I would have finished it faster if there was any indication that you can run while holding shift. Concept of the game was great. It had potential, but turned out to be a short story. If this was a single episode like TellTale games I would say it was good. But since it's not I feel it was not worth the money paid."
76561197991894833,Recommended,258520,20128984,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,HuSSaR,"Amazing game that makes me think about it long time after finishing it. I played it in Polish language and now I'm thinking about another run in English. Its pure art game with beautiful graphics and story with twist ending. Pick it up and play on big screen with steam controller at night and you will have a blast, but any way you play it will suffice."
,Recommended,258520,12252496,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Convivial JW,"If you're looking for a long game, This is not the game for you.  However, if you're looking for an amazing story with a bit of thrill, anger and fear mixed in, go ahead. Get it. I liked it. It was amazing, even. Well priced, too."
,Recommended,258520,12255601,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,uFaild,This game was amazing. The story wasn't flawless but it was definitely very very very well written. took me about 3 hours to finish the game. Lots to explore. Very little bugs. Very beautiful scenery.Rating: 9.5/10
,Recommended,258520,12251780,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a revelation. It has the beauty and depth of Dear Esther, but with intriguing and dynamic gameplay mechanics. The world is absolutely gorgeous and exploring it is both grand and somber. TVOEC manages to accomplish something quite amazing in that it is a narrative focused game, with no combat whatsoever and yet it feels like a good ""game"". It sits near Ico and Shadow of the Colossus as something that gamers can proudly display to the world as evidence that our passion does indeed have artistic integrity yet it's also a complete joy to play as a videogame. If all you care about are kill counts, combos or scores you might not be up for it, but if you always wanted to be the center of an epic mystery or just want to experience something that truly feels fresh in the gaming world, Ethan Carter is a bright and shining game that will suck you in and stay with you even when you're gone."
76561197961252670,Recommended,258520,12251862,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rolf Rutin,"Great game, there is one story that really feel misplaced though. They would've been better off without it or had it reworked, it really removes alot of the eerie atmosphere. It also feel like there is a greater amount of work put into the first halfthan the second.I really recommend this game, awesome story (except that one part) and graphic setting. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,258520,12254857,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TheWackyWombat,"Excellent game, I played it in a single sitting because I didn't want to put it down."
76561198114697564,Recommended,258520,12255229,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,GreenJedda,"Solid gameplay. Amazing voive actors and special effects. Gets abit tedious with the travelling but hey, a good way to burn off those extra calorie's right? Overall i'd rate this a solid 9.5/10 or for those of you with a touch of OCD a solid 10 just for you. Anyway i really suggest you enjoy the experence of this game for yourselves and see what ""The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter"" has install for you!"
76561198053130695,Recommended,258520,12255288,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Mythos.Core,"This was hands down the most engaging game I have played in a long time. The storry is compelling, the characters engaging, the climax moving. My only complaint is that it was far too short. I hope that this company goes on to make many more games, as I would buy everyone."
76561198027944638,Recommended,258520,12255634,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Naebot,"Finished this game not too long ago and I have to say it was worth the $20. The game itself has beautiful graphics, the landscape looks so real, you'll think you're playing a fully modded out Skyrim, maybe better. The story is engaging and is suspensful until the very end. While some may complain the the game is only about 4 hours long, with the beautiful graphics, great storytelling, and interesting game mechanics, there is no way you can complain for only $20. Definitely a must buy for those who like detective/mystery themed games or suspensful-storytelling games. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,258520,29020373,Posted: 4 January,all,✪DяZZ✪,"Really Really Bored within 1hr. Walking simulator, no clear goals, just backtracking and when you do find a clue, there is no feeling or reward. No point in continuing this investigation.Was hoping for a compelling game..."
76561197970625304,Not Recommended,258520,14316435,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Xtracurlyfries,"This game goes from atmospheric and interesting to pretty damn awful in a hurry.  There's really only one puzzle in the game, they just repeat it multiple times.  The story also goes downhill fast, beginning with an interesting scenario and becoming trite.The auto-save feature is extremely frustrating and there are parts that take forever to figure out simply because the next step is difficult to find, not difficult to figure out.  There's a difference between a game not holding your hand and a game giving you busy work for no reason.  This game loves to make you jump through its hoops, apparently thinking that moody music and some pretty beautiful visuals will sustain your interest.  It won't."
,Recommended,258520,16604399,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shadow Knight,Many people hyped the game because of its great graphics so I bought it at steam sale. Here is my experience with this game:Positive pointsGraphicsThe game looks pretty sweet. I expected a little bit more after the big hype about the graphic but the game looks good enough.AtmosphereVery good! I really like the feeling while I walked around the world. Some people complain that the world is dead (for example no animals in the fortress) but I like that because it fits to the game atmosphere.PuzzlesThe puzzles are quite good! They are not too hard to solve but you have to think about what you have to do next. Good mix for casual puzzle player. Hardcore puzzlers may find the puzzles too easy.Neutral pointsStoryThe story is one of the most important points of the game. I enjoyed the tour but the ending was.. well it could be better. The story is also not that long. I completed the story in about 5 hours - without rushing. You can discover everything and you can also get all achievements in this 5 hours without having a time problem.BugsNot many. The elevators are the main source for serious bugs (glitching through the elevator) and also got some vision bugs at a cut scene but at all I didnt have many bugs found.GameplayWell this game is more a interactive movie than a real game. It doesnt have real gamplay and you will spend a lot of time with just walking around.Negative pointsSave SystemSave points are badly placed. No option to save the game on your own.ReplayabilityAfter you finished the game you will have no real reason to play it again. There are no alternative endings. The only reason to start the game again is to get the achievements (you will get nearly all if you just complete the game).In the end I have to say that the game is not worth 19€ because of the lack of content. If you enjoy games like this you should definitively buy and play this game but wait until it is on sale. Suggested price is 5-8€ in my opinion.
,Recommended,258520,12370374,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Watson,"Easily best described as similar gameplay to that of Dear Esther. This beautifully developed and detailed toss into the life of Ethan Carter can only be experienced; not just written about.Within the first minutes of the game I had already had several jump frights which got me on edge expecting what more could be coming. From blood, gore, and the detailed story that follows with it; you play a detective looking for the missing Ethan Carter. You travel through the fantastic world (and Yes... I stood in awe - See the screenshots I took) trying to solve the case.Through the eyes of the detective you find a world unexpected and a family in turmoil.As this is your last case... it will certainly take you on a rollercoaster through the life of a young boy, scorn and outcast.Highly Recommend!"
76561198091746704,Not Recommended,258520,29530546,Posted: 27 January,all,ostegoej,"I like some of these narrative pc-games with some small puzzle elements. When the story is very good.Then I don't mind it being linear and that I have no other job than discovering the different plot relevant items etc.But this story was not all that good. Sure – you can argue that a childs mind is erratic and full of plot holes, but the story was  not deep, not interesting. The ending was meant as a twist, but it just seemed weird. Kid's got issues. None of the other characters seemed believable. Meh. Not worth the price in my oppinion. Oh and as a side note. They try to make it seem like open world, but it isn't, so the free roaming is just plain annoying. Also if you are an achievement monger, then play the original, because you won't get achivements for the redux.Btw. I could only review the normal eddition, but completed the redux edition. That is the reason for the small amount of playtime.... Completion time was 4 hours and I am no hard core gamer."
76561198007215017,Recommended,258520,12274489,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,telamiina,An experience vicual experience with story that raises some feelings and deep thoughts. And that is a good thing.Not to expencive as it is a short game.Though in gameplay terms it's  little shallow.Ending actually answers lots of my thougts about game and its feeling etc.Mystical experience :DPresentation 10/10Story 9/10Gameplay 6/10
,Recommended,258520,16398101,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,PapaToXic #<3,Weow. This game is one of the best I've ever played. You don't find many games like this that at the end make you to think what you actually did at your life10\10          -One of the best games
,Recommended,258520,12251018,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,slimepuddle,"This is probably what people will call a ""walking simulator"", not that that's a bad thing. While there are puzzles and a plot to piece together, a lot of the experience is in the atmosphere - and what an atmosphere it is!Good:+ The game looks and sounds absolutely beautiful, even on my 5-year-old PC. Fantastic effort from a small team.+ Puzzles that require some thought - a good challenge without being frustrating.+ An absolutely huge and detailed map with no loading screens (except the very start). Very open.Bad:- Some (few!) game-stopping bugs - for me, one progress-critical valve was unusable until I reloaded the game.- I can see people struggling with the size of the map - if you explore everything (like I did), you won't have to backtrack. But if you have to backtrack, it might take a while to get from point A to B.- The game uses only checkpoint-saves, and only seems to have one slot.Other:~ The game is short. I finished in about 5 hours' time, and I can see people sprinting through faster. Not a bad thing, necessarily, but if you really care about the length-for-money thing, keep that in mind.~ Very slow-paced. It's not about a run-and-gun private eye, but a guy trying to piece together a string of crimes. No explosions, gunfights, or interrogations. Again, not bad, but if you're looking for that, this isn't it.~ The plot takes some thinking to piece together - each crime is a part of the whole story, and you probably won't run into them in order. Then the ending complicates things further.tl;dr: Slow, atmospheric, interesting and confusing story. I enjoyed it, but others might not."
,Recommended,258520,12254742,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,BadBad,"I believe that this game broke new ground in terms of video games. They used a method of creating 3d objects called ""photoscanning"" which basically means ""take hundreds of pictures of an object from every possible angle"" and then the pictures are compiled into a photo-realistic 3d object. Pretty amazing.Anyway, this game might seem very slow and boring, but it gains momentum throughout.Graphics: 11/10 (Best-looking video game I have ever played)Gameplay: 8/10Story: 10/10 - The story, in my opinion, was extremely unique and there were no plot holes as far as I am concerned. I loved it.Overall, this game has turned into one of my favorite indie games.~fin~"
,Recommended,258520,12256756,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Rico,"Graphics - amazing although it may sometimes enter the uncanny valley.Atmosphere- creepy and strangeHorror - really scary at someparts, just creepy at othersworth a buy - yesWOOH \O/ FIRST SERIOUS REVIEW I HAVE DONE!!!"
,Recommended,258520,12247204,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,lovelycourtney,Beat the game.... Even though I'm sad to have already beat the game in about 4hours the game was very addictive & has you hooked on it to the very end. LOVED IT!  This game is a 8/10 for me would be a 10/10 but the shortness takes off some :( Very Beautiful game worth the 20$ I'd recommend you to buy it. Hope who made this game comes out with more games like this.... Def will buy.
76561197993800122,Recommended,258520,12256989,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Nefiran,Allready cleared the game. It was a bit short but totally worth every second i played it.
76561198088078666,Recommended,258520,12256648,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,RabidTweak,"WOW! This is a different experience! The environment is very much alive and visually stunning. By far the best I have seen. No grinding, no high scores it's just you, the environment, the soundtrack and the story line. If you enjoy great visuals coupled with an excellent sound track, this is not an experience you want to miss.Go check out some of the screenshots I uploaded!"
76561198049682995,Recommended,258520,12247055,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Andale,"Good game, but it is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i.n.g short"
,Recommended,258520,12252109,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,redicius,"Amazing, finished in +/- 4 hours and really liked id. The story is amazing and the graphics is mindblowing ..."
,Recommended,258520,12254503,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Nerdandanoob,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, I have been egarly awaiting this particular game for a while. I will say the game is around 4 to 5 hours based off of what others and freinds have said.I will say this, this game once beaten will have virtually no replay value so make sure you are going into it with that in mind. This is a game to not be rushed and taken slowly. The voice acting, visuals and gameplay are all excellent. Also....i got a jumpscare from some traps in the woods -_-DEVS: This is addressed to you, I would love it if you guys could release the packs to allow for mods. Imagine the types of mysteries people could create with a game like this. There is great custom stories for amnesia out there, would be nice to have a murder/mystery version of the same. VoEC has a great base and content that could be build upon. At the very least I would like some more stories in the future seeing as how the replay value flies out the window after the game is finished :(Here Part 1 of my playthrough if you would like to see the first few minutes. No need to like or sub just for those that want a quick peak at the game without watching a full lets play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCN1yCZUSxE&list=UUisUHoE9KTEyTrsGnc4vDFQ"
,Recommended,258520,12247095,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Interference,"Gorgeous, atmospheric, has a few interesting puzzles and a great story with an ending that lingers long after you're done playing. The only caveat: it's around 3 hours in length. If you can't justify spending out on this, you might want to wait for a sale."
76561198007937762,Recommended,258520,12247088,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ZigFreid,"I've been waiting for it since... erm... guess since the september 2013, can't even recall where I first saw it. Then I found astrocrew's website and started reading pretty much everything they've posted so soon I was digging the game so, so much, haha. I love Adrian's views on many things, I may not be agree with them but I certainly do respect them. He was so open about the game (may be not just he, dunno who wrote all the tumblr and twitter posts), so sincere and so fascinated by what he was doing, so soon I became fascinated too – not only but the game by gamedev in whole.I was ready for outcome being very, very bad, with many issues indie-projects usually have. I especially worried about level design and its filling as many games tend to be empty and, ehm, strange, like small but completely plain and empty forest in Betrayer or The Forest (it's an alpha tho with all the sexy mountains being still locked). In Eathan's case I worried for no reason. The level design is so beautiful and realistic that it hurts haha. Every hill, every rock, every road or path or this enormous dam and this crumbled wall near it, or those mountains, sexy, yeah, around the lake before Vandergrifft's house are just perfect - along with the stream flowing from there with this crystal sound calming even though I know there is some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happening around which tends to become even creepier the moment I relax; but nah, nothing can get to me at such peaceful place, under the gentle evening sun and slight wind, so maybe I'll just stay here forever and the hell with the ending, haha.About its length – it’s rather short indeed. But then, there are Disney’s 6 minutes long “Paperman” and Makoto Shinkai’s “Crossroads” which only require 2 minutes to tell the whole story – and who will say they both are any worse than their full-length mates? And in video games, with all the well-known examples, it’s just the same; just for some reasons people tend to argue about short self-sufficient games more than about self-sufficient animation. But even if there is a huge resentment about not only length but gameplay as well, there is a thing with Ethan (actually, with any short or long, walking or shooting games) that it might be considered an experiment; “Un chien andalou” for video games. It’s The Astronauts’ statement on their views on storytelling, game design, modeling and, and, most of all, on immersion which seems to be their white whale (just with better outcome than Ahab's apparently).For me, Ethan is “we do what wewant” or “we do what we think is right” that is kinda forgotten by the majority of indie-developers who do just what theycan; it carries that jouful spirit of Half-Life’s no-cut-scene thing, or Kojima’s stealth-action insights, or Heavy Rain’s interactivity, iykwim. Yep, sure, I just might have read too much of Adrian’s blog posts, and this is the only reason why I think about Ethan so highly and see all this messianic-ish stuff there; maybe the majority just doesn’t care about the developer and its author's message and does or doesn’t enjoy purely the game itself.But then, how do you understand “The Brothers Karamazov” or “Atlas Shrugged” or Lovecraft’s stories without understanding what ideas the authors were haunted by?"
,Recommended,258520,12254574,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Wob,"Not so much an adventure game, but a procedural based mystery solving game. Still, beautiful imagery, intruiging concepts and some out of the world ideas."
76561198024561128,Recommended,258520,12256260,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sir Reginald Philip Dwight III,"Beautifully rendered and composited imagery and stories.  The developers weren't joking when they said there's no fluff in this game.  Very lovecraftian and one puzzle was scary enough that I said ♥♥♥♥ it and started guessing at the answer without gathering all the puzzle elements.  Completely worth $20.  Bravo, guys."
76561197977917847,Recommended,258520,12247096,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gary,"Just a heads up....I played for 1 hour and 10 minutes, solved the whole first murder on the tracks, ran the sequence perfectly and went on to the next area. I assumed some form of auto save would have kicked in since there is no option to save in the menu. . How ever it did not, no save at all, no way to save that I know of yet. I must start all over from the beginning again. Is saving part of the mystery? Other wise looks wonderfully emmersive, I just dont want to start over each time? Hello?"
,Recommended,258520,12251065,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Shadow Star,"An amazing game with gorgeous visuals, interesting story and cool gameplay. The slightly creepy but beautiful atmosphere gives this game so much life. I enjoyed every second of playing it, absolutely recommend it!"
,Recommended,258520,12251255,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,raksasha_de_lune,"First, there is no killing monsters, shooting bad guys, or blowing things up in this game. If you want an action packed romp, this is not the game for you. If you want something casual, that you can take your time with, that also has great atmosphere and story then I'm confident you will enjoy this game. Likely you have enough knowledge to understand this is a story about a detective with paranormal abilities headed out to search for a boy in trouble. It is a beautiful game. The plot is interesting and there are a few puzzles to solve. Nothing too taxing. Really give the puzzles a try before looking up solutions. The one word of warning I would like to express. I don't meant this as a spoiler or to take away from the game, but it is short. However it tells a complete story, and is enjoyable for the price. I hope the developers have something bigger in the works using this style of game and story telling."
76561198080112784,Recommended,258520,12251982,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,K-McN,"This game is stunning. As of this review Im roughly and hour and a half into it and ive just solved the first murder. It certainly doesnt take this long, its just the world is so immersive and beautiful I couldnt help myself to look around, yes, this game is open world. The only invisible walls ive came across are at the lake, and you cant jump so you cant scale large rocks etc. My first impressions are very basic, this game is creepy as ♥♥♥♥. Its not a horror game, nothing is going to pop out at you and theres not going to be a tall faceless man with a suit on following you in the woods, but it just genuinley feels like a horror game, thats not bad atall IMO but i know some people that will be put off with the fact its a creepy game. What makes it creepy you ask? The chilling soundtrack, the whistling wind, creeking trees and cawing crows are just the start of the insane atmosphere this game creates. If Shadow of Mordor and Far Cry 4 flop, this will get GOTY for sure. Ive never been so immeresed and caring about a game in the first 2 hours, lets just hope it keeps delvivering throught and has a long story.Summary; Good Game, Most beautiful vanilla game ive played, Great Detective type mechanics, Creepy but not Horror, Open world that is filled with detail, Great Story, GOTY contender for sure."
,Recommended,258520,12253183,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Smoky,Great game! and the price is right!
,Not Recommended,258520,32205555,Posted: 5 June,all,theBrost,"For most people, the detail to visual effects, won't overcome the deficit in plot.  Full review below.(Note, I played Ethan Carter Redux, which is different, mainly, in that was built using a better graphics engine.)Awkward Mixture:http://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/06/the-vanishing-of-ethan-carter-redux.html"
,Recommended,258520,34988008,Posted: 15 September,all,Rika,"Screenshot aesthetic walking simulator. Has a pretty interesting horror-esque storyline, but it's kind of short.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter gets a 5/10. It's pretty, but it comes up short as a game."
,Recommended,258520,12274687,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,jonhuggs,If The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was a shoe it would be a new shoe because it doesn't stink. 10/10 would smell again!
76561198050150992,Recommended,258520,20535783,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FieryCandy,A must play for any fan of naritive story games.
,Recommended,258520,16862805,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Raptorz,Awesome graphic ♥10/10 Would make screenshot again!
,Not Recommended,258520,34911963,Posted: 12 September,all,Vortiene,"I played the redux version.It's a reasonably good experience. However, you're going to need more than nice graphics to justify a 20 dollar price tag.This game looks nice. The narrative is okay, just okay. The ""exploration"" is just walking to nodes to experience the story, which arguably isn't exploration, it's just going to the next node in a very linear fashion. The ""exploration"" part of it is where you miss a node due to it simply not being overtly marked and having no map, and then waste a ton of time trying to figure out what you missed, needing to backtrack through 10 minutes of walking through scenery you've already experienced, to find something you just might have missed like a needle in a haystack. Very ""fun"" exploration.However, since it's only 3 hours long, and if you removed the walking to the next node it would really only be about 45 minutes long, it's extremely not worth 20 dollars, regardless of how nice it looks. I'd say the only time it's worth a purchase is when 75% off. Since it isn't usually, I tend not to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,258520,12930181,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CXZman,"I didn't finish the ""game"" but I've seen enough to strongly disagree with the gamedesign of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Here, I'm going to try and understand what happened in the mind of whoever did that. How did we end up with this ""game""?Basically, this product is absolutly blinded by its own concept.The author had an idea, a great idea. He had a story to tell, a world to show, he had a vision. Yet this vision wasn't (yet) playable, he figured he had to make a game to actually share it with gamers. So he went on and did it : he built a 3d world, he grabed some music, animated the thing, and voilà, he had... something. Not a game, but something really nice looking/feeling that he could pour a game into.Then he wrote the story, whatever happened inside that world, whatever he had to tell. But the story was subtle, fragile, it was precious to him. So he only told the very bare minimum of it, by strange fear it would collapse, maybe, then cut what was left from 80% of its content, and then some. When he was left with only a handfull of texts, a couple of bookpages, some remaining dialogs which survived the sacrifices, he managed to get some of it into the world.The product was shaping somewhat like the idea in its dreams but now it was real, not a dream anymore. Which was a problem because it wasn't like its dream. So he kept doing a lot of wrong moves and classic game design errors until he somehow figured that it was ""ready to ship"" (I know that because the game's binary is called ""AstronautsGame-Win64-Shipping.exe"", not because I played the damn thing). He either figured this out because nobody could work on ""that"" anymore or either because he ran out of things that he shouldn't have done in the first place.Somehow he remembered he had to do the basics : start, options, exit. He forgot to get rid of some leftover ""gaming elements"" so he put in some keybindings to do other things than just moving around. Someone must have told him very loudly that his game was TOO SLOW, so he placed a Run button just for the sake of it, not that he seemed to care.Whatever he had in mind stayed where it was. What he shipped to the world was a crude piece of nothingness. It really feels like there was something in the game, and then everything was removed before someone could enjoy it. That would have been far too... popular, vulgar. That would have been gross, ew! Someone enjoy himself! Thinking, reacting, choosing, playing! Yuk!Let's dwelve into the tenderness of doing nothing at all, instead. Let's hear noises, read few words, and virtually walk for miles. Let's not instruct anything to anyone, let's not prevent any player from missing the only point we had to make, and then let's call it elegance or any similar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to top it all.What a sweet time wasted for everyone involved."
,Recommended,258520,17970716,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Mr.Hipster,"Really lots of fun to play it. I spend 2 h for this game and I must say it was worth, every single min. This game gives you lots of entertainment and joy, the only problem is that it could be a bit longer, because the adventure is just too amazing for only 2-3 h."
,Not Recommended,258520,12253765,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lovecraftian,"It's a good game, but to be honest it's really short for it's current pricetag (18,99 euro).I really like atmospheric games with no rush to them, and of course I was suckered in by the Lovecraftian-spirit. The problem the story elements did not really pay off and in the end I was expecting more.Too bad, visual it's a masterpeice tho."
76561197970566982,Not Recommended,258520,16615741,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mogs,The vanishing of £10.The central mystery was not compelling enough for me to persevere through the deliberately obscure presentation & mechanics.
,Not Recommended,258520,33111504,Posted: 1 July,all,Lady M,"3 hours played.  The Redux version game-play and achievements should have been linkedBeautiful open world.Other than the scenery, boring.  The puzzles are few and far between, and very vague; there are no prompts that you should complete a section before continuing ahead.There are 4 different types of puzzles; sensing, door portals, ghosts & the sea guy.  The ghosts puzzle/sequence triggering puzzle is repeated 4 times.The storyline has some good aspects, but is mostly full of holes.  You do not feel involved with any of the characters.Some achievements glitched and didn't work.The soundtrack was lovely and very fitting for the game, but the audio glitched a lot for me despite my specs being more than adequate.3/10"
,Not Recommended,258520,12741612,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ashara,"The pros: amazing graphics and very beautiful landscape.  The mechanics of the game are not bad either, but I missed a little tutorial or help (I didn't realised you could run or crouch and what key you had to use for doing that until almost the end of the game)The cons: too short."
,Recommended,258520,12241277,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ĐɆ₥Ø₦ ♔,Wow visually this game is stunning makes for a great atmosphere with the added sounds of nature has a great story line and sound track which gives the game an overall creepy feeling. I would highly recommend this game.Screenshot Simulator 201410/10
76561198255323071,Not Recommended,258520,23904888,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Toasty Penguin,Interesting game though the storyline was convoluted and the puzzles weren't very challenging. Lack of instruction on what controls are available and how to use the controls in the actual game was the only challenge.
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,258520,12924878,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mythmaker,"Oh yeah, there's nothing like playing a beautiful, atmospheric, immersive game for 4 hours and then shutting down for the night, only to find you have to start ALL over again in the morning because the game doesn't actually save your progress. Until the developers implement a true save system, I cannot recommend this game. This was one of the most frustrating gaming expience I've had yet."
,Recommended,258520,12242483,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton",it's great but also short but also only $20
76561197970650315,Not Recommended,258520,12277492,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,RT,"Chillingly beautiful when it comes to the music and graphics, however, the story becomes an awful jumble by the end.An art'sy game through and through; It's short, about a couple of hours play time, there isn't too much player involvement and the game's puzzles are relatively straightforward. That said, it is still somewhat better than Dear Esther, however, I wouldn't recommend this game unless it drops to a few euros/dollars/pounds etc because of the overall length and snorefest-gameplay.I therefore do not recommend this game unless it's discounted on a steam sale."
,Not Recommended,258520,29373017,Posted: 20 January,all,Roe Sham Boe,"Played an hour, closed out the game to go take care of real-world-life-stuff.Got my **** done, come back to PC excited to get back into this new (to me) game.Launch game, spawn at very beginning...*pause**blink**pause*Check Steam/Internet to see what I did wrong only to find out it's supposed to work that way lol.This game would have been my very first Steam Refund but I only paid $2.99... feels kinda dumb to get a 3 dollar refund.  However, If I had paid normal price for the game, DEFINITE refund.As it stands, I'll probably play the game on Twitch... Twitch chat loves these kinds of spooky games so I'll get my 3 dollars out of it that way.For now, I'm uninspired to pick the game back up and play it for my own personal satisfaction.Like everyone else,  I have stuff going on besides gaming (gasp I know) so if I have a 1-2 hr block of time to devote to a game before I have to do something else, I need to know I haven't wasted that valuable game time because of a questionable save system.Maybe you will love it...  I put mustard on my french fries so who knows."
76561197967883681,Not Recommended,258520,13158303,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,STOPchris,The game stutters like a mess. I have the highest of highest end PC and it still stutters. I do not recommend this game. I cannot put up with the stutter long enough to play more than 10 minutes at a time.
76561198072683855,Not Recommended,258520,24558150,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Javivo,"It's a beautyful game, carefully designed and with a really immersive scenario. It tells a story which you have to discover all by yourself, giving almost no clues to fathom what's going on and where Ethan actually is (which is a good thing for a deeper experience). I have to say that it's a good story and with an unexpected twist... And that's all I can say in its favor.Because.IT TOOK ME LIKE 3 HOURS TO FINISH THE GAME.And that is just too litlle for the price it has, even though I paid ""only"" 5€ in the SummerSale for an experience that it's not worth enough and of course not as much as the developer wants you to believe."
,Recommended,258520,20514423,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,tinyfenix,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is the emotional and macabre story of a detective with paranormal powers trying to find a lost boy who led a troubled life. The overall visual atmosphere of the game is outstanding and the story itself keeps you hooked the entire game, dying to know what eldritch terror lurks around the next corner of Ethan's disappearance. The controls are very simple and the game is mostly straightforward without holding you by the hand and walking you along. Other than the interactable objects which make themselves known to you when you come close enough to them, the game gives you no direction at all as to what to do. It is up to you to follow the story and look out for the clues in dialogue/writing/etc. This really allows you to immerse yourself into the story and really separates this game from the typical ""box ticker"" storyline game we are so used to seeing these days.I personally found the ending to be kind of a let-down (not necessarily in the emotional sense but moreso in the writing aspect) but I would not say that it detracts from the overall experience of the game. I'm sure that most people were fine with it but I just expected much more... given the impressiveness of the rest of the game.That being said, I would give the game a solid 4/5 stars where the only thing keeping it from 5 would be my aforementioned issue with the ending and how short the game actually is. Other than those two issues, this game was absolutely worth my money and time."
,Not Recommended,258520,24049832,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KhemTrailz,"It's decent enough for a walking simulator but by the end I was just wishing it was over, especially when I had to walk through the game twice because I missed something near the beginning. Plus the bait-and-switch plot didn't work as the bait was more interesting than the switch"
76561198119507622,Recommended,258520,16121749,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,WankerShim,"This game would not be bad if my computer could run it, and i got a top AAA+++ desktop"
,Not Recommended,258520,18797377,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The movie director,"i really wanted to like this game. and i did. unfortunately there was a bug which made the game impossible to enjoy, and i got no help with the bug from the creators or their support teams at all. ended up with having to refund it. really a shame, i liked the game at first.a big shout out the austronauts for not giving a single ♥♥♥♥ about the people who actually bought the gameworst customer support ever."
76561198031251251,Not Recommended,258520,12704279,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,chzbloom,"So far I've been unsuccessful even getting this game to function on my pc.  Comes up with a 'ran out of memory' notification every time I try to start a game.  I thought I had the required space; if my husband can't help me fix the problem I will be asking for a refund and removing it from my library.I don't understand what the problem is; Skyrim, Bioshock Infinite, and Mass Effect all run just fine; what is up with this game??  Frustrating."
76561198062895850,Not Recommended,258520,13194891,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,thesinkingmoose,If you like walking around a pointless nice looking world buy this game.3/10
76561197984819909,Not Recommended,258520,16782125,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hobbes,"Had some good ideas, but in the end falls very flat. It goes around saying its an experience that ""does not hold your hand"". But too many puzzles involve looking at bland surfaces searching for miniscule sense-points. I would recommend watching a lets play of this rather than playing it through yourself."
76561197989474637,Not Recommended,258520,14431628,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,ZombieOmNom,"A visually stunning game environment is irreparably mired by bugs, a total lack of any sense of direction, and an utterly depressing story concept. What begins with a great deal of promise, quickly spirals into confusion and then pointlessness, in what has to be the most epicly underwhelming borefest of 2014. The puzzles and environment have you mostly fumbling around in the dark until you give up and resort to a guide or figure it out by chance. There is nothing particularly intelligent or challenging about them, it's more just a case of ramming the peg into every hole until you find the one that fits. You walk away from each task feeling more like it was a completely unnecessary obstruction to the storyline than a sense of accomplisment. Despite the extremely linear gameplay, I missed a few of the ""stories"" by accident along the way, and as a result the game refused to let me finish. Instead insisting that I go back to them and grind my way through even more hours of figuring out what the hell I'm supposed to do next to find some actual content. I view this more as a failure of the game to captivate me and direct my attention toward exploring.Once it finally dawned on me that I'd completed the game and that the only way it was going to get any more ""complete"" would be by going back over the same areas, I found myself asking ""That was it? Really?"". I'd gotten a lot more joy out of walking around and admiring the landscape, and ultimately it felt a lot like the environment was compensating for the game. This was a prime example of form over function, a playable movie, into which the developer shoehorned hindering game-like elements that reeked of afterthought.Save yourself some money and go watch a full HD playthrough on youtube."
76561198025472290,Not Recommended,258520,15144767,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kenneth Toilethole,"Sorry, but I can't recommend this. The graphics are superb, the atmosphere is excellent, and the voice acting is decent (even if I'm getting mighty sick of the anguished, gravelly narrator in games).But the story didn't blow me away, and the puzzles are dull when they're not downright aggravating. Searching endlessly among acres of forested rockeries for a tiny cave entrance is not my idea of fun.If it's yours, go for it. Otherwise, I recommend The Bridge for a mysterious puzzle game."
76561198048955902,Not Recommended,258520,19431958,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Simmi,walk... walk... walk...
76561198147649552,Recommended,258520,12249519,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,maxvello,"This was the first time I ever played a game with no combat whatsoever. I was quite skeptic but from the first few minutes the game just killed me. In a very positive way of course!First of all the graphics, incredible, jaw dropping, beautiful, life-like.Second of all the music - mysterious and perfect.And the story line - oh what a story line.. If you've ever had anything to do with H.P. Lovecraft you will be amazed. If not don't worry - you will get hooked right away.The only downside I found is the play time - took me 4 hours to complete the game - but they were really well spend 4 hours!! Definitely recommended!!!!"
76561198036693565,Recommended,258520,12242758,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Avarenda,"This is a fun game with great narration and a wonderful story. The graphics are gorgeous and it was fun trying to figure out what supernatural goings on were happening in the sleepy little town.I'm pretty happy with how it all concluded, and i would say that although it has about 3-5 hours of gameplay I dont feel cheated at the $19.99 price tag.If you're not really into noir-ish games that dont have any gameplay beyond detective type puzzles then this probably isnt for you.However, if you like great plot, breathtaking visuals, and a surprisingly pleasent music score this is definitely something you want to get."
,Recommended,258520,12249845,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Confoundit,"Visually stunning and well scored game.The game certainly doesn't hold your hand. Expect some long walks, and searching for clues that dont exist, areas with no relevance aside from eye-candy in the game.The story leaves much to the imagination, and expects you to fill in the blanks and draw your own conclusions.Overall, I would recommend this game, but not to the gamer that enjoys fast paced game play and spoon fed story lines.Ratings:Graphics 8/10 - I did notice some areas with graphical anamoliesSound FX 9/10 - While wearing a mid range line of headphones Turtle Beach x-12 The FX were immersive, crisp, clean, and true to life.Score - Soundtrack 10/10 The soundtrack fit well with the game, and was timed perfectly to carry the feelings the game was trying to evoke.TLDR: Get the game if you like psychological thriller type games with great graphics and sound. Don't get the game if you are looking for fast paced action, and clear direction with a forced story line."
76561197970390996,Recommended,258520,12252732,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,The Natoorat,"I'm certain that there are quite a few people who will call The Vanishing of Ethan Carter a boring and pointless walking simulator. Well, they are partially correct.The Vanishing is not exactly what I would call a game. It's more like... an experience. If I had to name a similar “game”, it would be Dear Esther.Don't expect to run around and kill things here. What you will do is walk around and investigate the disappearance of a boy called Ethan Carter. You will solve some puzzles, find some ""hidden"" objects etc. Now... I'm not sure, but it may be possible to “finish” the game without solving anything, so far I have looked into every corner of the Valley I laid my eyes upon, found a few “secrets”, solved every puzzle and I'm not done yet, though I guess I'm not far now from the end.The game has absolutely phenomenal atmosphere. There is a sense of calmness but also you have a feeling that something is not right, and it might not be a good idea to stick around. That atmosphere is built by impossibly pretty visuals. Graphics are... let's just say: I made quite a few wallpapers for myself during very first minutes of the game.Apart from visuals the sound is also 1st class. Ambient sounds of the forest are very realistic, other places have their own specific ambiance. Also music fits the game perfectly: it is there, you are aware of it, but it's not too intrusive. Also it changes depending on your location.And there is the voice acting. The main character is perfectly calm, a bit bored detective who just wants to finish the job and go home. Other characters are voiced maybe not as well, but still I can't complain.Overall visuals and sounds are great.As for not so grand things:Save system is not good. Auto saves are rare and far between, there is no manual save, if you exit the game you loose everything since last save, and sometimes it's not easy to know if you will loose 2 minutes or half an hour. That being said, Game now downloads a patch that is going to improve that, so this point may not be very valid.And... well, that's it really.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is not a long game that should be treated as an experience rather than an adventure. Fans of Dear Esther will love it. Fans of Call of Duty... won't. I'm the former."
,Recommended,258520,12252563,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,BabelLion,Amazing graphics and a really weird game. If you are not a fan of open exploration and puzzles this one might not be for you. So long story short you are a detective with experience in the occult. A small boy named Ethan Carter writes to you asking for help. You travel to his home town to unravel the mysteries that surround his town and how he disappeared.The puzzles are great and the game can be played at your leisure. Great game and I would highly recommend.
,Recommended,258520,12257156,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,BodyPolitic,"Really enjoying this game so far, Beautiful beyond reason and music and clues help to set a spooky atmosphere. A perfect game for October and finally a preorder I was happy with, I can finally feel the stain that was Colonial Marines leaving my soul."
,Recommended,258520,12241604,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Eradicate,"Admittedly, I have not played very much of this game, but what I have played has been amazing.The graphics are breathtaking, and every single step I take in this game I am in awe of how amazing the environment around me is.I've been taken away by the story as well, it's lead me on so much and has successfully made me care and curious about what happened to Ethan Carter.  I want to learn more about him and I want to experience the world around me.The greatest experience so far is when I came across a puzzle in a house.  Unsure of what to do, I read the text and decided to search for an interesting part that I had seen.  Upon Googling it, I found material related to this text and was able to solve the puzzle.  Puzzles with outside the box thinking are amazing, and I really like the ingenuity that went into creating them.I can't wait to keep playing, and if you start, I'm sure you won't want to stop."
,Recommended,258520,12250508,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,KilrBe3,"Literally paused the game to write this review as it's fresh in mind.First off, the Graphics and Ambience the game takes you into is jaw dropping. Seriously, lock your door, put headphones on and ask not to be disturbed. The game will suck you right in. The sounds will make you creep and turn around in a spaz. The photomaping tech pays off SO MUCH, it is breathtaking that this is Unreal Engine 3 and NOT 4! That's insane that UE3 has this much potentinal still left.To the gameplay. The game warns you when you launch, it won't hold your hand. This is correct. The story is well read the description. What the game does great in is making you figure everything out and the detective work/gameplay mechanic is amazing well done. Now with that said, I must say. At least ONE mission/quest would of been nice to hold your hand. To teach you how the game goes and controls (which are simple, but still). I say this as I write this and read other reviews of the same problem. That problem is the game is great at being a sandbox open world in a way. But if you miss one little thing for a clue, and go across the map you'll never advance the story or miss the plot due you forgot that one clue earlier.Hint: Just follow what looks right. The game has ""paths"" in a way, use common sense! Seriously DO NOT RUN! Take in everything! An area / clue wont be complete untill well, you'll know. Don't just find something and run across the map, the clues are around the area you found first one. Also the thing you need to solve is there too. (AKA, Don't run from Bridge to Dam at the start!)Beyond that, $20 for a story nartative game that is deeply breathtaking looking and plays great, why not. It's a movie in a game. Or a book in a visual masterpiece. Either way, its $20 and not $60. Price of a movie ticket + drinks. Grab one and play this game!TL:DR Do not run, Use common sense in pathing!"
76561197972124310,Recommended,258520,12249355,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RiceMunk,"First the good:-I really like the the investigation mechanic in this game; it's something I've never encountered in a game before and it seems to work real nicely. My usual gripe with 3d adventure games have been that they often turn into frustrating hunt-the-missing-pixel games where you just grope around randomly looking for the clue that's cleverly hidden among ten patches of almost identical textures.-The game has a really nice atmosphere. I recommend not rushing through it but instead just taking your time savouring the scenery.Then the bad:-There seems to be a case of memory leakage or something hiding in the code. After about an hour of gametime the game starts getting random cases of choppiness, which can be a bit jarring at times.-There was one part of the game where I just ended up running around aimlessly for about an hour because I didn't realise that a thing I had done at one point had for little apparent reason made a part of the map accessible that wasn't accessible before. This ended up breaking me out of the immersion quite a bit, and would have been easily enough avoided if there had been some clearer indication that doing (spoiler) causes (spoiler) to happen, thus making (spoiler) accessible.And the ugly:-Looking at my total time played, it took me about 4 hours to play this game from start to finish. This included both me just happily and slowly strolling around, and that one part where I was frustratedly running around looking for something I'd missed. 4 hours is not a lot of game for something that cost me 20 euros.Summary: It's a really nice little game and probably one of the better 3d adventure games I've played. You should consider, however, if paying the game's full price for about 4-5 hours of gameplay is worth it."
,Recommended,258520,12243345,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Hushwolf,"One of the most challenging games I've played in a while, there is absolutely no guides or anything in the game, you just basically have to look around and use your own brains to solve mysteries and figure out what it is that the game wants you to do.  At first it was really difficult to understand, but as time progresses, you get a better understanding of what the game is about and you look for the right things and all that.A little disappointed that there are no achievements for this game, but nevertheless, I am in shock with how gorgeous the game is for jusing using the Unreal Engine.  The environment is surreal and everything moves, leaves, branches, the wind seems alive in this game.  Also the water looks amazing as well.Definitely worth the $209.5/10"
,Not Recommended,258520,32263056,Posted: 8 June,all,Stress Level Zero,"I do not post reviews for games, and seldom do I leave comments on them.However, this ending left me with a sour taste in my mouth. I understand they were trying to be creative, and I don't discredit them for doing so, just did not like how the story went is all."
76561197970838644,Not Recommended,258520,16647338,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,slackclive,probably worth a quid but would prefer a hand shandy.
76561198065543708,Not Recommended,258520,16488163,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,VintageModern,"i am a huge H.P LoveCraft fan, and well this gam just upset me ... im pretty sure i ended up doing the story backwards which resulting in the whole game was pointless... waste of money and waste of time.Thank goodness the game was on sale...dont waste your time."
,Not Recommended,258520,14258390,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sahida,"Beautiful, but short and unchallenging. Can't be viewed as a game in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,258520,14897835,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,schnappm,"Getting Lost in the Woods Simulator 2014.  Good tech demo but terrible, pointless story."
76561198076137724,Not Recommended,258520,16569854,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jona,The story is a big turn off (boring). You can't save when you want it - very annoying. Can't recommend this game. Sorry!
76561198021267574,Not Recommended,258520,15451680,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,hrbrill,"The game has many elements that are very attractive but is relatively short and the story is not very deep. The graphics are very attractive and allows exploration of an intricate abandoned mountainous mining community. The mechanics for reconstructing a crime, murders in this case, are interesting. I found that the process for searching for clues could be in some cases seem very arbitrary, sometimes I had to go back and forth over the same area many times, even with the aid of a guide to find a clue.As mentioned in other reviews, the story is Lovecraftian. My experience with well-developed stories in this genre is that as understanding grows, the world becomes increasing bizaare, disturbing, and horrible. In order to work, though, you need to  have characters you care about. The shortness of the game and the particular view of the world you get (the last moments of ghosts) limit the depth of character development.At $19.99 I won't recommend the game; too short and not enough story depth. But for $10.00 I'd recommend it. The developers are skillful and they have interesting game mechanics that could serve well in the mystery/detective genre."
76561198171898270,Not Recommended,258520,14464127,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RoofCat,"This is not really a game. It's a truly lovely made concept art of a game, probably a small demo project - I don't know.Yeah, the music is well made, the visuals beautifull, the story has some feel and grip and twist ... but everything is like only half of it. The story is short so is the audio and I guess a good graphic engine has done half of the great job for visuals here. To be fair there must have been a talented artist or two on the teaml. Still...Just keep the Shift key down and stay on the road here. Keep repeating that to yourself while playing, because it's so easy to get fooled again and again into exploring. Like there must be something in that corner...No, there isn't. And if you do miss something, you will be reminded about that before the ending and teleported straight to the point. So don't bother.Ghost stories - the further in the game, the easier their construction. The second one right after the bridge may well be the best one in offer. Or the Cemetery one. The rest - easy and pointless.Also no horrors here. 5 min in mine probably.Puzzles - they are quite well done. All two of them.For 5 $ probably. If you like this type of games."
76561198030124232,Not Recommended,258520,16455972,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kieron,"When I started this game, I enjoyed every second of it.  It has a dark, creepy vibe, makes you worry what you will find around the next corner without relying on jump scares.  The murders are brutal, and captivating, the story pulls you in, the puzzles reward you with a piece of the backstory each time.The problem is the last five minutes of the game.  M. Night Shyamalan would be proud.  It was so pointlessly trite that it ruined the whole game for me.  My advice?  Turn it off when you ""wake the sleeper"", before it gets stupid.  The last few minutes made an outstanding game feel like I have been trolled for about five hours.Considering the subject, the story still would have held together without that nonsense."
,Not Recommended,258520,16483689,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RKM93,"I'm going to start by saying this is hands down the most beautiful game I have ever played.  The graphics are incredibly detailed, and it's smooth.  Very little lag throughout the game.However, the game is weird.  I mean, I couldn't figure it out unless i had a walkthrough to guide me weird.  You go through the game with the purpose of solving puzzles to reveal a story - great concept, but poor execution.  I missed the first three puzzles, couldn't solve one of them, found two more, and then finally figured out what the point of the puzzles was.Yes, I know it says it's not going to ""hold your hand"" and walk you through it.*SPOILER ALERT*In the very beginning you're supposed to find the puzzle in the woods right outside the tunnel.  But there's no path, nothing.  I even looked around those woods without finding anything the first time, until I came back with a walkthrough in hand.  Then I found all of the pieces.  Parts of the story made no sense, like the entire first puzzle could have been left out and then the space thing?  What the crap was the point of that?Maybe I'm missing the ""artistic themes"" or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like that, but overall the story was not entertaining.  Cheap scares, storyline that makes no sense, all complemented with lovely graphics.  Almost like watching a Miss America peagant.  I'm pretty sad I wasted money on a one-time-playable game."
76561198047085001,Not Recommended,258520,16907125,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,SolomonPierce,"Skip this and get Ether One instead.  Better story, length, tone (imo), and a better overall adventure game.  This is more of a walking simulator with a little ""puzzle"" stuff thown in.  None of them are really puzzles though, more so just a mechanic to move the mediocre story along.  It was a decent experience but not worth $20 (only a few hours of gameplay).  I will admit there were a couple fantastic moments and beautiful views, but that alone doesn't make it worth $20 unfortunately.  I'm happy though, I got it on summer sale for about $5 - 7 (I forget), but at that price it's definitely worth a quick playthrough.  Just wished it had more challenging puzzles and less distance to traverse between them."
76561198070245960,Not Recommended,258520,19737503,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mesut Komiser,"This game is a total fail. Much like Kholat. Both of these games have a problem in fluidity. Waste of time and money. Verdiğim para haram olsun, kesinlikle beklentimi karşılamadı."
76561198003309421,Not Recommended,258520,14244932,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,randomt.guy,"A boring walking simulator with a paper-thin plot, no direction and simple puzzles where the only real challenge is finding objects hidden in the overly large maps."
76561198124634687,Not Recommended,258520,14454803,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,craighamburger,dont waste your money i paid and installed game but when you start the game athe game camera just spins around in circles big waste of money
,Not Recommended,258520,15163013,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mingomtman,It was laggy and hard to control..
76561198205798448,Not Recommended,258520,15171414,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,tom,"Worst game I ever purchased. Doesn't run at all, have tried on Win7 32-bit, Win7 64 bit, Win 8 64 bit. Crashes every time, either right on start or after a few seconds."
76561198001940692,Not Recommended,258520,15150442,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,OwlsMusicJustin,"Alright, where do I start. This game is beautiful. The scenery and images are incredible. I felt like I was lost in a forest somewhere. The music also pulls you deeper and deeper into the story line. An extremely well done game in that regard.However. After being able to complete the game entirely without much trying in 3 hours...that leaves a little to be desired. For the price that it cost, I would most asuredly NOT recommend this game. If it was under $5 sure.Now I understand, to get a game of this quality visually there are costs. But to sacrifce a good developed story for this...Im not sure its worth it. The game needs length. More reason to wander around and investigate. The puzzles, while challenging at times, were very very easy to solve. The hardest one is in the burned out building. And even that took me about a minute to figure out.All in all, visually stunning but lacking majorly in storyline.For $5 its worth it. No more."
76561198056596099,Not Recommended,258520,15149484,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,game2thegrave,"Boring, very linear and way, way, way too short for $19.   It's a depressing, lonely, insular game.  You'll want to wash it off and goto a donut shop afterwards.  And contrary to popular belief, it doesn't look ""gorgeous"" at all in any unique way.  People simply notice how it looks because they are busy being bored.  That doesn't mean it looks relatively better than anyting else, only that someone bothered to notice."
76561198036647291,Not Recommended,258520,16991451,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Catharsis1,If I want art then I'll visit a museum.Bought on sale so I'm not too fusssed but I wouldn't recommend it.
76561198053529474,Not Recommended,258520,22578582,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,buttercup the death dealer,Very pretty but completely unintuitive past the first 30 minutes. Got stuck multiple times then fed up. Would not recommend.
76561198076116284,Not Recommended,258520,16613940,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,illumiBonatti,"This game was a disappointment for the $6.79 I got it for on sale, I certainly wouldn't recomend you buy it for full price.so when I first started playing the game, I loved it. the game was awesome, I loved the investigative game play. As I played however, I felt less like I was investigating anything, and more like I was just some ghost whisperer going through the motions. This game was ultimately very linear, and the concept turned out not to be all that spookey by the end (which felt very anti climactic to me)The graphics seemed good, but my computer sucks so I was running the game on custom settings below the ""low quality"" presets and still did not run smoothly. If you do have a good gaming computer, however, the game does have some very great scenery.This game was also very short (I don't mind that, but some people do) and by the end, all immersion into the story was broken by silly sidequests you have to complete to see the final ending (which sucked)to explain more will require spoilers.So basically, immersion breaking side-quests and a very bad ending ruined this game for me.SPOILERS BELOW HERE:Bascially, backtracking and running arround digging through the forest trying to find bear traps to reveal some 1 page story that Ethan wrote breaks the immersion completely. The little stories you can find were great until I got to the end and found out i NEEDED them to complete the game. whats more, the end of the game revealse that none of this happened in the first place, the protagonist is a story Ethan made up. Terrible ending....Really, this game was"
,Not Recommended,258520,17936988,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Caniesys Bane of Men,"Sigh. I went into this game with high hopes. the graphics were amazing, the gameplay was intresting. The concept of an open world puzzel game was excuted well. How did they mess up? well I beat the game in three hours, (I also was taking my time, and not rushing). So these amazing graphics and intresting story cost 7$ an hour. Even worse the game has no replay value. in the last twenty minutes of the game I was thinking, is it over, if so I hope this story has one of the best endings in gaming history, or else I am goign to complain about it on steam. well I am here now typing angrily. I was still planning to give the game an recomindation till the final cutscene. the ending is lazy. I am now going to spoil it so if you do nto want it spoiled, please avert your eyes from this review. You have been warned. imagine you have been waiting for a couple hours intently waiting to see the evil monster behind all the chaos, you walk into the room where the monster should be and you find out you are a story written by ethan carter and ethan crater dies suddenly in a freak accdent. roll credits."
76561198066124592,Recommended,258520,12251970,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Captain Gingerbeard,"While some may find that the $20 USD price tag may be a little steep for the content, I can assure you, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is well worth the money. While playing the game, I often lose myself simply looking out on the horizon of the game world, astounded by how gorgeous it is. While you're not going to be spending months playing this game (Like final fantasy III or skyrim), you'll definitely enjoy every minute that you log into this game. On top of that, the game is extremely well optimized. Machines without a DX 11.2 Videocard can run this, so don't worry. While I encountered a few bugs, only one being game breaking, I cannot recommend The Vanishing of Ethan Carter more than I already have. If you enjoy mystery games with a breathtaking view and an underlying plotline that the game doesn't force you to experience if you chose not to, then this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,258520,12246788,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Phenixer,"This game is... about the most beautiful artworks I've ever seen. A story about imagination. The gameplay is about resolving around 6-7 clues that are scattered around this beautiful village. I recommend this game because it had a very inspiring scenery. Not because of the length of the game, it took me 3.5hrs and I took plenty of time doing it."
76561197960345605,Recommended,258520,12245746,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lefty,"Short, but sweet :-)"
76561198114250709,Recommended,258520,12249187,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,erikdfier,"The game is great; although it could use a little more back story as to who you are and why youre the only person in this town investigating a murder.  A simple voice over arial view intro of Paul driving or riding in a train into this town would have been great for the overall atmosphere.  As it stands, youre just plopped into a forest and off you go.  Investigating doesnt feel like youre piecing any clues together involved with solving a crime and your fundamentally on your own to poke around and discover things randomly.Its great that theres a decent open world / non-linear feel to the game and it needs to be mentioned, that its a visual masterpiece.  Had this game not mentioned its DX9 requirments I wouldnt have guessed this was a top of the line modern game.  The story itself is also wonderfully written and narrated with excellent voice acting throughout.The overall game is very short with only a handfull of elements to peice together to solve the crime. With such a lavish and wonderfully rendered world, the game should have been much, much longer; however for 19.99 its a worthwhile experience, and hoping for more of this type of game in the future.The game will stutter from time to time, even on a new i7 4930k with a 980 GTX; however there are no load screens or transitions, as the world seems to be streaming in as you explore, no doubt this can be refined by the developers."
,Recommended,258520,12242029,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,twitch.tv/godson,game was super fun.... but that ending tho!by that ending i mean it was an awful horrendous ending IMO.i did like the game in general =) but if you dont like bad endings dont buy it~
76561197979223011,Recommended,258520,12246283,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Automagicman,"Beutiful, well made, well written, very enjoyable but far too short for the asking price. Finished in 3 hours without rushing. Keep it on your wishlist for a sale and jump in it."
,Recommended,258520,12246742,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[KKC]Dr.Freeman,Just one word.....Astonishing!
,Recommended,258520,12252252,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Doublechief,"With about three and a half hours into The Vanishing of Ethan Carter; it was truly an amazing game. The story not only being well written, with heart racing and tense moments in the game truly adding an intense and highly enjoyable atmosphere in the game. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter may be one of my favorite games of 2014; with the beautiful scenery and amazing story telling I will have to definitely recommend this game to anyone with a strong computer and with the desire of adventure and a feeling for above-average challenges within a game. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter does not fail to live up to it's expectations, in fact TVEC surpassed those expectations by quite a lot. I highly recommend this game for those looking for mystery and adventure."
76561198047679974,Not Recommended,258520,13549413,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kepp,Not worth the price.
,Not Recommended,258520,13779868,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,T4 Seizure,"broken, unplayable. waste of money"
,Recommended,258520,12253787,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TurtleCat Reviews,Take a look at Ethan Carter herehttp://youtu.be/sA77CrfYcCU
76561198003689341,Not Recommended,258520,14156654,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,WhiteAngel,"Looks great, but...abosolutely boring. Nosense plot. A lot of backtraking and walking, and walking, and walking."
76561198124804045,Recommended,258520,23824696,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,iSternburg,pretty nice game. very good grafics und good story!
,Not Recommended,258520,28948286,Posted: 2 January,all,- > ADK <-,"OMG OMG OMGhi everybody, i love detective mystery games, BUT *SPOILER ALERT* after some walking and investigation SUDDENLY i have to follow one asteroid man running from me, then wtf man rly wtf,im in space in some kind of spaceship?!!!!! ----> REFUND CONFIRMEDplz dont buy this kids imagination, rly sry for developers.......also i was refund it after going space...... rly wtfty steam for refund, 10/10 for steam support and -100/100 for this game, rly wtf, space? srsly?"
76561198006726936,Not Recommended,258520,32488322,Posted: 16 June,all,LoS | Elite Enemy,"The only thing good about The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is that it looks fantastic, BEAUTIFUL! Other than that, it's $20 and it's 2 hours long. The story is crap and just plain stupid. If you wanna play this game, get it when it's on sale. WAY TOO OVERPRICED!"
,Not Recommended,258520,13546792,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,winning,Dont buy this piece of garbage! Spend 5 hours runing like a retard trough a forrest of shitwritten quests. Id rather get canser than play this again.
76561198064623007,Not Recommended,258520,13504582,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"Probably the biggest waste of money everHere's exactly what you need to know:1. Game looks amazing thanks to unreal engine.2. Story is absolute garbage told through voice over narration3. For 20 bucks, you get 3 hours of gameplay. That's it, with no replayability at all. I did every single side story and puzzle in 3 hours.Don't buy, its all hype."
,Not Recommended,258520,15144626,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Breizh Atao,"I wasted 8€.""Look around simulator""."
76561198056310902,Not Recommended,258520,23808841,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Omegon,"Okay, first of all: This game is good! It has an interesting concept of telling the story, a bautiful landscape and I found it really enjoyable to play. I would recommend this game, although it's not very long, BUT the finale of the story is just... bad. It's unsatisfying and plain, the build up with all the mystical stuff was too good for such an ending. I was also able to guess the reveal about 20-30 minutes into the story, if not even sooner, that's a bit sad, but I WOULD HAVE FORGIVEN THAT IF THE ENDING HADN'T BEEN SO UNSATISFYING.Then again, Prospero was also reduced to ashes, so I guess I shouldn't have been surprised by a story about a detective with the same name. But this game would have been cooler with space vikings in power armor, just saying. (Also, while I'm at it: The amount of ravens in this game had me expecting some pale, black-haired, tall guy to appear at least somewhere in there to make an Edgar A. Poe reference and then disappear, which leads me to give this game a 5/40k, very very disappointing.)Conclusion: If lame, bland endings that don't feel like you've accomplished anything in the game whatsoever and predictable twists are your thing, go ahead and buy it!"
,Not Recommended,258520,16412214,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,harmlesshamster,"MINIMUM:OS: WindowsXP SP3 or higherProcessor: Intel Core2 Duo or equivalent AMDMemory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: DirectX9c compliant card with 512MB of VRAMRemember, people, if you have Windows XP you will have only 3.2 GB of RAM available to you.This whole ""4 GB of RAM"" and it ""runs"" on Windows XP was probably there to dump as many units as possible.Yes, you can get into the loading screen but you will be unable to run the game on any version of Windows XP (unless you are lucky to have WinXP 64 bit).I beleive this was a deceptive business practice in that no one who owns Windows XP 32 bit will ALWAYS crash on the game starting.Deceptive.At least I only spent $7 and when I DO upgrade past the 4GB mark, I will be able to play this probably awesome game. I feel like someone sold me a Blueray movie disc when they KNEW I only owned a DVD drive."
,Not Recommended,258520,14141691,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Garm the Wolfhound,Can´t even launch the .exe file without crashing. Don´t buy this game and don´t support an incompetent developer that can´t even make a proper PC version.
76561198089311810,Not Recommended,258520,16583030,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,squad up360,as of right now i dont like the game
76561197989255306,Not Recommended,258520,14544096,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,nfergson,"I was so excited when I saw the demo for this game I pre-ordered it. Big mistake. First of all the FOV was so screwed up the weeds were almost up to my face, I got a horrible headache and was nauseous. After searching the internet I found a program that helped that issue. While the game is beautiful to me it was too grindy and linear. Not what I was expecting at all. Major disappointment for me."
76561198009593975,Not Recommended,258520,14195206,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,landonaaronp,"Okay so if you watched the dev diary video you will see a short explanation of the game mechanics and hear the developer tell you that you do not need to comb the environment for clues because the unique game mechanic will alert you to them or whatever. Well that is true for about 4 clues in the entire game. The rest of the game however is nothing but walking back and forth looking for clues. Every single clue must be found before you can solve the mystery. How do you find these clues? Simple, the same way you do in every other game. Walk back and forth staring at the ground. Look at every single object. Do not stray too far because you probalby passed a clue you didn't notice and if your not careful you will have explored the entire map and not uncovered a single mystery. Terrible boring game that amounts to nothing but a big easter egg hunt with a lame story about a kid who writes even lamer stories."
76561198058893054,Not Recommended,258520,21002264,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Janal,terrible garbagedon't let the good looking aethics of the world fool you. If you want to walk around for 10 hours and read clues go right ahead.
,Not Recommended,258520,16436598,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,kuncendorfs,"BSOD or crash every time i try to run ingame is made on UE3, which, for it to look pretty, is messed up to a point it doesn't run anymorei would rather have less pretty but playable gamethis reminds me of FreeArc fiascohave you heard of FreeArc? i bet you haven'tit's general purpose archiver that compressess better than pretty much any otherbut nobody uses itbecause its insanee.g. it can be that to decompress 1mb FreeArc file you would need 8gb rami.e. if you can crank something to max doesn't mean its a good ideait usually isn't"
,Not Recommended,258520,19095047,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Urisk,"I strongly dislike that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is lacking an essential feature that I have been made to expect in the redux version through past announcements on various blogs and websites: VR support.The developer states that this is a misinterpretation of said past statements, which I find hard to believe since the accidentally released baseline-VR-support of the utilized engine remained in the game for three days, ensuring that posts on VR blogs and in the /oculus reddit would generate additional sales and customers buying the redux version because of that feature would have enough time to play beyond the timeframe which would have allowed the utilization of Steam refunds.I therefore do not recommend buying Ethan Carter redux at this point.Please note that this recommendation isn't based on a lack of quality to be found in the game at hand and also if you do in fact give the developer the benefit of the doubt and believe him when he says that it wasn't his intention to mislead anyone you IMHO should interpret my recommendation in the following way:Judging from what I could see in the three days the game was playable with absolutely broken default-UE4-VR support without any optimization I dare to say that it is a bad idea to waste the experience of playing this game for the first time on the non-VR version ... and since the VR version has by now be announced to be a an entirely separate product there is also no point spending any money on this version while a superior remake which makes this version completely obsolete has been announced for next year."
76561197982128399,Not Recommended,258520,13544782,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,☢Ｄιαмση∂ѕρι∂єя☢,"Short puzzle-game. If you don't like puzzles, this is unlikely to be enjoyable. If you like puzzles and 5 hours is enough, then it might be ok."
,Not Recommended,258520,24099999,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tuncstic,"[Note: I actually played the Redux version, but my review is here, because Review is not currently working for Redux.]Wow - this is a really short game! (less than 8 hours)The story itself is strange, confusing, and ultimately rather pointless.The puzzles are of varying difficulty, but mostly fairly hard. The first and most important puzzle, which makes it possible to play the rest of the game, doesn't announce itself, doesn't indicate your progress, and doesn't tell you why it's important, even when you complete it. Because of this, I was not able to get anywhere with the game until I looked at a walkthrough. Part of my problem was that I was misled by the trailer - don't watch it!The only really good thing about the game is the graphics, and even there you need a substantial GPU to have good enough quality to appreciate them.My rating: 3/10."
,Not Recommended,258520,24062240,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hamtaro ♪♫,I'm sorry but I can't recommend this game. Puzzles are too easy and the story really obvious.
,Not Recommended,258520,16417178,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,zingmars,"It's basically a walking simulator with meh puzzles, bad saving system, some bugs (some of which even force you to reload to last save which means losing A LOT of progress). The only thing really going for it are the graphics, and even they look very gray-ish and could use some filterings (like a subtle dof effect, maybe a bit of saturation). Not fun for me and unless you liked, say, Dear Esther, I wouldn't really recommend this to anyone. Certainly not for any more than €5."
76561198140306164,Recommended,258520,12254325,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,claudiopin,"9/10The only negative thing I could say it's that the game is short. But after the final scene it's easy to see it's not only a budget issue, the length fits the tale perfectly and prolonging it would probably be a bad decision.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is slow-paced, beautifully crafted and the story is really intriguing. The final scene touched me deeply, The Astronauts should be praised and I sure hope they put out more games, I'll be waiting. If you decide to buy this game, bear in mind it's more of a tale you slowly uncover, and it is worth your time."
,Recommended,258520,12243682,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kill_Bill,Review so far:The graphic of this game is amazing! You do not believe it until you were in the world as player yourself.
76561197968526761,Recommended,258520,12241458,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Captain Cornhole,"This game is really incredible.  Its beautiful, eerie, spooky and it will creep you right out.  Remember the origional Silent hill back on the playstation?  This game reminds me of the sense of fear that game provided.  I am pretty certain that I just died I won't spoil as to how but I seriously freaked out and I haven't had a game do that to me in years!  The game starts out and builds up a sense of dread.  Its the kind of game you want to sit down for a few hours and play straight in a dark room.  The sound track is really well done, very creepy.  I really like this game but I might have to take a break for the night so I can actually sleep because I have work tomorrow!  This weekend though I won't be sleeping!  The sleeper never sleeps!"
76561197960472753,Recommended,258520,12243550,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RDSmokey,"So far, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter has delivered on everything it has promised and more. This is everything that Murdered: Soul Suspect should have been but wasn't. The detective work requires actual thought, and the puzzles require you to actually take a moment and think about time, order, and the environment around you. Every other game I've played that has you in the role of a detective in a horror setting so far insists on leading you around by the nose, but not here. Here, you earn your story and when you unveil the narrative further there's a real sense of accomplishment...and looming dread, because this seems to bear the hallmarks of a Lovecraftian tale, where knowing too much means losing yourself to win. I'm eager to see how far down this mad rabbit hole goes."
,Not Recommended,258520,16423145,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Litanah,Went for a walk through the breath-taking scenery. The water looked amazing. The leaves danced on the wind and the grass swayed in the summer sun.Then I found a body and some skulls. It was quite disturbing. So I thought 'screw that' and continued my walk before logging off.Great graphics - boring game!Edit: Devs got in touch with me to discuss the game - which is pretty darn impressive. They do care about and work hard on the game which I think is really refreshing in this day and age.
,Not Recommended,258520,12376133,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sapphire Crook,Why the ♥♥♥♥ is there a spooky zombie ghost segment with jump scares at the end?I don't need stupid interactive ghost zombies ruining my detective novel. :I
,Recommended,258520,16645140,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DiamondDog,"This is a beatiful game with puzzle solving and exploration elements. What you do is generally observing, looking and examining. You dont solve anything or change anything but you get to see the deep narrative which start to reveal within every puzzle you solve.Its not a horror game, but 1 specific part of the game kinda reminded me P.T (Silent Hills)Only negative thing i may say about the game can be the run time and replay value. I only missed 1 achivement other than that i did completed around 95% of the game around 5 hours. its short but if you like the genre you'll probably enjoy every second of this game.Also there were some frame stuttering even though i have a solid system, but it wasnt like unplayable or something."
,Recommended,258520,12250430,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Orb,"I wish it was somehow made clear for non-tech-experts like myself that the game needs a very high-end system to run on. I'm sure it works fine for people with better PCs but when the mouse takes five minutes to get anywhere and on the lowest setting for everything the game is still unplayable, I really wish there was some kind of refund option."
76561198025323616,Not Recommended,258520,25489764,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Good Captain Sneeze,"Kinda boring honestly.  It's worth the ~$5 I paid for it, but no more."
76561197963762164,Not Recommended,258520,12700090,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,/\/yarlothotep,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is visually beautiful.The story is well done, but surprisingly short.Most of the time played was spent running aroundlooking for text I could interact with, which is sparse.The player cannot interact with the world in anyway save for in very specific locations in a very largearea. Want to look at that book? Nope. Open thatdoor? Nope. There is a reason for this, but it detractsfrom the game play. There wasn't enough meat in thestory, for me, to support the end and the brevityof the story. Nor was there enough character connectionfor me to care very much about the characters. The endI got was interesting, but it could have been so much more.And for 20 buckaroos, it should have been.I recommend this game for its visual beauty and sound.Good for a sale. Otherwise, no."
76561198013024780,Not Recommended,258520,23326752,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DeGroot418,I bought the game because the visuals look sweet in screen shots and trailers. But I just ended up walking toward to what I thought was the next plot point. But there is a pretty cool ending that I didn\'t see coming.
,Not Recommended,258520,24794110,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Erik,"Stunning graphics, boring gameplay"
,Recommended,258520,15162377,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,HazelS,Most beautiful Walking Simulator ever
,Recommended,258520,23003825,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheRainwildsKeeper,Best detective game I've ever played.
76561198071851002,Not Recommended,258520,17894991,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ontheplug,Once again for the forth time I am deleting this title again. I am tired and bored of doing the same things over and over again because of no way to save. That or forced to cheat and spoil the whole experience by viewing walkthroughs to get to an autosave point. Hold my hand? How about giving me a reasonable chance....
,Not Recommended,258520,19656941,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hops4pops,"Buy if you like:1) Walking2) Pretty places3) Floating, swirling words4) Chasing an astronautDon't buy if you hate:1) Walking2) More walking3) Walking back4) Rolling your eyes and shaking your headFinal assessment: 5/10 (go for a walk outside)"
,Not Recommended,258520,16485564,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jackskelter,"THAT ENDING!!! GOD!!!!HEAVY SPOILERS AHEAD !!! If you have not played the game you should not read this review!!!!Hi Adrian,You are right, I should not have posted a negative review without trying to be at least constructive in my criticism but I was at that time very angry and my emotions got the best of me. So in order to rectify my statement I will try to expand my thoughts on the game in order to explain at the best of my capability why I gave to you a negative review. Let us start from the beginning: Yes, I am giving you a negative review just for the ending. I know that it could sound a little childish but let me try to explain myself. Your game is many aspects wonderful, the visuals are stunning, the game mechanics are basics but they serve at best the story which you have created. For no moment I have thought: ""Oh god those mechanics are awful"", but instead I was so invested in the story that the game has created that I cared very little for anything else. I just wanted to reach the end and see how this wonderful, well structured, misterious story was about to end. And that was the time when everything fell apart. If it wasn't for that ending I could have given you a positive review and a 9.5/10 but that ending! Why does it enrage me so much? Well, it is because that ending invalidates everything that the player has done during the game. We (the players) have investigated, tried to solve a mistery, sometimes we ran away in fear from monsters(btw that part made me jump on my chair, well done!) you have made us feel invested in this wonderfully crafted story and at the very end.........(spoiler alert)........one could sum it up in: It was just a dream, Prospero doesn't exisists, Ethan Carter is dying and the Chthulhuesque creature ""The Sleeper"" was just a dream manifestation of Ethan! So what you (the player) did, has never happened in the fictional world of ""The vanishing of Ethan Carter"" you were just a fragment of the imagination of a dying child and nothing that you have done has affected the world in any way. Well, at that time I felt actually betrayed by the game! So what I did was not real but just a dream all the misteries remains with the answer: ""It was a dream""? Really?!?!?! The lowest denominator of twist endings: ""It was a dream"" was actually used for one of the most interesting story and concept that I have seen for a very long time?!?! So yeah, that was it. That is why I am giving you a bad review, to sum it up: wonderful game, I despised the ending so much that I needed to express it with a bad review. I am sorry, I know that it couls sound very childish and not objective but I can not help myself. I think however that your company has created a very impressive game and I would love to try your future games.Sincerely,JackskelterP.S.: English is not my mother language so if you do not understand something feel free to ask me again to rephrase something in my comment:happymeat:"
76561198023757658,Not Recommended,258520,13481484,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LoganMalone,"Beware, this is a piice of $hit software. Do not purchase this. Read technical problems discussions and reiews first before attempting to buy it.  Use at your own risk."
76561197970624064,Not Recommended,258520,13485611,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,mick,This game is potentially great except IT DOESNT WORK
,Not Recommended,258520,13101839,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ikeHz,"This game was AMAZING! Next gen graphics (the most beautiful that I saw so far), awesome soundtrack and a feeling of ""want to discover"" that captivates your attention.....UNTIL A ♥♥♥♥ING ZOMBIE JUMPS INTO YOUR SCREEN AND BLOW OFF ALL THE FEELINGS OF THE GAME.Jump scares??? Seriously? What the heck???In addition, when you reaches the end, you realize that the things you missed, or seemed not important ending up required to reach the final of the story. Could have told this on the beginning.Excluding that, AWESOME game, but really that zombie part just burn off my feels of the game.5/10."
,Not Recommended,258520,13542800,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,JLB,"The combined issues of the short playtime, arguably dubious story, optimization issues, and the fact that the graphics are absoluetly horrendous if you are unfortunate enough to have an x32 system make it a very hard sell even at this low price. Maybe when it's even lower."
76561197981814023,Not Recommended,258520,14371433,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,quantum,Excellent 1 hour hiking simulator.1/10.
,Not Recommended,258520,14563359,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Wermerg,"You're a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥, Ethan"
76561198067127545,Not Recommended,258520,17667955,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Kinky-Rock,
,Not Recommended,258520,18188745,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,walking simulator that didn't grab me
76561198092171474,Recommended,258520,24940131,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"This is a review on the Redux version (finished in about 5hrs due to loving the scenery): (mild spoilers alert,.. nothing too big though:P )WOW,.. one of the best discovery driven games ever,.. and so beautiful (i don't think i ever took so many screen shotsin a game before,.. maybe Dayz is the only other) as a lover of adventure / puzzle solving games (amongst many other types) and lovcraftian lore (amongst Many other things ;P) this really hit home. I'm not much for find-a-note games, but when a ""walking simulator"" is this gorgeous it's hard not to wanna play it.the puzzles are not hard, but inteligent in design,.. and SO rewarding with the immersive AMAZINGLY detailed cut scenes from the mind of Ethan Carter.the game feels a kin to the stories of ""the burning man/Summers' Isle"" ""shadow over innsmoth"" ""dagon"" as in you are a detective reconstructing the scenes of the ""town"" when you arrive,.. no one seen but always feel like you are being followed or watched by the townspeople.until the end,.. then it takes a turn i didn't see coming,.. but should have. ;DPositives+atmopshere+all sounds and ambience+pacing (both in plot and in character speed)+level design+puzzle design (clever, although for a veteran adv/puz gamer they were quite easy.. but it is more of a visual novel)+the graphics/design (it is like playing artwork,.. sure upclose the textures on the trees are 2.5d on 3d structures but hell what game in Unreal4 isn't like that? calling this game bad or saying anything negative about it in anyway would be like calling the Mona Lisa an artschool project..)Negatives... nothing at allI only wish it was longerI bought this on sale,.. because that's how i found out about it,.. but it is COMPLETELY worth full price!!!if you like well thought out, clever, Lovecraftian tales and adv/puz/mystery solving games.. this is for you.PS: totally craied at the end"
76561197981513845,Not Recommended,258520,19757599,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AlexTheRussian,"I started walkingThen I had walked some moreI am so tired now.Absolutely terrible game. Review is for Redux version.It's a somewhat of a puzzle exploration mystery game in it's nature, however to call it that would be an insult to those genres. It's a walking simulator and I can never, ever put enough spite into those words to serve as a warning.I'd like to use my puzzle exploration mystery solving skills and deduce what led to this games creation:Scene: (Game studio heads discussing their next game)Exec 1: Did we hire the best talent for graphical design and level creation?Exec 2: Absolutely we did. Spend all the money we had, but we got them, sir.Exec 1: Great! What about writer?Exec 2: Well, with the money we have left, we can get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ writer for a year, or a great one that will write something for us while he is sitting on the toilet in the morning.Exec 1: Tough choice. But I heard that story matters a lot, lets get that great writer.Exec 2: Done!Exec 1: What about game designer? Do we have one?Exec 2: No, not enough money to hire anyone even remotely competent.Exec 1: Bah, who cares. We have about an hour worth of content here, just tell the team to make the area bigger, and prettier, and also bigger.Exec 2: Wouldn't gamers figure out that there is literally nothing to do in our game?Exec 1: No way. Our target audience is two-fold: morons who pre-order games and hipsters who will think any pile of trash is treasure because nobody normal would touch it.Exec 2: Sir, you are a genius. I bet we will even get everyone to praise us for this worthless time waste as innovation! A whole new genre: A game where you don't actually have to play or do anything but stumble around like a drunk looking for his car keys.Exec 1: Oh, oh, and don't forget to tell them that we are not holding their hand. This way they will refuse to believe that we just didn't do anything for this game  and instead think that maybe they are not good enough to play our game.Exec 2: Now lets go roll in our piles of money and laugh at the idiots who gave it to us.I can't emphasize this any louder: The game has 1 hour worth of content but you can spend 20-30 hours looking for it. I understand how some people can't spend 100 hours consuming 100 hours worth of content in games like Witcher, but I will never understand how people can spend 20 hours trying to consume 1 hour of content.If you are not a stupid hipster that follows the crowd of other hipsters bleating like a sheep, next time you hear words ""Walking simulator"", turn around and walk away. This will complete the experience of the simulation.However, if you are looking for puzzle exploration mystery game, I can highly recommend Murdered: Soul Suspect. THAT is how you make an interesting game.I just can't believe that this are the same people who made a fun loaded Bulletstorm."
,Not Recommended,258520,15147153,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,phy,HECK YA GET DIZZY
,Recommended,258520,12243346,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,OUCH!,great exploration game and beautiful as well
,Not Recommended,258520,23435383,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,The Midnight Society,"It's insane to me such a nonsensical mess could charge 20 dollars. Now I enjoy ""walking simulators"" like Gone Home and The Stanley Parable but this game is directionless. It misses the charm or comedy those other games posses and has almost nothing to really interact with. As a detective mystery it's not compelling in the slightest. Whoever wrote this wants to be Stephen King but fails horribly. One of the worst games I've ever played."
76561198047685279,Not Recommended,258520,26666487,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mtallwood,"I purchased this game through steam and it would not load.As usual there was no help so steam has returned my money.I saw the game on ""GOG"" so i purchased it from them hoping it would work, but it didn""t .Now every time I try to load, the game stops and takes me to the steam page.I have informed GOG of this but with no responce.Both steam and gog must be afiliated.Game is a dud and so is gog."
76561198102730879,Not Recommended,258520,12383252,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Gruesome Puglet,"I wish to have an option of playing demo before I decided to buy this ""game"". It's just confusing walking sim. Game is constantly crashing and I lost my saves few times. Graphics? Oh well some people are too optymistic here. Music? Oh well it's a matter of taste. The worse spend money ever. But OH well that's only my opinion."
76561197985159091,Not Recommended,258520,13905905,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bambi,"PFF ! not my cup of tea .  if you like action game , i do not recommend .   boring ,,,,,,,, sorry that is how i feel about it !"
,Not Recommended,258520,12287419,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Porno Ross,Looks good but at just over 3 hours of gameplay its not worth $20 by any means. Also there's like one thing in the entire game you would consider an actual puzzle and not just 'walk around looking for something'. Give this stinker a wide berth until it's on sale.
76561198038820166,Not Recommended,258520,12268096,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,dragonsr4ever19,"In this game, you play the part of Paul Prospero, a detective who's come to this valley to help a boy named Ethan Carter, who's gotten involved in something not of this world. You wander through beautiful landscapes with great graphics, nice atmospheric sound, and a few fun little side puzzles to solve. The main story takes you through investigative scenes, where you have to use logic and a bit of help from your own occult powers to recreate the scene as it happened.My problem with this game was I wanted more story, more little puzzles for the amount of wandering through empty forest that I got. Did it have some clever mechanics and wonderful scenery? Yes. But it only took me 3 hours to complete this game, including a large portion of time trying to explore the forest, hoping there was more content.My takeaway? I wish the price were lower for the amount of content, or the amount of content inside the acres of empty forest was amped up."
76561198026692845,Not Recommended,258520,12288847,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ryoma Nagare,"Honestly, this game was far too short and the story after a certain point too predictable to be worth the price of admission. It doesn't help that it features a cheap M. Night Syamalan ending and has no replay value whatsoever. The puzzles are also far too easy to solve.The main character Paul Prospero was as boring as a dry slice of bread (his entire voice over consisted of monologues about the Carters). Though the voice actor himself sounds pretty good.Anyway... this game feels a lot like an advertisement for the photogrammetry texture tech than it does a game. And even then while the textures look great at some points they were put together really weird. Like, walk through the forest, notice that the entire ground is covered in dead leaves... look around... all trees are fir trees. No source where the leaves could have come from. I know a nitpick but still...Basically, you should rather get The Wolf Among Us or wait for the Gabriel Knight remake in two weeks. About the same price. Faaaaaar more content to entertain you."
,Not Recommended,258520,12284537,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,KrillinInTheNameOf,The came crashed every twenty minutes despite me trying to implement several fixes.
76561197966308886,Not Recommended,258520,12312166,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sly-Fox,"Went into this knowing absolutely nothing about it, just taking a risk and playing on a whim.To be honest. I wouldn't recommend this as a 'game' as such but it does a great job as a 'tech demo' or promo reel for the art department. Undeniably impressive to look at it's like walking through digitized picture postcards.I'm a little less enthused by the story, plot, atmosphere and immersion overall though. It's like starting a Steven King novel two chapters from the end. You know, when they go all paranormal and the suspense, buildup and interest gets dumped out in favour of his tradmark unreal guff towards the end. Unfortunately we start the story of Ethan Carter about there. The cliches run through the brief experience like the river that runs through the settlement you find yourself in. The area of exploration is relatively small which actually turns out to be a blessing in disguise.Without any real explanation as to how the mechanics work as it's a ""narrative experience that doesn't hold your hand"" (or, ""we're pretentious and if you don't get how this works first time you're an idiot""), you're left to figure things out for yourself. This would be fine in itself if the 'game' didn't then penalise you with drudgery in the form of hiking back through the same scenes for missing things you weren't aware you were looking for in the first place (this is sprung on you very close to the end). Once you realise these picture postcards you're walking through are essentially sterile and somewhat stuck in time, backtracking becomes less than appealing.It's a product that thinks it is a lot cleverer than it actually is. Stripped of the oh-so pretty scenery and some nice musical cues it would be a bargain bin knockoff supernatural paperback.A lot of work has definitely gone into this and it shows, but unfortunately it relies on its looks a little too heavily and once you scratch that expertly rendered artistic veneer, there's little of substance beneath.Can't really recommend it which is a shame as it's certainly worth a look, but really only a 'look' - maybe watch it over someones shoulder instead, or read a Steven King novel whilst using a postcard of New England as a bookmark."
,Not Recommended,258520,12266341,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Des,"It's a very beutiful game no doubt, but i found it very lackluster.it's a short adventure game (completed it in 3 hours), that says it focuses on discovery and exploration, yet it felt more linear then most, just masked with beutiful foliage, and mountains in the distance you wont be able to touch.The soundtrack is very good aswell, it was also one of the scariest things there was.The detective aspect of it is just awful, i would even dare say it's not there, you find a corpse, click on the corpse words will quickly come and then fade, missed it? too bad, can't redo. you need to gather some things and put them in their right place to open his magic occult bubble so the story can go on, find the place of the missing object(s) text pop up-fade and then you need to look into a certain direction and open another magical bubble to see the place it's at.Get it and return it, fetch quest completed! you are rewarded with a sound que telling you, that you can now get to the better part, you now have to put ""moments"" in chronological order, which is pretty much the whole detective part, you can guess the order, but it's fairly easy, you are now done with this corpse, on to the next one!There are a few.. Stories? in between the corpse quests, about half of them puzzles, neat ones (won't spoil),the ones that wasn't puzzles, mostly focused on either scaring you or bedazzling you with its great graphics, the puzzles were good/meh, one of them was frightning, and the other one i remember, kinda boring, the frightning one.. well if they made their whole game around that, with it's excellent graphics and creepy audio, it would have made a damm fine horror game, but one of many... (the puzzle in it was kinda bad though)Other complaints i have would be:No tutorial, it isn't a great neccesity (which is a shame), but it would help.No map, i get that it's discovery but it's also exploration, who goes exploring without being able to find their way?Saving, Ain't no question about that, there is currently only autosave, and guess when it auto saves, when you complete a puzzle/corpse.I found, mistakes here and there, for example in a certain spot you are able to see behind a rock cliff.No fast travel, annoyed me a bit, but i can sort of understand when it's so short.Mouse bug, about 3 minutes into the game the mouse/keyboard controls werent working, i would be stuck while ""sensing"" an object, unable to go to the menu or anything, happened several times so i switched to controller (no problem there), of course i know this might only be a few who has this, but i wrote it anyways just in case someone has the same.I most likely forgot something, but my interest only goes so far, i should have gotten the most important stuff (hopefully)if not, sorry about that.All in all, good game, but not good enough, 18,99 Eur kinda cheap, but too expensive for what i have gotten out of it, i have no doubt i would much rather never have played this game and bought a point n click game instead."
76561198054879153,Not Recommended,258520,12284812,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,se-la-vie,what do I like about The Vanishing of Ethan carter - not a thing as it doesn't work - and that really really sucks and I also cant find an answer to my problem in any of the help forums nor have I received any replies to my emails for assistance on the problem I am encountering
,Not Recommended,258520,12289344,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Esrevatem,"So it's sad but the main reason I bought this game is because it was pretty.  And the scenery is really nice to look at... I had to turn off the motion blur but with everything else on high it just looks so vivid and alive.  But unfortunately graphics aren't the only thing you need in a game, and the gameplay in this is rather weak.  It basically boils down to a handful of puzzles to solve, none of which are that difficult.  And after you solve all the puzzles and beat the game there's really no replay value unless you want to take nice, quiet walks in the woods.  So I just stumbled through the game in a little over 4 hours, got all the ""side stories"" and even though I had fun I really can't recommend the game at the current price tag of $19.99.  So... hold off on this game until it's at least 50% off or more.  It's fun, and it's pretty, but it's just way too short for the price."
,Not Recommended,258520,12293273,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,GiganteLND,"It's not about solving murders, is a pretentious story about a uncomprehended child, and even that is not well delivered, there some cool surreal events here and there but as a whole it all falls flat."
76561198077080247,Not Recommended,258520,12304496,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Bulletpr00f,Very beautiful game. Relaxing investigation gameplay. Until a zombie suddenly appeared right in front of me. You ruined my expirience by very cheap and disgusting method. Do not recommend.
76561197969472250,Not Recommended,258520,23800276,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Corvo,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter reminds me of a Stephen King novel.A fantastic start, excellent setting, and interesting concept.And then a really terrible finale.I know they say that it's the journey, not the destination. But when the destination is this eye-rolling, it makes the journey seem lame."
76561198072282366,Not Recommended,258520,31151278,Posted: 15 April,all,amyeatscake,"It is an aesthetically beautiful game to play, but the poor, cliched and ambiguous storyline plus the weak characters really lets it down. Very slow moving, I couldn't wait until it was over."
76561198040648935,Not Recommended,258520,26566989,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Destroyer,"I just cannot undertand some of thes good reviews i have read about this game.  The game is so rubbish, frustrating, time consuming and just plain boring.  It is also difficult but not because the puzzles are hard but becasue the game is made by someone with no brain.  For example i spent about 30min looking around in bushes for a rock!!!!!! which was hidden.  This happens a lot and you have no idiea if you are doing the right thing because there is nothing telling you or giving you help. I just aimlessly walked around thinking what do i do. In the end i followed a walkthrough step by step on youtube and i beat this crap game just to get a crappy ending.  The only good thing is the graphics but really if you play games often then you have not seen anything new here when it comes to graphics. Stupid waste of life game., do not waste you time or money."
,Not Recommended,258520,12258472,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kilathaar,"Beautiful but didn't live up to my expectations.Game description says ""It contains no combat or explosions of any kind"" which to me implies your gameplay won't have to rely on reflexes or quick reactions, which isn't true. Perhaps I read too much into that sentence but I expected exploration in my own pace and solving puzzles which definately ended with a certain event i felt was completely unnessecary in the game. I lost interest to continue the game when that happened. If you can continue past that I think you might still enjoy the game but if you're like me the game will probably end there with you not completing it.(I wasn't allowed to publish this unless I rated the game good or bad. I wanted to leave it undecided but went for bad because I lost intrerest to continue past that certain event.)"
,Not Recommended,258520,12296660,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Andrew,"A very pretty game with too many major flaws for me to recommend unless a.) you absolutely adore puzzle/adventure games and b.) it's super cheap on a Steam sale.The core gameplay mechanic is actually pretty great - you'll spend most of your time piecing together clues at crime scenes that then allow you to piece together a chronology of events that occured, viewing the murder with a sort of supernatural ""spirit sense"" with the hope that each will bring you closer to finding the titular Ethan Carter. Each locale is both technically and artistically impressive even by the most modern standards, so at first blush the game is a treat.But though they boast about the open-world nature of the game as you load it up--this is a game that doesn't hold your hand--here it just means you'll very likely miss a few of the more obscure items as you travel the landscape. That wouldn't be so bad if each of them simply gave you more snippets of the story, encouraging subsequent and more thorough playthroughs of what could've been a very short but interesting exploratory experience. I expected this to be the case in the beginning, but instead you'll realize only when you reach the end and can't finish that everything is required. It's essentially a linear experience that believes its open world to be a strength when it isn't. It only serves to extend the extremely short play-time through backtracking, forcing you to figure out which small clue was missed and where it might be. A crude map is provided at the end to aid in this, but I suspect only those truly engrossed in the unfolding mystery will be dutiful enough to so tediously retrace their steps.Speaking of that mystery, the story starts off and sails smoothly for the majority of the experience, offering up an intriguing tale that is effective at pulling you through, and as mentioned is potentially even interesting enough to make you put up with the backtracking you will most likely have to do. Unfortunately, the nonsensical ending sends the story off one of those beautifully textured cliffs you spent the last few hours walking around. I won't spoil it here, but it'll leave you rolling your eyes.So, like I said, it's a unique enough adventure/puzzle/walking sim that if you love that sort of thing this could be worth a few hours of your time... when it's really, really cheap. Otherwise, look elsewhere and leave Ethan to his fate."
76561198015397952,Not Recommended,258520,34069690,Posted: 6 August,all,Airius,The game had beautiful graphics and ambience but that was the best part about it. I was excited for the story but it turned out to be overhyped from the reviews I read before and a felt a bit cliched. The ending had some slurs that came out of nowhere and were completely unnecessary to either fit the setting or the tone of the game.
76561197989410470,Not Recommended,258520,31206314,Posted: 17 April,all,ZombieHunter,"Boring. Story tried to be edgy but comes off half baked. Just more artsy fartsy garbage that gets high praise from critics but in reality starts nowhere, goes nowhere and ends nowhere and takes forever to get there. Beautiful environments do not make a beautiful game. This isn't a game as interactions are sorely limited. It is a visual novel dressed up to look like a game but your time would be better spent reading a book, or doing chores, instead of slogging through this which was a chore in itself.Oh and the statement at the beginning about the game not holding your hand is really just an excuse for poor game design."
76561197976227590,Not Recommended,258520,12268403,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,phototime,"I gave up on the game. LOTS of walking, exploring only to be thrown back to the start because I did not find some clue or complete some unknown task. The auto save points are linked to the games story, if you dont find that next piece of the story all your walking and exploring is gone. I'm tired of going over the same area. Due to health issues at the moment I cannot play for more then 20-30 minutes so I never see the next save point. Great game ruined by a crappy save system. All they need to do is auto save every 30 minutes or a manual save system and the game would be great. Fantastic graphics though."
76561198058442015,Not Recommended,258520,16678395,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,gallifrey,"I'd love to recommend this game - but I can't.It's as atmospheric as hell with beautiful, haunting landscapes.  But on some level it's all landscape and little game.The first mystery I solved fairly rapidly from watching the trailer.  But then ?""The game doesn't hold your hand"" it warns/ boasts.  After the first scene other than a clue which direction to go it doesn't tell you a goddam thing.  So I was reasonably happy wandering around a spooky landscape in and out of spooky houses occasionally hearing snatches of supernatural conversation.  No interaction with anything living whatsoever.  Then I logged off for the night, went to bed, and the next night came back to find I was at the end of the first puzzle.  An hour plus of gameplay vanished.  The designers acknowledge the flaw but it cripples the casual gamer and encourages the Google search for the walkthrough which spoils a game like this.As a concept and atmosphere it's great but if you don't get on the designers' wavelength it is terminally flawed.  I also have my doubts about a detective game where you don't interact with other people.S.x."
76561197987960414,Not Recommended,258520,12256466,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sim,"Чушь собачья. История и ""детектив"" полностью оказываются бесполезными в конце. Пытаться понять сюжет нет смысла, его нет Т.е вообще. Ваша первая мысль после нахождения всех ловушек в лесу (или астронавта) - правильна. Так меня давно игра не разочаровывала. Поверьте - вы ничего (кроме времени) не потеряете посмотрев эту игру на ютубе. Да и длина всей игры -  2 часа. Даже если вы тормозите как я."
76561197972915932,Not Recommended,258520,12630719,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Andy,"The graphics are nice. The story is boring, too short (good thing in this case) and has a stupid ending. The graphics are nice. That's not enough. The end."
,Not Recommended,258520,12245730,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ワンワン!,"Just going to touch on a few points. I like this game, and I want to love it, but I just can't.A pretty good, and fun, narrative. The detective work is interesting, if a little too easy. There's never any failure for making the wrong choice, you just have to start over. But I guess every game works that way. The only other option would be to miss out on the story entirely if you failed it, and that's not fun.The game is certainly immerseive, and I found it gorgeous with motion blur and bloom disabled. I explored more than I typically do in a game, even a narrative one, simply because it all looked so good and I was fully immersed. That space story was pretty damn awesome looking, btw.Zero replayability. I think it would be awesome if the stories you encountered changed with a new playthrough, with maybe 2-3 different stories in each spot. Unfortunately, that's not the case. The game has only one story that you already know so there's no point in replaying, though I'll probably fire it up every now and then just to explore for a few minutes, I really do think it's a great looking game.My playthrough took about 3 hours. I explored everything, and the only story I missed was the traps because there was one I couldn't find. This, combined with the lack of replayability, is why I think the price tag is a little too high. While I did like the game, I can't recommend it unless narrative games and/or detective play is your main thing."
,Not Recommended,258520,24002532,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HELLOW,BADDDDDDDDDDD (for $20)-good graphics-good gameplay-only 4 hours-way too expensivewould be good for $5
76561198060812797,Not Recommended,258520,16436517,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,zZ_SPETSNAZ_Zz,"Would not recommend it, anti-christian game."
,Not Recommended,258520,12253358,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"I've been looking forward to this game for a year or so. Everything about this game is cool, truly awesome graphics, smooth movement, locations, cool ideas...but I will give it a negative review because this game could have been something really special, unfortunately for me it came across as very strange with some really weird elements (I won't describe them because I would spoil the story). It's a game where you can walk around for 5 hours being in a completely wrong location‎ having no clue what you are looking for. It kind of reminds me Alan Wake but Alan was gripping for me comparing to this one."
76561197999511997,Not Recommended,258520,12253181,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,CountZio,"A game that relies on its atmosphere too much for its own good. I felt like something was missing throughout the whole game to keep my interest and after seeing the ending, I was disappointed in the whole story.Not worth $20, wait for sales if you are really curious."
,Not Recommended,258520,25277937,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LeBaux,"TLDR Version: This game is so short, it looks like Unreal Engine 4 presentation demo.So I had to actually install the ORIGINAL-9GB-big-Unreal-Engine-3 version of this game, just to write a freaking review for Unreal Engine 4 6GB REDUX version. Let's get to it! Unfortunatelly, the gorgegous graphics is the most positive aspect of the game.Don't get fooled with those 9/10 reviews from EuroGamer and GameSpot - I know I did. This game is solid 5, but not in the milion years 9 and it is not worthed 20 bucks in any nearby dimension. Don't get me wrong, this game is a looker and all, but extremely short and vague. If you are taking your time and discovering everything yourself without any cheats and guides, you can finish the story in under 2 hours, taking all achievments into account lets say 3-4 hours. The story itself is OK. It is not bad, or great... just OK. It seemed underdeveloped to me, and I felt a little cheated after finishing the game in such a short time.Just do yourself a favor, buy this game only if it is 85%+ off, otherwise I have to say it is not worthed.+ Graphics+ Optimalisazion (REDUX version)- Price- Lenght- Story- Game mechanics- Replay value- Interactivity- Number of puzzles- World size (literally 5 buildings)- Ending- Overhyped in general- No card drops for redux version- Achievments are not synced too"
,Recommended,258520,12260899,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Custifier (Koen),Beautiful game. Great soundtrack and stunning graphics. Also the storyline is very polished. Definately recommended if you like immersive games. Actually the most stunning looking game i've ever played
76561197970524443,Recommended,258520,16673899,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"A difficult test of puzzle solving ability, patience, and memory. Most may be turned off from the game's reluctance to provide information, direction, or order of completion to some objectives required. However, if you are looking for a game that pretty much relies on the you doing all the work, this game is for you. Picked it up on Steam summer sale, as it was on my backlist of games to try. I'm glad I did. It was a nice break from the normal run of things. Do not expect action, you will find none here. More a different step in the Myst seriest direction, with a slight Alan Wake environment...\Should also note that fnishing everything the game has to offer took me less than 4 Hours...with taking in scenery from time to time. Pick it up on sale, a game that short is only justified well below asking price."
76561198071591920,Not Recommended,258520,34805741,Posted: 7 September,all,bucketman,"“The whole plot resembles incoherent scraps of fanfiction written by a 12-year-old because it’s like literally written by a 12-year-old, get it? It’s a narrative experience, ma-an”is a point at which all of this post-modernist pretentious♥♥♥♥♥♥has to stop.The rest is the worst kind of cliched adventure-game-logic puzzle filler and object hunting, barely held together by level design so focused on wasting your time hiking that it completely forgets to reward exploration.Also the woods and derelict property 99% of the game happens in look almost exactly like woods and derelict property. Which is an exciting thing nowadays, I guess."
,Not Recommended,258520,12268126,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,-=312th=- Mr. PT™,"Fun game, but it is incredibly short.  For the length of time it took, I would recommend not buying it unless it goes down to about 5 dollars."
,Not Recommended,258520,12266561,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"This looked like it had so much potential. I was closely following this game for months and I was really looking forward to it. However, this game is extremely boring, and after playing through all of it the ending wasn't very rewarding either. Just another walking simulator...It has a great art style, though."
,Not Recommended,258520,28385026,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,NoobsDeSroobs,"I would have given it a good review until I started looking for the final achievement. ♥♥♥♥ the developers for ♥♥♥♥ing that one up.I picked up the grenade and I walked to the dam to throw it into the water. Then I pressed A as the message said, but no matter how long I held it it didnt throw the granade. So I moved on. I came back and the message was gone. I restarted the entire story and tried again, same issue. I read online that restarting the game should help, but then it just removed the message.Dont get this game as it is broken and will just annoy you."
,Not Recommended,258520,12251926,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,-KV- ImpartialCrab,Too bloody short.
76561198030573167,Not Recommended,258520,12246021,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Brotato Salad,"If I were to sum up this game, I would say it was a fun little detective game with some great, varied puzzles, gripping storyline and stunning graphics. There was just one big huge problem for me: It's way too short. This game took me roughly 5 hours to finish, not that bad right? well no, pretty much 2 hours of that was spent walking from place to place trying to figure out what to do and another hour or so trying to get around the multiple game breaking bugs that I encountered. I really want to recommend this game, but with all its faults I don't think it deserves it.Get it while it's on sale, this is not worth £15 at all"
,Not Recommended,258520,12248651,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Dev,"Visually stunning game except when it comes to character models. Progression, story and mechanics become boring and unrewarding as instead of the game getting harder and more puzzling it becomes much easier and the story itself gets mixed up if not done in the right order. Overall a 5/10 in my books, the 5 being purely for the graphical fidelity of it."
27182818284590452,Recommended,258520,12239851,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Alex,"THE GRAPHICS THOUGH!!! I've played this game for 30 minutes and the graphics in this game are fantaboulastastical! I have never seen such fidelity and smoothness on the Unreal Engine. The game is very well optimized, especially for release. I just started the campaign but can already tell it is very in depth and cool. This is a MUST HAVE and for $20 it's worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,258520,25427656,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,7h3 74nk,I don't get it.
76561197971139101,Not Recommended,258520,31207523,Posted: 17 April,all,corriscant,"Beautifull, but this is not investigator game.Artists work 5+, good ambient music.Story... boring.It could be one of the many The Witcher 3 quest, not a whole game.Looks like devs make good tech demo then decide to create game from it."
76561198025110559,Not Recommended,258520,12254716,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,dkapbboy,Game's pretty boring in my opinion... I kinda want my money back.
,Not Recommended,258520,12249673,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,mewn,"Would I recommend it :not at that priceIt looks superb, no doubt about it, the narrator voice is pleasant.Still a walking simulator.Added perk : couldn't shake off motion sickness even after bumping up the FOV."
,Not Recommended,258520,12241879,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ks,"Graphaically the game is amazing but in the long run it becomes quite tedious and ends up a chore just to finish through to the ending. Boy, is it disappointing when you get there.I'm not trying to undermine the effort the developers put into it but, it seems like they put all of their time into the graphics and making the trailers interesting than they did into any other aspect of the game.You'll sprint across the game world back tracking to an area you forgot. You'll spend time exploring the edges of the map realizing the game is infinitely more linear than it lets on. You'll laugh at the terrible voice acting. You'll cringe at the lack luster story. You'll only play it once and in the age of constant steam sales it's hard to say it's worth full price.$20 for 4 hours of sprinting back and forth across a beautiful landscape isnt a buy now in my book. Sorry, Astronauts, maybe next time."
,Not Recommended,258520,12252192,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Comis,Invisible walls everywhere. I regret this purchase.
76561198062862150,Not Recommended,258520,31508474,Posted: 2 May,all,Deckie,said there was no jump scares then it jump scared me so i turned it off and havent been back on in 2 years and never will shunt have lied to me
,Not Recommended,258520,12245343,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Simbiat,"It looks good. Lots of details: map was surely done with a lot of love. But it did notgive me enough motivation or a goal to look forward to. I would have loved to actually BE there, to walk about that place IRL, but... Maybe it just proves, that purely fre-roam-narrative games are not for me. I'm voting this one ""no"" because there is not much options here, that Steam provides =("
76561198083576124,Recommended,258520,23935893,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GigaFallus9000,SPOILER:he's a fàggót
,Not Recommended,258520,12244492,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"I hoped for a solid occult mystery adventure game and got a beautifull walking simulator. I liked Dear Esther and Gone Home, but this game is just too boring for me. I'll try playing it more, but I won't reccomend buying it for 20$. Wait for sale."
,Not Recommended,258520,26494067,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,x2Li,Walking simulator
76561198121485649,Recommended,258520,12240309,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,happyfeet,The game is fun but the real reason I got it was beacuse my friend is named ethan carter.11/10 name10/10 game
76561198112662768,Not Recommended,258520,12248808,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,dubrovskaya92,"Я может быть и была бы рада в нее поиграть, но вот только игра сильно тормозит, часто даже просто не загружается. Поставила все в настройках по минимуму и все равно игра тормозит.Но даже поиграв все таки в нее немного, я заметила что это Dear Esther 2 и что как и в Dear Esther там нет сохранения... А это сильно бесит"
76561198038677251,Not Recommended,258520,23663868,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,NaZQ8,this is the last time i buy boredom simulator  game :)
76561198003380651,Not Recommended,258520,12244758,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,beyondtool,"Straight up no eyefinity support. Just gutted. If any game needed support for eyefinity it is this atmospheric game. Just can't fathom why??? It supports changing view angles and uses the Unreal engine.I think walking simulator is an apt description as you will spend most of your time doing this. The puzzles are reasonably cerebral however so if you liked Myst I think you will really enjoy this game. If you are content to let the world seep into you there is a lot to like, however the on rails nature of the world is too restrictive and I got sick of hitting all the invisible walls. The graphics are wonderful, but there is micro stutter everytime the unreal engine loads new content (ala Remember Me).There is no journal, no map and no goals or progression. Whilst this is refreshing I can see many wondering ""what the hell am I supposed to do?""..which is possibly the point! But this is sure to put many off.I will update this review as flawless widescreen has hacked in support for eyefinity and nvidia surround resolutions, which makes a massive difference to immersiveness of the game. I have also modified the .ini files for a smoother experience, the game has also had a healthy 1GB patch. So out of the box the experience needs some tweaking but it can be made incredibly beautiful on a high end rig now. As the game progresses it feels a little less restrictive but it is still mostly a linear game. There are a few jump scares so it's not all mood, but not as effective as Outlast (a better designed horror experience and my game of the year so far). Again if you loved Myst you will love this game, but personally I found Myst a mountain of obtuse frustration and ended up following a walkthrough..however somehow Ethan Carter manages to provide enough logic for me to figure out the puzzles without too much difficulty. Still more variation in puzzle design is sorely needed from what I have played so far.And it's all over. A very short experience despite my attempt to backtrack and check everything. By the time the credits rolled I had experienced and solved all the puzzles. It's really only half a game and that makes me a sad panda. Steam sale contender folks.."
,Not Recommended,258520,23676082,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Perseus of Holly,THIS IS THE MOST UNFUN GAME I HAVE PLAYED IN A LONG TIMESORRY ANYONE THAT MAY LIKE THIS TYPE GAME... I BEAT MYST AND ENJOYED IT ALOT... THIS NOT AT ALL ... ENOUGH
,Recommended,258520,12240058,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,x²,"Ran through the forest and a trap made me literally vanish.10/10, would vanish again."
,Recommended,258520,19067077,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,saguran,"The most beautiful realistic artstyle game I've ever played. The soundtrack is quite lovely too. The game begins in telling you that it won't hold your hand and it kinda doesn't. I didn't find the puzzles too ""puzzling"", but there are certain things in the game you need to find to solve them. Some of these things I just stumbled upon by chance. I was lucky. Some people might end up searching for it for hours and that could be frustrating. For some reason the controls, specifically look, is sluggish. I don't know for what reason. This doesn't ruin the game since you don't require quick reactions. In the end, good story, highly recommended."
76561198017921946,Recommended,258520,19053003,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Phantom,I try to not read any walkthroughs or spoilers until I really get stuck. This happened only once in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.  I ended up playing the game through in 40 hours exploring every nook and cranny. This gave me the maximum value for money :)I would recommend the game for the not so serious gamer looking for a mystery game.Enjoy!
,Recommended,258520,18973459,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,mkchrc14,"It is difficult to put this game in a specific genre, oh it is a point and click but whether it is a mystery, adventure, or even fantasy it is hard to say , so let's go with all of the above.The game opens the story with the paranormal detective heading out to a town to meet a boy who has been writing to him on a regular basis.  In his effort to reach the boy he comes across a series of murders. Each victim is recognized as a member of Ethan's family (by the way if you haven't guessed by now the boy in question is none other than Ethan Carter).The detective uses his ""gift"" to figure out the events that led up to each murder.The story is engaging. The graphics are excellent.  My only complaint is that it can be slow going and if you are not careful you could miss important details. Despite this I say all in all it is a great game."
76561198256379973,Recommended,258520,19002033,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,JayPasta,"This was a great game in my opinion. It had such beuatiful atmosphere, and indulged you in great suspense along the way. The way you are let loose to roam free in this game is an incredible, and inevative consept to video games all around. Though be warned, since this game does not hold your hand, it will get frustrating at times. But is completely worth the while when you start figuring things out, and putting the clues you discover along your epic journey, like pieces to a puzzle. It is so story rich that at times you won't remember there is a world away from the game. Hope you get the chance to try it!"
,Recommended,258520,18755701,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SyX II,Approved!
,Recommended,258520,18755791,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Super Nerdy Paladin of Bees,"So many things to love in this game.First of all, it's like walking through a photograph. It's gorgeous at every turn and the recent update makes its transistions smooth.The mysteries are clever and a bit spooky (theres murder involved so if that freaks you out then maybe this game isn't for you.)You're a detective, yet the story isn't played out in the typical and predicatable way. You don't even investigate like a detective.It's a really open world- heck if you just want a pretty walking simulator this game covers that.Took about 8 hours to beat- could've taken longer if i hadn't looked at a guide when i got stuck.Basically everyone should play this game, especially if you are a literature buff. (Call backs to Lovecraft, Poe and many more)"
76561197992750270,Recommended,258520,18755144,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Pesto,"I loved the interaction interface.  It helped build the story line very well and was an interesting departure from some other games of this genre.The puzzles were pretty basic.  In fact I was overthinking the only one I got ""stuck"" for a few hours on.  This was extremely disappointing as I was hoping for more of a challenge.The story line was really pretty neat, and how they wrapped your character's ability to see the past fluidly with current events was pretty cool as well.All in all it was a fun game to play, but I finished it in about 5 hrs of playing time, and that included a bunch of time of me going around every single place again to make sure I didn't miss something that would prolong the game a little bit more.I would love to play other games using this engine, but hopefully they will be longer and more in depth."
,Recommended,258520,18738198,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,OhioMan,Good graphics and smooth gameplay. I got stuck and decided to put this title down and play more another day..Definately would recommend.
,Recommended,258520,18748309,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,trevb0t,"Easily one of the most beautiful games I've ever played; both for its vivid environments, fascinating puzzles, and for succeeding in making the feels happen. If you like puzzles, dark and creepy themes, fantastic visuals, and challenging gameplay, this is high on my recommendations list."
76561198053026206,Recommended,258520,18815592,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ashtayer,Very nice story
76561198067453194,Recommended,258520,18816032,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KroeboCop,"Really nice and good sound in the game, but I still think it was a little boring in it. 5/10"
,Recommended,258520,13628847,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mikesnype,"Love this game. My favorite part about it is exploring and viewing the scenery. I was lost in the world from the ambient sounds and awesome atmosphere of the game.Visuals 10/10Sounds 10/10Puzzles 6.5/10Story    10/10Would I replay this game? I think so, even though it would be repetitious. There are probably many things I missed that I cannot go back to because of the a certain thing that happens during the story, can't say because spoilers.Edit: Finished the game. Beautiful piece of work, I want more. Please give us another mystery to solve. I loved this story. (Edit to my story rating, from 9/10 to 10/10) I would love to have some puzzles that were more difficult. But I assume you kept it a bit easier to keep the audience's attention. Make something too hard, and some people will avoid the whole thing."
,Recommended,258520,18977074,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SO|-||_O,"Prob the most beautiful game I own, esp the redux on UE4 which comes free with this game. The graphics alone make the game a must have for any pc gamer, period. But the story is great, gameplay is great, and the whole thing makes you feel emersed. Gameplay, Graphics, Music, get it."
76561198181775715,Recommended,258520,19010203,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Magic Majuju,"This is a beautiful game with impressive graphics and a magical, but sometimes spooky, atmosphere. You play as a paranormal detective searching for a boy named Ethan Carter. Gameplay involves you searching for clues and piecing them together to reveal more of the storyline. It's a great puzzle thriller with innovative, yet simple, controls. If you decide to play this game, my only advice would be to really search the beginning area thoroughly before proceeding to the main town. There are two major clues in the beginning area that I missed and had to backtrack all the way from the end of the game."
,Recommended,258520,18821438,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,anjir4,"Pros:* Stunningly beautiful graphics. Sometimes I just walked around a bit extra, just to look at the scenery.* Very well composed soundtrack, that fits perfectly with the atmosphere in the game. I bought the soundtrack too.* Story wise, what can I say? I am a sucker for stories, and story rich games, so this was right up my alley. And they were beautifully told, and oh my heart, my heart!* Puzzle mechanism offered no hand holding, which imo is a good thing. I choose to enlist help of a walkthrough guide for the parts I could not figure out myself, but it is great that you get the option of having to solve everything yourself as well.Cons:* I don't know what to say here. The only thing is that I got a bit motion sick from playing it, but that happens to me a lot. It was also one of the first games I played using a controller, and I wasn't used to it, which made me turn and swirl more than necessary. It really helped when I widened the FoV and turned motion blur off, as suggested on some forums. Soo... on the PRO side, really good with built in FoV changer, no need to use 3rd party software for it.Comment: It is hard to describe why I like this game so much. It hits all the sweet spots for me. It was at times a bit too scary for me, I scare easily, and I had to ask my partner to come sit next to me for a few parts of the game. But it wasn't too scary. It just left me with that empty feeling afterwards, that one can get when finishing something that left an impression. Imo totally worth buying even if not on sale.9.0/10"
,Recommended,258520,19301708,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,B4TB0T,"Short and sweet, with a great story and puzzling ending. The game is very atmospheric, and can be unsettling at times, and it does come with a few jumpscares here and there."
,Recommended,258520,19280257,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Llobster,"Intriguing multi-layered story?  Check.Hauntingly beautiful musical score?  Check.Stunningly realistic graphics? Check.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an extremely well put together puzzle/adventure/exploration/mystery/horror game.  Its world is a joy to explore.  I found the puzzle sequences very fun, but almost more enjoyable for me was just walking around exploring the world.  The environments are so well put together I was contantly wanting to see what was around the next bend or through that grove of trees or in that house.  I took a ridiculous amount of screenshots.  It just seemed that after I took a few steps there was something else that I had to take a picture of.The music is beautiful and the subtle transitions as you move between environments are very well done to adjust the mood of the game at a given point.The story is really interesting and I wanted to just push on until I had solved the mystery of what was going on and had transpired in the valley before I got there.  It is one of those rare stories that stays with you after you finish it and you find yourself thinking about it for a while after you are done.  Really a great and well made game.  I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,258520,19318261,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,QuizTheCannon,"Alright so I love mystery games so I had to pick this game up.Honestly it was ok. I dont really wanna give too much back story so I dont spoil it, but as you could guess you're trying to find Ethan Carter.Pros:Good GraphicsWonderful Sound and MusicCreative GameplayLarge WorldGood EndingCons:Often Times Confusing in both Gameplay and the Storyline: Had to use a Guide(yes I'm a noob)Limited InteractionYou can miss parts in the game very EasilyTo be honest, wait for this game to go on sale for about $6.50 to buy it. Really Good setup, Good Gameplay and the Graphics and Music make the game amazing. I'd Rate it 7/10 Not for everyone but still good game."
,Recommended,258520,15785405,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,koffE,One of the most exciting and beautiful games ever to be in my possession.And the shortest..... :(
76561198162177653,Recommended,258520,19342450,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CommunalLobster,"Beautiful graphics and a very immersive storyline, the nice thing about this game is that it doesn't take you by the hand. It is souley your choice!"
,Recommended,258520,14577047,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ulfr,"Load times are about as long as the game but well worth it.Haven't played this game in nearly a year and still one of the better story driven games I've played.Really enjoyed it, wish there were more."
,Recommended,258520,30439934,Posted: 10 March,all,balistik-one,This game (as is this review) is short and excellent.
76561198026785846,Recommended,258520,19531448,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dojok,"Beautiful realistic graphics, an amazing soundtrack, breathtaking locations, a captivating atmosphere and an intriguing story all help to make this game an unforgettable experience. The game doesn't hold your hand - from the start you are on your own, and it is up to you to figure out how to proceed.You play as Paul Prospero, a supernatural detective, who has come to the stunning, but quiet, Red Creek Valley to look for a boy named Ethan Carter. As you travel around the different locations you will discover more about what happened, as well as learn about Ethan and his family.Some people call this game a walking simulator, but I think those people were expecting something like Amnesia or the like. The game is a narrative experience, so focus is on the story. The plot is excellent and has quite a few twists and surprises, some of it clearly inspired by the works of the early 20th century horror author H.P. Lovecraft.If you do not like story-heavy games, where you have to piece together different parts and make up the missing links yourself, then this game is not for you. The game isn't really scary, but while walking around, you can't help but get a feeling of dread, especially if you get really caught up in the story. However there is one part that may include jumpscares - it is necessary to truly complete the game, but it can be skipped if it is a problem.I spent about 8 hours on this game, but it can easily be completed in a much shorter time, like 2-3 hours. I spent a long time simply admiring the environments and walking around feeling the atmosphere, sometimes even stopping to just think about the story. If I have to think of any improvements, the game could have been slightly longer, and it will probably be a while before you truly understand the story.Get it if you want to get an intriguing experience, dive deep into a complex story or simply just try something a little different."
,Recommended,258520,19583843,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Hyperspeed1313,"A brilliantly developed story has you on your toes for what will be the next unfolding all the way to the end. While the gameplay isn't as action packed as some, the story will keep you wanting more. And as it says, this game does NOT hold your hand. You have to take the initative to look for the clues that help solve each mystery. And sometimes, those clues only appear for you once you need a reason to look for them, so backtracking is necessary.Be prepared. This story will tear your heart apart right when you least expect it to.The ending will make you cry, so be prepared.Have a permission slip signed for your next feels-trip before riding.**I played through on the Redux in Unreal 4 so my gameplay time doesn't show up here."
76561198048145497,Recommended,258520,19809251,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,VeggieKnight,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter instantly became my favorite game of all time after I played through it for the first time. I liked it so much that as soon as I finished it, I downloaded the Redux version to play again. This game is a masterpiece- Not only are the visual effects breathtaking, but the story is fantastic. No fan of mysterys will every regret playing this game."
,Recommended,258520,19561248,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dr. Blue,"Probably the most beautiful game I've seen yet. The Valley is rendered in loving detail. The game nails the supernatural atmosphere. I'll take points off for a fairly bad ending, though."
,Recommended,258520,19541592,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KATSU!,"Great game, interesting story!"
,Recommended,258520,19714039,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Business Fish,"cool game, just make sure you have a super computer to run it."
,Recommended,258520,20158746,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LazyCrow,This game was amazing.
,Recommended,258520,20045356,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Foss!l,"Surrealistic, narrative game with awesome graphic style!"
76561198021763379,Recommended,258520,20079299,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,"Hermoso en todo aspecto.Graficos musica ambientacion historia animacion, muy dificil en algunos momentos y una historia que cumple estando a la altura. Un solo tema, hay que tener ganas de jugarlo es decir, no tenes tiros y es muuuuy tranquilo. Asique no lo agarren a lo apurado, hay que dedicarle tranquilo y disfrutar de los paisajes que va mostrando"
76561198058371460,Recommended,258520,16891954,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,cATARIina83,"A Good adventure game.Game developers had made a good job with the graphics, environment was beautiful,"
76561198191357223,Recommended,258520,20125339,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,wilsonf5,awesome
76561198101733662,Recommended,258520,20136427,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,luwisner,"WHen I first got this game, I excpected to be done with it in an hour or less. I was  wrong. Th ereason being is that this game is very hard to figure out and takes some brain power to slove the mysterym. Her are the pros of the game. The looks like you literally are up in the mountains. The voice acting is amazing as well as the hole story. The stpry is nice and weird at the same time. After the first cut scene i was jump scared. Wasn't impressed by that. After that, the atmosphere of the game was very spooky and sinister. The fact you interact with the dead scares me. A little tip, dot go off the railroad track unless there is a trail. I am doing a series on my youtube channel of the game. Check it out to get a feel of what the game is. My channel is lucasroom year round. Hope this helps give you an idea of what you are in for. Enjoy the game. I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,258520,20217964,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dean,holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,258520,20220763,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ViperX25,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the best games i have played in a long time. If you enjoy adventure games you should definately buy this game.
,Recommended,258520,20043688,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,aktkd1,"I struggled with the meaning of this game, and I've had a change of heart after discovering what it really means. Or rather, that it doesn't matter very much what it means to me, its up to the individual to discover what this game means to them.It all seemed a little too ambiguous to me. I understand there are a lot of different ways to see how it ends, but that I think is what I found so frustrating. No one theory that I had about the ending was totally supported by the rest of the story. But this may just be my ineptitude, there is a satisfying ending to those that can understand it.It was a great idea for a story, the environment was seriously amazing, and I was having fun solving the puzzles until the very end of the game (be warned the dialogue get's a little stale). Once I saw the ending I felt that everything I had done up to that point was completely invalidated. However, you might not feel like that playing through it.If viewing the gorgeous landscape is enough for you, then go for this game. Same if you'd like some interesting puzzles, or if you're looking to hunt for meaning in a place where it's not handed to you (this game refuses to hold your hand). If you're looking for an easy story, turn back now. Overall, I'm going to recommend it, but only if you know what you're getting into"
76561198213723957,Recommended,258520,20065288,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bvillebee315,After 15 mins of playing the sound cut out all together..I'm unsure of how to fix this problem
,Recommended,258520,20262987,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,stuffhappens88,One of the most beautiful 'walking simulator' ever.10/10 would walk again
76561198017912501,Recommended,258520,22476681,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,thehairymountainman,Excellent short mystery story. Does not hold hand: but more allows you to find the solution. Is like playing through a beautiful light thriller novel.Highly recommend for those looking for something different and slower paced
76561197999798076,Recommended,258520,13488767,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Poetic,Ethan Carter is gone. He's vanished. Where is he? WHERE IS ETHAN CARTER?
,Recommended,258520,13489120,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bornassassin77,"Fun game, but got unnecessarily ritual and weird out of nowhere. I pressed F12 DOZENS times! Only about 5 hours long tho :("
76561198049345695,Recommended,258520,13489129,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wolfyman001,Very beautyful game and a great story. I loved the puzzles.
,Recommended,258520,13503660,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,T3x ᗢ *SteelSeries,"What a beautiful gameI love it and i can recommand itIt fits all together the atmosphere, the sounds just all of the game.Very big thanks to the developer, The Astronauts.Thank you for an awesome title."
76561198025074153,Recommended,258520,13504093,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,pilkjaer,"One of the most beautiful games I have ever played. Wonder why all the games don't look like that!?Game is rather short but it has a deep moving story with unexpected ending. Really good job, Astronauts! This game really deserves all the positive reviews it gets. Unbelievable what one can achieve with Unreal Engine. Easily worth 12€ just to experience it.+ stunning graphics+ moving story+ clever puzzels+ atmosphere+ experience/feel of the game- some may find it too short- takes some time to understand the mechanics of the game- no replay value- risk to get lost. but game warns you about not holding your hand in the very beginning. So just explore!"
76561197970426813,Recommended,258520,13505431,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,berth.ljunggren,"This is an amazing game, the visuals are just stunning, game is not violent but it is not for children either, the investigation you perform show acts of violence that has happened, and there are some scare along the way.The puzzles are in most part easy enough to solve and the recreation step where you have to place sequence of events in the right order are bit different."
,Recommended,258520,13507047,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,basuragomi,Screenshot Simulator 2014
76561198011543452,Recommended,258520,13507235,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Big Tool,Although the game is a fairly short one its still a good solid game. Decent story with nice puzzles and a little detective work.  Not too taxing but definitely worth a play through.
76561198031794528,Recommended,258520,13508504,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Theholyevil,"For a pretty short game, The vanishing of Ethan Carter brings some stunning visuals with an amazing atmosphere. My only issue is about the constant want to flinch with rarely anything being there. The story was a little over glorified, as you see most of the story through trial and error. If you like a mystery with a little of the supernatural mixed in, this could be a great game for you. Otherwise, if you are the hard action horror delver, you might find yourself a bit disappointed but entertained nonetheless."
76561198066790574,Recommended,258520,13509715,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ME,"This game has atmospheric music, wonderful visuals and lots of nice little touches. The music transitions are quite smooth and the voice acting is pretty good. The story is the sort of story that will make you feel emotional and if you don't have a little tear in your eye at the end you are a philistine (or you have dry eyes). The are parts that will creep you out and parts that will really confuse you. The are a few things that could be better for example some textures seem slightly stretched and, models could be improved, the edges/walls sometimes seem a bit abrupt and the way forward isn't always clear, but over all it is very well made and I would highly recommend it. 9.0/10"
76561198003457704,Recommended,258520,13509851,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Thunder,"This is a piece of art, definitely. It is not about action, it is about details and I got totally lost in the details of this story.The ending made me sad though, finally realizing what the clock's throughout the game with two sides 7:00 and 7:04 meant. Look out for them.If you want something quiet you will remember (still with a bitter taste of sadness) buy it, play it. I can only recommand it."
,Recommended,258520,13510172,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Travis Rowland,The most beautiful game I have ever played!
,Recommended,258520,13510668,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Long Dong Silver,"This game has amazing visuals, amazing atmosphere and an interesting story, If you're into mysteries definitely buy this game"
,Recommended,258520,13468701,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Clovis,"Right from the onset, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter pulls you into its simple yet intriguing and sometimes spooky story. The controls are extremely basic: you can walk, run, crouch, and interact with certain objects - that's it. The game doesn't tell you how to solve its mysteries or even how to do anything at all.You can walk around at your leisure (you'll find yourself doing that quite a lot thanks to how beautiful this game looks) and figure things out as you go. But you'll never truly be puzzled, as investigating Ethan's vanishing is helped along by your seemingly supernatural detective abilities.The actual content itself is somewhat bare, but that seems almost unimportant because where the game really stands out is in how it presents that content. There are beautiful sights and sounds to drink in at all times, and the entire thing feels like a surreal journey more than an adventure or a puzzle.The atmosphere is truly exceptional, partly thanks to excellent graphics that bring out the best of the beautiful locale and photorealistic art assetts. I don't feel I'm exaggerating one bit when I say The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the prettiest games I've ever played. In fact, when I was done for the first time, it was not the lack of content I regretted but rather the lack of an excuse to keep strolling around the beautiful valley where the story takes place.This means that although the game is very short (about 3-4 hours) and technically offers you no reasons to play through it again, you may find yourself doing so anyway, if only to further appreciate the gorgeous environments as well as the clues you can find throughout the journey, some of which make even more sense after you've already completed the game."
,Recommended,258520,13352049,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,elcman,"This is a beautiful, but short game. Broad landscapes and lush environments. There are times you would be hard pressed to see the difference between the game and a photograph. Just keep in mind that my total time playing was about 3 hours, and that was with going back through the environment to see things I may have missed.The gameplay is interesting. It's a puzzler and you're the non-violent party, with plenty of violent scenes around you to resolve. The first, or some may say second, puzzle is the most complicated of them, but it sets a pattern that can be readily followed. (The first ""insight"" is more of a exploration.)This follows in the path of Alan Wake, but with a story heavy, non-violent approach. It tells a story and tells it beautifully in a series of framed situations. There are some gristly and frightening situations, but it definitely a puzzler, not a survival horror. You'll get a chance to review and act on puzzles you didn't get to unlock the ending.The weakest part of this game ends up being the acting for the English voiceovers, unfortunately. There were good spots with your character, but I think either by subduing the audio a bit or by framing the situations better for the actors, it would have meshed better.Overall, a beautiful, poetic walk at points with a heavy, foreboding atmosphere."
,Recommended,258520,13478486,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,jwrayth,"The game is very narrative focused, so it's hard to really explain what makes it so enjoyable without spoling it. In brief; coherent and engaging narrative mated with strong use of simple gameplay mechanics leads to a slowly evolving mystery around the titular Ethan Carter.Worth the price of admission, provided you have some patience."
,Recommended,258520,13478787,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,AyeWantCandy,"This game is worth every penny you spend on it. I purchased this game for fifteen pounds and I am deeply in love with it. I can play this for hours. You make you're own theories about what happens in the game. It tells you nothing and doesn't hold your hand. There are no quest markers, no right or wrong answers and it's perfect. It feels like YOU are in control in this investigation. Not like LA Noire where Cole Phelps picks up every single discarded♥♥♥♥♥packet everytime the game plays a piece of music. In this game, if you can just glance at the scene and walk off, it doesn't force you to do anyhting. You can go from one end of the game to the other without completing any missions. I seriously flipping recommend this game."
,Recommended,258520,13479395,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Snaptic,"One of the most beautifully haunting experiences I've ever had. And that's what this is, an experience more than a game. Through it's stunning aesthetics and chilling plot, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter leaves a profound impact. By far worth the $20 asking price."
76561197974322682,Recommended,258520,13479436,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kev,"This is a gorgeous game. It has a very simple crime-solving mechanic which is still engrossing nonetheless. This is one of those games whose prime objective is to tell a story. It uses its striking visuals and unique game mechanics to do that. It is short though, so keep that in mind. All things considered, I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,258520,13479737,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zyrxil,"The first thing that comes to mind when talking about this game is that it is incredibly beautiful and scenic. I suppose it's an intentional ironic contrast to the story, which is mostly horror based- not active-scare survival horror, but discovery-horror.The actual gameplay is that of a 'walking-simulator', with some puzzles. It's a short game, just a few hours, as walking simulators tend to be, but finishing the puzzles are actually required to see the ending of the game. I thought the writing was fairly good, with well done cutscenes and mini-stories (you'll understand that part in game), with an ending that provided good closure.I don't mind paying full price for this type of game, but I think most people would enjoy it more buying during a sale. For example, the Steam Holiday Sale, right now, today."
76561198010969180,Recommended,258520,18822127,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DerHerrgott,"One-of-a-kind exploration and puzzle-solving game.As others have mentioned, I was surprised at how short the game is, but the developers crammed such a huge amount of graphical fidelity into the environment that the game length is understandable.ESPECIALLY now that they rebuilt the whole game in Unreal Engine 4 (free of additional charge), it looks absolutely incredible and you really should pick it up, if only just to see what promise that game engine holds for the future.I've never seen any other game that holds a candle to the graphical quality that the devs have created in this game. Prepare to be transported to an idyllic town built around a dam, surrounded by woods and nature as if you are walking around at Lake Tahoe."
76561197970729719,Recommended,258520,18818084,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dead Jester,"This is not just a game but a great story, with puzzle and exploration based gameplay.Visually beautiful. Musically well scored and voice acting that is pretty good. All in one game which is very unusual.The people who worked on this should be applauded. Games are seldom this worthwhile playing through to their completion.Spoiler: It isn't necessarily what you think it is.I can't say more without spoiling badly.NB:A) As it says in the game intro; You wont be handheld through, you have to work things out.B) Just played the Redux version through beginning to end in one sitting. Then had to play the normal version for 5 minutes to be allowed to give a review - Steam/Valve please fix this, you are denying a great game many good reviews by not fixing this"
76561198156201061,Recommended,258520,18849477,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JustCh-L-C,"This game was really well done! The storyline was well written, the graphics and visuals are amazing, and it kept me engaged in plot. I couldn't stop playing! My only complaint is that it's easy to miss vital parts of the story. They do warn you that the game will not hold your hand, but I feel they should have given more hints to puzzle locations. When first playing, I completely missed the trap puzzle at the very beginning. I only played the redux version, so I didn't have problems with backtracking except to go back to the beginning. I also liked that the puzzles didn't need to be done in order so you can play the game as you like instead of one linear pathway. I would highly recommend this game if you like mysteries and an enriched plotline!"
,Recommended,258520,18849595,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,%%,"An absolutely beautiful game, both visually and aurally.  This game takes you through quite a few puzzles that will keep you thinking even after they're solved.Hell, I've completed the game and I'm still thinking.- It says I have only 0.9 hours, but that was with the original copy of the game.  The developers released a ""Redux"" version that greatly improved everything (it wasn't bad at all to begin with!), and all of my hours are on that version."
,Recommended,258520,18931107,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,cekobidonq,"A very beautiful and atmospheric story driven exploration game. You can spend hours just looking for the perfect screenshot to use as your wallpaper. The story is quite interesting and the ending even more so. It runs even on my toaster, although framerate is not great. The puzzles are well designed and clever. If you are looking for a mistery game that's not very scary and you can beat in a couple of hours, I definitely recommend this."
76561198013865579,Recommended,258520,18921066,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,nilen435,I really liked this game. It had a great atmosphere and a great story. I like the puzzle game bits with the murders even though they were at some time quite easy. The horror part feel a bit strange and it came out of nowhere and did not feel like it belongs in with the rest of the game. It is a bit short and too expensive for original price. But at a discount it is recommended.
76561198051380092,Recommended,258520,18445323,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Hingle McCringleberry,Visually stunning and highly engaging. One of the best games I've played in a while!
76561198072973908,Recommended,258520,18451723,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kristen69,"It was impressive, a game who is not just a game it will give you emotions and feelings that no other game did. Also was the most beautifull landsape game I've ever seen. It is not very hard to complete BUT the balance between suspance, landscape and dificulty is perfect. Definitively a gem!"
76561197995319209,Recommended,258520,18434092,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,azeroterium,"Awesome experience, hope the VR version comes as one of top must-have for any set"
,Recommended,258520,18433405,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"The first thing you notice about this game is how outrageously pretty it is, especially for a game from a small independant developer based in Poland. It comes as two versions, an 'original' version which runs in Unreal Engine 3, and a 'Redux', which runs in UE4 and has various functional improvements, as well as graphical upgrades - although I couldn't spot them! I played the UE3 original version as I found it performed better on my machine.The awe-inspiring visuals also help create the incredibly dramatic atmosphere which keeps this narrative based game gripping throughout its roughly 4-hour story. The developer states from the outset that this game does not ""hold your hand"", and they aren't kidding, there are no restrictions, no clues, just the player and the environment. The background music is suitable eerie, and the dialogue is well written in such a way that gets the story across clearly.Speaking of the story, without giving too much away, this is one of those games with a moment of revelation, when a penny you didn't even realise was suspended, drops. Only one other game I can think of pulls off a plot twist quite as well as this, and that is the 'Would you kindly' revelation in the first Bioshock.My only complaint about this game is that it did have a tendency to crash on certain scenes, but the developers are active on the Steam forums, along with what seems like an enthusiastic community willing to help out where they can.Highly recommended if you want a short, very well produced thriller that will keep you thinking about it long after you finish it."
,Recommended,258520,18463778,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Frost,"spoiler alert, ethan carter vanishes"
,Recommended,258520,18455690,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Tesan,"Don't be fooled by my playtime, I simply didn't have an internet connection.So, thestoryis interesting and has somepuzzlesthatUSUALLYaren't too boring or agonizing. Thegraphicsare astonishing and the game runs pretty smooth.   People say that the story is very well made.... but I cannot say ""YES""; the dialogues aren't very realistic... too storyteller styled and exagerated at some points. (""Look grandpa! <activates the mecanism to [...]> So the sleeper was [...]! ..."" And so it continues in a way so the player really has to be very... slowminded to not understand what is going on)There's something in my way of experiencing the full beauty of this game: I am trapped in a puzzle where I have to hide from a malevolent being and seek corpses to open a portal.... I allways miss 1!! That's very agonizing.  I would still recommend the game because it's nice enough to buy and waste some time (once in a while) completing the game.Little tip: When you hear a strange name that isn't directly related to Nathan's family, note it down!"
76561198073480842,Recommended,258520,18524181,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mavis,"Wow what a beautiful game, id have vigorous *** with if i could"
76561197993332388,Recommended,258520,18350535,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Malice,"A litle bit of Alan Wake, a little bit of Gone Home, some breathtaking graphics and beautiful, musical score, and boom: The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.I seriously look forward to what the folks behind this game produce next!"
,Recommended,258520,18350102,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Maxo,Computer combusting simulator 2014
,Recommended,258520,18376717,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Beldera,"Not going to lie: I think this game is a *little* bit over rated. It is still, however, very very good, and had I gone in expecting less, I may have been more blown away.I could 100% it in 5 hours, and leisurely complete the main story in 4 - whether or not that is worth the full price is up to you. You do get both the original and the re-mastered version, and they are working on a VR implementation as well. Gameplay-wise, I'd descirbe it as walking simulator with a nice puzzle element to it, with very good atmospherically appropriate visuals, sound, storytelling, and music."
76561198049686230,Recommended,258520,18380668,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Danat,great sense of presence.
76561198025023871,Recommended,258520,18430293,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Yrth,"the piano score was one of the best, most fitting game tracks I've ever heard."
,Recommended,258520,18426373,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mike,"This review is for the Redux version.I stopped playing the normal version as soon as I realized that my two hours wandering around looking at the world, finding few quest objects, etc... were lost because the game did not save them. Fortunately the Redux version solves that, so go ahead :)It's definitely the most beautiful game I have ever seen, in 2560x1440 in max details, it's like walking around in a post card :)Discovering what has happened is intriguiging, I think it all works pretty well, except it relies a lot on things you don't necessarily noticed.Now, regarding the ""game does not hold your hand"", they could at least have explain the basics of how the control works, because the ""move the view around so the floating stuff converge up to the point you can then hold the mouse button to see something"" is not immediately obvious."
,Recommended,258520,18419815,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,TooMad,"The cure for paralysis by choice.  With too many games on my ""not tried"" list sometimes I end up playing nothing.  One of the most immersive and intuitive games I have ever played.  Which was start to finish in one day and money will spent.  A very concise and and complete tutorial as well."
76561198054735326,Recommended,258520,13790667,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sophie.ParadiseLost,"This is an amazing game. Not only are the graphics absolutely breathtaking, but the story stays with you for a long time after finishing. It leaves more questions than answers, and there is no clear interpretation of the ending. This is also a game with no tutorial, no how-to, no hand-holding. You have to discover everything yourself, and think everything yourself.. No part of the story is explained by the developers, you have to make your own mind up about what happened to Ethan Carter.What I also like about this game is that exploring never gets boring. The visuals are so stunning, you'll love running through the forest and finding secrets. I know I did, and it felt like the game was way too short. I would have loved to stay for a bit longer in this beautiful, mind-twisting adventure game.There is one part with jump-scares, which I hate. Especially because the jump scare at first seemed random - there wasn't an obvious reason it was there, it felt like it had been added ""just because"", to give the player a fright and stimulate the senses. It turned out, as with everything in this game, that the jump scare was there for a very specific, and important reason. Everything is. Nothing is in this game ""just because"".I also love how you can explore almost the entire region in just the order you want to. The chronology is up to you, for the most part. This makes you feel very free and ""real"", because thatøs what it would be like in the real world. No areas are closed off ""just because you need to complete this"". You can go almost anywhere, the story is up to you.All in all this is a very rare gem in the adventure genre, and if you love secrets and stories that stay with you and haunt your thoughts for a long time after playing, this is for you. I only bought it because I love adventure games and stunning graphics. I got a whole lot more than I expected.TLDR: buy this game, it's amazing. Don't rush through, but take time indulging and discovering and wondering."
,Recommended,258520,13791461,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spray N Pray,Nathan Drake Approves
76561197970356947,Recommended,258520,13792833,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[f4il]CoRoNa,Awesome game! Would walk again. 9/10
,Recommended,258520,13792858,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,YKA,"Great experience overall, I would describe it as a kind of ""Dear Esther"" with a few nice puzzles in it.+ great story+ great soundtrack+ great graphics and atmosphere- it feld a bit short, but maybe it wouldn't have worked out so well if it was longer...don't know"
,Recommended,258520,13750537,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"Overall good game. Creative story -- somewhat trippy. Great graphics and audio. Slightly overpriced for the amount of content. I wish there would have been more scenes/puzzles/whatever. Also, there's a big disparity between the amount of work required for some puzzles vs others."
,Recommended,258520,13752047,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SoulGate,"If there is ever a more atmospheric and detailed world, I haven't found it yet. Not even Crysis comes close to the visual fidelity this game gives. It's not just the visuals, but the way the world moves, the sounds it portrays, and the lighting it shines. It makes a complete package of serenity that very, VERY few games can give. The gameplay is one of typical walking simulators, where you walk and explore at your leasure, finding puzzles and solving them. Every puzzle is broken up into seperate areas, so you will have a good idea of where to explore to find something, and have an idea of when you've gone too far. Also, the way Paul's thoughts float up when you Inspect an item gives a pretty good idea of what to expect.Only drawbacks of this game I could think are a few puzzles are obtuse and pieces are pretty hidden. The characters themselves aren't up to the world's detail, but thankfully they aren't a focal point of the game.I highly recommend this game to everyone, especially if you have a decent rig to run the graphics maxed out. You won't go wrong."
76561198049092223,Recommended,258520,13752174,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rycyyn,"This is truely a surreal and emotionally devastating experience; not to mention one of the most gorgeous games ever made.  The game could best be described as a ""walking simulator"" all though that label belittles the accomplishments of the developers.Just a warning: when the game says it does not hold the players hand, they are not kidding.  There is no tutorial, and none of the game mechanics are explained.  It took me probably a good 30 minutes to really understand how the mechanics worked and what I should be doing.Beyond that, you will find a hauntingly beautiful world, a really cool detective story, and a punch in the guts payoff for all your due dillegence.Find Ethan Carter, your existence demands it."
,Recommended,258520,13754374,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheGrandCoquin,"Incredibly beautiful game. The autumn colours and the soundtrack turn it into a poetic moment.I also liked the twisted scenario but the ""Unfinished story"" achievement was frustrating and didn't add anything to the story."
76561198018962854,Recommended,258520,13673794,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,EShadow | Gamdom.com,An adventure that will keep you guessing till the end. Making you really thing about what is reality and what is imaginary.
76561197970288617,Recommended,258520,13746208,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sannyasi,"Short gameplay (4-5 hrs) But interesting game mechanics. Good story, and great visuals.I'd like to see more from this company."
,Recommended,258520,13748071,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jay Diva,"I bought this game on sale the instant I saw the trailer. Honestly, it's the best trailer I've seen in a while. As a general rule, I always like to check the reveiews to see how long on average a game will take. If everyone were to follow this rule, we wouldn't have to deal with the bellyaching about beautiful games like this or Gone Home which are on the shorter side. All in all, the main game takes about 3-5 hours. Overall it's a pretty linear game, but it still feels like you could get lost in the woods, never to return.The story is amazing, and won't reveal itself until the very end. Like all good entertainment, it leaves you wanting more, but doesn't feel lacking at all. It's a gorgeous and sad world stuck in the early evening on a breezy late summer day. The atmosphere is killer. Be warned there are some jump scares, but the real unsettling tension of the game comes from the storyline, and the pervading influence of the Unknown. My best comparison to the atmosphere/horror would be a detective noir Lovecraft story set during the day. If you like story-driven adventures, it's a must buy."
76561198053614796,Recommended,258520,13748299,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DarthFantastic,"Probably one of the most visually beautiful games I have ever experienced.  I think it is on par with somehting like Skyrim at high level graphics.  And the story/ plot  is interesting.  I was unnerved by some of what was going on.  The graphic quality and the passive violence in the game only spurred me to follow this mystery thriller to the end.But I think that the voice acting could be a bit more dramatized for what these characters are going through.  They sometimes sound as if they are sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee, rather than dealing with some kind of super natural force."
76561198023029699,Recommended,258520,13749227,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shay,"While this isn't a game for everyone, it certainly achieves its goal in an excellent way. Stunning graphics and immersive soundtrack with interesting gameplay, I'd highly recommend to anyone even remotely interested in story driven type games. The story is the star of this one and stays with you long after you've reached the end."
,Recommended,258520,13773981,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Unfathomable,"This is for those who enjoy slower-paced games like Myst or Dear Esther.Graphics-wise, this game is breathtakingly gorgeous. Every frame is worthy of a screen capture and the developers did an amazing job turning Red Creek Valley into a place that feels alive.The main characters of the story feel wooden, but everything else -- the side-stories, the environment, the music, the ambience -- make this a worthy purchase. There were a few moments where I was genuinely amazed, and the blending of reality and imagination is done flawlessly."
76561197999122269,Recommended,258520,13777670,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[smp] movax,"8.2/10.The good:Awesome graphics and colors, climatic music and sound effects, really scarry and unexpected moments. Nice puzlles, but sometimes a bit hard, when if you missed something. Games really rewards exploration, and just wandering around to find something. Both in clues, and puzzles to be solved before it game needs to tell you about them, etc. I really loved that the entire game is essentially one map, with some seamless loading in the background. Performance is perfect (i7 3930K, 6 core, 4GHz;  32GB RAM; AMD Radeon 7970 GHz edition). But sometimes there are performance drops, most notably during scene transitions (probably another part of map loading, and I was not using SSD for this game - that would be the reasons probably), these are just some tunels or roads, when things loads automatically. During actuall action zero framerate drops.I was using Polish voice track, and it is very good. Not sure about English one. And animation of characters is really good, but not absolutly perfect. It is very close to be extremally realistic.The bad: Rather hard to replay, unless you wait few years to forgot the story. A bit linear map, but well, at the end you should know why. Only few minor graphical/audio bugs (sudden reverb and volume changes when entering, leaving some areas like buildlings, etc; there are sometimes minor graphical glitches when replaying recunstructed scenese, but on the first play it works ok), non of which is annoying or hinders gameplay. And few very minor story / gameplay or level design holes. But nothing very serious.And bigest problem - length, I finished it in about 6 hours, and I know I made few mistakes, which made me waste 2 hours on some pointless things trying hard to solve something. If you are lucky, good at puzzles and know where to look it will probably take less than 4 hours. Walking slowly. :) Few more puzzles would to make this game maybe few hours longer and to make a map a bit more non-linear and bigger, would be awesome.Another bad: game doesn't give you any indication when the saveing is performed. There are no saves per se. There are just checkpoints, but you do not realy know where they are. They are just somewhere and are done automatically. That isn't perfect.Waiting for more from the studio in the same technology and style!"
76561198057238272,Recommended,258520,13778534,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,pavl,This is the prettiest game I ever had the honor of playing. It is extremely immersive and realistic. Runs like butter on my pc ... this game is  beautiful.
76561197989906616,Recommended,258520,13778907,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Steboost,A relaxed but intriguing detective game with a supernatural theme. One of the most visually beautiful games I've ever seen that will eat half your HDD with screenshots.
76561198083847144,Recommended,258520,13779672,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SHIFTYONE,"For three hours I was sitting here wondering ""What the **** am I doing!? This doesn't make any sense!!! And then the ending came. Then there was no more wondering. So yeah, stop reading reviews and get playin'. It's confusing at first, takes some time and I have to admit I got a little bored but the end is a pretty good pay off if you ask me.The graphics are absolutely beautiful as well."
,Recommended,258520,13779728,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AsatorPrime,An absolutely gorgeous game with a nice little story
76561198005332667,Recommended,258520,13783250,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,smurfydog,"So pretty.So very, very pretty."
,Recommended,258520,17224729,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,murmaeder,This game is amazing. lovecraftian/spirited away-ish/detective sluething/silent hill-ish ambient music/ puzzles.  and im not sure why it doesnt say controller support because my controller works fine.
76561198044902888,Recommended,258520,17229423,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Fangskin,"Truly an incredible game - an intriguing story, gorgeous graphics, and a very immersive soundtrack.And while the graphics and the music are award-worthy in and of themselves, the story is where this game really shines.You piece together the story of what happened in Red Creek bit by bit, through notes, stories, and the memories of the dead, and while the true meaning behind it all is hinted at, the ending is a real surprise, and a satisfying one, at that.The storytelling is smooth, keeping you interested in the fates of the Carter family up to the very end.Yes, it can be easy to miss some of the clues - backtracking is not only possible, but expected. And yes, the save system can be a nuisance. But these are very minor issues, and do not at all interfere with the telling of a truly memorable story.I can say without hesitation that this game deserves a solid 9.5/10. Well worth the price."
76561197960532969,Recommended,258520,17244262,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Personspeoples.,"Short but sweet.Using a minimalist approach The Vanishing of Ethan Carter can take off the numerous training wheels common in game design today such as nav beacons and HUD while still remaining brief and effective.  Good writing makes the story worth following and interesting to unravel.Mechanically it's closer to games like Myst or Robot City than Dear Esther for all its brevity because The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is actually a game like Robot City and Myst and not a pile of bad prose shoved down unwitting players' throats like Dear Esther.  The puzzle mechanics are straightforward and interesting, not rocket science but not condescending either.  The usual question at the heart of each one is 'how did these things come to be as they are now?' and it reinforces the thematic importance of imagination as escape from the quotidian.  What looks at first like an abandoned town turns out to be more, then more again.I was frankly amazed at how their techniques managed to yield such impressive results in the aging Unreal 3 engine.  There are very few moving objects in the game but the world as a whole is incredibly detailed in a deliberate fashion.  Art direction ties well into the macabre mechanics involved in reconstructing various characters' personal histories and the sense of a day frozen near magic hour is both visually stunning and a massively important plot point.  It really does feel like every piece of the game fits in a larger sense.The only mechanical gripe I have is the lack of manual saves.  I recommend switching to the Polish audio with English subtitles.  The voice actors just seem to deliver their lines with a more natural sense of conviction in Polish.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter won't resolve the 'length versus quality' debate but it does put a solid marker in the 'short but well done can be worthwhile' camp.Give it a look if you like first-person exploration-oriented puzzle games or just interesting experiments in design backed up by solid execution."
,Recommended,258520,17245144,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,YoPacoWantSumTaco,A unique game that everyone should experience.
76561197982950991,Recommended,258520,17527045,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Flashflood,truly amazing story
,Recommended,258520,17527359,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,BlitZz,"Great story and great soundtrack! The gameplay is awesome! It makes you just dive in to the story, the game makers make you feel you are in the game, exploring yourself. Some moments in the game are also breath taking if you just take the time to think about what happened. Great game! 9/10"
76561198050981307,Recommended,258520,17585231,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lup_Alb,Photorealism and you don't even need a high end graphics card to fully enjoy it Best graphics i've ever seen in a game without the use of a 600 $ graphic card.
76561197971627455,Recommended,258520,17587266,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,double_deuce,"Visually Amaaazing. Audio was nice too.  I'm not a huge fan a wandering and wondering what to do, It was fun exploring for a while but... I don't think I would have finished half the game without a guide. So keep one handy.The progress point saving is terrible. Had to make sure to have an hour or more to finish a chapter.Overall I would recommend it.  The story and the visuals are really worth it."
,Recommended,258520,17669371,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sainur Ironfist,10/10 would screenshot again.
,Recommended,258520,17677509,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hope Eater,I enjoyed the game because it was so beautiful and captivating. I took screen shots during the game. They look like artist renders of what the game should look like. The game is beautifully executed and the story keeps pulling you along when you spend too much time staring into the distance. I beat the game in one magical sitting and would probably do it again if I ever get amnesia.
,Recommended,258520,17794186,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,dis boi a flavor of the month,"Amazing game with brilliant graphics, was a ton of fun to play through. I like to think that I'm pretty good at solving puzzles myself, and have played/read Professor Layton, Sherlock Holmes, etc. for most of my life, but The Vanishing of Ethan Carter took being a detective in a game to a whole different level.A few quick things about the game, and then you can be on your way:-This is not an action game. There is no shooting, ducking behind cover while the building you just escaped explodes, or anything like that. It's more ambient and thought-provoking, making you think about how to solve /this/ puzzle, how /this/ from earlier might've tied into /this/ part, etc. (in fairness, there is 1 grenade in the game, but you don't throw it at anyone/thing)-Takes about 6-8 hourse of gameplay to beat the main story, assuming you look up the occasional guide for when you get stuck/confused (happens more often then you might think, trust me). Probably longer than that if you don't use any guides, but I wouldn't know.-One of the puzzles involves a cursed miner who wanders around an abandoned mineshaft. This part is reminiscent of those jump-scare games that famous youtubers play and MatPat does game theories about. If you're a wimp like me and don't like that kind of thing, it's fairly easy to just sprint through most of it and, using a guide, figure out the code you need to put in at the end of the puzzle. If not, you can just go for it. Or you can just go for it either way, don't let me tell you how to live your life.And that's pretty much all I have to say.TL;DR, it's an ambient mystery game, has a short-medium length story-line, and has one part that's kinda creepy (though I haven't played enough of that kind of game to judge very well).Anyway it's a great game, pulls you in very effectively, is lots of fun, and even has a plot-twist or two thrown in there as a bonus. Definitely worth the money."
76561198156914527,Recommended,258520,17768846,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,mkaram47,"Great story, soundtrack, graphics and gameplay"
76561198041915022,Recommended,258520,17773671,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Vee,"Beautifully crafted with really inspired and very well made puzzles, i mean REALLY well made.Other than that, story is lacking and the game is extremely short especially when you factor out all the walking which make up 70% of the time spent..."
,Recommended,258520,17802254,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Duion,"Very beautiful game and exciting story.Sadly it does not last very long, played through in 5 hours, but I would still recommend it, if you are fine with a short game."
76561198082692386,Recommended,258520,16574657,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,redrum,The chills. So many chills.UPDATE: Just finished the game. Incredible.
76561198076792151,Recommended,258520,16743533,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Aws5187,"So far, this game is pretty good. Stunning graphics, and I dig the ""mystery"". Will  update after I play more."
76561197972320635,Recommended,258520,16744333,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Reekie Breeks,"Initially I loved this game. It is possibly the most beautifully landscaped game I have ever played. I was mesmerised as I wandered aimlessly through the trees and rocks, and rocks and trees, and... therein was the beginning of my discontent. It is of course occasionally punctuated by the odd tram or house, but for me there is too much trudging up and down what feel like endless winding trails to the next set piece. Guys, would it have been so bad to have a walk toggle setting?""Our focus is on atmosphere, mood, and the essential humanity of our characters."" In many ways you succeeded, as many reviews here testify, but in doing so you have perhaps made the game a little too obscure and beyond the reach of a lot of gamers. Also some missleading and inconsistent leaders. For instance, when you first start out, there are some fairly obvious indications towards clues which lead you to suppose this is a common precident, and yet later in the game with some of the more important clues, they are not evident at all so you could easy miss them. Beware also of back tracking to look for possible missing clues, as picking up objects at previous save points seems to erase your progress. The developers state that it is an ""experience, in non-linear fashion"" and for the most part this is true, but you will encounter the invisible wall syndrome quite frequently. Jumping off bridges or swimming in the lake is definately a no-no, no matter how hard you try.A labour of love without doubt, and worthy of praise, but if you lack patience, stamina and a considerable attention span, you could find yourself developing a thousand yard stare."
76561198024307422,Recommended,258520,16748092,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Blazerella9,I really enjoyed this game. Only complaint is that it's pretty short. Beat it in less than 6 hours. Beautiful scenery and great story! Definitely would recommend it.
,Recommended,258520,16752821,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dan Halen,"Loved the feel of the game and the story.   The graphics are also very impressive.The game is divided into 10 stories that can be completed in any order, but that won't be obvious until you've completed the game.   The only other problem I had is that by the time I realized how the game worked, I had already run past 3 other stories.I felt miserable by the end, but I'd recommend."
76561198052501492,Recommended,258520,16681730,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Karendrae,"The worst part about this 'Interactive Story'  is that it ends D: (Coming from someone who likes Murder Mysteries, horror, and detective work). I'm serious about the interactive story and not so much a game part.Includes:* Subtle Horror/Hamlet machine, woot!* The visuals are breathtaking* Excellent music to put you in the mood* The storyline is interesting and engagingThis game is great for someone who:* Must find every last thing in an area before they'll even think of moving on* Doesn't mind subtle horror* Plays games like: Sherlock Holmes, The Room, Murdered:Soul Suspect, Bioshock--This game is Sherlock Holmes without the feel goodies--The Room if it were a giant interactive space instead of a direct puzzle--Murdered: Soul Suspect with more blood, and less chitchatting--Bioshock without the gunsThis game will suck for people who:* Like structured games that push the player along OR like games they can completely roam free. This lands in the middle.* Dislikes cutscenes* Finds searching around for clues adamantly annoying* Have severe motion sickness (Yes, you can get sick from this game)"
,Recommended,258520,12359371,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rasty,"Damn. This game is Beautiful. And I mean Beautiful with a capital B: the environments are incredible and it would be worth recommending even just for the experience of exlporing.Luckily the game is also fun and the story is good. It gives a good sense of progress and is long enough (or ""not-to-long enough"") to avoid being repetitive.Be sure to grab the basic game mechanics from the start.Recommended."
76561198038066144,Recommended,258520,18187130,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hoovesforhands,"Wonderful, as I get older I enjoy a calmer more cerebral experience. This is it."
76561198084741872,Recommended,258520,16631287,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Riffraff,"Excellent environment, very good story telling but a little short."
,Recommended,258520,16633239,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BrineRender,"I suppose I don't need to mention it since pretty much every review does, but even in the first few moments, tVoEC boasts some absolutely stunning visuals, but more, it creates a great sense of environment. I have to admit, I was a little lost to start, as the game makes a point of telling you, it's not going to hold your hand- it's up to you to explore and figure out the mechanics of the game on your own. If you don't know the general gist of things, it can be very easy to miss sections and puzzles. As I first went into the game, I blew past two early puzzles, unsure if I should be keeping to the path or exploring around- and make no mistake, if you're going to play through this game, it's the latter. Take your time to explore and experiment with the environment, find the finer details and think things through and piece by piece you'll find a mystery that's both rich- and creepy."
76561197980770487,Recommended,258520,16634033,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Trinis,"This game was one of the more enjoyable and relaxing experiences I've had in gaming in a while. The scenery, music and pacing were perfect, and created an immersive interactive story.  The stories were short and enjoyable.The whole game is pretty quick, but purchased on sale it was worth the money."
,Recommended,258520,16644539,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vayaka,Awsome game!!!
,Recommended,258520,16645676,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Butcher of Blaviken,"It's a game where you wanna play slowly, and stop by occassionally to have a look at the scenery in order to enjoy this experience to the fullest. It took me around 7 hours to finish this game. Since I explored every nook and cranny, your mileage may vary. Even if you find the game to be too short, the eye-candy more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,258520,16666268,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kels,"This game is absolutely stunning. The scenery is so beautiful, it's near realistic, and the story telling is so immersive, it keeps you gripped. But here's the thing:I found that without a guide, it's very nearly impossible to correctly finish this game. Even with a game, I sometimes found myself getting lost. I feel that if I didnt use th guide, my gameplay would easily be ten hours, not five.This game is gripping, and mysterious, and tragic, and sometimes even scary. As other users have already commented, this game is very short, if you dont get lost a lot like I did, so I would recommend picking this up on sale, instead of playing full price."
76561197966894064,Recommended,258520,16676173,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,.Rocket Surgery.,A stunningly beautiful game. Probably a little too easy and a little too short - mainly because you want an excuse to spend more time walking around exploring the amazingly detailed and realistic world - and the game is just so polished and fresh. Not being able to save mid-puzzle means you have to invest a certain amount of time per puzzle to proceed through the story. The story and world made the game incredibly immersive. More than once I just stood around looking at a vista (with my phone out showing YouTube how sexy this game is...). Worth $5-10.
,Recommended,258520,16678964,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Wrath,"Beautiful, highly recommended"
,Recommended,258520,16711141,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,D-Matrix,"Short but sweet, one of the best adventure games I've played since Riven. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a well designed beautiful game, both graphically and story wise."
76561198060312806,Recommended,258520,16713179,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,jonathanbhunter,"I'm about halfway through this game, and I'm truly entranced by the beauty of it.  The graphics and music combine to create an atmosphere at times idyllic, and at times foreboding.  I haven't seen any jump scares yet (good!) but my mind is often convinced that there is someone (or something) lurking in the woods.  While the save system as it is can be slightly annoying, it is certainly not that much of a stumbling block.  With the game developers promising to improve this in the near future, the only drawback to the game witll be removed.  Highly recommended."
76561197986406556,Recommended,258520,16713786,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Running Wild,"Short but brilliant, beautiful set and setting combined with very well done voice acting and really well composed soundtrack (very relaxing I may add), makes this title definitely a gem among mystery puzzle games. I was emerged in the universe from the very first puzzle, which isn't really hard, none of them are, but it sets the tone.Game warns you that it won't hold your hand and it does it very well, you get no map, no quest log, no checkpoints just your memory and if that fails you, well get some pen and paper! You will need it!A story worthy of Edgar Allan Poe and H. P. Lovecraft."
76561198051695229,Recommended,258520,16714866,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Versella,"Overall, this game was excellent. The graphics alone are breathtaking -- I spent at least an hour simply wandering around and enjoying the view. As far as the story goes, I admit it was a little slow in the middle where there seemed to be a lull in progression, but pushing through to the end was well worth it. This is one of those games that will stay with you long after you complete it (get ready for the feels train).Pros:>B-e-a-utiful>Strong story beginning and end; heartbreaking (in the best way possible)>[Almost] no jump scares, just ominous and creepy without utilizing cheap methodsCons:>Too short (I finished in well under 10 hours) – honestly, this is my main complaint>Can't jump (might not seem like a big deal, but I personally hate feeling tethered)>Autosaves ONLY; exiting out between major story reveals is a pain since all progress will be lostIf you're into puzzle and mystery/ thriller games, I would definitely recommend giving this game a chance."
,Recommended,258520,16718567,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Swizard,"Interesting story, good music, and good scenery, sadly it has some very poor backtracking moments, unless you do everything exactly right the first time. It's finishable in 4 hours, if it wasn't for all the backtracking, one could probably finish it in about 2 - 3 hours. I would give this a 7/10"
76561198042718760,Recommended,258520,16719274,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BlueShogun,The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter is a beautiful but very limited game.Pros:Amazing graphics at full tilt.Beautiful music.Intriguing story.Good voice acting.Great atmosphere.Cons:Short at only 4hrs for me.Essentially a walking simulator.Puzzles are pretty simple.Despite the games limited scope I am still very happy to have played it through to the end and can thus recommend the story alone being worth the price.
,Recommended,258520,16706356,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RoninRa,"Perfect blend between a murder mystery and lovecraftian horror. Loved the game and really loved the location in the game, Red Creek Valley. It felt as real as Bright Falls did in Alan Wake."
76561198062804008,Recommended,258520,16707871,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Finian,"Never has a game messed with my mind in the way this one did. At the very beginning, you have no idea where to go and how do it. Nevertheless, the game captivated me with its illustrious graphics and suspensful gameplay.The story is simplistic with a side of wtf, in a good way. It left me to this day, contemplating life as we know it.Indie games never excite me, especially ones where you just walk around, but this one goes down in my all time favorites."
,Recommended,258520,16711007,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Digital_Raven,"A fantastic, story driven game that has you assume the role of an Investigator in an attempt to unravel not only what happened to the games namesake, but his whole family as well.+The game is a visually just amazing. Very realistic environments that draw you into the game effortlessly.+The soundtrack fits the game. Each piece of music is appropriate to its environment, and serves to further draw you into the game as opposed to distracting you from it.The only realy drawback for me was the lack of a save feature...you are entirely dependant on the autosave. It's not enough to make me not sing the praises of this game, but more something to be aware of.I highly recommened giving this game a go. You won't be disappointed."
76561198052167107,Recommended,258520,16605948,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,gameelder,"Summary:Basic run-through of the game takes about 3 hours and it is very linear (ie. no side quests and limited exploration).  A very creative and beautiful murder mystery story.Details:This is one of the most creative and imaginative game's I've ever had the pleasure of playing!  The mechanics are extremely well designed, the story is engaging, and the environment is beautiful and immersive.  While it is a relatively short game (~3hrs) I imagine many people would play it multiple times to enjoy the puzzles and scenery.  I truly hope many more games are made using this same engine.It should be said, however, that if you are expecting anything more than a well told interactive murder mystery story you will be disappointed.  There is no open-endedness to the game and it is extremely linear."
76561198015581347,Recommended,258520,16512860,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,jimmycraw,"Great game, was quick to finish if you stay on the paths, but I had fun exploring the world.  Still not certain why I found a random gernade haha.  The small touches they added to the game such as a more walked path versus a worn path.  Or how it becomes night when you are solving the murders chronologiclly. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys simple puzzles and a great story."
76561198064779053,Recommended,258520,16513732,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tuff the Skypunter,"Just finished my first playthrough, and all I can say is ""wow"".  I haven't had such a moving experience in a game in a very long time.  I think that's how I'll describe this game, it's an experience, a powerful one.  The story kept me intrigued all the way up to the very end and brought up so many emotions throughout.  I'm sad that it's over, but glad to have experienced it.  The world in this experience is beyond gorgeous, and that really helps you become so immersed in it.  I found myself stopping quite frequently just to enjoy the scenery and amazing views that come along with it.  You have to unfold the story yourself, with nothing to guide you along, it's really up to how patient and attentive you can be, and you must be willing to explore the landscape if you want to make any progress.  If you're looking for something with beautiful scenery, a mystery to solve, and a gripping storyline, then hit the ""add to cart"" button right now, because The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an experience that should not be missed.  Thank you, The Astronauts, you've made a gem of a game."
,Recommended,258520,16514856,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kolosoff,"Amazing game, trully unique experience in the modern game industry. Brings back to the roots of quest games of the nineties-earliest two thousands packed with plot-twisting story and immersive graphics of the new generation hardware and software."
,Recommended,258520,16606326,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PYRA,"Loved it,it kept me sucked in till i beat it 6 hrs later (with breaks inbetween) Im only disapointed theres not a continuation with diffrent murders to solve just the Eathan Carter one (yes i know its the name of the game) but for spending real money it should be a lengthy game like Riven ect,people enjoyed the short process of the game but id like to come back daily and continue getting sucked in with the puzzles and crimes to solve,you can make it long i suppose but thats a individual choice,Not mine LOL,But i do give it a 9/10 for the visuals,music,and the entertainent it gave myself,storyline and graphics.Please add more,for the real money i wanna play longer than a day :)"
76561197995563928,Recommended,258520,16608716,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nikola_Kovac,"I'm giving this game a positive review for two simple reasons:1st it kept me playing2nd it was cheap.However it is VERY short and simple. it says in the begining it does not hold your hand supposedly leaving you with an open world but actualy it is VERY linear and VERY simple, there are no sidequests that keep you at the edge of your seat. Puzzles are very simple and are based on visitig a certain place and clicking. Considering the graphics and soud which are both very good, screenshots and videos from game I expected a really detailed, long and intelligent game how ever I got resource hungry nice looking super simple game of walking around not doing very much, compared to other games, lets say RPGs this ""adventure"" is thin and shallow only scraping more interesting Lovecraftian themes and motiffs more as a marketing trick then really capitalising on them."
,Recommended,258520,16612945,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cynomys,"Fantastic graphics, fantastic vibe to the game, fantasitc story. The music and narration is something to experience.10/10"
,Recommended,258520,16613673,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,m.one,"A beautiful adventure game in the paranormal-mistery genre with some lovecraftian notes that nevertheless winds up with an ending you might not expect, in a compact & well-paced package."
,Recommended,258520,16615604,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Misaki,"Indeed a suberb Game, with both Story and Graphics goes over 9000.and this game just make me feel like I was there, walking, and snooping arround, say it got 10 marks on Experience. but sadly, this game was too short, everything ends with an unexpected end mark...... I say there should be more story like this, make it a Saga or a series.Long thing short, if you're looking for a story or a literature, 100% must buy game, if you're looking for some Ghost hunt action game, try something else"
,Recommended,258520,16492617,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Huma_Carrion_Eater,"This game is amazing. Had some very cool rare elements, ways of solving mysteries, etc. Thought the ending was a bit stereotypical in a couple of ways, but ultimately the main elements fit with what had come before (and I was guessing it would be sort of similar to what actually happened). Preferred this greatly to Amnesia, which it reminded me of. On the website the team says they were aiming for ""clammy unease"" and I have to say, they nailed it, especially if you happen to live in the PNW. Atmosphere beautiful, investigative elements excellent. Highly recommended."
76561198002243576,Recommended,258520,16499461,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Manthraxx[DK] (RumGevir),"Charming game, though relative short. It's a facinating story."
,Recommended,258520,13716783,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Arkimre,"I wish it lasted more than 6-7 hours. Great story, beautiful game world, highly recommended if you can accept that it's such a short ride."
,Recommended,258520,13958013,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,JCC87,Excellent!
76561198064527406,Recommended,258520,14072271,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TeeLight,"This isn't a very long game by any means. It's a very good game though and in the long run that's what is important. Everything in the game comes together into a very enjoyable story. Along with that the environment is amazing. I would say this game is what Betrayer wanted to be. Everywhere I looked there was some new thing that just looked great. The character models were lame, but the environment was just so very good. If nothing else this is a good game to show off to your friends. If you watched the preview and thought that the game looked interesting this game is definitely worth a buy. If you want to make videos of pretty games running on your computer this one is worth a buy. If you're looking for something that includes any kind of shooting mechanics or twitch game play you should probably look elsewhere."
76561198069338482,Recommended,258520,14072771,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Wezaap,"+Breathtaking graphics ++++Interesting puzzles +++Interesting storyline ++The way that the game lets players solve everything themselves +-Rather short game --Not much replay value (Except for seeing the graphics again) --In some puzzles I needed to look up some details because items were not where they were supposed to be apparently --Hard to find location, mine entrance. Didn't get any hints on the whereabouts of it (SPOILER ALERT: It was between some rocks that seemed to blend with the nature around them, wouldn't have ever know to look there without looking it up) --8/10 = I would definitely recommend it for the graphics and peaceful gameplay, not so much if you are looking for a game that you can play for long."
76561198008366600,Recommended,258520,13112305,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Svartvadet,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a wonderful game with a well written story and a suprising end, however once you have played it through there's nothing that makes you want to play it again. It's a one time game and it's a rather short experience. You can finish the game in about 5 hours with no need to stress it through. So you should think about if it's worth paying a full price for such a game, I waited until there was a Steam sale for it.One small irritating thing was the autosave. There is no manual save and it autosaves once you've completed a ""task"", or story. All the other stories that you haven't completed to 100% will be reseted. When you reload you start where you last autosaved which was at the last story, not where you stood when exiting the game.The graphic is really awesome realistic made. Rarely have I seen such beautful made graphic, really an eye-candy! That togheter with a good ambient sound enviroment made it feel like I was really there. The performance was great, almost no stuttering or fps dips. With an Intel i5 cpu, Geforce GTX 660 and 8 gb ram I could play on almost max settings at 1920x1080 resolution.So to summarize it then.Positive:+ Great well written story in abit spooky enviroment.+ Awesome graphic and ambient sound. Runs well without problems.+ Fitting soundtrack.+ No bugs, no ctd. Stable.Negative:+ Very short story and there's no meaning to replay it really.+ Not worth to pay full price considering above statement. Wait for a Steam sale to get it.+ No manual savegame mode availible."
,Recommended,258520,13114232,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,R3kk0s,This is an outstanding atmospheric and beautiful game from beginning to end. The story is great and intriguing.
76561198048169127,Recommended,258520,13117171,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,raptorgta,Thought this game would play like Alan Wake but with less shooting. Got to say the games atmosphere is one of the best I have ever played. Could not leave my seat till I beat this game. Voice over work was great and music was just perfect. Graphics an art style was the best Ive seen in a game for a long time. The game is flat out beautiful and some great puzzles.As many have said before the game is quite short...beat it in 3 hours.  Which really sucks because I wanted to stay in the world and explore more. Very happy with the game.
,Recommended,258520,13100639,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,We do it,The best looking walk around and look at things game since Dear Esther.
76561198054023535,Recommended,258520,13133544,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"The pros of this game - The game is beautiful, great storyline, very intuitive, reshapes and resets the standard of what a great adventure/ puzzle games should be, overall nice music and atmosheric/ ambiance, has a very open world feel to the explorable landscape, and the game is very memberable.The cons - The game doesn't last too long even when taking your time exploring and not rushing (I finished in about 8 hours tops).  There are about 2 specific continuity issues in the game (that involve what you need to do next) that are not intuitive to figure out (You'll have to Youtube it and you'll know when you can't go anyfurther, and it doesn't make to much sense when you solve the problem(s).Over all - IT IS AN EXCELLENT GAME!!!  If you can get it on sale like I did for around $10 it's an absolute steal. ^5"
76561198112464101,Recommended,258520,13133810,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TaeTae,"5 Stars.......Great game, sucks you in from the moment you start.....Beat it in 3 days (not playing straight thru of course).Loved it, currently looking for similiar games now.  Great job!!!!Any suggestions for good games..i love the horror genre and this is the first game i have played that wasnt horror but was very intriuging all the same!  Definitely recommend it."
76561198162885140,Recommended,258520,13134451,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SyberWulph,"One of the most beautifully immersive, and uniquely satisfying experiences I have ever had playing a game. Edgy, mysterious, and very creative in its narrative fiction."
76561198054053749,Recommended,258520,13135401,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Proto,"Wow, just wow...Fantastic story, great music, beautiful environmental/level design, and a puzzle mechanic that really works with the story and doesn't just feel tacked on. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the most poetic games I have played to date. Here's hoping Astronauts continues to make such high level products."
,Recommended,258520,13136185,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Blooey,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter sets a new precedent for storytelling in videogames. There's no question that this game's narrative is miles ahead of anything we've seen recently from the game industry as a whole. It's terrifically paced, the voice acting is superb, and the visuals...oh my goodness. You will be floored.When I initially set out to play this game, I planned  to record my playthrough and upload it to Youtube (with commentary).The thing is...once everything came together (the story, the atmosphere, sound design, visuals), I could barely form a sentence anymore.I was HUMBLED into SILENCE.How many games can claim to have had that effect on anyone?There's something infinitely special about The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and it might not be evident in the first 30 minutes, or even the first hour of gameplay, depending on how soon you clue in to how the game works.Don't get me wrong, the game isn't difficult, but it's definitely cryptic.There's no tutorial or ""hand-holding"" at all. It's entirely up to the player to figure out the different ways that the 'sensing' ability works. I guess it adds to the sense of discovery, but I would've appreciated a little guidance from the start, since I ended up missing some not-so-obvious puzzles that I had to backtrack to later.Once everything clicks though, you're in for one hell of an experience. The game does a fantastic job of keeping you guessing. There will be moments when you think you've got the story figured out, but all of a sudden, the game throws you a curveball, and flips your perception of the narrative on its head. It never feels cheap though, and everything that didn't make sense to you at first, is eventually cleared up in the game's jaw-dropping conclusion.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is undoubtedly one of the finest stories that's ever been told in a videogame, and it's got great pacing, striking visuals, and an excellent soundtrack to boot.If you're at all interested in story-driven adventure games, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an essential play. The game is undeniably short, but those few hours you spend with it will leave a lasting impression. All in all, it's a journey that's WELL worth your time.9.5/10"
76561198165121926,Recommended,258520,13138637,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Fade McNown,"This is a pretty straightforward atmospheric title that doesn't require too much skill to advance the story.  A video game version of an afternoon read.  Enjoyable but not stressful, with a few unexpected surprises.  An equivalent entertainment substitute to a movie rental.  Would like to see the developers use this experience to attempt a deeper game and storyline.Pros:Well designed environment/atmosphereUnexpected surprisesPuzzles do not frusterateCons:Underdeveloped/shallow storyGame length a bit short (Completed in 4 hours)Character animations unconvincing"
,Recommended,258520,13138658,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,6S.Manu,"Amazing graphics, very good music, well written story, easy enigmas.It's not really long (finished in 5 hours) but I liked it."
76561197968103913,Recommended,258520,13150116,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,funk,"Very atmospheric dective game.  Good story, great graphics.  Probably 4-5 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,258520,13150341,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arcade Fiction,Great game. Short but well worth the money. If you prefer quality over quantity (and enjoy refences to H.P. Lovecraft) you should buy this.
,Recommended,258520,13150484,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,elefterian,"Beautiful picture and music, amazing experience. You should play and feel the same :-)"
76561197984305500,Recommended,258520,13155116,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,herurubin,"be patient, cheat a few times as some of the puzzles are obtuse"
76561198006265186,Recommended,258520,13155959,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,romulous,"The game is a (very short) walking simulator. Unlike other walking simulators (Dear Esther for example), it does have a number of puzzles to solve in order to get to the ending. The game is visually stunning, and the audio is good as well. The way the puzzles are presented and the method you have to use to solve them is quite innovative. The only thing I didn't like wasthe slenderman clone in the mine level- it just doesn't fit in with the rest of the game. Still, despite that small hiccup, highly recommended to anyone looking for something different. One of the gaming review websites called it the next step in the evolution of the walking simulator - I totally agree."
,Recommended,258520,13032721,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Talyarin,"This game is simply beautiful.The story's quite nice, haven't really heard a version of this story told like this. The scenery's gorgeous, I've taken many screenshots only to use as backgrounds, it's just breathtaking. The music's also very well composed; very fitting for a game like this. It all adds to an amazing couple of hours."
76561198067088392,Recommended,258520,13035482,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nick Crompton,Want to see graphics that will make u gizz?  this game.
,Recommended,258520,13009145,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Packet_Theta,"Short, sweet, and altogether rather swell."
,Recommended,258520,13097587,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,jab,"An absolutely fantastic game full of hatinging atmosphere and beauty. Some spotty voice acting aside (excluding the protagonist) the story is interesting and makes me feel like I'm reading one of the better Lovecraft stories. The detective/investigation mechanic is interesting, too. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,258520,16369802,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ehraiha,If you want a short mystery experience with an amazing and fufilling story then this game is for you
76561198040330534,Recommended,258520,16369941,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,mdv1992,"It's a very well made game, the music compliments the game's atmosphere as well, and the suspense is non-stop. The story is catching and encourages you to explore all of Red Valley Creek ( the fictional town in the game) to solve the case. If you're a fan of puzzle-solving games like Myst then this game is for you."
,Recommended,258520,16370008,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ApacheMaster,Visually stunning.A breathe of fresh air.Well worth the money.
76561198072095429,Recommended,258520,16372250,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NervXT,"While this game is on the short side, there is an amazing story to be told and experience like no other game has been able to.  From the outset, you are given complete freedom to explore and investigate as you see fit; no set paths and no linear storytelling allows this game to come together organically.  This comes as a great reward as the world of Ethan Carter is beautifully detailed and amazingly executed on both an artistic and technical scale.  The soundtrack which accents the various regions and moods the game sets is also equally beautiful and haunting and doesn't distract you from the experience.The puzzles presented in the game are a bit (for me at least) on the simple side but don't let that be a deterrent for what is otherwise a great narrative piece.  I really enjoyed the parts where you have to piece together a scene sequentially from a collective of smaller scenes that gives you more perspective into the very strange world you are investigating.  Part of what made this game truly amazing is that you can't really anticipate what you'll discover next and what you usually discover is bizarre and often fascinating.When the credits finally rolled, it made me stop and think about all that I had experienced and allowed me to come to my own conclusions on the events that took place.  I should further elaborate that it's not a cop out on the story to leave you having questions and drawing conclusions after the credits; it's simply part of the narrative structure.  The ending is satisfying and gives you a brand new perspective on the world it created.  It gives me great incentive to explore the world again, geared with new knowledge and perspective. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this title and would highly recommend it for anyone curious about it."
76561198069611372,Recommended,258520,16375162,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bondsmx,"cool game... good looking, cool story...   i really enjoyed this..  my only gripe would be the amount of content for the price..  i know quality cost, but still.  I think it says i played 4 hours, and of that, id say two hours was actual playing.   For the $20 price tag, thats not worth it..  I got it on the summer sale for $10, and id say, its up to you at that point..Im still giving a thumbs up for it being a solid game, but if you can find it for $5, id say go for it at that point..overall game, 9/10... for the price 8/10...would chase spaceman again"
76561198052184118,Recommended,258520,16395605,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Snooky,"Very enjoyable. I would love to see more similar stories. Kept me guessing. It took me a bit to learn what the controls/story wanted me to do, but once I did, I just wanted more."
,Recommended,258520,16396406,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rob,brilliant.
76561198019564457,Recommended,258520,16396510,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Akumos,"Wow! I haven't been that scared in a long time. The creepy music and sudden loud noises really make you jump. The environment, coupled with the music, gives you contant goosebumps as you explore and progress. Great game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,258520,16396895,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Angrybit,"Incredible atmosphere and a beautiful environment.  There are enough puzzles mixed in to keep things interesting, but really this is an interactive movie.  And on that front, it delivers in a big way.  A quick play, but well worth it."
,Recommended,258520,16401212,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Luke Rising,"""This game does not hold your hand""You sure right it doesn’t I'd say that at least half of the puzzles is solved but finding an item in a difficult to look place. The Game will give you hints on what to look for but not where, Its the only problem with the game.The sheer immersive setting is worth the ticket price.Oh and the ""Miner"" puzzle, I’m sending the developers an invoice for new underwear."
,Recommended,258520,16402102,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kilpanic,Beautiful first-person puzzle game. Not that hard but I liked the melancholy atmospherics. Similar to Alan Wake without the action bits.
76561198054569427,Recommended,258520,16403680,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,moorea5551,"Good game.  Wouldn't call it open world necessarily, but the story telling was strong and the visuals were fantastic.  Overall, a good way to spend a few hours."
,Recommended,258520,13487233,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,thuathai,"WHile this is not a review, I'm still writing to urge you to buy this game at the current sales price. When the game came out I wrote that while the original price seems to be high for a game of short length, anything closer to $10 will make it a must-buy. I never regretted paying full price and consider the ""extra"" $10 as an incentive for the developers to bring us a new game of the same quality and polish but with more length, replayability and interactivity.That said, if you enjoy a good story, beautiful visuals, a relatively open but smallish world, don't hesitate, buy this now while the price is down."
,Recommended,258520,16405098,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chief Smokahontas,"I wasn't sure what I expected but I tell you what when I played this game everything that happened I wasn't expecting. Such a sad story, but with beauty in it and lesson we can all learn from. The atmosphere was of course outstanding. It was hard to not take a screenshot every 20 seconds.The ending had me in shock and also so very depressed. I loved the mystery, puzzles, and horror in this game. Everything was just enough without going over the top or not delivering enough. I didn't want this game to end. Well done."
76561198027029456,Recommended,258520,16405334,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,❄CyberEzo01®,awsome game . uniqe . can't wait for oculus rift support
76561198110471515,Recommended,258520,16384715,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DepressedKirby,"Lovely game, very atmospheric and a gorgeous soundrtack. Pretty short but intense, creepy sometimes. You'll smash the F12 key taking shots because, honestly, there are places in the game look like wallpapers."
76561198018193218,Recommended,258520,16405917,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sticky Honeybuns,"This game is better than 90 percent of my AAA titles and I have over 300 games in my steam account alone.  Great visuals, great story, and a very compelling atmosphere.  Doesn't hold your hand and allows you to figure out what to do, although I was a bit confused at certain times the ending explained everything.  Don't pass this up during the steam sale or anytime for that matter."
,Recommended,258520,16406662,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,$had0w,"I got scared by a tree branch.10/10No seriously. As of me writing this I've only played a half hour but I enjoyed every moment. The graphics are some of the best I've ever seen. My only complaint was the fact that the game didn't want to work in nvidia surround. I've heard there are fixes, but I couldn't get it to work. In terms of gameplay, its good. You walk around with standard controls that you could easily guess (no incredibly stupid controls that made me facepalm). The game just seemed very... I don't know. I wan't to say creepy but at the same time I don't. You just kind of get an eerie feeling while playing. It is extremely atmospheric, which is why surround not working was a shame. The soundtrack is amazing - it's half the reason I got scared by the tree branch.This game's optimization for the PC is outstanding. I ran the game at 1600x900 (cause 4800x900 just made my other 2 monitors black) with the settings all on high at 2x MSAA. It ran at anywhere from 70-100 frames per second. Amazing. One of the best looking games I've ever seen too. I wish all games ran and looked this well.If you are looking to pick this up, go for it. If you are a fan of horror, mystery, and detective games, this is well worth the $20. If you are used to action titles such as Call of Duty or Battlefield (as I am) I would say wait for a sale to pick it up. Either way its a great game, one that makes me want either better amd eyefinity/nvidia surround support or to buy an oculus rift. Thats how immersive it is. 10/10"
,Recommended,258520,16406990,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Xilador,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THIS GAME GOOD LOOKING. FORGET ALL YOU KNOW, THIS GAME IS AS REALISTIC AS THEY GET. THE STORYLINE TOO IS COMPARABLE TO A SMALL NOVEL WITH AN AMAZING STORY. LIKE IF THIS WAS A BOOK IT WOULD BE AS POPULAR AS HARRY POTTER (close if not the same) 10/10 would get a uncharacteristic jumpscare again."
,Recommended,258520,16407390,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dave Voyles,"I bought it this weekend during the Steam Summer Sale, and realized which development team had worked on it -- small studio out of Poland.The visuals in this game are nothing short of amazing. I looked up ""the making of"" online, and came across their blog:http://www.theastronauts.com/2014/03/visual-revolution-vanishing-ethan-carter/It's staggering to see how far tools have come in recent years. It was an Unreal Engine 3 game, and I never would have guessed. Like they are porting it to UE4 for the PS4 port.The photography tool they are using is incredible, too. It does a lot of the work for you, in terms of greating models, but you still need to stich it all together.Blows my mind what mall teams are capable of today. I can't begin to imagine what we'll have in 10 years."
,Recommended,258520,16882824,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Breville Mc Sandwich,Absolutely incredible. Reminded of the type of puzzle games i liked to play when i was younger. Visually Stunning and a well woven story
,Recommended,258520,16886684,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Your Lord and Savior,"Featuring one of the best OST's of all time (which makes the Collectors Edition worth it. A lot.) and an awesome story with a more or less sad and unexpected ending the vanishing of ethan carter is probably one of my favorite games of all time. It is relativley short (4 hours on my first playthrough [not on steam, GOG]) but this shortness makes the game feel small, as if you were actually in red creek valley exploring and discovering these murders and stories. Easily GOTY, i'd say it's a MUST buy and the collectors edition is actually worth it! 9.6/10 is my personal score."
,Recommended,258520,16887686,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Corkin,<3
76561198049363959,Recommended,258520,16887931,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,niten57,Very nice story. I'm not very good at these so what is suppose to be a 4 hr game turned into a 10 hr game. The puzzles are not that hard but finding them is. I walked past the first three puzzles without even knowing it. All in all I found it woth the time and money.
,Recommended,258520,16888435,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,</Path>,"I liked this game a great deal. It has excellent atmosphere, both in its visuals and its audio.I'll admit it suffers from some ""adventure game logic"" syndrome, but was still a treat. With a setting this gorgeous and such atmospheric music, I didn't mind standing around scratching my head when required.It is very short though, so don't rush through it... just find out what happened."
,Recommended,258520,16396710,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Coronel Cruz,One of my favorites games of all time. Definely worth.
,Recommended,258520,17468646,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,alximik,"Stunning image and sound (including music), though was little uncomfortable for me that there's noe any help in the game. You don't know what to do in the beginning, though it's not a weakness of the game, it helps to get deeper into the story.Couldn't get away until the game ended."
,Recommended,258520,17469367,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,KaePhoenix,"Graphics and soundtrack are amazing. Gameplay is alright. Puzzles are straightforward, not too hard. 5-6 hours of content. It's a bit pricey since there isn't any replay value, but a good game to get on sale."
,Recommended,258520,17472453,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,DionysusThyrsus,"I'm about two-thirds of the way through, and firstly, this is one of _the most_ beautiful and atmopsheric games I've experienced. The game doesn't ""hold your hand"" and I did a lot of wandering around aimlessly trying to figure out what to do next, but I eventually got the hang of it. Normally I would be irritated by this, but the surroundings are so well crafted I could forgive it's obtuse clues. The first half of the game I knew I was progressing, but I was so confused as to what was going on, I was a bit lost. Once I got to the part where they show a map on the wall, and you could warp over to parts of the game you didn't complete, I began to see the ""whole story"". I wish there were more games done in this style, it takes some getting used to, but they journey is well worth it."
,Recommended,258520,17406054,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ebees,"[Spoiler alert]Imagine a more graphically elaborate Falkrreath Hold (or imagine the map of DayZ without other players) with a single 'dungeon.'  Now, imagine that dungeon is filled not with bandits and bears, but with Slenderman as a zombie miner.  I only mention this because I scare easily and HAD NO IDEA WHAT I WAS LITERALLY RUNNING INTO.  It's a beautiful game.  I recommend playing it alone, with sunlight streaming in through the windows and a box of cookies next to you.  And a box of tissues.  Next to the cookies,  Because the goal is to find out what happened to Ethan Carter, while investigating the deaths of his family members.  I found it to be a good, quick game; each death is a 'puzzle' of a sort, but once you figure out how the game works, those will be easier to crack.  Prepare to spend awhile in the mine. <3"
,Recommended,258520,17700928,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,CthulhuFhtagn[138],i litteraly had chills down my spine and almost a heart attack looking at this games graphics an absolute piece of art we need more games like this unreal engine 4 truly is the future
76561198025296495,Recommended,258520,17687780,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hypersapien,A beautiful game. You can tell this game was crafted by people who really cared about how the player would experience the story.
,Recommended,258520,16653842,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Qyndryx,"Stunning game.  The graphics are tremendous and I could not ask for more.  The game starts slow but is awesome overall.  You will need a pretty beefy PC, my Microsoft Surface couldn't even get 30FPS on minimum settings but my new PC can get a whopping 200!  I really suggest you get this game if you love absolutley stunning sights!"
76561198055403681,Recommended,258520,17450162,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Tumbletim,"This game goes down as a favorite solely because of the experience it created.If you like beautiful scenery and exploration, get this game.If you like rich story and emotional investment, get this game.If you like games that make you cry, get this game.Feels. So many feels."
,Recommended,258520,17595679,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Cancer cannot be cured,One of the finest pieces of video game narration and narrative driven game play to be ever made. Must Play. Must buy.
,Recommended,258520,17596980,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Elaiden,"Best game i have ever played, the music, the visuals, the story, the mechanics, the optimization! everything is perfect! only thing is that i wish it to be longer. I cant wait for The Austronauts next game which they've said to be a lot longer! If you like calm storydriven games this one is for you and you should totally buy it!"
76561198064517003,Recommended,258520,17606878,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,tipki,Soooo beautiful!A bit short though.
,Recommended,258520,17609932,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,tristfall,"While the game was a little buggy at times, and I'm still not sure I understood the logic of the auto-save system, I thought this was a fantastic example of story telling through gaming. I hope more developers take this route to gaming in the future."
76561197971701135,Recommended,258520,17611500,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,outcast,"Beatiful ambient game with an interesting storyPros:- Extremely beutiful graphics and environment- An interesting story that makes you want to see what happens next- It is nice to feel like you have to figure out things by yourself, no tutorial and no hud.- No HUD makes the immersion even strongerCons:- Even though the world is beatiful to wander around in, the environment can feel a bit unnecessary big sometimes for a puzzle game. You can often run for minutes without finding anything to actually interact with.- Characters do not look as impressive as the environmentMixed Pros/Cons (Depending on your preferance)- It is a short game and can be finished in a day- Because the game does not explain anything some game mechanics can be easy to overlook.- As soon as you have figured out the core mechanic of how things work the ""puzzles"" become very simple"
76561198058432333,Recommended,258520,17509726,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Solae,"Fantastic game, gorgeous graphics, keeps you on edge. It's short, but what's there is large studio quality. Very worth it, and I'll definitely re-play it in the future."
76561198072978528,Recommended,258520,17637782,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,FireTigress,"8/10 Very atmospheric with a satisfying story.Pros1. Great scenery and audio2. Captivating and emotional story. Several times I just sat for a minute just to take what was happening.3. The game felt like an appropriate length for me, though I do wish it had been a bit longer since it was enjoyable to play.Cons1. No ability to create a save point. I lost a good amount of my progress when I had to restart the game.Pro/ConThe game doesn't hold your hand. I very much enjoyed the freedom to explore as I pleased and just enjoy being in the game. The somewhat negative result was initially walking past almost everything I was supposed to interact with. It did take me a little while to figure out the mechanics and I somehow completely missed the clues to show where certain items were. This made finding cretain clues rather difficult."
76561197996611160,Recommended,258520,17712973,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ParanoidFreak,"This game is exactly how i wish every mystery/point and click genre was played. It drops you at the game with no long & boring tutorials also increasing the mystery of the game since you need to start exploring with less than basic information, with intuitive and simple commands also lets you explore the world with an amazing feeling of freedom.It has a stunning environment full of detail and life & perfectly fit ambient music which changes quite smoothly to adapt to the situation.The only thing that keeps me from calling this a masterpiece is the ending... With the level of mastery that i saw in all other aspects of the game, i expected to be blown away by the ending but in the end it was just good. It doesnt ruin the game in anyway, i just had my expectations extremely high so im letting it noted here so no one makes that mistake. But with that said the rest of the story is quite captivating with alot of famous novels references.The price of the game is a little high for such a short experience, but if you are a fan of story driven games its worth the purchase, you can always wait for steam discounts if you find it too expensive but its a must play."
76561198181890621,Recommended,258520,17495152,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,archautomaton,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short, interactive narrative exploration game, highlighted by mystery, puzzle-solving, and some light horror elements...TL;DR: 7.8/10+atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere+well done puzzles and interactive elements+visually impressive+captivating story+Lovecraftian/Poe elements (creepy weird)-no concrete way of saving-relatively short-one jumpscare ( :( )Fans of genres more Lovecraftian in nature will find themselves at home in this title, though I've seen it disputed in discussions here on Steam, so I will clarify: If you are familiar with Lovecraft outside of the Cthulhu Mythos (and even that, to a smaller degree is captured in a tale), there are some very notable atmospheric relations here that any fan of occult science-fiction will be able to pick up on. Without spoiling too much, if you imagine the protagonist of this game to be something of a young H.P. Lovecraft, perhaps you will see a more direct correlation.MOVING ON!The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an absolutely beautiful game, with an abundance of textures in scenery that contribute to full-scale immersion that bring me back to travels I've personally explored out in nature. If you're able to max out this game and its offerings of visual options, please do so. The subtle nuances in tracking, texturing, reflections, and light filtering make it an entirely different experience altogether. I don't think I've stopped to take so many pictures in a game.Similarly, the audio spectrum of this game weighs in just as heavily as its graphical counterpart, with ambient nature sounds that lends the atmosphere its heart; whereupon, the soundtrack gives it a soul. I wouldn't say the soundtrack on its own is by any means the greatest soundtrack I've heard in a game, but it does a great job of bringing the mood without working against the background sound effects (which I find to be one of the more important elements for this explorative-type game).The gameplay is relatively simple, there aren't any difficult control layouts to remember. You walk, and you click. There is a lot of ground to cover in this game, so I wouldn't recommend breezing from path to path in search of the obvious, or you will miss a lot of what this experience provides the player. In my total time playing, (11-13 hours at typing this?), I think I could say that I covered every inch of the map in 8-10 hours of gameplay.The gameplay mechanics as far as puzzles and interaction goes is pretty straightforward, if you're willing to take the time to take the visual cues offered to you. As most of this game is meant to have you solving a mystery, I personally like that it doesn't hold your hand and walk you through ""how to"" solve any of the puzzles. The game starts, you're in the woods and you're there to figure out what happened independently from the get-go.The game is comprised of several mini-mysteries. I can't say specifically how long they each took me to complete, but because of the lack of a proper save element in this game (that I will expound upon shortly), I would recommend completing this game in the same way that you would approach reading a book-- by ""chapters."" It isn't what I would call ""linear,"" although, it does follow a loose-woven path and so not every area is open immediately to explore-- some puzzle-solving will be required to open buildings and paths.The game is branded in some places as a ""horror,"" although I can only think of one time I was horrified because I am a person who loves to hate jumpscares. There is only one occurrence of that in the entire game, and the puzzle is relatively simple... just something pants-shattingly petrifying about knowing a spoopy monster is going to pop out at you. People that hate jumpscares will hate this tiny part of the game. It didn't ruin it for me, but it was so unexpected that I couldn't properly solve the puzzle without running and clicking, hoping for it all to end.The worst criticism I've seen this game receive is that you can't drop-down and save it. You have to reach a point or engage an event where the game will auto-save; however, there is a workaround if you really need to log. Most of the solved events (most notably, places where you've emerged from solving a mystery) have an item that triggers an auto-save, like reading a certain document. Not perfect, but if you need to go in a pinch, there you go. This is why I would say gauge the time you want to spend on this game and play in ""chapters"" or story-by-story.You shouldn't NEED to backtrack too much, unless you plan to 100% this game, as one of the achievements is actually a partial bit that didn't make it into the whole game, it's on you to go back and put that all together. (It's not an entirely rewarding achievement if you're content otherwise.)After completing the game, I can say I'm moderately happy with my experience playing. The characters were not amongst the best written, but the protagonist more than makes up for it in his constructed tales as they unfold the story. I can't say that I would play this again anytime soon, due to the length and the simplicity of the puzzles, but I did enjoy playing it through the first time.As far as monetary value, I know I got this game on sale, maybe for 10 bucks? I'd definitely pay $10 or $15-- $20 is a stretch, but if I sit and really consider how much heart went into this game, I would if I knew how much I'd enjoy this game."
76561198117530123,Recommended,258520,17502978,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,strop7,Pro's-Good mysteryOpen worldAtmosphericGood Puzzle/storyCons-Too ShortCould'nt climb trees/  no pakour7.5/10
76561198082358570,Recommended,258520,17505908,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Trixxt33r,"One of the best games of the season. If you love walking simulators and mystery this is the game for you, with dramatic music and a mysterious atmosphere The Vanishing of Ethan Carter manages to pull you into this magical world where everything is a mystery and only the corpses can tell you the truth."
,Recommended,258520,17756926,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Nyxinator,I'm not a big review writer but I must say The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a very well done game with the detailed background and the music and the interesting surprises as you explore further into Ethan's family and background.I love puzzle games and this went seamlessly with the game play. You wanted to find the answers and not get frustrated halfway through. I would definitely reccommend this to people that like Myst exploritory type games.
76561198025282339,Recommended,258520,17759272,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SAMX777,"Beauuuuuutiful game!!loved it so much!! I wish it was a little bit longer.Now,im waithing for UE4 version."
,Recommended,258520,17763723,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Reaper,This game is stunningly beautiful; every couple of minutes I would find myself taking a screenshot of the beautiful world. It can be a little frustrating at times to find a clue but the game does a marvelous job of steering you into the next clue-filled area and it is very rewarding to figure each mini-story out. I loved this game and it is a very refreshing experience.
,Recommended,258520,30497521,Posted: 13 March,all,kwdrewfan,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short game - took me about 5 hours in total, and I'm someone who is very thorough with exploration - but it is beautifully atmospheric and certainly tells a story.First off, I cannot say enough about the graphics. The environment is absolutely stunning. The characters are perhaps a bit lacking by comparison, but it isn't so drastic to be distracting. I thoroughly enjoyed unfolding the events in each ""chunk"" of the game, even if the mechanics are a little repetitive, and getting to watch it all play out in full. My favorite part of the investigation sequences is how much they genuinely feel like solving a ""Whodunnit"" case; classic formula of finding clues and figuring out the order of events, which as someone who has always loved solving mysteries, gave me a thrill. I recall the storytelling feeling dark and disturbing to a degree, which I found myself eagerly digging into to discover more, so if you're into that - you will enjoy this.There were also some extra, we'll call them ""side missions"" to uncover by going out of your way while exploring and completing certain tasks. These unlock additional stories that Ethan wrote which can be fun and interesting to hear about, but ultimately serve no purpose aside from achievements. There was one side mission in particular that caused me a lot of heart-pounding anxiety, but I was determined to finish it! Overall, though, I think they were a nice and warranted touch to a game that's already lacking in length.I will say that I was disappointed with the ending. Without giving too much away, I remember repeating at my computer screen, ""That can't be it. There had better be something at the end of the credits."" Sadly, no extra goodies were to be found. Regardless, this is a GORGEOUS game with an engaging method of storytelling, fun Whodunnit-like mystery solving sequences, heavy emphasis on environmental exploration, and lots of optional additional content if you're patient. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,258520,16896524,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Maz,"Really well done mystery/horror game. Love the autumn vibe and exploring around. Game is not very long (finished in 3 hours), but Iove the concept and hope to see more like this in the future."
,Recommended,258520,16901128,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,ninjap0wz,"I found this game through the recommendations from others. There was a lot of high praise for this game. And it is a very good one at that. For those of you who do not know this game is about exploration and adventure with a little bit of puzzle solving thrown in.The beautiful open world was a great choice. I often found myself staring out into the distance into the scenic view this game often presented you with. The story flowed quite well despite being a free-range, do what ever you want whenever you want type of game.The one thing I do stress is to have an open mind going into this game. They say this game doesn't hold you're hand. And it really doesn't. I found it a bit frustrating at times, not knowing what to do to complete a puzzle. They are generally  well laid out and the answers are usually fairly close to the questions. I think this is the one thing I struggled with the most. But that's my own problem. Just beware of that and try to think things through rather than just going with the flow. Because there really is no flow.Overall, it isn't along game at all. 4-5 hours is all it will take you to complete this game. And damn those 5 hours are worth it."
,Recommended,258520,16901315,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Paladin,"Pros:+ very nice visual style, creating a great atmosphere+ Music, Sound and voice acting+ Story+ Not too long (4h)+ linearCons:- Puzzles sometimes annoying (memorizing skills useful)- no real action, walking aroung and listen to scripted events- Had some orientation issues - where to go next?Tip:- if you want to see the ending do not select another story than ""stories"" in the final screen - otherwise you'll have to play the game more or less again.Verdict:Worth the 5 € I bought it for at the steam summer sale. But don't expect more than running around and listening to a better audio book."
76561198033073271,Recommended,258520,16904350,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kcrouse,"I picked this up on sale and I really enjoyed this.  After playing so many FPS games, this was a refreshing change.  Good writing and great atmosphere made for a great experience.  It is short, so I recommend getting it on sale.  Everyone once and a while I like a game that I can play in one or two sittings, so this suited me fine."
76561197970547814,Recommended,258520,16908129,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,C0MBINE S0LDIER,Great game.
,Recommended,258520,16869317,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,bartiss,I didn't like the story that much but the visuals are stunning!I almost felt the smell of the wind and the forest.If next Skyrim is going to look like this I will just walk around sightseeing for weeks.This game is really short and could use more complex riddles as few are way too easy.
,Recommended,258520,16872995,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Royel,"Great experience. Fun and interesting stories, some creative puzzles, great overarching plot... and even a little scary section."
,Recommended,258520,16590889,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jack,"I like the game but it's certainly not without flaws:- weird save system is just bad- crap ending after really good story until then- easy to miss large parts out (but lets you go back and do them, so whatever)- often kinda unclear and annoyingBut then the graphics and how unique it is.... it's pretty good. The length is... appropriate, but short, so I don't think it's quite worth full price but if it's on sale for <£10 then definitely get it."
,Recommended,258520,17145409,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Capt.Sweglord,Ruh-roh!
,Recommended,258520,17152552,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,C0deTalker,Pros:* Great graphics* Great voice acting* Great story* Unique gameplayCon:* There was one part that if I hadn't looked up a walkthrough I would have likely never progressed past that part in the game. It was basically just searching for a super hidden thing that I would have needed to have searched the entire game to find. And the game is massive. Even if you're looking in the right area it's extremely easy to miss and well camoflaged. There was no good reason for it to be so well hidden. At the very least they should have put something in the game to make you realize you needed to search in a certain area.* At least one other chapter/story was too well hidden but it's possible I would have found it with time.
,Recommended,258520,17135799,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RoadRash,"So good! Absolutely beautiful, a total trip, awesome story, imposibly hard puzzles! Oh and also horrifying!A little too hard and scary for me, so I had to follow a walkthrough, but the story had me so hooked I had to finish it!"
76561197998707710,Recommended,258520,16937015,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dr. Nick,"The atmosphere in this game is tangible, I loved every bit of the mysterious experience it brings.Graphics took some tweaking to get rid of some minor stuttering, but once I did it was very lush and a wonder to watch the story unfold.I'm looking forward to whatever The Astronauts do in the future."
,Recommended,258520,16847441,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,GaiusBertus,"Beautiful game, but short (about 3-4 hours). Had one scene that actually scared me. Saves only at certain checkpoints, which is highly annoying! Buy it when it's on sale.So now to compare it a bit to Dear Esther, my de facto standard for good ""walking simulators"". Which is better at what areas?Graphics -> Ethan Carter; this game is astonishingly gorgious at times, although the character models and animations are not as good as the landscape. All in all this might me the best looking game after GTA5 I have ever played.Music -> Dear Esther; EC has some great tunes but Jessica Curry's haunting tunes seem to be in a league of their own... I rarely experienced music that tore more at the heartstrings than Dear Esther's.Voice acting -> Dear Esther; EC's main character Paul Prospero's sounds great, but all the other characters are less convincing.""Gameplay"" -> Ethan Carter; this games actually has some puzzles and even a point at which you can *gasp*  DIE!Atmosphere -> Dear Esther; Ethan Carter is beautiful, but lacks the melancholy soul Dear Esther presents. Basically Dear Esther's island is one big metaphore for your journey, while EC's woods and hills are seemingly just that: (beautiful) woods and hills.Mystery -> Dear Esther; while both games have plenty of mysterious events and settings and good stories, EC has a pretty nice wrap-up in the end where most has been explained. Dear Esther remains ambiguous even after several playthroughs, which I like more.Emotional impact -> Dear Esther; it basically wins because the overal presentation including music and writing is a more poetic experience; it thus affected me more than EC, although the ending of EC is also a really good one.So once again: recommended, but not able to become my favourite ""walking game"" after Dear Esther."
,Recommended,258520,16849090,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Clockfix,Great game. Great story.
,Recommended,258520,17211308,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Urizen,Awesome story.
,Recommended,258520,17214706,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Emotive Stasis Accelerant,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the most suspenseful games I've ever played. I can't say it's ""scary"" or even ""atmospheric."" It's just suspenseful. You're dropped into an almost vacant world, a chillingly empty mountain region where a boy named Ethan Carter is attempting to challenge a supernatural entity called The Sleeper, which is taking control of Ethan's family. You as Paul Prospero must find out what happened to Ethan and his family by examining the town and tying the mystery together, ultimately discovering the truth.It's difficult to say why this game's story is so superb without spoiling its phenomenal ending, but I encourage players to see it through to the end. The struggles of the Carter family go far beyond the supernatural, and the ending feels so tightly crafted, that it'll stick with you long after the credits roll.The mechanic of examining areas for clues and deducing a crime scene event by rearranging chronologies in the right order is great. It's admittedly a bit easy and succumbs to trial-and-error a bit too much, but it's an interesting way to approach a mystery. Some parts of gameplay are a bit more standard in puzzle design, but the constant shifts in aesthetic keep things fresh. The save system, however, is all based on auto-save, and with long periods of walking between parts of the map, it can become exhausting. A better-implemented quick save or even a manual save feature could've remedied this.I also must say that this game is beautiful. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter's hauntingly isolated mountain scene is so perfectly presented with varied environments and a few surreal spirals to keep things interesting. Voice acting is equally good, as Ethan's tense family dialogues exhibit sincerity and desperation to survive. Know that it's a pretty demanding game technologically. Mid-range PC's and lower might find some technical snags along the way, only reinforcing the amazing technical prowess of this game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short game, a fleeting yarn being bent, but it'll stick with you for a long time. It's a mystery that begs to be solved, and with such a creative merging of story and gameplay, it's near impossible to forget.Pros: Gorgeous graphics, creative blend of story and gameplay, excellent voice actingCons: Save system is pretty convoluted, large world can demand lots of obnoxious backtracking, short length"
76561198006561937,Recommended,258520,16621438,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sam Hawkens,"Absolutely amazing gaming experience. Although the word Gaming its not the best one. I would compare this masterpiece to a mystery movie. Interactive story in which you take part. The story line is so deep, that after a final cut, you will be left speechless for a moment and then you will start searching for more information about the ending.If you like mysteries, you like realy nice sceneries and most of all if you like good stories, you should get this game asap. The price, when it is on sale ,is like a price for a movies in cinema, so i think its fair deal that the game can be done in roughly 4 hours."
76561198125110351,Recommended,258520,16630989,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tashita101,"Unique game. Never played something like this. Maybe the best way to describe it is as a combination between Myst and Phantasmagoria. With the most beuatifull graphics (sometimes i just stood still, enjoying the surrounding)"
76561198136447729,Recommended,258520,18006571,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Everywheel,"Beautiful graphics - I've taken more screenshots than a tourist seeing the Eiffel Tower for the first time. Ambient music, intriguing storyline and lots of creepy stuff going on to weird you out.  Not many jumpscares so far, but rather just a feeling of dread / suspense / curiosity.  Recommend it highly!"
,Recommended,258520,18021899,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ApacheSquirreL,"REDUX version:Although a little buggy at the moment, this is easily my favourite VR experience to date.  This was already one of the most beautiful and captivating games, the VR element just makes it all that more amazing.  A lot of VR demos have left me wondering what real gaming is going to be like, this has resparked my interest.The murder mystery genre is perfect for VR as it doesn't have you running and jumping all over the place.  With a bit of care, you can experience this without too much motion sickness.I'd say you are going to need at least a GTX 970 to run this though, its UE4 and its very demanding. Framerate is pretty amazing though considering the detail."
,Recommended,258520,18023422,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The Silicon Jesus,"This is a fantastic atmospheric detective story that is definitely worth your time. The story is well crafted, the scenery is absolutely beautiful, and the puzzles are fun but not too difficult."
,Recommended,258520,18019559,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Occultist,"The game follows a more old-school approach, of a narrative puzzle (quest) adventure, where there are no spoiler hints, no help mode and no tutorial intro, whatsoever. It's got a somewhat long learning curve, if you're not used to this type of game, but the content is astonishing : You find yourself in a gorgeous open-world scenery (UE3 and UE4-redux version DO make a difference), where you explore and find clues that help you pick up the pieces of the story at your own pace. The graphics are absolutely beautiful and so is the subtle ambient music score that will accompany you to some very memorable locations. The whole scenario, although short, is well written and makes for some gory, dark sense in the process. It's not a lengthy experience, but it's long enough to support the script without falling into unnecessary scenario gaps.Verdict : Impressive and rewarding for every adventure geek out there. 9/10"
76561198093203093,Recommended,258520,18019776,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,genejoke,Stunning and intriguing game.
76561198145647482,Recommended,258520,18030713,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,PapaWin,"WOW! Simply amazing! I hate comparing but I do not regret in buying this game. The developers/publishers DO REALLY care for their customers! Unlike ""State Of Decay: YOSE"" they charge their existing customers who already own the ""State of Decay"" for the remastered version."
76561198093145458,Recommended,258520,17990349,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"Beautiful, mysterious, haunting... an absolutely perfect ""walking simulator"" with light puzzle-solving and a touch of supernatural horror."
,Recommended,258520,18034202,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,boxxy,"Amazing 3D models and graphics, I was stunned all the way through. Kind of short, but well worth it with it if you enjoy mystery/horror games !"
76561198109514267,Recommended,258520,18034346,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Acrasia88,"The best game of 2014. Hands down. If you don't have it yet, you NEED to get it."
76561197991643718,Recommended,258520,18034660,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,GizZy84,"Visually Stunning game, short (6 hrs) great atmosphere, solid puzzles. Feel of accomplishment when through. Don´t use guide!All in all highly recommandable"
76561198113833439,Recommended,258520,18028794,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ollyeta,Well what can i say but nothing less than stunning. 10/10 well done :)
76561198071495592,Recommended,258520,18027057,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,fogalchemist,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an addictive mystery that draws the player along as they work out the twists and turns of young Ethan's disappearance.Wildly imaginative and wonderfully open, the game does a lot to scratch my investigator itch. With a dearth of murders and puzzles to solve, as well as supernatural experiences to survive, the game knows exactly how to keep the player on their toes. And as more of the mystery is pieced together, the story comes to a stunning conclusion.This is a great game that has been praised relentlessly, and I have to add to that. It's definitely worth checking out."
76561197970531476,Recommended,258520,17995560,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,desoter,"Fantastic, emersive, compelling.Amazing visuals & story writing, the world is a treat to explore, many many times I found myself just enjoying a vista in the game, the level of detail is amazing."
,Recommended,258520,13619962,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stafa,"It's like a point and click adventure game but in first person. Some of the puzzles are pretty cool, graphics look good, and story is neat. My only issue with the game is their is little flow to the level design. You have to search every single area thoroughly otherwise you might skip entire story events."
76561197966702935,Recommended,258520,13621778,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sperber,"If Dear Esther would have a Child with Gone Home, this would be it. Much better graphics than Dear Esther with an even deeper atmosphere and story than Gone Home. But make no mistake: playing this is more like watching an interactive movie that's about four hours long and where you are in control of the pacing. But if you enjoy these kind of games, this is a new reference title in the genre."
76561198126245606,Recommended,258520,13622390,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hays,"I really enjoyed most of this game! If it was up to me I would have changed the sceen where a head was being bashed in. It simply wasn't necessary to the game or the puzzle. If I wanted violence I would have played a shooter. They may have been bad people, but I would have prefered to not have the few cases of bad language. It makes it hard to recommend to young players.The story was interesting and the graphics first rate!  The puzzles fit the mood and the story. I would never have found the 14th puzzle about the sniper rifle with out the help of the blog.I am going to check the ""recommend"" button, but only with the condition that it is not recommended for kids."
76561197963316291,Recommended,258520,13650524,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,gex2k7,"Just finished the game and really enjoyed it.For sure the graphical experience is outstanding, which was the first reason why I was interested in seeing the game.But then the atmosphere, story and the room for own interpretation blew me away.Of course I won't spoiler anything in the review ;).One negative point I still have: The riddles could have been a little bit more challenging, but besides that it offers what an ""exploration game"" is expected to offer: Meaning a truly interesting story to discover, embedded in a beatifully designed and crafted landscape."
,Recommended,258520,13604902,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ViolentBoo,All I do is take screen shots and put them as my background.10/10
,Recommended,258520,13608233,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Exolon,"VoEC is a very unique take on the adventure game genre. It takes the Point-and-Click format a step further to a Look-and-Click (the game automatically highlights interesting information) format thus avoiding the frustrating pixel hunting and the guess work usually involved in the old school style game.There are puzzles to solve but none are very difficult and the game allows you to solve the mystery in a non-linear manner.  Indeed, the game is more about exploration and uncovering the Cthulu-sque story than problem solving.The narration surrounding the ""Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is aided by some beautiful graphics and a haunting background score that add so much to the supernatural atmosphere.Highly recommended if you want a change in pace and love adventure games!"
76561198133267420,Recommended,258520,13605538,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ykram-sama,8.5/10Overall: A great gamePros+Uncommon Story (The end was kinda predictable at some point)+Graphics+Not murder soul suspect+Atmosphere+Feels (Family)+Music= A must buy game.......on sale!Cons-Short-No proper instructions
,Recommended,258520,13646142,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shaggywolfhound,"If you like story lines, puzzles, weirdness and graphics, play this.  It's bloody awesome."
,Recommended,258520,13647945,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sugarshocker,I think of this as is a beautiful interactive mystery novel that unveils itself through exploration. It hooked me fast and was very enjoyable.
76561198095170969,Recommended,258520,13299111,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,RogueRaptor,Beautifully crafted game with a great storey but sadly the game is too short for the price its offered at.
76561198138882795,Recommended,258520,13597386,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,eoin.donoghue,"This game is truly fantastic, it is beautiful, the story is brilliant and the ending is great, the fact it has no loading screens throughout the game is brilliant, no disruptions at all. The Astronauts did a fantastic job.9.5/10"
,Recommended,258520,13598488,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,fenrif,"This is a very good game if you can get it for about a tenner or less. It clocks in at about 3 to four hours. It's visually very stunning, but the gameplay is extremely shallow.Mostly the puzzles are hunt-the-object affairs that send you looking for things like a rock in the woods. Once you have collected all the items you need you can solve the scene with an extremely simplistic detective mechanic. I'd not fault it except for the game doesn't tell you (As far as I could see anyway) about the way it tells you where to look. I was two and a half hours in before I realised it hints you towards the objects location. For those that don't twig on, you can look around (without moving) to focus the word your looking for and then press A to show you a hint. Without this the game was maddening, with it the game presented no challenge.I rate it far better than Amnesia: Machine for Pigs and Gone Home purely because the developers afford the player some agency over the game. But it is definatly of their ilk, albiet far better implimented.The plot is pretty interesting, though nothing groundbreakingly original. It's well told though and definatly poigniant.Ultimatly I say the main detractor for me would be the length, but I got it in a sale so the price seemed fair. Get it on sale and you wont be dissapointed. Get it for full price and at a fiver an hour you very well may be."
76561198031975325,Recommended,258520,13600462,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,adfl,"Solution for 64bit gamers.....look for the 64bit file under Binaries in the Local files on your drive""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\The Vanishing of Ethan Carter\Binaries\Win64\AstronautsGame-Win64-Shipping.exe""to make this game work.....Why the devlopers can't fix this obvious problem just puzzles melazy sods"
76561197973253513,Recommended,258520,13600870,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,HomerCidal,"The graphics in this game are superb, however the game was short about.... 6 hours it took to complete. I felt it was a little disjointed in the story line, although I enjoyed playing it I think it was a kind of all over the place. For the beauty of the graphics I would rate it 6.5/10 .... Interesting concept but could have been developed into a longer and more challenging game."
76561198064640951,Recommended,258520,13910268,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mikoala<3,"I can't recommend this game enough for people who love a good story in a game, puzzles, a beautiful atmosphere and intriguing gameplay without mindless shooting."
,Recommended,258520,13913447,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,grahambird80,"I truly enjoyed playing this game, while it is a bit on the short side the story is very evolving and flows very nicely. The games graphics are some of the best I have seen to date.I would suggest that if you are planning on buying this game that you make sure you try and set aside time to complete the game over a few sessions as it makes it will defiantly add to the enjoyment, playtime is probably no more than 4 hours if you were to go at it non-stop."
76561198081743139,Recommended,258520,13917443,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,failgorithm,I hadn't played an adventure game in a long time before playing Ethan.  It was enjoyable and lived it to its hype.
,Recommended,258520,13873498,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Math,"Not at all the game I expected or wanted, but overall the game it needed to be. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a stunningly beautiful game,  with environments that are both eerie and awe-inspiring. The world is peppered with puzzles, some optional and some not, that build a story as interesting as the world they are found in. I don't know quite what I was expecting from this game, but what I got far exceeded that. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of those games that simply drops you into the world, and lets the story unfold naturally, instead of shoving you down a path at the speed the game dictates, and while it is short, it is worth the time and money."
,Recommended,258520,13880502,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Jim Lahey [Grade 11],Beautiful visuals and music.  Tons of detail. Worth the play.
76561198047372614,Recommended,258520,13858587,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,sosupb,"Amazing game with an awesome story, beautiful scenery. All around best immersion into a game i have had in a long time."
76561198114410234,Recommended,258520,12469144,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Mighty Boosh,"Amazing game, incredibly thrilling, you never know what to expect."
,Recommended,258520,12469924,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Basic,"The visual are breath taking, the environment is a joy to explore. I have to admit I found the gameplay a little so-so and ended up doing an awful lot of running back/forth at the end.That said, it's worth playing simply for the joy of exploring and seeing wonderful scenery."
76561198075793280,Recommended,258520,12449635,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ghost,"You, like me, probably screen reviews before you buy a game. I usually shop by genre but lately I was looking for...An indie gem, something different.This game is something different.Exactly what I wanted.Pros:-Amazing graphics and atmosphere, graphics ranks with A list games-Unique idea and some interesting mechanics. Doesn't fit many genres!-Intruiging story but the whole ""feel"" and look of the game is what sellsCons:-Some technical issues, couldn't run game on high Anti-Aliasing. Still looked amazing though!-Quite short, but sweet in a good way don't know if this is a pro or conIf you don't know what game to play and you're sick of the usual buy this."
76561197970596914,Recommended,258520,12449831,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MagiusDel,A brilliantly scripted tragedy that leaves you fascinated until the very end.
,Recommended,258520,12450910,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,KingSilverHand,"Visually a very stunning game though the ""puzzels"" are light and its certainly lacking in gameplay. Still the developers do know how to create a beautiful realistic environment. I cant wait to see what they come up with next. Cetainly worth a purchase at a discount."
76561198080163360,Recommended,258520,12451405,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,_donda_,"A really nice example of the genre of ""interactive storytelling"". A well-crafted story combined with excellent visuals. The game keeps you guessing and surprises you right to the end.Do not buy this game if you are looking for finger dexterity training / side missions / lots of guns / challenging puzzles . Do buy this game if the prospect of walking through a mysterious story intrigues you."
76561198065280988,Recommended,258520,12452128,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RogueWolf,"Quite a short adventure (approx 7 hours of play time) which works out at £2 an hour of play time.  Superb graphics that just make you want to stop and look at the scenery.  A few easy to medium puzzles.  Good user inteface.  Nice voice acting.  No danger/damage/fighting/player death.  Zero replayability (unless you just want another look at that lovely peaceful scenery) . Satisfying ending that explains all the weird and wonderful happenings. All in all, worth the asking price.  I enjoyed it and would buy the next in the series if there is one.  Did I mention the stunning graphics?"
76561198062226335,Recommended,258520,12452828,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,jennbug,"Eerie, atmospheric, and at times unsettling, this game was indeed short but sweet. I enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,258520,12452890,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Niklas,"Great little autumn game. It looks beautiful, runs without a hitch and the atmosphere is thick and it doesn't hold your hand at all, which invites exploration both of the games mechanics and its world. The game is like the artwork and soundtrack to a short story, it just flows on.The game is short, maybe five or six hours, but in my opinion that's just enough. The only downside is that.. section in the mine, which breaks the mood and rythm of the game, but the reward for going through it is pretty great.I would definately say go for it!"
,Recommended,258520,12396703,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,RedWaggon,"The type of horror found in this game is entirely unique. The rusty, autumn visuals exhibit a spooky beauty to the dead town of Red Creek Valley. Honestly, this is the only game in my knowledge where I can feel anxiety by simply staring at a waterfall. Where most horror games instill a fear of what is to come, this game focuses on the gruesome mystery of what has already happened, heavily relying on the player’s own imagination. Feelings of fear and wonder will combine to create an aura of anxiety, present throughout.The plot is all over the place. It’s fairly experimental and nonlinear, but poetically satisfying. It’s not the type of game that needs to be played in one sitting.The music sounds like someone threw a million dollars at it. The different tracks are fairly catchy too, and they support their visual environments.There are a few cons to this game. Maneuvering around can be a bit choppy. The voice acting is adequate but not amazing. The save system is automatic and too infrequent.  There are a few typos, and the transposition of the audible dialogue to the text on screen is not always perfect.All in all though, this was quite an ambitious idea for a game, and it actually turned out amazing."
76561197970398788,Recommended,258520,12289481,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,KevinBWilson,"I havent written any reviews before, but felt I had to for this brilliant piece of work. Graphics are fantastic, story compelling, puzzles are logical and just the right difficulty level for me. No monster fighting but an spooky tale told in a simple but believable way. Even the unbelievable bits make sense at the end. The game play mechanics are unusual but in a good way. Took a while at the beginning to realise that when there are multiple swirling words you have to line them up to see where to go.Was a bit short, wanted more, but great. Well done."
,Recommended,258520,12397135,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Camel,i strongly recommend this GAME! first of all the graphics are great!secondly the game has a really impressiv and clever story and its really doing an amazing job getting you immersed in this rich world.its a detective game with a gothic and mysterious tonethis is one of the best gaming experinces i had for a long time ;)YOU SHOULD TRY IT!and if your not convinced yet! check out this review by ign!even though it deserves a 9.5!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nYic8XaAtQ
,Recommended,258520,12398478,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Blikje''',I really loved this game. Not only because of the amazing graphics but also because of the story. I felt like a real detective and exploring the landscape was no punishment. Because of this all the story felt a bit to short for me (about 4 hours of gameplay). I would have wanted to play this for a longer time!ProsConsStunning Graphics.Great story.Awesome puzzles.In the beginning it's somethimes unclear what to do next.Some framedrops while playing.Short gameplay.
76561198121101562,Recommended,258520,12398695,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,rafalbajorek,Nice visuals. Story was waaay to short.
76561198005772688,Recommended,258520,12400226,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Beast of the East DC United,"This game has the feeling of a real place, similar to Myst Island or FF7. The incredible location, graphics and non-instanced location to location travel all make for an incredibly immersive first person horror experience. This is a must buy for any horror fan."
,Recommended,258520,12403277,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Death_Adder,This game is awesome if you can call it a game.  It's more like an interactive narrative set within beautiful graphics.  I highly recommend it and well worth the money.
,Recommended,258520,12365006,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Simon Trueheart,"I really enjoyed this game. The puzzles are not very hard at all, and there isn't a ton of challenge, but that really isn't what the game is about. The puzzles and actions are more a form of interactive story. Because of this, that which remains to be judged is the story and atmosphere; and that is a good thing, as both are outstanding.I found the story to be interesting, creepy, touching, foreboding, and filled with sorrow. The atmosphere is wonderful. The visuals are beautiful, yet completely convey the sense of a long abandoned town. The subtle details throughout are wonderful (make note of the few clocks you find). The music is beautiful and the feel and emotion of if it is applied effectively at the right times. ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" is a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,258520,12366265,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,djmexxc,"unique and very good with only one disappointmentReally loved to play it, felt like i was in a movie.Reminded me of ""dear esther"" good graphics and very good story line.There was only one thing that really bothered me that was the swearing in some of the story telling by the characters, this is such a beautiful game then why do you need the swearing and cursing it really bothered me.8 out of 10 else it would have been 10 out of 10."
76561197981551807,Recommended,258520,12366349,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,db- lalala AWP,More content!!!
,Recommended,258520,12366358,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,JC Hunter,"9/10It was a short game, but it an immensly beauty to play. Mysterious and marvelous. Astonishing graphics and an interesting story.Some part are really scary, however most of the game you are just enjoying the awesome graphics.I am not a fan of the supernatural genre, but this game.. It simply is different from other games, I really recommend getting this.Compared to the play length I spend about $5/hour. It was absolutely worth it!Only downside I can mention is the shortness of the game. I would love to have more, much more of this. Can't wait for a sequal."
,Recommended,258520,15871372,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lord Avarice,"I generally don't like puzzle games, but for this one, the story, atmosphere, and music easily carry it along. It's not kidding about not holding your hand and there were some frustrating points trying to figure out what to do but all totally worth it - don't cheat, the game's not that long and you'll just ruin it for yourself if you do. Definitely recommended, there are AAA titles that don't put as much care in to their games.If you want a good weekend mystery story, look no further."
,Recommended,258520,16250693,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Grimnax417,"Keep finding my self coming back to play this well written narritive game.This game inparticular will be a story telling like platform and you will be solving some merder scenes, first is easy and then you really have to explore to find some of the hidden objectives through out the game.Great story and keep coming back to hear it again.Also has a jumpscare/slender minigame if you find it. more or less really its like miner fourty niner from schoobie doo. just with out the diving gear and well... a miner. still scarry!"
,Recommended,258520,15548461,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JaCKaL,"Stunningly beautiful imagery, very detailed.  If you look up the process they used, you'll understand why.  Makes me wish they could use the actual 3D models their software generated, but I understand the...hmm...performance implications would be entirely unmanageable!  Great music, adds immensely the atmosphere of the game.Playing the game is fairly non-linear, though I think experiencing the narrative in the order the devs most likely intended adds to the experience.  Regardless of the order, the ending is quite powerful.  I also noticed quite a bit of foreshadowing/setup throughout the game that I was delighted to find supporting the conclusion.Definitely left me wanting more, would buy/play again, 10/10."
,Recommended,258520,15280762,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,AzulAtômico,"The game is gorgeous, it was a joy just to walk around wandering about the world.A bit short, but it is a must have for exploration and adventure fans."
76561198052983784,Recommended,258520,15281079,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,BigCheeseyLiam,"enjoyable and recommended, I would not be happy to pay more than a fiver as there is only about 5-8 hours of gameplay albeit good gameplay."
76561198013339688,Recommended,258520,15283556,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ginger Wookie,"Really liked the game, however the game itself did not take long to complete and I would have wanted more longevity.All in all a very good game and a fresh concept"
,Recommended,258520,15283696,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,AuntieWeasel,"Well! I'm glad I played that. The texturing was beautiful and the story kept me guessing until the very end. Then it made me sad.I admit, I had to resort to online playthroughs in a couple of spots -- I had no idea what the game wanted me to do. But I soon got used to the rhythm of it and finished without further hints.I'm not sure the story was quite as spectacular as the reviews indicated, but I walked away from the game still thinking through the plot. Well above average for a storytelling game."
,Recommended,258520,15286524,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,xALRock,A beautiful representation of a well thought narrative story.
76561198006704302,Recommended,258520,15207087,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,-=ETM=-Screamer,"I think this is a great game. It has a great story, challenging puzzles, great music and sound effects.The graphics are very good. The branches of the trees are very detailed as well as the water rushing down the slopes and rocks. The landscape views in the game make me feel at ease and relax.The music is dreamlike, like watching a movie about distant places.I also like the different puzzle solving styles. You also have some freedom in the game walking around.This game is a lot better than the standard point and click adventures.There is no need to have high reflexes, this game can be played at any pace.I think this game is well worth at least $15, I bought it during a discount.Some puzzles might be too difficult so maybe you can solve them together with a friend.The game crashed a few times, but luckily there is the autosave :)"
,Recommended,258520,15207426,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Skee-breh,The feels... this is a game worth playing. Need to make another one similar!
,Recommended,258520,15207501,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Donkeypunch,"beautiful game, really well made just not very long 3hrs tops and cant see me playing through again, id recommend this game just for the sheer looks of the game and the story is very good just like i said lacks length."
76561198009646291,Recommended,258520,15207729,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Alistear,"A decent game for the $12 I spent on it.   It brought back  memories of Myst with it's puzzles that required a little thought, experimentation, and exploration.  Much like Myst it also has stunning visuals for it's time.  REALLY stunning natural and atmosphiric visuals and a beautiful soundtrack.  What it has over Myst though is there is a level of creepiness at times that so many games try for and fail at.  It can get grousome at times though so be prepared for that.  If you find this game on sale and you enjoy games such as Myst you should definately pick it up.  Sadly though it is over fast, wraps up completely, and leaves you wishing there was more."
,Recommended,258520,15208563,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Warhead,"Amazing game! Graphics, sound, story - all of that really really great! And I defently recommend it for every Lovecraft fan, you'll like an atmosphere of this game."
76561198034385160,Recommended,258520,15209365,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ronzed,"This game is visually amazing.  The story is immersive, and extremely enjoyable.  Not many directions are given on how to play the game, which allows you to explore and figure things out for yourself, and not be strung along.  Unfortunately, if you figured it out relatively quickly like I did, you will be done with the game in 2.7 hours.  Still, I felt like the game was totally worth it."
76561198048747285,Recommended,258520,15209823,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,potspoyraz,I finnished this game in 3 hours. It was the best and the shortest book i have ever read.
76561198073710749,Recommended,258520,15210784,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Zeniansorcerer,"This is not a game. This is art, pure art. Each second of this game involves its player with amazing graphics and sounds through a very peculiar and unpredictable story. And as any piece of art, its meaning is difficult to be seen and guessed. Each player may have his own interpretation of what truly happened on Red Creek Valley and each player may be affected by it differently. I myself cried on the end when I realised what happened."
,Recommended,258520,15211579,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PurgeTheHeretic,"Ending was terrible, but a quality game up until that point."
76561197970992046,Recommended,258520,15212027,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,studioconcepts,"Best graphics to date. Extremely immersive. A unigue and engrossing game, once I startyed playing I didn't stop. A realistic setting with so much detail that it's hard to believe it's a game. I give The Vanishing of Ethan Carter 10 out of 10. I am so glad that I purchased this,  It made me forget about all the crappy games I've been wasting my money on.  I highly recommend this one. I might play this again just to  look and walk around."
,Recommended,258520,15452851,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Dhekin,"It reminds me of the original Mist.  First-person, atmospheric and story-driven.  The game has creepy supernatural elements and a sound track that builds tension and anxiety throughout the game.  Although seemingly peaceful,  you never feel safe.   The dev's approach to puzzles are refreshing.  There is a rationale behind each answer  (e.g. there are no combine every item in your inventory with every item) and there is never any hand holding for the player.  They just drop you into the semi-open world and you peice the clues together in at your own pace.   It's relatively short, but with satisfying ending."
76561198021565089,Recommended,258520,15237914,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SchnuVanSkaro,Eyegasmic 4K-Experience! :3
76561197971356290,Recommended,258520,15596077,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,alastair.kerr2,"One of the best games I have played this year. Original and unique in its use of past events for clues.The only problem I had was it was to short, Loved It Will Purchase any add ons that come out."
,Recommended,258520,15802220,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,WidescreenRules,"This is an amazing, gorgeous, thought-provoking game through and through. Some people have derided this as a ""walking simulator"", but that's only partially accurate as in there are many things that you don't need to find or experience in order to reach the end of the game. As such, it's only a ""walking simulator"" if you play it that way.Although the game was designed to be a ""no holding your hand"" type of game, this is both a benefit and a drawback. Not knowing what was going on led me to completely walk past two of the optional story pieces and almost past a third until I decided to watch one of the developers' videos. Only then did I realize that those things that I briefly looked at were actually puzzles that needed to be ""solved"". Again, they're not mandatory, but it still left me with a ""well, you could have at least told me about the first one"" feeling. That, however, goes against the ""no hand holding"" implementation.The main reason for the game is the story, which was fascinating to watch as it unfolded. It never fully explained what was going on and even the ending leaves room for some interpretation, but it kept me roped in with wanting to know what was going on. One section with jump scares that required stealth in order to stay away from a ""ghost miner"" felt very clichéd, but that was the only real negative with respect to content. Coming in at only a few hours, I found the story to be engaging and the comments about ""walking simulator"" to be slightly disingenuous.Additionally, this game looks GORGEOUS in stereoscopic 3D. (Water effects should be disabled, though.) The game is drawn in such a way that there is plenty of ""in front of the screen"" action, particuarly when walking through forests and especially when walking through the flower-covered glade near the end of the game. These section come alive in ways rarely experienced when played in 3D. If you have an NVIDIA card, I highly recommend turning 3D on when playing this. Just be careful of those jump scares, because the 3D is effective!It's a short game, but it's gorgeous and it's well worth the time as long as you can appreciate story over gameplay. You will likely be thinking about the ending for many days after playing it."
,Recommended,258520,15476845,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,samazingxd,"So I've never written a review before, but I had to for this game.I'm a huge fan of adventure/exploration/puzzle/etc games such as Myst, The Longest Journey, stuff like that, so I thought this game was friggin' fantastic. If you're looking for lots of action and killing things and such, go play something else. Long story short, if you like the same games as me, get this. Long story: I'll just break this into sections.Graphics10/10 This game is friggin' beautiful. Look through my screenshots for some maxed out graphics pictures. Everything is turned to high with view distance maxed as well, totally worth it! No lag either. Peoples' faces are a little weird looking, but I suppose that's because they have a weird face, not because the artists suck. Everything is seriously beautiful, just look at the pictures.Sounds10/10 I like games like this to have kind of minimal background noise, and this game has plenty of music, sound effects, and ambient sounds to keep it busy but not take away from the game itself. There were definitely sounds that added to the feel of the area too, creepy animal noises in the woods, rushing water, creaking boards in houses, wind, etc.Gameplay10/10 The controls are crazy simple: WASD to move, Shift to run, CTRL to crouch, Left Click to interact, Right Click to zoom (which I only used like twice), Q and E were used to scroll up and down between selections. The gameplay itself was much harder. It tells you right in the intro ""This game will not hold your hand,"" and that's not an understatement. There were key parts of the game that I literally missed because it tells you almost nothing about doing things in order or where to go next. So be prepared to either look things up or use your damn brain! The puzzles were interesting, not too hard, although some of them were very easy for me. Lots of walking, lots of very interesting narration, exploring every corner of everything to find everything. Definitely a game for me!Replayability6/10 If you're one of ""those people"" like me who finds everything there is to find on the first playthrough, you're probably going to have about as many hours as me (8.5), give or take a bit. Once you beat it and find everything, there's really no point to play it again. However, despite the almost disappointing length and lack of replayability, it is more than worth it.Story10/10 This story was intense, it was involving, it tugged at my heartstrings, it made me mad, and it made me cry (only a little). Now, I'm one of those people that gets almost too involved in everything I do, so I tend to feel significantly more towards fictional characters. So maybe you won't feel the same as me, but its worth a shot. Still an outstanding story, whether you cry or not.Overall100/100 Just buy the damn game.Also, if you played this and liked it, give Among The Sleep and/or Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons a try. Both emotional and amazing exploration/adventure kind of games, though very different. I played them out of Steam, otherwise I would write reviews -.-"
,Recommended,258520,15744315,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,TurtleFul,"One of my favourite games!After I first saw this game I was intrigued. However I did not expect this. I expected a good looking adventure game.HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got the most gorgeous game I have ever played! I mod skyrim and this looks better than skyrim moded to bits and it runs way better than any game that looks this good.Graphics 10/10This game is not just a real-life simulator. The story in this game is really good. People say that it is simple and predictable, but they forget that it is supposed to be written by a child. The story is very gripping and with the amazing graphics and sound design to back it up makes for a very atmospheric game. It kept me a tiny bit scared through the whole game even though this is not a horror game. Although I personally liked the story I felt that the characters were kind of distant except for Ethan. This might just be the implementation of the detective mechanic. Since you are trying to get to know these characters through visions and clues from the past it can be hard to portray characters in that way.Story: 8/10Over all a really good story driven game for everyone who enjoys a creepy vibe. Erned a permanent spot on my favorites list.9/10"
76561198052355727,Recommended,258520,15746550,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,m4tt.harrison,"This game gives me the Heebeejeebees, but it's so worth every second of it. It isn't that it is particularly terrifying, or that it has a lot of monsters in it, or anything like that. In fact, largely, the game is inhabited by me and the memories I come across, but the general ambience of the game, the music and the setting, all make you feel like something is going to just explode at you from out of a dark corner or behind a tree. The game has a lot of intricate and interesting puzzles, but it is very hands off, and requires you to do a lot of the snooping and work on your own. There are definitely things that could easily be missed, so keep searching around for every little detail."
,Recommended,258520,15747758,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Mundraubritter,"PRO:- One of the best looking games I have ever played- Let's you explore the world and story by yourself- Really good mystery atmosphere/story with an interesting ending- Innovative but not too difficult puzzlesCONTRA:- Crashed with a memory problem once, had to reduce texture quality.- Had several plotstopping bugs, for example examining the very first object in the game several times got me stuck on this item without an option to move and sometimes the item visions cancelled and I couldn't find the objects.- Rare checkpoints and no free saving which makes the bugs I had even worse.Overall I really enjoyed the experience I had with this game. This is really something special."
,Recommended,258520,15735968,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SnapbackAnt,A great fun game to kill time with. Not the longest game ever but it is an enjoyable ride from start to finish.
76561198064429173,Recommended,258520,15804539,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,RekparIII,Beautiful game. 10/10
,Recommended,258520,15809695,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,wellthatwasfun,"Few words to describe the game:SpookyChillyBeautifull in a poetic way...!!!!Its a game that stays with you for a long time even after u are done ..!!! 9/10  , would buy again"
76561198082783841,Recommended,258520,15853334,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hannibal,"A gorgeous, trippy experience. Short but sweet, I definitely recommend it."
76561198007344337,Recommended,258520,15853974,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Rambo,One of the best looking games out there
,Recommended,258520,15904237,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Hanna,"Ett pussel-crime-spel i vacker miljö med bra grafik.Det är som ett mer interaktivt ""Dear Ester"". Längre story och du får lösa pussel. De har även tagit med den värsta skräckdelen ur spelet ""Penumbra"". Jag upplevde att pusslena ibland var lite väl svåra, dvs artefakterna var inte helt logiska.Jag gillar dock att man själv får lista ut händelseförloppen kring morden.Jag ger spelet 6/10 (bra musik, bra story, bra grafik)"
76561197972535357,Recommended,258520,15909412,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RedLetters,"First off this game is beautiful; it really helps to immerse you into the story. The game only took me 2.5 hours to complete, and has a slight learning curve to it. It is really fun and entertaining to solve murders and I would definitely recommend it to a friend."
,Recommended,258520,15701843,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,eLzii,"Mysterious, captivating, and intriguing -- all the things a game should have. This game does not hold your hand, you have to figure things out like you would in the real world. Very interesting plot and absolutely beautiful graphics. It's a little bit short, and you can easily get through it in one sitting -- but its very much worth it."
76561198060204661,Recommended,258520,15618498,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheCommonCold85,"A great game with an interesting story. Definitely a thinker that lingers afterwards, much like a good thoughtful movie. Mind you, this can be a confusing adventure game involving some challenging puzzles; you are left to solve the puzzles in your own order, which can make following the story & interpreting the ending more difficult. However, half the fun is coming to your own conclusions.Overall, highly recommended. The game does not hold your hand, and for that I applaud it."
,Recommended,258520,15722048,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,I need to stop buying games that make me cry at the end
,Recommended,258520,15723193,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kreations,"Beautiful graphics, creative puzzles, nice story, creepy atmosphere."
76561197970514742,Recommended,258520,15863766,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,merovign,"Pros:1) Great atmosphere and mood2) Terrific graphics3) Wonderful music4) Small ""side stories"" are delightful5) Puzzle-solving mechanic is creativeCons:1) Too passive, no actual choices, less adventure and more guided cinema2) Too linear - you can kind of do things out of order, but nowhere near as ""open"" as advertised3) If you're going to copy story tropes, copy good ones - uses a couple of *really* cliched plot devices4) Too much traveling for such a short gameAt first I was delighted, and then I was frustrated, and then I was disappointed - and that was all about 5 hours. I give this just the barest of thumbs-up, but definitely buy it on sale. I said the discovery mechanic was creative, and it is, but it's still too close to the ""hidden object"" mechanic that has washed over the adventure genre and turned it into a puzzle genre.I don't think it actually has any replay value. Look for it at $5 or so. The graphics and music are *really* beautiful."
,Recommended,258520,15881260,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Guabuellaitor Of Djitsunu,Love the look. Love the story line. Just wish there was more.
76561198013817185,Recommended,258520,18270419,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,phantasmag[DHZ],"WOW.  Expertly crafted.  Scary and beautiful.  Absolutely engaging all the way through.  This is the kind of game you think about for days after, like a good movie.  I kept thinking about what would happen next while I was at work.  Brooding and atmospheric.  Soooo gooood.  Play it at night with headphones, and allow yourself to become immersed.  Superlative.PS: Game time on steam does not reflect actual time played."
,Recommended,258520,18331133,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,mr K,"Short, but so packed with quality that it is completely worth it. Outstanding graphics and great story. Absolutely a must."
76561198049255408,Recommended,258520,18311811,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Irish Aido,"Superb game. Not a huge amount I can say about the game that hasn't already been said. Some nice features in the free update too. It runs more smoothly without changing the story line.Stunning graphics, beautiful soundtrack and I feel that this game has set a very interesting standard for games to come. Hopefully later games will be longer, but that has already been touched upon.It sort of reminded me of Jacob's Ladder for some reason. Not sure if others got that buzz. Anyway, a must buy in my opinion."
,Recommended,258520,18341782,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mearii,MIND♥♥♥♥♥at the end... that's all~~ though solving it is really fun and interesting.. played this for a day xD
,Recommended,258520,18297243,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ray->,I love how the game leaves it up to you.  This is a true figure it out yourself game.
,Recommended,258520,17015774,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Del Mingus,"This is actually quite an interesting game. You emerge from a train tunnel in the beginning into a forested area and its up to you to figure out what you have to do with little knowledge of whats going on. The game doesn't hand hold you through it (and it warns you off this before you start the game). The games story is drip fed to you by completing puzzles.The games world is beautiful with the game set in an open forested area near a dam. The atmosphere is brilliant as well with a consistent tense and creepy feeling that goes right to the end. I wont reveal much else about the game as honestly the less you know going in the better the experience.My one big criticism is the save system. You can't manually save in this game it just auto-saves at infrequent intervals. The first time i played i played for half an hour, turned it off and found it hadn't saved when i loaded it up again.That one criticism aside this is pretty good game if you're looking for a game with a lot of mystery and atmosphere.EDIT: Seems like the save issue has been remedied with the new ""redux"" version so disregard my criticism for the save system."
76561198040940701,Recommended,258520,15657515,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,thylacine221,"I think short games have a lot requested of them. Even when they have great graphics and music - which this game does - there's a demand for very powerful storyline or gameplay. I agree with the comments that it is an atmospheric game, and even though I started to pick up on the reasons for Ethan Carter's disappearance before I reached the end, it made the stranger parts of the game make more sense in the narrative as a whole.At the heart of this game is a tale that makes you better understand people like Ethan, which is truly what storytelling is about. There are some creative puzzles to work out, and the mystery you investigate keeps you engaged for the brief stay that this game has."
76561198175539174,Recommended,258520,14786559,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Tidiestbowl,"The Graphics of this game are absolutely spectacular. I spent somewhere around two hours of playing this game just looking around at scenery because it just looked so amazing. The only thing that I wish is that the game was a little longer, but other than that I have no complaints at all."
,Recommended,258520,14788102,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dezarect,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was gorgeous, in terms of visuals, audio, and story.  It manages to take a story that's familiar (and even a bit cliched), and turns it on its head.  The characters are well put together, and the music is haunting.  And good God, the screenshots you'll want to take along the way.  Would strongly recommend."
76561198033416983,Recommended,258520,14793386,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kaxa,"The most graphically beautiful game I have played to date !  Loved all of it, but would have changed the ending of the game.Will re-visit the game just to walk around & take in the beauty of the environments."
,Recommended,258520,14917484,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,clint,"Although I never even had the chance to finish the game due to time constraints, I do recommend ""The Vanishing..."" to fans of exploration / adventure games. It's a nice change to the usual adventures released nowadays, presenting you a wonderful landscape to be explored.While the overall presentation will give a good feeling of immersion, it's also one of the biggest cons of the game. It's simply void of anything to interact with. It's beautiful, but dead and therefore empty space. Basically you'll end up walking predefined paths without having to worry about missing anything vital. Another con is the rather limited playtime: Despite aborting the game at some point we've been pretty close the end and that after about 4 hours. That's not really what I expect to get after spending twenty Euros.So if it's on sale and you have a knack for slow paced exploration, grab it."
,Recommended,258520,14983673,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mp1380,"Visually stunning game with an interesting story line.  Game play was short, 100% after 4 hours, but kept me interested the entire time.  This is a puzzle game that doesn't hold your hand, but don't let that discourage you as everything was laid out in a way that you are bound to reach the correct conclusion.  The only real con I had was that I experienced some instances where frames would drop dramatically."
76561198025864014,Recommended,258520,14977069,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,cyborgsniper,This is not your usual game. there is no shooting or fighing its mainly a puzzle game that is atmospheric and strange. Over all great game play but it is a VERY short game. Over all 10/10 pick it up if its on sale.
,Recommended,258520,14977132,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,tommasodb,"Beautiful to look at and not trivial puzzles, but the save system is beyond my comprehension. Definitely worth the money though."
76561198042170852,Recommended,258520,15515052,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,marliese.esch,"What started as a spooky sort of thrilling crime story, turned out to be the saddest game I ever played. The end left me crying and hoping that there will be more games from ""The Astronauts"""
76561197999978853,Recommended,258520,15407007,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,rich,I would recommend the game for the visuals but be warned - THIS GAME IS BROKEN!There is a word puzzle near the end of the game to which there is NO CLUE.After some time combing the surrounding area I finally gave up and looked this up.You are supposed to get the option to inspect the puzzle and thereby access the clue but it didn't work for me.I only get the option to rotate the spheres.I even reloaded to check this and the inspect interaction just doesn't appear.This means that you cannot get the clue which means that this puzzle is unsolvable except by going through every one of the approx' 700+ possible combinations - how much fun would that be?If like me you find that the inspect interaction doesn't come - just look it up - it's the sane option.
76561198071702096,Recommended,258520,15496183,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,uiydsw,"Great game! I've previously played Dear Esther, Gone Home, Murdered Soul Suspect, and Ethan Carter has elements that remind me of those. The story is very well written, I dig the ""no hand holding"" but I needed the help from a friend to understand the touch mechanic. I recommend playing the game by yourself (yeah, without youtube), because doing so will make you wander through the world, and this is a beautifully crafted world.I finished the game two days ago and I am still thinking about it."
,Recommended,258520,15444813,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bastardo,"It's a beautiful game, but a little expensve. If you see it in a discount the 4-5 hours playing worth every cent."
76561198076587335,Recommended,258520,15426581,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,bujablaster,"Beatuiful and strong story-driven-adventure-walking-simulator. This is Dear Esther^16. This is simply game to remember.Beautiful in all of aspects. Story, execution, level design, music and overall atmosphere are JUST BEAUTY.Nothing was obviously done in hurry, devs took their time with everything.Most stunning is graphics with such level of natural realism. Everything looks and feels real and is done in sort of natural way. Nothing is ""overdone"" or ""not finished"". Every single leaf or grass straw has its natural place in this game. I can imagine i could get lost in such game for and ages with some sort of VR set :). And it is very hard to find place without beautiful view, even in deep forest :). This game literally pushed me to visit and search every pixel of its world by its atmosphere and beauty.Pros:- graphics and level design (both exteriors and interiors)- nice and strong atmosphere- music- story (i was curious about ending since very beginnig) and way of storytelling- perfect technical state, nothing glitches, no bugs, no pop-ins in graphics assets- loveable puzzlesCons:- MAYBE? lenght? Finishing game with all achievements took about 5 hours. I can imagine twice or more as long main story. But game is still 10/10 for me even with such lenght, because in those 5 hours i felt lost and soaked in Creek Valley as it was for my whole life :).- i found most of investigations odd. I loved way of investigations in L.A. Noire and even in Murdered:Soul Suspect (which had pretty odd investigations too) was maybe sort of more understandable than here.ConclusionIf you do love peaceful games wyth mystery and strong atmosphere where everything is perfectly done in both technical and art way, go for this game. If you do love being soaked deep into game and its story, go for this game. But be warned - there is really a lot of walking, simply walking and doing nothing, just being there. Don't get me wrong - there is a lot interactivity, but most of time this game is about walking and thinking about story and soaking up strong atmosphere."
,Recommended,258520,15445833,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,jimmyhazard,"Walk around, solve some ghost bouncer crimes by looking at some ghost things. Look at some other things that are not ghost things that are also really pretty. Bang it out in a night. Good short game with a solid story ghost story tying it all together.Made by some of the same team who made profanity-bursting creatine-pounding Bulletstorm?Yes to all of it."
,Recommended,258520,15564677,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Random,"Beautiful game, interesting story, easy to follow."
76561198191956110,Recommended,258520,15583369,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Silverfawn31,This game was brilliant! Coudn't stop playing and visually it was beautiful!
76561198020348424,Recommended,258520,18555642,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zeyshi,"Looks beautiful.The story is great.The gameplay is hardly the strongpoint of this game, but it gets the job done.Definitely in my top 10"
,Recommended,258520,14702706,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"OpinionI didn't like the original Ethan Carter game; I tried the ""Redux"" version after a comment on my original thumbs down review (Thanks milkfat).  I really enjoyed the Redux version.  The developers fixed the poor save system and improved the already amazing graphics.  If you buy the Vanishing of Ethan Carter you will get both version of the game.  See this explanation fromthe developer.The story is awesome, the graphics are incredible, the gameplay is fun.The game is very hard, and I missed a couple puzzles and was really confused so I found asteam guideto help when I was stuck.  Yeah, its cheating, but it made the game fun for me and I probably wouldn't have beaten the game without it.ProsAmazing graphicsVery cool story, if anyone doesnt believe video games are a serious form of art they need to play this gameGood ambient soundThe variety of puzzles is nice, but the core murder solving system is excellent144hz monitor support, good graphics settingsNo game breaking bugs.  The game did crash once during play, but the auto save system worked well enough that I wasn't far off.Runs over 100fps easily on an i5 4670 and GTX 980 on UltraConsI would still prefer a manual save system, but atleast the auto save system worksIt's easy to miss a puzzle on accidentThe game is very hard, but that may not be a con for all usersOld ReviewPros:-Really awesome graphics-Weird quirky stuff all aroundCons-Save system commits you to playing for long stretches of time-Very easy to completley miss whole sections of the game if you move too fastThis game is probably only for serious fans of mystery style games.  But the save system litterally made it unplayable because I have no choice but to forfiet what little progress has been made if I cannot solve a chapter in one sitting.  Any gamer with a 1 year old will understand the challenge presented."
76561198150227276,Recommended,258520,18674233,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Matty B,"A fantastic gaming experience. The graphics in this Unreal 3 Engine game are beautiful and first class. The use of Photometric 3D model capture has produced amazingly stunning graphics, with rocks covered in unique non-repeating textures. Buildings, railing, muddy paths and bundles of wood are all visual treasures to experience. The game itself, is a series of puzzles to solve. From piecing together the order of a sequence of time or chasing after a teleporting spaceman. Do yourself a favour and add this game to your games library. You wont regret it. As an added bonus, if your PC is up to spec. I highly recommend you play the newly redone Unreal 4 Redux version. It is hard to believe it but the amazing graphics in the UE3 game have been topped by this one. The textures are even more rich and detailed. There is an option to double the texture res to 200% and the contrast and sharpness is second to none. Like I have already said. Get Ethan Carter and enjoy this visual puzzle game feast."
,Recommended,258520,18689419,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HawaiianCoffee,This game has a lot of great visual details. Some of the voice acting isn't that great. Game play was fun. having to replay parts because the autosave made it very tedious and frustrating. I guess it was fixed in the redux version because it autosaves a lot more frequently though was confused because the description described redux as a totally different game. they seem exactly the same to me... the first few parts of it anyway because I gave up on the first version. If the redux is exactly the same as the first then I see why the autosave was the way it was. It was a very short game and the whacky autosave made it seem like it was longer.
,Recommended,258520,18628725,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,asanoryo,"What an experience... No fighting or real action but instead a realistic first person experience that is really quite extraordinary! It is a little short lived, perhaps only a few hours to play through but I would highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,258520,17871419,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Corak the Mysterious,"This game is excellent. If you took the crime scene investigation from L.A. Noire and plopped into Dear Esther, you'd have this game. One important point: it is possible to miss huge parts of this game. You can practically walk all the way through the end. So take your time, investigate each area, explore lots, and watch as a dark, engaging story unfurls before you."
76561198142234952,Recommended,258520,17885631,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,cwaters0320,"If you enjoy a great story, solving intriguing puzzles, or falling in love with the aesthetic detail a game can provide then here is where your heart may rest. I couldn't get enough, once I began I instantly fell in love with a beautifully rich environment and a mystery that grabs a hold of you from beginning to end. I must say I wasn't on the edge of my seat most of the time rather I was busy cowering at some points in the lowest portion of my seat praying that whatever horrible thing that I knew must certaintly be lurking behind the next corner wouldn't have his evil way with me hahaha. Long story short if you have any interest in this title at all buy it, within the first minute you'll know the meaning of money's worth. 10/10"
,Recommended,258520,18076471,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nic_Nelson,"This game is absolutely beautiful. Definately worth it. The atmosphere is so easy to get emursed in. If this game ever came out on VR, it would definately be a deal maker for me to one"
,Recommended,258520,18077666,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Vellah,"I wrote a review and lost it. So I'll just say that this game is fantastic and well worth the asking price.If you go in expecting it to be a typical ""game"" with typical ""game"" features then you might be dissapointed, go play call of duty.I recommend playing this game at night, with the lights off, headphones on, no walkthroughs, no hints, and just keep trying if you get stuck. The graphics are stunning, the fact that what I can only assume is a smaller team of devs put this together so well is impressive.  Gorgeous visuals with no loading screens and excellent optimization.  The soundtrack is equally as striking and beautiful as the visual aesthetics, and slighty haunting just as well.The storytelling is pretty unique, I for one find it to my liking.  Plays with ambiguity, uses methods other than dialogue to convey itself, and strong metaphor.Do yourself a favor, chillout and give the game a try, I think you'll be glad you did."
76561197971252326,Recommended,258520,18127320,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,spaceman spork,"Well, it was kind of annoying downloading this game and then finding out there's a Redux version but that's neither here nor there.  So if you're wondering if I beat it with the puny amount of time it said I played it, I did, but I beat it with the Redux version and I'm posting a review on the normal version because it won't let me write a review for the redux.Positives: Beautiful looking game but more importantly a very interesting story.  I really enjoyed it.Negatives: I have two big negatives.  The first is somewhat intentional.  The game tells you there's no ""hand holding"", which kind of sucks early on because you have no idea what you're supposed to do.  You walk around a fairly large map and you might come across something.  Or you might not.  If you do it might say ""Sense"" but nothing happens.  What does that mean?  I have (well had) no idea.  For example, I wish the first part would've just said ""Not enough... I need more clues before I can fully sense this.  They must be around here somewhere.""You see something interesting and inspect it.  Words come out (thoughts; really neat), but then words start flying out in repitition.  What does that mean?Meh.  I appreciate the attempt to not ""hand hold"" but it would be nice if things made a little more sense.  Because of the lack of ""hand holding"" you could easily move on when you're not finished.  You might not have a clue you were ""done"" or not only to find out in the end you didn't finish (but luckily it allows you to go back to finish things).But that leads me to major problem #2.  Wandering around until you come across something.  They make the maps a little too large for item hunting IMO.  There's parts where you can walk a fair ways out and there's nothing there.  And that's kind of neat in a way, but also very annoying in a way (sucks to find out you were combing a large area for... nothing or walking a long distance only to realize you shouldn't go there yet).Some game examples of this (no spoilers don't worry):You need to find the 5 traps in the first part.  I didn't realize this was how the game worked; I only found 3 and moved on.  Later, I returned to find the other traps.  One I found relatively quickly, the other took me forever.There was also this part where the puzzle required you to explore a secondary location first.  I spent a LONG time trying to figure out the key to the puzzle until I finally looked at the walk through and found out I was supposed to visit another location further down and map that location out first.  D'oh.In the end though, I quite enjoyed the game.  It had a fantastic atmosphere and a very interesting way of story telling.   Play if you like occult style mystery stories.  Dont' play if you want action."
76561198071204494,Recommended,258520,18704243,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,poimoiyoi,"short but sweet. if you have not played do not read or watch any reviews with spoilers as the entire game is about the visual and story experience. immerse yourself in a paranormal detective story as you are pulled along by both the stunning visuals and intruiging story. harkens back to the days of myst adventures where you become a part of the world and are not completely spoon fed on where to go and what to interact with which in turn leads to more immersion and enjoyment. only downside is there is little replayability once you have experienced it but; you will probably spend more money watching crap hollywoood films with one time viewing quality and feel disappointed when you can spend relatively the same amount on this and feel much more satisfied with visauls, story, and immersion."
,Recommended,258520,18728406,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,FusterCluckie,"The scenery in this game is absolutely amazing. I loved how the story unfolded. But as many have said, it really took me a while of walking around and searching in order to actually figure out what I was doing and where I was going. Would have been a bit nicer if they informed you a little bit harder on what you were looking for.Still a fun game to go back and play."
76561198041920721,Recommended,258520,18754582,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BananaGator,So beautiful and intriguing
76561198117321814,Recommended,258520,18759077,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,dung fu,"This game made me experienced feelings that i can really not comprehend, this game has the most stunning soundtrack ive ever heard in any video game, the graphics are just simply beautiful and the story and puzzles are amazing, what this game made me feel recreates my childhood nostolga, it really takes me back. 10/10 thank you so much for making this Astronaughts."
,Recommended,258520,18757737,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kynsho,"Nifty little game.  The price tag is a bit high considering dollars-to-entertainment, compared to what we've come to expect, but overall I have to recommend this.  I got it on a Steam Sale at $6.00 and was not at all disappointed for the 5 hours it gave me. However, when I consider that this may be a brain-child for future endeavors, and think that this idea is a test-drive for future titles, I think, ""Well, let's see how far they can run with this,"" and that makes the price fair.You play in first-person as a paranormally-gifted investigator who is resolving a weird case involving a town that is basically abandoned except for a family that is killing itself off as a result of mysterious ""force"" prompting weird behaviour from within that family.  The plot and theme unfold as it goes, and this is one of those adventure games where you could watch it as a movie and feel satisfied afterwards.In the process of going through the game, you investigate murder scenes, and you - the protagonist - have the ability to commune with the dead. In order to do so, however, you must reconstruct the clues and environments that led to that death. Having constructed the clues and ""recreated"" the moments before the death, you then have to determine the order of events. When you can do that, the story of ""that death"" is revealed, and in the telling of ""that death"" you get a better insight of the whole of the plot of the arching story.It is a really great and new idea in adventure gaming and murder-mystery solving premise, and the way it's implemented is novel. Throughout the pieces of the puzzles you are challenged, with no hands-held, to work it out on your own. The puzzles, if you don't use an online strategy guide, will keep you guessing. At least some of them. By the end, you (or at least, I felt) will feel like you were part of the story.Amazing graphics. There were a few times I turned a corner or walked through a ""path"" and had to call my wife over to admire the ""unreal"" engine. The soundtrack is great. The voice acting is more than sufficient. By the time I was done, which was all-too-soon, I felt the 5 hours I spend was well-worth the sale price.A few gripes: There is no ""auto-run"" feature, and much of the game involes running around trying to find the next ""death"" scene. No hand-holding at all is fine, but it was about like playing Crysis where you can spend hours just crawlling through the forest wondering if something is going to happen. Having to hold ""shift+W"" got old really quick.Also, there are no clues to point you into the next direction. Once you solve a ""murder,"" nothing says, ""Go here next,"" so of the 5 hours I spent playing this many minutes were spent randomly wandering the landing hoping I didn't miss something. I get that--showcase the graphic engine, extend the length of the average playthrough--but some sort of ""go here next"" system would have been appreciated.Minor gripes aside, a great little adventure that I highly recommend if you get it on sale,  If you appreciate a good murder mystery, adventure game with intellectual puzzles, or even just an arching good story. Hopefully,  the Astronauts will keep up the skeer."
76561198073122344,Recommended,258520,14457967,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tallus the Bard,"Though the game took me not too long to complete, I was thoroughly satisfied. If you're like me, then you enjoy a good mystery, and this game has exactly that. Use your paranormal abilites to sense the presence of ghosts and find out what happened to Ethan Carter. Explore the beautiful world created in the game, and completely immerse yourself into the environment. For best use, I suggest putting in some good earphones, and turning off the lights. Make sure this is all you're doing, because you need to focus. There are many clues along the way that will help you later on, and it just adds to the whole detective thing. Amazing amazing game! Very well done. Every now and then I found my self actually just looking at the screen, not moving. The beauty of the game caught my eye so many times. A must play!"
,Recommended,258520,14458761,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Paregmenon,"For the price, it's very short. But it's definitely a wonderful game. Very pretty and the story is solid and interesting. It's primarily a walking simulator type game (think Stanley Parable) with a few fairly simple story puzzles. I got it for 50% off and it's definitely worth it at $10. Don't know if it'd be worth buying for $20. Keep in mind you're only going to get 4-6 hours out of this game."
76561197994346040,Recommended,258520,14458873,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Daekard,"An incredible game, with stunning visuals, and an engaging narative.  Despite being very short, the ending provides a great sense of satisfaction.Take your time to explore and fully appreciate the story. The sense of mystery and melancholy is incredible, and is a real testament to the skills of the developers."
76561198015428870,Recommended,258520,14460290,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ash,"Visually, this is the most incredible product of life-like assets and environment design I have ever seen in a video game.The Game Mechanics were challanging at the begining, but began to become too familar towards the end. Overall about a 5 hour story (unless you sprint through this game) if you finish all stories. Overall a weird and interesting game that reminds me of a better done Dear Esther with actual game mechanics. Is already on my top 3 games of this year. Get this game if you like great art assets, beautifull environments, quality voice acting and a short but sweet experience."
,Recommended,258520,14427974,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Serial Sax Offender,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, a gripping story that will surprise you over and over again. I like the way how you slowly uncover the mysteries in the game. The world and the graphics are beautiful, the music is amazing and most of the voice acting is more than OK.Even though it's kind of an open world with no hints, I still completed this game in around 4 hours, in which I spent maybe 1 of them trying to figure out where I was supposed to go next. This might make the game seem a bit too short, but honestly, I'm satisfied. The game doesn't cost that much anyway.8/10"
,Recommended,258520,14428091,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,gr2y,nice
76561197995283788,Recommended,258520,14429681,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Real_DF,"Not the longest game, but absolutely beautiful!"
76561198112600914,Recommended,258520,14430267,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,⛲άΏɖⲨ⛅,"...Wow..just an awesome game. I'm 3hrs in & couldn't ask for more from a game. Beautiful & original. Just don't read guides, how to's or other peoples insights.  Just discover everything for yourself, this is an essential element part of this game... & you won't be disappointed :-)"
,Recommended,258520,14431531,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mikylovejoy,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter begins with a title card saying, “This game is a narrative experience that will not hold your hand”. It isn’t kidding. You enter the game’s world with a journey along train tracks through a tunnel, where the protagonist Paul Prospero – a detective with supernatural abilities – talks about a letter he has received from Ethan, who has apparently seen things no child should. With that, you are left in a forest to begin your journey.The game world is enormously and beautifully open. The environment is gorgeous, redolent of an American mountain state. Detailed landscapes stretch as far as the eye can see, with forests on rocky cliffs dropping away to open water, covered in a blanket of mist and bathed in an eerie perpetual sunset. I had to turn the graphics levels down to avoid toasting my computer, but the view remained breathtaking and the detail – on leaves, rocks and even the peeling paintwork of an old train – still looked crisp. Developer, The Astronauts, has created an exquisite environment that works across a wide range of machine specifications.The soundtrack creates a spell-binding environment, too, with a beautiful, yet sinister score. Subtle shifts in the music reflect your passage across the landscape, with phrases reminiscent of a music box from a horror film building the tension and making the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. With no birdsong or noises other than your footsteps, coupled with the fact that this is a first-person game – without the floating hands or gun that often accompany this perspective – you feel entirely isolated. This is a place, you imagine, where something has gone very wrong.Supernatural sightAs a supernatural detective, Paul uses the things he’s discovered to assemble clues and see a psychic vision of what has happened. Key items have “inspect” hovering above them, at which point Paul’s thoughts will float as text across the screen. If you’re searching for an item, turning around until the letters merge into one solid word reveals the direction the item is in and shows you a psychic vision of its location – a mechanic that took a little time to uncover.When you build up clues, certain objects show you “memories” of what has taken place overlayed in an eerie blue tone over the “real” world, beginning as a tiny fragment and building as you collect clues to fully transport you to the scene. This then shows you snapshots of characters frozen in time which you must arrange in the correct order for a cut scene revealing more of the story. It’s an unusual and haunting way of leading you through the narrative.The game’s lack of handholding and huge environment meant I found it very easy to crash around without the foggiest idea where I was supposed to be going or what I was looking for. I restarted a couple of times after realising I had missed a key part of one of the puzzles that meant I had failed to create the memory scene. However, the open world format means the game won’t penalise you for missing parts and on my first attempt I arrived in the final area without having actually finished any of the puzzles. This means it’s quite a short game but the beauty is working through the story and piecing together what happened in this desolate landscape. The save points occur infrequently at what seem like quite arbitrary moments, so I had to keep pushing on to try to find the next section of a puzzle to get the game to save. Once it had saved, it did seem to have a quirk in that it remembered where I was but didn’t seem to think I had assembled various parts of the puzzle, so I had to trot round and do them again.Overall, this is an ethereal and haunting work that left me constantly on edge. Its beauty lies in its hands-off approach, confronting you with a mystery and leaving you to discover fragments of clues which build together to reveal the story. It’s a mystery game, rather than horror – but when a jump scare did happen, it certainly lived up to that phrase.If you want to be free to make your own way through an intriguing narrative in gorgeous surroundings, this subtle, melancholy game is for you. / Totally agree with theguardian (UK) 90|100/  Must have!"
76561198027652427,Recommended,258520,14429846,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,"SeansEastCoast ""Marlboro Jr""",I feel bad for everyone who doesnt buy and play this game through. Its been so long since a single player game captivated my time and mind. 10/10 beautiful game
,Recommended,258520,14447639,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,pacoCasares,"V of Ethan Carter is one of the most immersive and atmostpheric games that I have ever played. The graphics are also one of the most realistic games I have ever seen, and the amount of times it has given me goosebumbs... I had to have a break to reflex on my disbelief on how atosnishing the game is. I am a junior environment artist for games, and this is witchcraft. I know they have used 3d scaning methods. But they have gone way further than that with the artstyle and feel. This is a game that will hold close to my favourite list because it has an tremendous amount of thought. I shall keep a very close eye to the next game from The Astronauts, or the studio them selves."
,Recommended,258520,14448326,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,philxtreme,"Intelligent storytelling, beatiful design, immersive environments, thoughtful pacing, mature scripting and a majestic score come together to form one of 2014's best games. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,258520,14449649,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,crcruz3,Really good.
,Recommended,258520,14576067,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CHIEVE JOBS 汽 波 煙 食,"This game is beautiful, haunting and filled to the brim with atmosphere. Some decent puzzles that are pretty much perfect when it comes to difficulty. The length of the game is also pretty much perfect as it doesn't overstay its welcome and leaves you wisihing for a sequel or similiar game from this studio. The graphics are also breathtaking. Some of the set piece moments were incredible aswell. I can't really complain about anything except one minor, minor thing. At a certain point in the game there was a ""jump-scare"" that absolutely scared the everliving crap out of me since the rest of the game is so quite and slow paced. It might not even be a complaint since it got me so good but it felt out of place. Nothing major but look out for it you are interested in buying this game. Overall it's one of my favorite games of 2014. Buy it!"
76561198008900293,Recommended,258520,14643230,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jasper,"This was a great game. I played all the way through, and was satisfied. *Spoilers* The ending is sad, but it can be interpreted two ways, either life or death."
,Recommended,258520,14481255,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,roromaster,An undenfied flying game :)Great atmosphere and beautiful graphicsI recommand it if you want to discover something different :)
,Recommended,258520,14481609,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,captonsnake,"Definantly Worth the $10 I spent on it. Sure its not a long game, but the story is impressive."
76561198120183359,Recommended,258520,14484313,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,chiewling.lee,"It can be challenging to write a glowing review without giving away spoilers or too much details.Because all I want to do now is rave about this game and share my analysis. xDI totally love the open-ended finishing that leaves room for interpretation.The Good:+ It's an immersive, explorative experience that you won't want to miss because of the stunning world - beautifully made. It reminds me of our real world that is also as breathtaking as this reel one :)+ Puzzles are neither too simple nor difficult to advance the story - which means you get to enjoy the plot without the frustration at solving them yet there're still some challenges for the player+ Suitable for people who want to try games of first-person view+ You get the feels and you might even get to identify yourself or others with the characters in the game+ Lovecraftian-ish horrorAreas for Improvements:- Crashes and hangs in full screen mode and high graphics options. Maybe it's just me and my laptop. I'm running on 16GB RAM and NVIDIA GEFORCE GT 650M 2GB. In the end,I switched to run the game in 1600 x 900 resolution, medium texture detail and smoothed 60fps max. I want to say despite this, it doesn't really diminish my enjoyment of the game.- Save system. You have to complete a scene, in order the game is saved. Otherwise, any progress between your last saved part and where you want to stop will be lost. I would think it will be nice to have a save option instead."
76561197988261569,Recommended,258520,14488534,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,itburnsburnsburns,"Beautiful landscape. Deep, dark story. Unfortunately a bit short as soon as you figure out the game mechanics."
76561198125969197,Recommended,258520,14488885,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ingocastilho,"This game is a work of art. Everything from graphics to sound effects is absolutely mesmorizing. Although a bit short it is none the less an amzing game. I found my self pulled into the game, its that atmospheric. At times i would stop and just stare at the beutiful scenery, the beutiful sun set, the crystal cleat water. Highly recommend it be played at full settings, trully a beutiful world. The story line is well writen, although again, short. Its at the most a 10 hour game. If your good with puzzles then you can finish it faster, otherwise its between 10-15 hours max. However its only 20 bucks, more then worth it in my opinion. The ending is a bit....dissapointing yet unique.Do not buy if your looking for a gun shooting detective, this is not an action game, it is however an amazing puzzle/detective/mystery game."
76561198056091005,Recommended,258520,15315091,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,noeybee,"I wish there was more. Great style, smooth play, in depth story, great twists. Just not enough to it for me. I want more detective games like this!"
76561197972578717,Recommended,258520,15302617,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Bundu,Played it. Liked it. Good.
,Recommended,258520,15304726,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Marshall,This game is quite unique. a bit vague but still cool and very beautiful....worth it for the scenery alone if your pc can handle ultra graphics mode.
,Recommended,258520,15308167,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,[CK] Sitheps,"This game is all about discovering a story, it is hard to go into detail without ruining the game for others since it´s about discovering these things for yourself that really matters.Graphics:The graphics are among the best optimized I have ever seen in any game, the level design is just mindblowing. I have not seen or experienced such beutifully crafted pixels. It just blew me away, I use a GTX 780 Nvidia and it ran smooth as butter, it has also ruined me, because I will compare every games´graphics and levep design to this one, and I fear I will be disappointed a hundred times over befor I experience something like this again.Sound:As close as you can get perfection without having an army of sound enginners and a studio the size of Hamburg. Very impressive, the sound and music does exactly what it is supposed to, enhance the athmosphere and cause a sense of nostalgia, mystery & looming doom. trully beatifull and worth being part of anyones playlist.Gameplay:It is all about discovering stuff, so if you only like shooters or hack&slash RPG, this is prolly not for you, but if you love a good mystery, discovering things or just graphics & music, you´ll love it.Final Verdict:9/10- could have earned a solid 10/10 IF the game had been a bit longer, but it did not overstay it´s welcome like many games do, and I felt a sense of loss when I realised the journey through this game was over. Fantastic game, worth every cent.That said I will watch the developers: The Astronauts (a Polish game indie company no less) very closely in the future."
76561198005807343,Recommended,258520,15257326,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Pentregarth,"If anyone ever asks you for proof that videogames are an art form, show them this game."
76561198008991328,Recommended,258520,15257651,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Bookoowookoo,What happens now?Another story kid. what else?
,Recommended,258520,15242875,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[SaS]TillBGoode,"Well I completed it in less than 3.5 hours, to me is short. Saying that I bought it on discount and would say it is well worth it. I only had one issue with it and it is really insignificant at the end of the day, when looking over the amazing views I could't help but notice a lot of trees were the same model, it just stuck out to me. Ohh I guess I had a second, you get too much help in the game really.The level design is great, visually great and an amazing atmosphere to it also. Story side of it is very good, I needed to get some things done round my house but I was too glued to do anything."
,Recommended,258520,15243314,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,kat rackham,"Pretty and clever, just like my mom says I am."
,Recommended,258520,15244856,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Russo,What Dear Esther should have been.
,Recommended,258520,15212728,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,gort,7/10 kinda gay
76561197966978961,Recommended,258520,15212999,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sting.Ray,"I've never written a review before, but I felt like the indie developers of this game deserve one. I was very impressed with the talent and attention to detail that went into this game. Worth every dollar spent."
76561198001867007,Recommended,258520,15214762,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[TBM]TheJackal,"One of the most moving, beautiful and haunting games I have ever played. The game is deep and many layered, and it will stick with you for a long time afterward.The game isn't for everyone, but if you are the kind of person who loves to dig deeply into a story, who pays attention to detail, and who thinks outside the box, this is likely a game you'll enjoy.Overall, WELL worth the $8.99 I paid for it on sale! Thanks Steam! :D"
76561198050099174,Recommended,258520,15216953,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,roop298,"7/10As a demonstration of how little gameplay is required to make an engaging 'game'  Ethan Carter scores. It's moody, creepy and full of atmoshpere.  Helped by superb graphics (I would imagine you'd need a fairly hefty GPU to make the most of it) and a large roaming area.That said, you are largely along for the ride.  You do a LOT of wandering around looking for the few objects that advance the game;  there is no interaction with anything outside that required to progress, there are few puzzles and in that respect it's not as interesting as the Sherlock adventure i played a month ago.It's quite short too.  If you get bored with not finding an object and resort to walkthroughs you could be done in less than 10 hours.  I can't see there being much replay value either.While it's on offer it's worth a punt but I'm glad I didnt pay full price for it.In a nutshell, it's a story that plays out in front of you.  From what I've heard the ending leaves you asking more questions than it answers, too.Pros; great graphics, atmosphere, kind of investigative natureCons: price tag, user interactivity, replay value, all a but sparten (if you like that sort of thing), better mystery games available."
,Recommended,258520,15219577,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Phacer,Awesome and beautifully made game! I love when game creators think outside of the box of typical games today!
,Recommended,258520,15268393,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tóti,"I love games like this. Story driven with a mystery element. My favorit before trying this one, Gone home made me want to buy this one. I have to say this one is better and the only con being that it was not longer."
,Recommended,258520,15268715,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,4as,"Yup, it is good."
76561198116131373,Recommended,258520,15271358,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Shepherd,Damn fine game.
76561197988114896,Recommended,258520,15276236,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,creept,"""6th Sense"" movie feel like horror-ish adventure game where you play as a ""supernatural"" detective trying to solving cases of homicides and a missing weirdo kid in a remote town.Kinda open-world with spectacular scenery design.Mostly linear. Scenario is meh. Voice acting is OK. Animations are weak.Do get it if you are as bored as me from FPS's and RPG's and want to take a break. Oh, and if you find it in the sale tab..."
76561198030854347,Recommended,258520,15181691,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Itse,"Excellent game in the mystery genre. Very atmospheric, great soundtrack, cool story, beatiful scenery. Not very long, but well worth the money anyway."
76561197974454930,Recommended,258520,15183031,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Rico Santiago,Beautiful sceneryInteresting storyEasy to playNice mystery
76561198029701643,Recommended,258520,27563951,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anime Bob (•ω•),"Amazing title, always come back to this for the amazing atmosphere."
76561197997625230,Recommended,258520,31337904,Posted: 24 April,all,Artfact,"A rare gem of a game.  Tired of grinding combar and crafting.  Take a break and enjoy a nice story, well-told with nice gfx in the redux version.  I really liked this game.  HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,258520,32864389,Posted: 27 June,all,optickharsen3,Rally beautiful game and good story
,Recommended,258520,32830811,Posted: 26 June,all,Son of a submariner,"So, I think this game managed n I didn‘ t know was possible: It through The cat lady of the throne of being my favorite game I have in my steam library.But it didn‘ t look like this was possible at the start (minor spoilers ahead. No major plot points, just some things you will encounter in this game)So, at the beginning I was really bored by the game. I wondered around some really beautiful looking forests. I rushed two rapidly forward because I wanted to see what all the noise was about. I found some writings implying some satanic rituals in the little village the game takes place in and was mildly interested. I thought of refunding the game while I was back tracking looking for some interesting stuff when I encountered a strange lamp in the forests I came from. I clicked some times on it and a teleporting astronaut who lead me into an astounding trap … I won‘t say more, all this happened within the first 1 of 8 hours of playing. I just say one thing: it got better, and darker, and better and ended unbelievable well!No, two things have to be said: firstly, this game could arguably called a walking Sim. It feels like one by times, but I played and enjoyed a bunch of these games and have to say: this is not Dear Esther, not even a Gone home. It is much more like a very story heavy and slow paced first person murder mystery puzzler. It takes time, but you need it, because the story is so well written that you have to think a lot about it while you wander from one mystery to the next. There is whole more game play than one might think by reading the tag „walking simulator“.Secondly: It is true that there is one single part in the game where you CAN encounter a jump scare. I hate these things and am largely terrified by the possibility of encountering them. However: I didn‘t encounter it while playing said part of the game because I tried it very carefully. If you don‘t like jump scares, give this game a try nonetheless and at the point when you get into a mine, just look up at the community hub how to avoid the jump scare.This game is truly amazing. Give it try!"
76561198116734031,Recommended,258520,32895359,Posted: 27 June,all,SourWaffles,"An amazing supernatural crime thriller with a very interesting twist, along with great gameplay and unique mechanics. I hope sometime in the near future we will get more games similar to this"
76561198114905692,Recommended,258520,27282117,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aidan.Nemeth,Really amazing. You can really get stuck inside the magic atmosphere of this game.
,Recommended,258520,32910013,Posted: 27 June,all,jessicahehehe,"A hauntingly beautiful game in several aspects. The environment/world is absolutely stunning and the music compliments it very well. It felt very peaceful and relaxing playing in this world even though I was coming across dead bodies constantly.The storyline is interesting and held my attention til the very end. There were occasional stretches where I felt as if I were just running around too much searching for random objects in grass/fields, which could get boring/frustrating, but overall I would still recommend this game."
76561197993110570,Recommended,258520,31616962,Posted: 7 May,all,cyansam,"These are the kind of games I like.  Not a bad game just that one puzzle in the mine where you die. That could've been explained so as to avoid dying.  You kind of stumble across the solution after you die. Over all, great game!! Love the graphics in these types of games.  Dear Eather and Everybody's Gone to the Rapture are a few more I've enjoyed."
76561198048848853,Recommended,258520,15171309,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,IndieGameDev,"It took me 3 hours to complete the whole game but the time I spent in it was magnificent.I do not even feel cheated for so short story because it sucks you in completely and makes you to wonder after finnishing it: what happens next.If you read any Mark Twain Treasure of Island or A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur’s Court book, then you should have an idea what this game about.In the end I would like to share a tip which will help to enjoy the game - you can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus ( Mark Twain. 1889. A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court.)."
,Recommended,258520,32833097,Posted: 26 June,all,Foxsocks,"My recommendation for this game is a lukewarm one. It's absolutely beautiful to look at, and there's a great eerieness about most of the game that had me on edge while exploring, but I also found myself getting bored and frustrated with walking around the same places over and over.I chose to play the original version rather than Redux and therefore didn't have a reliable save function, so that's on me. In the original, not only are the autosaves somewhat spaced out, if you happen to have two puzzles going at the same time (you've inspected objects for two separate areas, for example), if you complete only one and then save, your progress on the unfinished puzzle will not be saved, and you have to redo everything. I also ran into what might have been a bug where on multiple occasions the text to interact with the environment didn't trigger properly, and I had to return to the same exact spot sometimes up to four times to get it to activate. Other minor complaints are that I wasn't that big on most of the voice acting aside from the main character, and that while I actually enjoyed most of the story (and the stories within the story), I found the ending to be on the ""meh"" side of things.Overall, I don't regret spending my time on this game or money (I would recommend getting it on sale, though). Again, the graphics are gorgeous, and it's decently creepy, especially in the beginning before you've really figured out what to expect more or less. Maybe I would have enjoyed Redux more, but as for the original version, be aware of the potential mechanical annoyances. And to be entirely fair, this was my first walking simulator, and that type of game just might not be my thing; if you enjoy them and like your mysteries on the (very) mildly scary side, there's a good chance you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,258520,14441341,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Macaro,"You play this game to the end and put it away with no opinion. You are doing it wrong.You play this game to the end, come to a conclusion, and accept it. Congratulations, you have achieved Level 1.You play this game to the end, come a number of conclusions, and cannot choose a valid conclusion. Congratulations, you have achieved Level 2.You play this game to the end, come a number of conclusions, cannot choose a valid conclusion, spend many nights thinking of all of the conclusions, and go on the forums to read other people’s opinions of the conclusions. Congratulations, you have achieved Level 3.You play this game to the end, come a number of conclusions, cannot choose a valid conclusion, spend many nights thinking of all of the conclusions, go on the forums to read other people’s opinions of the conclusions, and replay the game to read every book / letter / writing / shadow on a wall. Congratulations, you have achieved Level 4."
76561198029975617,Recommended,258520,33376324,Posted: 8 July,all,Jag,Fantastic game full of mystery and suspense.Recommended for people who want to play a story rather than a game.Warning: The game has mature themes and sits in the Horror category
76561198203272917,Recommended,258520,33415853,Posted: 9 July,all,beforeiwakee,"Only played the Redux version so it'll say 0.1 hours verse 8 hours that I really played. This game reminds me of a painting that's come to life. Almost like a click and point mystery/horror game that's actually alive, as close to life like as a game can get. The atmosphere is so heavy and if you like the story you'll fall right into the game world. Some of the most photo realistic graphics and textures you'll be able to find in a game.It's actually a pretty hard game until you realize the mechanics of the game, you'll have to explore in order to figure out where you need to be. There isn't much of a tutorial but that's what I loved about it. 1 game that truly shows there's a market for games that aren't all about shooting people. 10/10 There's nothing negative about this game."
,Recommended,258520,33576115,Posted: 15 July,all,+Podlaskie,I played the redux verision but despite it not being a very long game I loved this game. It had great visuals and just the atmosphere and setting were great. I highly recommned this game for a short enjoyable puzzle game that's isn't too hard to play.
,Recommended,258520,33551035,Posted: 14 July,all,JeanDagenais,This game is amazing
76561198138167511,Recommended,258520,33570059,Posted: 15 July,all,paquettebruno,Very immersive and fun game.  Nice story too.  Would recommend it.
76561198039208151,Recommended,258520,12304181,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,PinkTaco,AAA
76561197995416801,Recommended,258520,12304230,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,podzorama,"This is a fine game that draws obvious comparisons with Dear Esther and Gone Home. The story is less esoteric than Dear Esther and not as nuanced and subtle as Gone Home but is none the less just as engaging and well told.If you are not a fan of ""Walking Simulators"" then steer clear, because this is unashamedly what The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is. The detail and realism  of the environment scream ""come explore me!"" so it is a pity that most of the vistas are eye candy only and inaccesible to free roaming. Even though the disclaimer at the beginning that this game does not ""hold your hand"" is true that there are no training grounds or tutorials, the gamer is still coralled from A to B in a very straight jacketed way.As we go through the game it becomes clear that we are only here purely as an observer. We have no ability to change outcomes or be pro-active at all: It happens, we observe we move on, allowing for the story to unfold.It is the same as we move through the environment: nothing is disturbed, grass and shrubs don't move as we pass through, and there is little opportunity to interact with our surroundings.If your looking for thrill spills gung ho action scares and character developement then this aint for you, but if you like the idea of good storytelling supported by great graphics and atmosphere then this is a must for the collection"
76561198000710280,Recommended,258520,12304383,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MonkeyHarris,Definitely worth checking out; if anything its an experience that wins and fails on its own terms - the wooden voice acting being the biggest frustration
76561198026422137,Recommended,258520,12305536,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,shadowforger11,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a first-person mystery game with a few elements of horror (due to atmosphere) where you, Paul Prospero, are a famous supernatural detective who is called to the little town of Red Creek Valley to find out what happened there. The story was quite enjoyable, the scenery was beautiful, and the music was excellent, but though it says that the game has no hand holding (and I suppose it does not), the game was depressingly easy and it is not a game that truly feels like you are a detective (I didn't). If you enjoy the story, mysic, scenery, and feel of freedom in a game and don't feel that the lack of a challenge is off-putting then this game is definitely for you!"
,Recommended,258520,12305662,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,TLND | Soter-G,Pure awesomeness. There needs to be more singleplayer games like this.
76561198064510524,Recommended,258520,12367076,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,SillyWQ,"Impressed, appreciative and disappointed are the three words I'd use for my experience with this game.The whole game has an air of ""we had a lot of power but didn't quite know what to do with it."" It feels a bit directionless, story and gameplay wise. Clever, but lazy. Perhaps the developers ran out of ideas near the end of the game; at the very beginning of the game, the crime solving had me excited for the rest of the game. An hour later, the puzzles get easier and easier to solve, instead of harder, until they feel less like a puzzles and more like (fetch?) motions to go through to get more cutscenes.The story is a clever and imaginative play with between-the-lines deduction. If only it could stop trying so hard to be dream-like and ambiguous - the story can be a little confusing, not because of how complex it is, but rather because parts seem to be left entirely up to the player's imagination/choice. There seem to be several concrete solutions operating at the same time, that clash with each other one way or another.Graphic wise, it's beautiful, even if it feels impersonal, not very lived in. Beautiful views all around, and it all runs with a delicious smoothness that never ceased to amaze me throughout the whole game. Something impressive awaits around every corner, music, graphics or sounds.Bottom line, I liked and disliked this game in almost equal portions. Don't expect a good game - expect a good novel, and you'll probably, hopefully, enjoy it more than I did."
,Recommended,258520,12368819,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,BLISTER LORD OF VR,"A very open and engaging mystery thriller created with extreme detail to visuals and sound design; When they say this is a game meant to be played at night with headphones, they truly mean it. This game really doesn't give you any help, but it's that lack of assistance that immerses you into the shoes of the protagonist, an investigator. If you let it.If you watch someone else playing or lose attention after 20 minutes, you might mistake this for a sequel to Dear Esther, but quickly the game ramps up by throwing a murder mystery into it's wonderfully crafted landscape. Quickly after that, you'll understand that this game is very much an game that gives you a wide berth to give the illusion of freedom in while gently pushing you upon a linear path to new puzzles and mysteries. The implementation of the puzzles lead to a tremendous variety in the mechanics without ever confusing you enough to be frustrating to learn, rather making learning them enjoyable.Definitely a very different game, it's hard to describe it succintly, best I could give say  it's a first person adventure mystery thriller that is an absolute feast for your eyes and ears. It's deliberately paced and feels like a living novel, don't expect a twitch fps or jump scare game.But do expect a fantastic experience from beginning to end"
,Recommended,258520,12369616,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Arkley,"Let me start out by stating that adventure games such as these are not my forte.  However, this adventure game seemed to do it right, with amazing visuals, an interesting story, and interesting mechanics. In this game you play as Paul Prospero, a detective, who has been blessed with a gift to see the extraordinary. The game is firmly based around these special powers which help solve the crime(s) and other puzzles that you find. If you however are expecting a game along the likes of L.A Noire, where there is human interaction you will be dissapointed here. The puzzles in this game are fairly easy but they still feel somewhat fresh, they do however lack in quantity. Exploring is a large part of this game giving you a fair amount of freedom to find puzzles and areas as long as you are willing to look for them. Searching for these areas is not to monotonous thanks to the amazing visuals the game waves in your face. The environments in this game are simply gorgeous, visually the only thing I feel the game couldve done better on is the human animations. The music in this game is another high point that you will continuelly take notice of and listen to while being sucked into the beautiful scenery. While the music is great you will notice that the game doesnt always do a great job with sounds, but this doesnt really rob you of much. My main issue with the sound quality of this game is with the voice acting, many characters feel like they are attempting to show emotion but lack specific tones to really complete it. The story does what it sets out to do, which is build suspense and mystery, since the game is so short however it feels like there couldve been more to tell/show.I feel that if you are on the fence about this game you might want to wait for a sale, but if you are  interested go ahead and buy, you shouldnt be dissapointed.Visuals: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Music/Sound : 8/10Story: 8/10Overall: 8/10"
76561197983241416,Recommended,258520,12370150,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"A really engaging short story. Somewhere between Dear Esther and a Sierra adventure game.For fans of Lovecraftian mysteries, slow-burn novels, and the countryside."
76561198050305162,Recommended,258520,12373441,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,remy87,"This was a very enjoyable game with amazing graphics. I highly enjoyed the gameplay - piercing together pieces of story, how? why? I love it when things get all absurd - in this game that happens quite often. You have to keep your eyes open and you'll find all those little bits and pieces.Sadly there is the problem with the price. Even though I felt highly entertained I only did so for round about four hours - because that's how long it took me to play through. And for nearly 20€ - that doesn't feel quite enough. So I highly recomment if you can get it on sale!"
,Recommended,258520,12375241,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,RagnaR,"The evolution of the traditional point and click mystery, adventure game. An intriguing story, clever game design, haunting music, and gorgeous graphics; this game makes you glued to your seat until the credits roll and lingers as you realize the truth of it all.10/10"
76561197970433469,Recommended,258520,12375455,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,HB,Really is an amazing and emotional storytelling game
76561197995433997,Recommended,258520,12375999,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Donk,"Just a wonderful work of art..my favorite game in years ( has it been years since Far Cry 3? ). Awesome, awesome game, but sadly very short. all I want is more."
,Recommended,258520,12376557,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,sny,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an expertly crafted experience that remained in my thoughts well after the credits finished rolling. The game doesn't do anything revolutionary, nor does it require complex problem solving, but it doesn't constrain you from experiencing the story in your own way, at your own pace.The beautiful vistas of Red Creek Valley - as can be seen from the myriad screenshots in the game's Community Hub, each of which could pass as a desktop wallpaper - are just one aspect where the immense amount of polish put into the game can be seen. This attention to detail extends into the way puzzles and clues are presented to you as well as how tidbits of information suddenly become relevant and enrich the story. Almost every spoken line or scrap of paper carries some significance that might not dawn on the player until the very end (or a second playthrough).By far the most impressive thing in the game for me, however, was the interplay of natural and supernatural elements and the way these are tied into the narrative. The story can seem cliché and simple at first glance, but once you revisit earlier events and reconsider their significance or the way the protagonist and the other characters react to them, multiple interpretations of Ethan Carter's story suddenly open up. What's in the past and what's in the present, whether what you see is fantasy or reality is up to the observer to decide, and based on the number of contrasting opinions in the game forums, most people have their own version of how the story supposedly goes.Some locations in the game can evoke a sense of dread, but those annoyed by scripted jump scares can rest easy: if you're attentive, your nerves won't be unfairly tested.The experience is a short but sweet one and the game resonated with me enough to warrant subsequent visits to the valley. I would have liked the puzzles to be more demanding and the locations to contain more objects providing further backgrund information on the characters, but even so, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter shows that interactive storytelling doesn't have to guide you down a straight path to be memorable and thought-provoking."
,Recommended,258520,12376904,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,roikles,"Great game until you get stuck. Then you have 2 choices, wander aimlessly around the game as there are no clues whatsoever or google a walkthrough which right now is almost impossible without reading huge spoilers. Looks great, plays like a game of hide and seek where the one hiding has died."
,Recommended,258520,12358610,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Calamity,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was one of those ideas that was beautiful in theory but not so much in practice. The story was wonderful and captivating from start to finish and honestly, a story is what is should have been. Yes, the cinematics and absolutely gorgeous landscapes were top-notch; but they only added so much. The fact of the matter is that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter would be a one of those must read novels(if done right). However it just leaves you feeling rather unsatisfied at the end, like, you just ate a great meal; but the meal only included an appetizer and dessert, there was no main dish to it.I find it rather strange to criticize this game, because for once I see devs out there doing what I love most, and that is making an engrossing storyline that captivates its players from start to finish as they try to solve this paranormal who dun'it. However, at the same time, it lacks the aspects of a game that leave a player feeling totally satisfied.I'm sure I could go on and on about this as I try desperately to explain how I feel about this strangely wonderful yet vaguely unsatisfying game; but I just don't think it deserves that.The end all be all is that It was a game that was true to its very first message, that it was a visual narration that would not hold your hand.I would like to put this out there though. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter should, no, MUST be a novel."
76561198128087757,Recommended,258520,16682665,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DLibs,"Beautiful short game that I highly suggest purchasing on sale. I finished the game with all the achievements in a little over 3 hours so the $22 asking price might be a bit too high for some. However, those three hours were filled with quality. VIsually stunning with a great story, The Vanishing of Ethen Carter kept me wanting more. Do NOT buy if seeking action. It is an atmospheric story based game with little action and if that's ok with you, go for it."
76561197991191318,Recommended,258520,16683882,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Woockie,"Beautiful, atmospheric graphics and music, interesting slowly unfolding story.Three small cons:-it was short a little bit -I would be happy to play with it for days--the saving system is wierd and seems to be not working perfectly-there was a few freezing while I played -seems that it doesn't like task switching- and I had to start over from the last save."
,Recommended,258520,16683956,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TokTok,"Bought the game on the summer sale and definitely did not regret.The music really complements the very beautiful environment and even gives you shivers at times. Oh boy, those traps and mines... While it's true that the saving system is lacking, it's not really a drawback in my opinion. If you run, you can get through the whole map pretty fast. Also, it's not like if you found something it's not going to be there anymore or takes forever to reach. It's just a pity that the game is really quite short. I would definitely like to play more of this.The story was great and even held a surprise in the end. Another big plus is that you really have to figure stuff out on your own! 9/10"
76561198069067067,Recommended,258520,16666704,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mjandersonc,"Overall: 9/10The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a detective-like game in which you use your paranormal abilities to solve succesive crimes in order to find Ethan Carter.Being a fan of crime novels, H.P. Lovecraft, paranormal fiction, puzzles and detective stuff, I just can't stop drooling after finishing this game. Its open world has awing extremely realistic graphics, perfect sounds and an amazing sountrack which adapts to every place you walk in making you feel the exact way it wants.The game difficulty is good for a avarage gamer and a bit challenging for a beginner. It has just enough guides to ""follow"" a path, which I thank a LOT since I really hate getting lost. (You have a general guide, although enough freedom to roam since it's an ""open"" world. Usually huge stones, lakes, trees and slopes define the limits of the terrain.) Still, I kept my game guide handy until I got the hang of it because at first it's confusing and in fact,  I realized I missed so much with the guide that I started all over again.The amazing developers have some really crazy ideas which keeps the story interesting and just makes you ask yourself.. What the hell is next? The psychic powers are a reaaally nice add on to an incredible detective story. **spoiler alert** It also has a really unexpected, amazing yet hearthbreaking ending I can't get over yet.**The playthrough is quite short. It took me 6 hours to complete, but the game is so absorbing I felt like it was a whole lot more.The only detail I would highly criticize is the lack of player-saving option. You have to find and finish the next ""scene"" so you can save the game which is kind of frustrating if you have to go and therefore lose everything since the last auto save. I-1 for that.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is gripping, with fascinating graphics, perfect ambience, intriguing storytelling and a tragic storyline. If you like good detective stories, mystery and paranormal stories, this is for you."
,Recommended,258520,16686539,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Live@日本武道館,"Ethan Carter is not a very long game, but it is a very beautiful game - with a focus on narrative and exploration, on telling a story that you uncover in scraps and fragments before everything is explained.In a lot of ways, at least as far as actual gameplay is concerned, it's something along the lines of Gone Home but with a heavier focus on puzzles. Not hard puzzles but puzzles that rely on simple problem solving, intuition, and at worst that can be worked through on trial and error: they may slow you down if you can't figure them out but it's always possible to just try until you finish so you can see the story through.The only complaint I really have is about the lack of a clear and intuitive save system, it relies on autosaves and in some areas they feel pretty rare and leave you feeling like you have to finish another puzzle before it's safe to exit for the night."
,Recommended,258520,16773487,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,theFisher86,"Wow... just wow.  This game lives up to the hype.  Yes, what people are saying about the auto-saves is kinda a bummer but I think it's intentional.  This is a game best played on a rainy sunday when you have nothing better to do.  It's short and you could beat it in a day, I beat it in about 4 hours.  But wow, what a story.  Play this game for the storyline, that's all I'm going to say because I don't want to take away from the experience by giving away spoilers.Enjoy the beautiful graphics, listen to the awesome soundtrack, have fun with the puzzles and be amazed by the story."
,Recommended,258520,16774303,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,juneot,"One of the better games of the time. As a free-roaming exploration and open narrative tale, the game allows you to immerse yourself in the environment and really get into the mood with the lovely background music that tugs ""at the feels"" of things. Would highly reccomend to friends."
,Recommended,258520,16762087,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Odinsdottir,"I can just walk around Red Creek Valley for hours, it's the place with it own mystic beauty like being straight out of bloodthirsty tales. UE3 shows us a real grass, river with reflected sky, stones and wood with natural textures... There is no change in time during game so your companion is bright saturated sunset and a peculiar aura.The view is beautiful, the stories are extraordinary and I'm still curious - what happens then?"
76561197982940313,Recommended,258520,16783068,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ToroLuchador,This is a fantastic game visually and from a storytelling perspective. No indications are given to you when you are playing and it really gives you a fealing that you are livilng Paul Prospero's investigation. A smart game that everyone should try.
76561197973187052,Recommended,258520,16654639,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dytek,"10/10. I havent played a game this good in a long time. The scenery is beutiful, the story is absolutly magnificent, and i the gameplay style along with the detective work makes this to be an amazing game. I recomend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,258520,16447227,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ascensumophobie,"Great game! The graphics are insane, sunlight, falling leaves, water reflections, trees. The sound your feet makes changes on the different surfaces. Not a long game to complete but definately worth bying it. Could not start the game through steam the first time, so i ran the executables from the steam forlder and once in game I didnt have access to the menu so i couldnt quit. Second time i ran through steam and everything was fine. Graphics were lagging a bit but you need a very good cpu and graphics card to run at full specs."
,Recommended,258520,13689828,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,K-oZ,"Great game, great story, beautifull graphics"
,Recommended,258520,13695626,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Draco_Platina,"For those of you that enjoy games like Dear Esther and Myst, or just eye candy with a side of Hmm, this game is for you. If you are for some reason overly attached to MSAA over FXAA or CSAA, get upset when you're not sure what to do next, or hate baby jesus, this game is not for you.The sound is exquisitely done, with the background music easily becoming an intergal part of the backdrop. The visuals are such that I have posted screenshots to [social media] and been asked where I took the pictures. The Astronaut's showcasing of the power of the Unreal Engine 4 (that's what this was made in, right?) sets the bar for environments in games to come. Their work has made me not only look forward to what they come out with next, but what other people will do with the engine as it replaces UE3 as the go-to engine. I honestly found myself thinking ""I wish skyrim looked this nice and ran this smooth,"" so TAKE NOTE BETHESDA.The gameplay isn't terribly deep, but is satisfying nonetheless. The story is interesting, though some may say they saw it coming a mile away. Overall? I'd say The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is 2014's Portal."
76561198068909588,Recommended,258520,13696882,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Captain Design,"Superb. Great mood, fantastic landscapes. Love it."
76561197993211276,Recommended,258520,13697541,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Suldar,"The graphics are beautiful and really show what can happen when a developer focuses on PC. The small size of the team makes this impressive as well. Story is solid and very enjoyable. Even had some feels. The gameplay and puzzles are light but still fun and interesting. The game is short but not that short. I think you can finish it in around 5-6 hours unless your an idiot like me and overlook something and totally miss how the game works and run around a lot. Yeah, it warns you the game won't hold your hand and it doesn't which is a good thing."
76561197968936653,Recommended,258520,13657830,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lord Thistlebottom of [ЯФ],"The game makes itself difficult to recommend. The story is completely engrossing, but less so as I needed to complete tasks repeatedly because the autosave system gives no notice of when it last saved. The graphical fidelity is great, but my fairly powerful computer suffered persistent microstuttering, which I'll say may or may not be the fault of the game code. The environment was quite a lot of fun to explore; when I wasn't hopelessly stuck on puzzles. I often had to resort to reading forums for help. Even so, a single puzzle took an hour to solve.Despite the problems, the atmosphere is so compelling, I'm quite glad I gave this a shot. It's one of the most engaging games I've encountered in a while."
,Recommended,258520,13660457,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Xeneth,"A brilliant first showing for indie studio The Astronauts that points in one of the directions that adventure games should be heading as a genre.Come for the drop dead gorgeous environments and stay for the minimalist user interface that steps out of the way, maximizing intriguing atmosphere.This is an emphatic must play if you love narrative focused experiences like Dear Esther and Gone Home, and you'll likely enjoy the light ""ethereal detective"" mechanics that make The Vanishing feel a bit more like a game without straining the narrative like Alan Wake... Just don't expect tons of crazy jump scares, gamey combat systems, or a super long running time."
76561198044218149,Recommended,258520,13661790,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MrSpanky,Visually stunning game.Atmosphere and music will totally immerse you in.Some basic game design flaws with the teaching of game mechanics.Uneven and decreasing puzzle difficulty.A bit short tho...more please
76561198028700990,Recommended,258520,13316852,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Gifmenger,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an original game with original gameplay. At three quarters of the game you get a bit confused about how to think about the game. But in the end it's certainly worth the money. Hoping for more of these games in the future.
76561198017695648,Recommended,258520,13318909,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,I drink acid,"Visually stunning and the gamplay is excellent! The story is good at the begining, but deteriorates near the end. As a mystery puzzle game I found it to short and the puzzles were to easy! But all in all, I liked it a lot! Looking forward to see more games from The Astronauts!"
,Recommended,258520,13334947,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ElPwno,"An amazing game, with great narrative and graphics. It has great gameplay and mechanics, and an immersive stroyline. For a game that says it won't hold your hand it certainly is very linear, so that might be a disadvantage. It is also a short game. I suggest buying it for a few hours of fun, especially if it is on sale."
76561198088957004,Recommended,258520,13322179,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Johnny,"One of the best games i have played in recent memory! The atmosphere is so thick and tense,i found myself completely absorbed.It isn`t a horror game,yet it has a few frightening moments.It rather relies on it`s unsettling and hypnotizing mood.The game world is absolutely gorgeous and the music is breathtakingly beautiful.It reminded me to some extent of mystery stories like you find them in Alan Wake,Deadly Premonition,and Twin Peaks,which i love! It was a very refreshing experience to play a game with no combat and being able to totally immerse myself in the story and atmosphere. The puzzles are interesting and kept simple enough so as not to frustrate you.I finished the game in close to 5 hours and found the lenght to be just right,as i was left sad,happy and totally satisfied once the credits rolled."
76561198032166728,Recommended,258520,13323001,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,BattleBat35,"This is one of the best games I have played in a while. Is it frustrating to guys who like linear games or platformers, ABSOLUTELY!!! I was frustrated till I looked up a guide just to get some hints. The joy of this game is the atmosphere, the world, and the story. Puzzles are not super hard, but you will miss stuff just because you are busy looking at the world.It's a short game, deep, dripping with atmosphere, and an ending that will leave you thinking."
76561197975364382,Recommended,258520,13323541,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DBLUE711,Lovecraftian overtones set the stage for an AMAZING NARRATIVE! 9/10
76561197988319691,Recommended,258520,13325108,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Nubbins,"So, I started playing this game knowing absolutely nothing about it, other than it had been well reviewed. If you're contemplating buying this game, go in knowing as little about it as you can, because it enhances the experience something fierce. Half the fun of the game is the creeping disorientation early on, and having to feel your way through the game's most basic tasks. Conversely, if you jump in already knowing what's expected, having an idea of the basic mechanics, I can totally see you breezing through this, all the while wondering what the fuss is about.It probably doesn't spoil things overly to say that the experience of this game thus far (I've only played a bit) has been something along the lines of Myst, and evokes feelings I haven't really gotten from a game since Riven. Gameplay wise it's interesting without being groundbreaking, and is much more about experience than mechanics. I have to say, though, it's an experience well worth having. Utterly gorgeous for an indie game (puts plenty of AAA titles to shame, thanks Unreal Engine!), and I love the amount of really cool stuff coming out of Poland atm."
,Recommended,258520,13206647,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SwunG,"This was an incredibly rewarding game for several reasons:-A captivating story that kept me coming back-The freedom of being able to complete events in the game more or less whenever/however I wanted-It seriously pulls off the creepy/clammy vibe it was going for, with only a few jump-scares that had me enjoying it even   more-them graphics thoI definitely recommend this game to anyone looking to get into a compelling other-wordly rpg. I guess you could call it a walking simulator, but still it's a damn good one."
,Recommended,258520,13207162,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,R. Shackleford,"TL;DR: Though it was not as thought provoking or emotionally moving as Gone Home, it is still a rollercoaster ride and kept me glued to my seat until I finished. Grab it when it's on sale.I have a soft spot for story games such as Dear Esther or Gone Home. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, though very good, has a little more thrill than both of those. The game actually startled me at a few points, but not enough to make me stop playing like Amnesia would. It has a very strong focus on Music and visuals, which are both fantastic. If someone told me the game was a graphical mod of skyrim, I wouldn't have been surprised.Be prepared to get dropped in with little-to-no handholding, which is intended by the developers. At first I was annoyed as I felt like I had to comb every inch of the sprawling landscape or risk missing an interesting part of the story. I ended up backtracking a huge amount when I realized I missed a large chunk of content. Fear not though, the game will tell you to go back before the end if you have missed content and where to find it.I eventually enjoyed the lack of handholding. It made the game feel more sincere and left the ending to have a lot of interpretations. Some would call the ending cliched but it still left a lot to think about. There are also a few subtle hints regarding the ending that you can find if you keep your eyes peeled (take a close look around the abandoned train station)."
76561198051825528,Recommended,258520,13247946,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,psychoadvocate,Highly recommend this game if you like story rich driven content.  The graphics in this game are beautiful and the environment will suck you in.
76561197999646817,Recommended,258520,13248178,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,asdf,"This game is definately worth the price. Very atmospheric and puzzle driven. The gameplay itself has no real direction of where you need to go first or last. I learned the story in a very mixed up way, learning things about the story that was actually supposed to be saved for later. Although the story isn't ruined by the different pattern you take. There is no combat in the game, but instead feels like a narrative. I really enjoyed it and the story is great."
76561198116236619,Recommended,258520,13248266,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ThePersonGuy,"Hardcore and a bit frustrating, but truely a masterpiece."
,Recommended,258520,13251237,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,No Chairs In Your House,A fun little narrative centric mystery with a healthy smattering of Lovecraft-esque horror.
,Recommended,258520,13253348,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,kinya,"Solid storyline, good game."
76561198163269072,Recommended,258520,13240462,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,CupCakeKav <3,this game is sick
76561198062788490,Recommended,258520,13242383,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,pinguinouy1,"Excellent game, hands down. One of the best I've ever played.PROS:- Gorgeous graphics, the best I've seen so far in a game. Landscapes are breathtaking.- The story is great and you'll want to finish the game to see how it ends.- Works great with an Xbox 360 controller- Very immersive- Great sound and music- It has the right amount of scaresCONS- You don't get any clues at all during the game as how to solve the puzzles, which makes some of them VERY hard/time consuming. I had to resort to IGN walkthrough in some parts to get unstuck.Overall one of the best games I've ever played, seriously. It's hard to believe that you'll regret buying this game."
,Recommended,258520,13243893,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,chairmanlee,It's rare to find games with both meticulously crafted graphics and a memorable narrative.
,Recommended,258520,13454833,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Arelia99,What a relief to simply enjoy a game and be able to say...go for it! It is a touch short in comparison to some but it is so well done! If you like atmosphere and exploring with a touch of mystery then I have no problem saying this is the game for you!
,Recommended,258520,13495838,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jewness,"A very short, but immensely atmospheric mystery/adventure game with a touch of the dreamy and surreal. The game's puzzles are not too difficult but sometimes a little hard to find anyway since there is no guidance or user interface of any description. One might argue that this is hardly a game due to its lack of actual game mechanics, however I would say that there are enough of these to justify it being a videogame even though they're mostly point-and-click. In any case, the experience is definitely worth it just for the sheer beauty of the world created by the developers and their use of revolutionary ""photogrammetry"" technology which makes this game one of if not the most vivid-looking and graphically astounding and detailed game to be ever made. The story may leave you with more questions than answers in the end, but the philosophical and poetical nature of the game renders it a largely intimate and frankly extremely thoughtful experience which is very much welcome in the age of fast-paced shooters and action-packed RPGs.Do pick it up on a discount though since almost 20 euros might not be worth it to you for roughly 4-5 hours of gameplay.Performance wise this game was somewhat of an odd case for me. My FPS counter went overboard to the 7-digits area while playing the game and both my GPUs were at max usage at temps as frighteningly high as 86°C. There were no stutters or anything so I can assume it ran at rock solid 60fps on my 1080p screen which is nice indeed."
,Recommended,258520,13497923,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,NandosoftheCheeky,"i dont have much time clocked on this game but id be damned if this game is not good, i have been instantly hooked on it the graphics are beautiful, the game runs smooth and the story is amazing. When the game says it doesnt hold your hand it means it doesnt hold you hand, you have to figure things out for yourself and thats part of the reason why i love this game i highly advice everypne to get this game and give it a go."
,Recommended,258520,13498875,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Clem Fandango,"Stunningly beautiful game, bit on the short side, but thoroughly brilliant.Look forward to see what The Astronauts come up with next, it'll be a must-buy for me based on The Vanishing."
,Recommended,258520,13500519,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jamedog,Gorgeous.
,Recommended,258520,13500947,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lunchweek,It's not only a game. It's one of the greatest experiences I've ever had in my life. A beautiful story. Thank you so much The Astronauts.
,Recommended,258520,13501488,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pickle Tony Robbins,"I loved this game, and although it was quick, it was thoroughly enjoyable. I completed 99% on my own, no help, because I'll have to admit, at one part I did use a guide because I spent an hour and couldn't figure out what I was missing. I was a huge fan of Gone Home before this, and heard a similar recommendation in the reviews. If you like piecing stories together with nothing to tell you where to go or what to do, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,258520,13501557,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,streetyingyang,"This is a 'must play' game! The atmosphere and story telling give you the feeling you're reading a short story and imagining all that you see, hear and do. It's an amazing game and an imaginative story."
76561198029887002,Recommended,258520,13502553,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dmgavin1-djwildhorse1,"While the game is short, when it is on sale I'd reccomend it for the immersive graphics alone.  Overall the story is simple, but does hold a few nice suprises.   The puzzles except for one were easy to figure out, but they were still engaging.   I'd give this a 7/10 rating."
,Recommended,258520,13502837,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Get-Rekd-Kid,"I've spent only 1.1 hours on this game, but good lord, it's one of the coolest.I spent 20 minutes just looking around at the grass and sky, and I'm on medium graphics.You should get this game, especially because it's on sale!"
,Recommended,258520,13502970,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Haterade,"Game is not very long, 4.5 to 5 hours tops.  Some of the puzzles are pretty simple but others require a little more attention to detail.  I think its just right for what the developers tried to accomplish but the price is a little high even in the holiday sale for this.  Think of the game as if it were like reading a book.  I personnaly liked the story, the ending is pretty open-ended and up to you for interpretation.  My only gripe is that it says its not a hand holding game at the beginning. But the ""sense"" ability that your character has actually holds your hand throughout the game.  Wait for this game to be under 10 bucks."
76561198028908729,Recommended,258520,13444355,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jimmyjames,"This game was pretty cool.  I hated the ending, but the game is good enough that I'd recommend it anyways.  It took me around 3-4 hours to beat.The sniper rifle is pretty OP though."
,Recommended,258520,13448719,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Freaking Pingo,"Just went through the story, and I have a few points I believe worth mentioning.The game contains 2 to 4 hours of gameplay, so the 15€ price tag is a bit high.The voice acting could have been better. I personally think the voices are shallow and monotome.One must not expect a typical kind of gameplay. This game is for the patient player.This game has a great story. As you progress, you start to crave more and more of the story.It contains some top of the line graphics, mostly used to create a stunning environment.I believe the vanishing of Ethan Carter is a great game for using the Oculus rift. The first person perspective and the beautiful environment and the slow paced interaction are great components for a VR game."
,Recommended,258520,13489370,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dante,"The game is somewhat short, and there are a couple points where it can be hand ti figure out how to pregress, but the story and environment are so captivation, it makes this game completely worth it."
,Recommended,258520,13489380,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Blast Hard-Cheese,This game is really simple but man I loved it... Played it through in one go.
,Recommended,258520,13489831,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eurotrash,"Absolutely stunning game in every aspect but it is not for everybody!Essentially what you are getting is a highly immersive, interactive movie with a great story and breathtaking graphics."
,Recommended,258520,13492308,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mactinite,"Like Myst, but with more murder.Okay, first off, this game is short. Like under 3 hours short. I played through in one sitting and am two achievements short of 100%. Now let me tell you why that's not a problem.The normal price for this game is $20. I paid $12, and it was absolutely worth that $12. For the price of a movie ticket here, I was able to get a 3 hour long spectacle that had me wow-ing at the gorgeous visuals, pondering at what would come next, and imagining how much moreweirdthis world could throw at me. I didn't rush through this, I spent my time with it and explored as much as I felt I should have. The story itself doesn't really have a sense of urgency (at first) so I really felt I got to explore the first few sections thoroughly without a companion or marker pushing me forward. And to this point, this game does not hold your hand at all, as a matter of fact it opens up with that before dumping you in the world. However, this game is not difficult, and the hardest puzzles were the first ones leaving more to be desired.At full price, I would still recommend this game to that person who loves their games full of good story, or to that gamer who is tired of the waypoint-and-walk style of games out there these days. As someone who enjoyed a game like Myst, this game is a little on the easier side, but it was worth it for the visuals.TL;DRGet this game and play it right now (holiday sale) if you wait you might not find this game worth the $20 price tag."
76561197976882474,Recommended,258520,13493610,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sean,Probably one of the only good games I've played in a while. Graphics done right - runs smooth on my average PC and looks wise is one of the best games I've ever seen. Story and atmosphere is awesome. Puzzles are the right level of challenging. Game is definitely worth it.
76561197970638811,Recommended,258520,13832960,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Adrian Dixon,"I would like to say that I am very happy with this purchase.  The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game of quality over quantity.   I finished the game in about 6.5 hours but i normaly play all my games in a very slow exploration kind of way so it could be completed even faster.  The developers used photogrammetry.  The game does not directly support ultra wide monitor resolutions (ie 21:9) which is a shame because the Unreal engine is perfectly capable, a program called Flawlesswidescreen can fix this at the moment.Thank you The Astronauts for having high standards in the PC Gaming market."
76561198024628159,Recommended,258520,13841786,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sythrix,"I don't believe I've ever had a game that made me feel the way that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter does. It's a surprisingly intriguing and wonderful game. Besides the graphics (which are sublime, aside from micro-stuttering, which is probably more the game engine's fault than the developer's), the story is what drives this game to it's conclusion. Those looking for another cliche tale that follows along with gameplay in a monotonous sprawl need not apply.I can honestly say it's one of the most thought provoking games that I have played in the past 10 years. One would be tempted to think this isn't so because it's short, but if that's holding you back then I can assure you it is worth the price. I spent probably double the time I needed to because I wanted to find everything I could in this world, that's how much it grabbed me.I'm not gonna spoil anything, so just buy it, play it, and remember it, cause you probably won't find anything quite like it ever again."
76561197967449679,Recommended,258520,13410825,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Siefer17,This was an incredible experience from start to finish. I wish it never ended.
,Recommended,258520,12251338,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DMINATOR,"Enjoyed it.Positive:+ Impressive graphics, running everything maxed out, the game looks amazing.+ Story is overall good, it keeps you guessing what is really going on.+ Overall game mechanics, it might take some time to get used to it, but it is easy to use and fairly straightforward later on.+ Music and game atmosphere, excellent.Negative:- A bit short. I've finished the game in 4 hours, enjoyed it but wish it would've been longer.- Glitches and bugs: Some graphical artifcats in reflections and quest breaking issues, where final room door was closed and it wasn't possible to get it open. All of that was solved by reloading the game to the last checkpoint.Overall a pretty good game for one evening.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qFjalRzanc"
,Recommended,258520,12283693,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dr. Melon,"This game succeeds where Dear Esther failed; it manages to make a slow-paced mystery game with a paranormal subtext into an engaging and interesting experience.The plot is just deep enough to be interesting without reaching into too-deep-for-you territory; it could be made into a film that most cinema-goers could enjoy.Bottom line; if you like Myst, Mystery Novels, and stuff with paranormal detectives in it, this game's for you. If you want a cinematic experience that actually engages you instead of forcing you into QTEs and boring, unskippable cutscenes, this game's for you. If you want a game that lets you just wander from the start, no tutorial whatsoever, then this game's for you.If you want to leap from platform to platform, splattering zombies, this game isn't gonna do it for you, but hey - can't win them all.All in all, really good value for money."
,Recommended,258520,12284113,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Yoofaloof,"A game I actually finished, now there's a thing.Beautiful graphics, awesome sound and voice acting came together in a story with a twist.Just unfortunate I had to backtrack a couple of times, one of them right to the beginning, and I didn't rush through the game either - I'm usually quite thorough and like to take my time. Thought I'd seen everything but had missed quite a bit. So if I can offer just a little bit of advice, I know nowadays players love to rush through games in like a couple of hours, but you'd be best to take your time here and wander off the beaten track a little. You will be greatly rewarded for doing so."
76561198020166840,Recommended,258520,12285827,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,indio,"One really interesting game. I took my time to investigate as much as possible and had 7 hours of uninterrupted fun playing this game. Story is great and has no dificult riddles to finish the game. Some of the objectives are only triggered when one comes from the right direction and some of the stones seem half ready and open on one side, but this did not bother my gameplay at all. Nevertheless there was one thing what me really bothered...I had to disconnect my two analog ""joysticks"" (one steering wheel and one joystick) from the computer to be able to play the game at all - otherwise the character is spinning uncontrollably. Did the beta-testers not check this out? But there is another game with this exact problem and this is also created with the Unreal engine. Why do they not put a ""I do not wish to use any analog joystick today"" toggle in the games? Now I finished the game and it is truly recommendable (aside from the bugs - but it's now almost 4 days young) and did I mention that the story is great? - I like it!"
,Recommended,258520,12285882,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,dermonk,You mean there are no zombies to mow down? No freakish monsters to fight? It's just exploration and puzzle-solving!?...sweeeeeeet...
76561198052334361,Recommended,258520,12285889,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,archytas2393,Work of art. 10/10 Highly recommended.
76561198053833631,Recommended,258520,12286071,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Watchir,"This game was amazing. The graphics and level of detail for the scenery in this game are unreal. I had to stop and just enjoy the view many times during my play-through. The story held me captivated. I was intrigued with this game from the trailer. And from the first moment I pushed Start New Game, and clear through to the Credits, I was simply impressed. I loved this game."
,Recommended,258520,12286187,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dethjonny,"I enjoyed this game thoroughly, kept me hooked for the entire go.  Only problem is it is short.  3-4 hours I'd say.But the visuals are great, the story puzzles are awesome and the sniper rifle is the best weapon in the game.Pros:-Great visuals-Great sound-fun puzzles-engaging atmosphereCons:-Quite short-My video card was having to cache textures in big chunks which caused freezing. (GTX650)"
,Recommended,258520,12286422,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,BRUCE PAIN,"Apologies in advance for choosing the cliché comparison, but The Vanishing of Ethan Carter takes the visuals of Dear Esther and the storytelling of Gone Home and cranks them up to 11 while throwing in some actual gameplay.  If that description sounds good to you, then you will probably love this game.You are Paul Prospero, a detective with the ability to communicate with ghosts to see the past.  The gameplay pretty much boils down to wandering around the many beautiful environments while finding the various parts involved in the murder that happened in that particular area.  I am intentionally being vague, because like Gone Home, knowing too much going into the game will ruin the experience.  All you need to know is the story is engrossing in a Twin Peaks/Lovecraftian way.  Often I found myself getting distracted just staring at the landscape.  Early in the game you cross a bridge.  It took me 10 minutes to get across it because looking across the water at the mountainline gave me a sense of awe and wonder.  What is over there? Will I even be able to get over there? HOW THE HELL DID THEY GET IT TO LOOK SO DAMN NICE?!All that being said, as much as I enjoyed my time, this is not a perfect game.  There isn't really any buildup to your first case.  It just kinda happens before you even get your bearings in the world.  I'm not really an advocate for padding your game for length, but TVoEC would benefit for another 15-20 minutes of exploration before the first event.  What that time would entail is beyond me, but it felt like it was lacking something in the beginning.  They wouldn't even need to add time to the total playtime.  Often times it felt like the world was too large for how little content there is.  Looking at the beautiful scenery can only keep you entertained for so long.  If the distance between different sets were shortened, they could use that time for world building in the beginning.  The other grievance I had with the game is the ending.  It's not possible to say any more than that without spoiling anything, but just beware you may feel like the ending was a bit of a cop out.The many positives of the game greatly outweigh the few negatives and would absolutely recommend this to fans of this genre.8/10"
76561198042923069,Recommended,258520,12286600,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TheHardYards,"Best visually stunning game to date @ 4k.  details are superb, from the buildings to the simple things like rocks  & boulders,fine particles etc.... I enjoyed this very much except the early bugs, in which the team were quick to release patch's, nice.Play through was a little short for my liking but thats just my opinion. Setting, mood, voice acting all great. Just sit back take your time with this one and enjoy the ride.Hopefully some DLC to come?and the next game title this company bring to the table I hope will be a little longer.For the price I reccomend this game for sure. Great work !!!"
,Recommended,258520,12287894,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Necronomad,"I enjoyed this game.It kept me interested throughout and while I'm not a fan of the ending the story is well told and the investigation style gameplay was alot of fun.The graphics are really well done with alot of attention to detail, particulary in the textures. The only way I can see the world being more immersive is if there was a little more ambient life for example the sights and sounds of insects buzzing around or the occastional bird flying through the trees.The price its reasonable and I didn't feel short changed by the shortness of it. I did find the puzzles on the easy side of things which may have shortened the experience for me personally but that didn't put me off the game."
76561198049752896,Recommended,258520,12288055,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Curious,"It’s beyond awe-inspiring to travel through a town that feels as though it was taken straight from some forgotten corner of America and digitized. Each area is distinctly beautiful & Eerie. A real curiosity button masher, exquisite escape from reality for a few hours.Only gripe is that is is rather linear and narrative is scarce.If you enjoyed Dear Esther, Then this should be your next purchase."
76561198092504774,Recommended,258520,12288282,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,LAG like shit,4 hour game playwith nice music and  scence
,Recommended,258520,12288932,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,wheatly_core,"So far so good.I only played some of it, and to tell the truth, it does seems sorta strange. Like a mixture of survival horror and walking simulator. The game is, um.. intriguing. But it's good. I didn't feel like stopping, but I had to sleep as I had school and work. And it certainly looks awesome. This game shows what a pc can do. Even on a low tech pc this will look good, as the low settings are pretty good too. And the controls are good, sort of. There are absolutely no introductions or tutorials or anything of the sort. No difficuty, just dive into it and figure out what to do and where to go. But that's not too hard, one can figure that out by playing. The thing that I absolutely didn't like was the autosave. It means you cannot save by yourself and the next time you log in you wont have any idea where the ♥♥♥♥ you are! It has no inventory or journal of the sorts, no quests, so you just have to rack up you brain and remember what had happened. At least till where I have played now. It's like the developer expects us to complete the entire game in one sitting!!All in all, it's a great game.PROS-Great storyNice graphicsGood soundtrackdecent gameplayCONS-Everytime you log in, you have to remember what had happened"
76561197984578296,Recommended,258520,12289784,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,sdvn,Two words about this game: Story and Scenery.
,Recommended,258520,12285096,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,NukeJockey,"Where to Begin?TVoEC is an exploration based game with some puzzle elements. Ultimately, it is an interactive story. While there are a few murder scenes to investigate and a few puzzles to solve, they always feel like they're taking a back seat to the world and the story itself.If you don't enjoy ""Walking simulators"", then this game probably isn't for you. However, if you are interested in seeing an interesting story told through a beautiful game world, then this game should be right down your alley.If you're on the fence, wait for a sale. If it interests you, don't hesitate to jump in. While the first playthrough might only net you somewhere between 2 and 6 hours, the story is presented to you in such a way that you will probably want to go back to find anything you missed. 10/10"
,Recommended,258520,12290519,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kr0mat0se44,the vanashing of ethan carter is a game that does not hold your hand in the slightest. you have to figure out puzzles on your own without even knowing what it is your character is even doing but figuring out what to do is very rewarding in its own way. the only problem i have with this game is its price tag since the game doesnt have alot of substance or replayablility coming with it. i do recommend this game but jhst realize you are buying a $20 4 hour story experience with amazing graphics. the graphics are gorgeous btw
76561198047403442,Recommended,258520,12291018,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Setanta,"An enjoyable game with a captivating story that complements the gameplay very well. It strikes the right balance in the sense that the notes and newspaper clippings you find scattered around the game world are not overdone, and neither are the cutscenes. You actually want to read and watch them, because you know they're not just there for the sake of it. In the interests of a balanced review I will say that I found the game a little bit on the short side. I've clocked up around seven hours of gameplay and I finished it rather comfortably within that timeframe. I also found the puzzles a little bit repetitive, if only ever so slightly. I counted at least three puzzles in which I simply had to guess the correct sequence of a specific event. These were not very challenging and could be solved by trial and error.Overall a good game that any adventure fan would enjoy playing."
76561198003154945,Recommended,258520,12291800,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,nxerx,"I seldom post reviews on games. But this game is really good! I have to spread the news out to other! I have been playing for almost 2 hours! Giving me the chills and creeps! Totally recommended!The down side is the ""save"" game feature which I notice that you can't save the game at any point on your own. It will auto save for you whenever you complete a mystery. They really need to look into this.I will give it a 8/10. If they fix the ""save game"" part and add new DLC/updates, I will totally give it a 10/10.The Astronauts really did a good job with their first game. Let's hope that they will continue to make awesome games! Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198068324403,Recommended,258520,12292778,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kayel,"This is a really interesting example of interactive storytelling!I enjoyed the ride and had quite a few ""WTF"" moments (the good kind).Don't go looking for at playthrough first!There is not a lot of game elements in the traditional sence in ""the vanishing of ethan carter"". It is the story that drives this piece of art. The atmosphere and the story does a wonderful job of immercing you.Ask yourself if you enjoy dark gory detectivestories. If yes give it a go.The price 18.99 euro might be a bit much for some when it comes to 3-4 hours worth of gameplay. But what it does, it does really well. And I for one feel I got my moneys worth."
,Recommended,258520,12294489,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,lambdacore,"Beautiful, near photorealistic adventure. Very dense immersion and interesting story.Very good and unintrusive hint system that helps you with the quests.Goodies for explorers which are not needed for the main quest line but add to the lore around the game.Price is a bit on the high side right now, but well worth it."
,Recommended,258520,12294532,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dazrael21,"Short, beautiful, and a nice change from the usual."
76561197970687383,Recommended,258520,12294687,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,A Nameless Ghoul,"this is rather close to a oldschool-adventure game, but brings a lot of new mechanics and ideas. it sadly doesn't use those mechanics enough tho. i wish they put in more and trickier puzzles and content but you get a real great game for the money you are paying (i nearly got 8 hours out of it taking my sweet time with it).the atmosphere is great and if you are in no rush, slow down and enjoy the vistas and general way this looks, sounds and feels you will get a lot of satisfaction from it.it somehow fits in between the amnesia- and black mirror-games with an emphasis on a neat story to be told and a great atmosphere - without the stress of being hunted.it takes place in a semi-open world: within this world you can basically go wherever you feel like. everything important you do and find sheds some light to the background and charakters. and in a rather unique way too.visually and sound-wise this is really awesome; even more so if you keep in mind that the astronauts are a 10-people-team or so.without any doubt: go get it! 9/10 points"
,Recommended,258520,12294982,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Calister,Beautiful visuals and interesting story.  The investigative mechanics are interesting and fun.  You can piece together the story in whichev er way you want.  I grew concerned at the beginning because I ran into something that was such a departure from what I'd been introduced to so far that I thought I'd hit something that I should've seen much farther into the game.  If that happens to you don't worry about it.  It'll make sense eventually.
76561198034064338,Recommended,258520,12296631,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,NiNJ45t4R,"Spectacular graphics and very immersive environments... Play this at night with the lights off. I actually screamed here in the house by myself. This game is truly a work of art and a rare glimpse into the future of 3D textures and models. The soundtrack is perfect and really adds to the depth of the experience. The only bad thing is that the game is over in just a few hours. Although not a huge area, the effort spent is contructing the environments is apparent - and it definitely paid off - the world is one of the prettiest digital worlds I've ever visited. Imagine the future with games the size of GTA with the visual precison of Ethan Carter... This is a landmark game."
76561197970368324,Recommended,258520,12297221,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,baldman6,"Great visuals, interesting puzzles and a killer story. The ending was worth the ride. Highly recommended!"
76561198025225541,Recommended,258520,12298167,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,lvasa,"This game is excellent 95% of the time. The graphics is incredible. I consider myself a bit of an expert, and I see the graphics as *visibly better* than in CG-freaky games such as Crysis or Stalker. It is not the difference you get between a 720p and 1080p game, where you have to pixel peek to actually see it. The graphics is just simply way more realistic, thanks to the photogrametry technology used. I have never felt this way with a game - you are not walking through something that reminds a forest - you are walking in a *real* forest. And just walking there is amazing. Look in any direction you choose, make a screenshot, and you have a beautiful postcard or scene for a *very* nice 2D adventure game. I wonder what would it feel like to be playing the game on Oculus.At the same time, the game has a great atmosphere where you can't be really sure about anything. There are puzzles that are mostly clever, yet not difficult (I would say that some are actually too easy). You feel eager to discover what is behind the story, and in the end, the story makes quite good sense, unlike some other ""mystery"" games.There are just a few cons. The game is short (I have reached the finale in under 6 hours, and I think I have interacted with everything that allows interaction), and a lot of time you just keep wondering what are you supposed to do next. When playing, keep in mind that you can crouch, which is a feature that is necessary on exactly one location in the whole game.To summarize, I think the game demonstrates a great potential, and on its own is a lot of fun. Certainly recommended if adventures are your cup of tea, because this one shows the future of the genre."
76561198035619379,Recommended,258520,12301688,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,T. Fury,"Phenominal. It proves that you can have an atmospheric horror game without cheap jump-scares.You play as Paul Prospero, a paranormal detective, as you search for a missing boy. You follow his trail by 'living' his short stories in a hope of finding clues as to his whereabouts.This game feels like a cross between ""The Sixth Sense"" and ""Sherlock Holmes""."
,Recommended,258520,12302133,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Brick,"A short-story in first-person puzzle form.The breathtakingly beautiful scenery helps you absorb the decent story and plot, it more than makes up for the not very challenging gameplay/puzzles.It's an experience unlike any other, most akin to Dear Esther, but with interactivity.Recommended:+ Beautiful world+ Great atmosphere+ Good story/plot+ The world isn't huge, but exploration is key, some variation in routes.- Would've liked it to be longer- Puzzles are often too easy, clues just pop up if you get close enough."
76561197962194555,Recommended,258520,12302405,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,waltsdog88,"Fun story and game mechanics but the very short duration of the game and not enough real content besides a very beautiful world doesn't make it worth $20, wait for a sale.  Still giving it a thumbs up, though."
76561198086244662,Recommended,258520,12303831,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ABadJoke,"Ok, lets keep this short... like the game...I'm torn, really i am.I liked this game, i loved the mood and the graphical quality.the first murder investigation was very good, good concept and UI and it felt like you were picking clues and solving it.BUT...And its a pretty big but, excuse the pun.tThere are only 6 of these things, sure that sounds like a sizeable amount but only 2, maybe stretching 3 of them actually required ANY thought what so ever.for sake of spoilers i wont name them here but it really wasnt enough.out of the 2, yes TWO puzzles, one was really quite different and unique, the other, pretty generic, collect these things and match shapes to unlock a gate.. yay.Saying this i did miss 3 'missions' when you complete the game it shows you the areas that you missed, but that reqired me trekking right back through the game and then trying to find them and that felt like a kick in the teeth. if they are easy enough to miss when i scoured the map, then they are not easy enough to find, or maybe i was being blind.Im no fool, i realise how good this game is, i appreciate the feeling of unease, the oddness of the area and its people. But in my wholehearted opinion, it was far short with bare minimum, content. the trailer made me think i was going to be solving the dissperance of a little boy , be that through kidnap or monstrosities otherwise, sifting through tragedys of an entire town and discover their untimly demise or dissaperances, but in this whole area, its just a family, one family in this place.ok so its bullet point time, so you get the gist, y'know.Pros..Great atmosphere, certain parts are pretty creepy and interesting!.Graphical quality is AMAZING, i did not expect to see the sights i saw, with great optimisation!.nice UI!.Detective mode, at least the times where the game makes you use your head, are cool and very well done!.Ok story, not the best IMO but again, i did miss three 'missions'!.Controls are good and the mouse was nice and smooth to play with!.A fair amount of graphical customisation options!Cons.. Way way way too short, right when i was getting sucked into the world, it ended. For me, i had a few sound bugs, useing a logitec G930 head set, i had some crackling, and a missing sound or two in places, this may be down to hardware, but ive not run into problems with any other games.. Some of the lip syncing was way out, especially with ethan. The price for such a short gameSummaryAll in all i Really reccomend this game if you like your narrative adventures, the graphics are pretty and its obvious the developers knew what they wanted to acheive.Ireccomend this game BUT...For 14 pounds and 99 pence for, 4 maybe 5 hours of game time, i cant recommend this at full price.I dont want to starve the devs of their hard work, but i feel this price tag was set a little bit too high.I have bought it, have no regrets, and i dont expect somthing for nothing, but it felt just too short lived for the cost.For gameplay; a high 8/10for price/value; a 5/10maybe a 7-8 pound price tag i owuld have felt a little better :)long(ish) review, if you stuck through it thankyou!"
,Recommended,258520,12305920,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,cyberdude2403,"A unique game, really quite different. The graphics are the best I have seen on any platform."
,Recommended,258520,12306176,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Steleet,This is a really fun game and the graphics are insane!  I really hope this developer keeps it up.  The only problem I have is the $20 price tag and the less than 4 hour playthrough.
,Recommended,258520,12307416,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Strange One,"I found this game to be very engaging. The sense of dread and horror was well complimented by the puzzles, music, and beautiful visuals. It's not a game for everyone, but if you're a fan of Lovecraft, I highly recommend it."
76561198002687387,Recommended,258520,12308507,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,parkinsonsJihad,great game so far...
,Recommended,258520,13667087,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheToad,"Story:The story pulls you in, and to me it felt like I was playing out a novel. I was expecting it to be a bit like Silent Hill, just less scary and more realistic, and I guess that's (sort of?) what it was. There was one part of the game that made me jump in my seat, but other than that it wasn't really scary, just a bit creepy (in a good way). I wasn't completely satisfied with the ending, but everything up until then was great. It took me about 7,5 hours to clear the whole game (with the exception of a ""hidden"" achievement that I looked up online), so it's a pretty short, but excellent, game.Gameplay:In a way this game felt a bit limiting, as I've gotten used to being able to jump when I play games. Stupid, I know. Who goes around jumping all the time anyway? I also thought more than once that it would be nice to be able to check your inventory, but again, I eventually got used to actually having to use my brain and remember what I picked up.There were a few glitches, such as ""something"" that you could turn on and off that suddenly became unclickable. I thought that the bug was probably just a part of the game, and was stuck for a long time running around trying to find out where to go next. Then. when I restarted the game, that ""something"" became clickable again, and I was finally able to go where I was suppose to. Also, some clues and items that I picked up would get returned to where I found them every time I restarted the game, but these are just minor details. All in all things were great.Graphics:Beautilful. Everything in Red Creek Valley looked great. The buildings, the scenery. Everything.Music:Beautiful. So much so that I even consider buying the soundtrack. I even sat through all the credits just so I could listen to the music...Overall score:9/10"
,Recommended,258520,13818079,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CrimsonCape,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was every bit a delight to play. This game looked incredible and was overall an amazing experience. I had no problem becoming immersed in the in-game world and I loved every minute of it. This to me was a fresh take on a detective game and should be the new standard for the genre. I look forward to any new games from this developer in the future and will most certainly recommend this game to my friends.10/10
,Recommended,258520,13819126,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Slaybelz,2 hours in and I've spent most of that time admiring the beginning of the game
,Recommended,258520,13819486,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Phazorknight,"Review:“I could feel two kinds of darkness here in Red Creek Valley.The first you walked into, and, with any luck, walked out of. But the other darkness was deeper, stickier, unknowable. And it wanted me to leave.”The sun is setting over the gorgeous landscape. I enter the empty house that seems desolate and abandoned and pick up a piece of paper. A short story is written on it, the kind of story that tells you a lot about the author. It is written by Ethan Carter, the one I came here to find.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game thats all about mood and atmosphere. In first person you explore a beautiful and serene environment that contains clues and puzzles, remnants of past events. The more you progress and the closer you look, the more you find out about what happened.The low-key storytelling and overall gameplay is similar to Gone Home or Ether One. It has a bit more challenging puzzles and more intense moments than Gone Home and is also a bit longer, though still not very long or particularly challenging. I took my time taking everything in and i still was able to finish the game within about 3 hours. The writing, graphics and sound are excellent though and it offers an experience that regards story and atmosphere over challenge or longevity."
76561197972618858,Recommended,258520,14469932,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Yam Man,"Just finished The Astronauts​' 'The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter' game. Absolutely gorgeous visuals! Reminded me a little of the old game 'The 7th Guest' except less taxing puzzles and a wide open area. The music was excellent as well. Story was a nice little Lovecraft-ian tale, let down a bit by some stilted performances and dialogue. 7.5/10, worth playing if you're into narrative-based games. Can't wait to see what they do next!"
,Recommended,258520,14470958,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MiskaK,"http://imgur.com/NdXtyJD,C1p3TU0,UfC3Evc,NEaIfTB,orwi0MW#0"
,Recommended,258520,14473352,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,~freedom~fries~,"*No spoilersThis game majors on graphics, music, and the eeriness while in the presence of a beautiful landscape. It reminded me a tiny bit of Dear Esther in this sense, though with less linear travelling as an option and more importantly puzzles... you are a detective after all. I'm not going to get into the story as I think it distracts from my personal review and those who find it satisfying in the end or not will vary somewhat from person to person.The game warns at the beginning about this in that it is not going to hold your hand. This is a good thing too, so don't ruin the game by giving up on a puzzle and turning to wikipedia. The puzzles are not that hard, though some are fun challenge. The fun in each puzzle is really figuring out what you're supposed to figure out.Perhaps the biggest surprise/disappointment was the length of the game. I think I had almost 5 hours down and I have 3 kids and a wife, which translates into lots of 10-15 minute paused times. I'd guess the game took me somewhere around 4 hours... which at the price isn't much. Some might find that disappointing, but for me it was perfect. I love jumping into a story so visually rich and engaging - I kept wanting to find what was around some hill or in between some rocks I saw ahead (even though many times it was nothing, but when it was it was worth finding).Summary: If you love the story telling in games, visually stunning environments, and a subtle eeriness then this is a great game for an evening by yourself."
76561197967701033,Recommended,258520,14474505,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,stat_1238,"This game is a good one to really sit down and sink yourself into. It's a little confusing at first as to what you're supposed to do. I recommend watching the gameplay demo before starting, since all of the main mechanics are explained in it, but not at all in the game itself.There was the one section that I think was out of character compared to the rest of the game. It contained a jump-scare that we were not prepared for since the rest of the game did  not seem to do that kind of thing. It kind of put us off a bit, so if you dislike that like we do read this spoiler section so that you can avoid it, hopefully without giving anything extra away:If you descend lower into the mine, and go past the warning telling you that it's not safe because ""the ritual failed"", this is the area with the jump scare. You will hear noise and see lantern light. Run away from it if you can, but you might just suddenly get attacked by something. The rest of game contains nothing like this, and you can calmy and confidently enjoy the mystery and the story.I really liked this, played with a friend and we had a blast discussing as we tried to piece together the puzzles and mysteries. Beautiful graphics just wander around in for fun, and a great spooky atomosphere to keep your head in the game, and keep you on task."
76561198048948693,Recommended,258520,14476162,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,λλλ,One of a kind game that is thrilling to the end.
,Recommended,258520,14476422,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,mnorton52,"Enjoyed it, very different"
76561198139496768,Recommended,258520,14505250,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jeggelaar,"Good game.Short, but a strong story that will remain with you after it's done. Excellent graphics, great music. Great atmosphere.  Puzzles are a little easy but not overly so."
76561198043461447,Recommended,258520,14507279,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,midnightxpress,It's fairly short. It's a fantasticly well done interactive story. I was very impressed at the various areas to explore including entire buildings that had no role in the game except to add to the richness. Seriously I have spent a lot of the time appreciating the detail in the scenery knowing that the game doesn't have a time limit nor can one die playing.
,Recommended,258520,14519085,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bear Bait,This game comes the closest to making you feel like a real detective than any detective type of game I have ever played. You have to actually think about the clues that are presented to figure out what went down at each investigation. The world is very beautiful and you could sit there looking at the scenery for hours. Also be warned that this game could make you loose track of several hours of your life that you never knew passed because it is that fun to play. The only thing that I would say that is a downfall of this game is that it does not have enouph investigations to do. I would have loved to have been able to do a lot more of them.
,Recommended,258520,14520221,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ava,"Beautiful, haunting, and sad."
76561197969098902,Recommended,258520,14521645,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GriffZero,"Probably one of the best looking games I've played!  Just plain gorgeous!  Overall a really great game with some minor shortcomings.  The game is about finding a young boy, Ethan Carter.  There is no hand holding in the game, it even tells you that at the start.  You are plopped down in the world and let loose to do what you will.  Exploration is the big thing.  There is no shooting or fighting or jumping.  You cannot die.  If I were to compare it to another game, I'd say it is like Myst, but with less puzzles and a darker story.  It is definitely creepy at times.  A bit like how Alan Wake is.  The murder solving aspects are pretty cool, but they are not very challenging.  I liked the story, it was original and it has a cool ending.  The game is short, around 4 hours.  Honestly I wish it was longer because it was really fun to explore.  I'm really looking forward to whatever The Astronauts make next!Pros:-Gorgeous game!  Fantastic graphics!  Very immersive world.-Pretty cool story.  Original idea and it had a cool ending.-Easy to play and really fun to explore.-Dark undertones with some HP Lovecraft flavor.-A bit like Myst and Alan Wake, but with no shooting-Putting the crime scenes together is a unique idea and I enjoyed it.Cons:-Since you are just free to go where you want, I ended up having to do some back tracking at the end of the game to complete everything.  Which was a bit annoying.-I wanted more challenging puzzles.  Everything is pretty easy to solve.  I don't know if I'd even call them puzzles.  In comparison, Myst is more challenging when it comes to puzzles.-Pretty short game, maybe 4 hours.  I wish it was longer because it was really enjoyable to explore.So, if you like games like Myst mixed with an Alan Wake vibe, you would like this!  More like Myst though.  I highly recommend it!"
76561198012357701,Recommended,258520,14523946,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Samsational,"First off, very, very short game. Took me maybe 4 hours, and I was taking my time. What's here is very, very good, though. Probably one of the best looking games I've ever played, and it runs really smooth considering the quality of the textures and everything, even without a top-of-the-line rig. Gameplay-wise, I really like the simplicity of everything. They don't waste your time with a tutorial (you've played video games before, figure it out), and there's really only one button to interact with the world. The investigation stuff and puzzles aren't very hard, but they are pretty unique. This game is more about story-telling than making you struggle through challenges. The atmosphere of the whole game is excellent, and the soundtrack backs it up very well. Overall, an increbily polished game that's entertaining to play and has a cool story. I just wish there was more of it. 9/10PROS:Graphics, soundtrack, simplicity, story, originality, polishCONS:Length, infrequent auto-saves"
76561198009343606,Recommended,258520,14532390,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mr Trailman,"Very intriguing game from start to finish.  If it's $10 or less, buy it!"
76561198061903331,Recommended,258520,14533532,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MellowCell,"For me I had a little trouble getting a hang of the mechanics at first so ... it wouldn't be a spoiler if i said this:Find the clues in a particular area to unlock a vision. When a word is in multiples and floating around, look around slowly until it becomes one word and then you can access a vision.As for my opinion of the game, it was beautiful,. The ending was a little sad and a little oh.. wow, but all together a satisfying close to a fantastic game. Little stories throughout, great places to explore...I reccommend."
,Recommended,258520,14525127,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,brettskii,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit, even though it is very short. It's premise is a mystery/exploration game. The graphics and scenery in this game are probbaly the best I have seen on my PC to date.It's nice just walking through the forest and around the water to take in the visuals. I would recommend picking this one up on sale due to it's short length. If you only enjoy action games, then you will not like this one."
76561197973575269,Recommended,258520,14525396,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,jokami,"Good athmosphere and excellent grphics, but don't expect a long gaming experience."
76561198014590009,Recommended,258520,15406851,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,gordan,"This game is to games what poetry is to words.It is beautiful on every level: soundtrack, visually and in the storytelling.It is quite amazing how much beauty has been packed into such a relatively short game."
,Recommended,258520,15173204,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Jay,"An absolutely gorgeus game, at times breathtaking to look at. The story was touching, up there with the likes of Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, even if it didn't tie in so seamlessly with the core gameplay mechanics as Brothers did.The game took me a little over three hours to finish, and since the game is so story-heavy there isn't really much replay value. On the other hand though, one could argue that the relatively short length of the game works in it's advantage. The gameplay mechanics don't outstay their welcome at this length, and the story is just long enough to really take in in one sitting.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story about mysteries and the supernatural. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an expertly crafted, beautiful little story, and is definitely among the greatest games of 2014."
,Recommended,258520,15173310,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Crevarius,"An enjoyable, albeit unsettling, romp.  This game doesn't take long to complete, but that's alright because this game is not about the destination at all.  The journey is the part that matters here.I'd like some more Paul Prospero tales.  That would be cool.  If The Astronauts made another, I'd buy it."
,Recommended,258520,15175931,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,CK,"Beautiful game with stunning graphics made with the latest Unreal engine. Storyline is a bit short but is also truly heartbraking. I have rarely seen any games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and the overall experience is so amazing!10/10!"
,Recommended,258520,15176147,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Glee,"Gorgeous walking simulator with captivating atmosphere and narrative. Story is rather simple and does not make much sense most of the time (until the very end of the game, where everything is explained) so if you are expecting deep and rich detective story, you will be let down.Second thing to be aware of - game ""feels"" like open world experience, but it is not. In fact if you approach it as an open world (and start exploring), you will soon loose track of your location and all the puzzles. Game is designed more as a railroad story from point A to point B etc. - each  such ""point"" being 1 puzzle hub (murder scene). All the story parts, clues and other stuff needed to advance the story are always in the near vicinity, so don't wander too far of.If you take the game for what it is (4hrs of walking, looking around, listening and little thinking) and set your expectations accordingly, you will enjoy Ethan Carter as did I.Have fun and watch out for the cursed miner. :)"
,Recommended,258520,15176330,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,JRDH,"This game is amazing. For me it lasted around 3 hours, which might sound awful. But this game, unlike blatant money grabs such as The Order 1886, is so masterfully put together that it stands as one of the best games I've ever played.- Nearly photorealistic graphics- Beautiful soundtracl- Immersive atmosfphere- Great story- Thought-provoking puzzles- ExplorationNot only that, but all these elements put together make for an amazing and emotional experience.In just 3 hours, this game made me:- Gasp when looking at the environment- Feel afraid when exploring dark places- Feel for the characters thatare murdered in front of you- And, of course:♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants with its jumpscare bitBuy it on sale, it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,258520,15177609,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Leonintelex,"Nice to see a game where the focus is on a good quality story and not gaining XP.    Probably the best looking game out at the moment and kept me gripped until the end, the puzzles were sublime and rewarding on completion.   Shame it lasted only 4 hours but prefer a shorter game rather than one that takes months to complete (I lose interest easily!).    Make sure you stick with it until the end, the finale is worth it and everything drops into place."
76561197978909241,Recommended,258520,15178427,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,thescaryone,"This is a great game. It is very fun, the story is intriguing, and it will leave you thinking after the credits roll. My only complaint is game length. If I had paid $20 for a 4 hour long (100% run, no guides other than a difficult achievement) game, I would have been pretty upset. At $8-$10 is this games sweetspot in my money for value category.The environments are beautifully designed, with the flora and water being very impressive visually. The different areas of the game have radically different design, all very nice. The characters and game mechanics are well thought out. I would love to see a 20-30 hour game in a similar design."
,Recommended,258520,15178589,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Satholin,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is much unlike any other game that I have played recently, and I must say that it was very enjoyable. The game itself isn't very long but has a very well written story and AMAZING atmosphere. Seriously. If there were other games that looked this nice I'd buy them just for screenshots.Buy this game If you want to be immersed world and a well written story. It'll be worth it."
76561197996860706,Recommended,258520,15178656,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Masterj,"The game itself is short but it is well worth it for the story alone. Graphics are amazing, you just want to explore every inch of this place at stare at the grass wondering how they made it look real."
,Recommended,258520,15178685,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Moobyghost,An absolute beautiful game and setting. Decent puzzles. Slightly intriguing story. Good music and atmosphere. I paid $8 and got 7 hours of enjoyment out of it. Fair deal. Was a pleasant mysterypuzzle game.
,Recommended,258520,15178688,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sormflaith,"I've never had a game leave me so emotionally drained...10/10PS. As has been said by everyone else, it's far too short. The quality of the content in there is top-notch, though!"
,Recommended,258520,15179057,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,BorgeJ,"Wow, just finished the game and its a amazing, beautiful graphical journey and has a solid and thruthfull story. I only wish other game developers lay this much work into the sorroundings, setting and soundtrack of each game! Absolutely astonishing!"
,Recommended,258520,15179651,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,h,"A game well worth the money. The graphics are breathtaking, the storyline although sometimes uncooked is compelling, a game that tells a story. Did I mention the graphics?"
,Recommended,258520,15163297,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,JV2501,"I got so afraid of this universe right on top, because it really knows how a mistery story should feel in a dynamic, interactive and personal medium as video games are. It has such sensitive aesthetics. The game pulled me so easily towards its mysteriousness, that it took me some time to realize the structure in wich it had been developed (both in level design and narrative terms). As the most impressive strenght of the game, the ""unobjectiveness"" between crucial moments, surrounded by the level design and sound styles, made it possible for me to develop not only a personal and thoughtfull sense of the story, not only to rise questions about what was presented to me and what would still come up, but, mostly, I didn't felt the sense of urgency, so common in video games. ""This game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand"", it says in the beginning. And they mean it, wich is loveble,  When you know what you have to do, right after you've just finished doing something that you, not so long ago, knew that you had to do, there is no space for the player to participate. One can only fulfill the needs that have already been defined by those who created the game. But the freedom from condescending objectivity was what made possible for me to create and appreciate the whole experience.9/10"
76561198174113386,Recommended,258520,15183559,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,RakeyRakey,"Visually beautiful and immersive, albeit a bit short."
,Recommended,258520,15183589,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Smokey,"Think of this game as a book. An interactive book. And you will probably understand the price tag. Its not a game in that sense, but as i said, an interactive book. This is the best experience, from my point of view, from those times you enjoy a book so much, you want to experience more of it, inhale it. This ""game"" / ""book"" is right on the target. The price for this experience is not much. Consider the alternatives: Movie, book, beer, bag of candies... all of those things, and compare it to this. You will then see, that this experience is well indeed worth its price. But its hard to see it that way, until you have experienced it.I want to have loads of this interactive books, so keep them coming. Specially this games, always reminds me of a dark autumn day, when you have nothing to do, and the world seems boring and dull. This will give you more of this. So much darkness, so much life, so much death... so much nature. You got to have this experience... or you will miss out.I have ""played"" Dear Esther, but this interactive book, is so much better.Also, i must mention. I very rarely get scared with games, or on movies. But this one scared me. It might just be me. But ""play"" this alone, in the dark, a few hours, and you will experience creeping horror, things that can not be touched, but sensed. It will get you. It is waiting for you. Dont you hear its calling your name ?"
76561197971276058,Recommended,258520,15185309,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,debe.sys,"This game has to be seen to be believed. In my humble opinion, it is one of several truly groundbreaking narrative driven games to be produced in the past 25 years. There's sci-fi, there's mysticism, drama, horror and all that is packed in a 4-5 hour long walk without loading screens, inventories, stats or any other nonsense to think about. And the story is decent (expected much worse from the descriptions). Furthermore, although major part of game's mechanics is new (at least to me), it all feels extremely natural and intuitive. This is truly next gen of gaming, accessible to regular folk, who can't be bothered with strategy, absurd role playing systems, tedious killing of everything in sight, or stupid skill based platforming. When I read a book or watch a film, I don't need any of that crap, and so it should be with narrative driven games. On the other hand, it also has cool puzzles, some action, and non-linear exploration (that feels controlled by the exactly right amount). So by no means it can be compared to the likes of Dear Esther (that I personally did not like at all).The game also has the best graphics I have ever seen outside of CGI cinema. And it runs fine with everything-on on an average laptop (resolution may have to be reduced, but it's worth it). Compared to this, a similar game Ether One looks and runs absolutely awful. I hardly resisted uninstalling it after I finished Carter (I'm 1/3 through there). Mind: Path to Thalamus or Talos Principle are extremely pretty and well optimized, but even they are well, WELL below this game in terms of graphics. This game is in the league of its own. It's like HL2 next to HL (ok, I'm probably overreacting, but it may well be the correct comparison). It is also the first game ever where I was consciously framing the visuals as if for photos on a real life trip. Thankfully, in Steam you just need to press F12 to make a snapshot.BTW, I haven't played the latest Far Cry or Call of Duty, because I have no time for that and they would not run on my laptop ;) On the other hand, I doubt they would look any better than this.And BTW, don't watch the intro vids available here on Steam. I watched them after I played the game, and imho they include too many spoilers in them."
76561198050901652,Recommended,258520,14489391,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Corio,"Like others stated - short, but a beautifully crafted game. A real gem!"
,Recommended,258520,14490812,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Tin31086,"This game is both beautiful and engrossing. I am very tense when playing this game, even though there is absolutely no combat at all. The music and the atmosphere do a wonderful job of sucking you into the world"
,Recommended,258520,14494942,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Thogin[GZ],"This is an interactive story requiring you to solve puzzles to get deeper into the story.  If you like stories, love puzzles, then this is a D-product for you.  This ""IS"" does not hold your hand so you need at think outside the box to solve or to even find some of the puzzles.  The product leaves you hanging a bit, but other than that the visuals and sound are second to none."
,Recommended,258520,14495339,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Khorax,"This game is a lovely peice of artwork, and fantastic. A must-play for any adventure game lover, and a fantastic story with some interesting twists and turns. My only compliant is that it's too short, and that the only replay value is in exploring the lovely setting and reliving the stories all over again. That said, I was mesmerized. I wish the ending continued with more-of-the-same, but it ultimately felt like they were just trying to end it, and the last few puzzles were weak and uninspired.I'd definitely recommend this game, especially if it is on sale."
76561198042405621,Recommended,258520,14495895,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ehgi,"There is one thing I can say for sure about The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter; its beautiful. The imagry, the story, the game took my breath away, and quite literally since I finished the game bawling like a child. The emotional attachment I had to Red Creek Valley and young Ethan by the end of the game are what makes me consider this game above all else a success. Horror wise the game was more high tension with a few jump scares, but once you know the whole story you understand that you needed that sense of nervousness to appriciate it. If these things are enough for you then go now, stop reading this review and delve into the game. Don't rush though, let the world envelope you and the story take you away; I promise it will be worth every penny."
76561197989742063,Recommended,258520,14498366,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Grammaton Cleric,"Amazing, to be honest the game mechanics werent clear to me to begin with and I have to admit I looked at some walkthroughs.Once you learn the game mechanics sit back and enjoy the story.The gameplay is very emersive and the graphics... wow... if you thought skyrim was great wait until you see this game!The soundtrack deserves its own recognition well a perfect fit to the ambience of the world around you.The game has many suprises, scary ... dramatic and hell even funny... astronaut?? lol9 out of 10 thats for sure. check out my screenshots to see the game in 2560x1080 fully maxed out!"
76561198035586587,Recommended,258520,14514025,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DOOMINATOR,"This is a very well done detective game set in a beautiful location. The story in this game - without spoiling anything - was very creepy and unexpected. The graphics are without a doubt some of the best graphics I have ever seen in a game. They are truely photorealistic and the music and sound design is excellent.The first thing this game tells you is that it will not hold your hand. While I admire this very much, and believe more games should do this, there were points in the game where I felt a little hint or two would have been very useful. I spent one point in the game wandering around for over an hour with no idea what to do (I refuse to ask the internet for help). I also walked through much of the game without realising I was missing important things that were necessary to complete the story (even though I was convinced I had searched everything - aparrently not). It took me two hours before I realised what I had to do. After that, I was finally able to begin piecing the story together with the 'Visualisation' system.But despite my stuggles to twig onto the games machanics, I loved it from beginning to end. It was beautiful, peaceful, and, at one point, terrifying. A must buy for anyone who likes a good story."
76561198179917546,Recommended,258520,14558464,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,justsouk,Good graphics and atmosphere
,Recommended,258520,14566927,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Trappist,Fantastic!
,Recommended,258520,13399541,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Pailly The Paladin,"This game grabbed me from the start and held me till the very end. when i reached the end i was a little upset cause i wanted more. i wanted to hear more find more see more of this beautiful story. this game, i wont be forgetting any time soon and i will be watching to see if there is anything else they deside to realse for it. loved it, get it. the Puzzles are diffrent the grpahics are amazing the story is just perfect. for how much it cost, well worth it."
,Recommended,258520,13384357,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Graem 117,"I have no real words to say on how amazing this game was to play. Its one of those experiences that you enjoy to play in, and sometimes you have no idea why you love it so much. Is it the story, the music, the views, the graphics or even the puzzles? Whatever it is, it has given me a experience I had not enjoyed in a long time. Its now at my top favorite games along with journey, flower, halo and many others. I highly recommend to play this and while your playing just stop once in a while to really enjoy the setting your in, even if the story is a bit dark."
76561198025073550,Recommended,258520,13398140,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,faithlessjoker,"It's an enjoyable mystery game that has an excellent story. My only complaint is that while the game is all for not hand holding, I felt some of the puzzles were too vague. 8.5/10"
76561198013008731,Recommended,258520,13211192,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Traven,An excellent game... too short unfortunatelyUn jeu excellent... trop court toutefois
,Recommended,258520,13262697,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Phodo Hatchbackins,"When I first heard aboutVanishingI thought it would be some sort of murder mystery/action game a la L.A. Noire. I was of course wrong. It's far closer toDear Esther, but with more interaction with the world/puzzles. In some sense I guess you could consider it a lite version of an old point and click. In first person.I paid about $10 for this game, and, really, that's what it all comes down to for me. When I'm done with a game, I ask myself if the money I paid for it was worth it. Normally I try to quantify this by comparing the amount of hours I played a game to the amount I paid for it. The more hours per dollar, the better. There are exceptions, though, andVanishingis one of them.It's short. I didn't even get the 7 hours Steam says I got; I was idling my computer for a couple of them. It should take about five hours or so for you to complete in full. It's a worthwhile experience that's interesting throughout, with a solid soundtrack, stunning visuals, and a pretty damn good story that wraps itself up nicely and even delivers a feel or two.As the game will tell you the moment you start playing, it does not hold your hand. I was excited to hear that; in fact, it was probably the reason I said ""Oh what the hell?"" and picked it up.But.The game won't exactly be intuitive at first. My advice to you would be to take your time and try to get a feel for things before resorting to moving on. Exhaust your options. Once you understand how the game flows, you'll enjoy it a lot more. I bring this up because I failed to complete one area, realized it later on, and had to make tracks back to a prior area to make things right. Don't make my mistake: avoid unnecessary backtracking with prudence.I wouldn't call the puzzles challenging, but most of them are creative and engaging.Vanishingsuffers the same curse as all point and click/mystery games, though, and it can get annoying. To ""solve"" an area you'll need to interact with certain objects, all of those objects, in a specific way. And if you don't you can't move on. In a point and click you'll end up clicking on random spaces on the screen hoping to find something useful. TheVanishingequivalent of this is slamming down the shift key and running all around the area desperately hoping to find something you overlooked. Be creative and keep a sharp eye out and this won't bother you too much.If I can spend $13 to see a bad movie, I think I can spend $10 to play a pretty good game. Tonight,The Vanishing of Ethan Carteris that game, and I recommend you make it yours too."
,Recommended,258520,13264808,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,skurrier,"Incredibly beautiful, excellent storyline and an engaging atmosphere. It's like Dear Esther with puzzles.Sadly let down by it's length. It feels like a very large place with not much to do in it. While the puzzles are engaging, there's a lot of space between them and it doesn't feel like there's enough to do to make it feel ""full"".Or maybe I've been playing too many other games where the environment is more ""rich"" - this is the only criticism I have of Dear Esther too.Strongly recommended when on sale."
76561198068993112,Recommended,258520,15196852,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Icecream,"When they said at the begining that they won't hold you hand, they mean it.Con: Kind of making me motion sick."
76561198069609252,Recommended,258520,15197506,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,cx040156,"One of the Best games I played recently.Sotoryline: Awesome start, attractive and addictive in the beggining. However, the end is not so explanatory, leaving me feel like nothing actually happened. Like it's just a dream? Me myself can think of better ending.Graphic: Awesome, feeling like it's real, Took so many screenshots. However, the optimisation is not the best, my laptop is performinng lame in the highest definition.Music: Awesome. Fits the enviorment perfectly,  Improve the atmosphere.Although it's a rather short game but the expirience was so great. Especially the scenery and music. Recommend to anyone. Worth the money"
,Recommended,258520,15198449,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Murieron,"FIRST OFF! I would like to give the devs two thumbs up for this masterpiece!!!THIS STORY IS WHATEVER THE PLAYER WANTS TO MAKE OF IT. The game is beautiful in terms of aesthetics and its story. Personally, I was initially on the fence as to what should be expected from this title as it is not my usual genre (usually having a preference for platformers and shooters) and some negative feedback with regards to the game ending and ""game save"" issues had me worried. With regards to the ""save point"" issues I read about, I EXPERIENCED NONE. As for the story, if you choose to take the story events at surface value you may have a negative experience, but I implore you to search the story for the deepest implications it could have and hopefully this work will leave you content at the very least.Pros:+ Amazing Graphical Style+ Beautiful Soundtrack+ In-depth Story+ Decent/Good Voice-acting+ Intuitive Game Mechanics+ Puzzle Quality; Hard enough usually to make you think for a second but generally not hard enough to cause frustration+ Environmental Exploration OpportunitiesCons:- Skipping over puzzle locations can lead to the need for back-tracking, which some may find frustrating- Dialogue sometimes cuts short if you leave from a ""scene"" area too quickly (rare occurrence)- Environmental Audio Transitions; on occassion environmental sound transitions are too abrupt (an example, would be standing in a doorway and hearing no sound from a nearby waterfall and then hearing it roar the moment you exit the doorway)- Lack of combat for those that appeals to- Somewhat short with around 5 hours of playtime***PURCHASING/AVOIDING POINTS******ABSOLUTE must-buy if looking for a quality game with a reasonable price-tag******AVOID if walking through the environment to find areas of interest bores you as you will have to do this some***I absolutely recommend this game and to those who play it, enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,258520,15199423,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Timmah.b,Amazing Game. Stunning Graphics and compelling story. Would buy a sequal in a heartbeat
76561198040816866,Recommended,258520,15199787,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,maddog2201,"Where do I start?Excellent, gripping story, puzzles for days, no hand holding, and a spooky storyline that is sure to give you goosebumps, along with a spectacular soundtrack, the game's short, but it packs a huge punch, a perfect story ark, beautiful scenery, amazing graphics, no loading screens.  Literally the only drawback to this game is the limited playtime, but if it were any longer it'd just be dragged out, if you really want to delve into an excellent mystery to solve, buy this game, you won't be dissapointed, just be prepared for no help."
,Recommended,258520,15199936,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Aquarius,"A superb adventure game with a really great atmosphere. My only (very minor) gripe is it was short. Graphics were excellent and the music and ambience were also top notch. The house of false interiors really made me nostalgic for Riven. I hope The Astronauts go on to make many more games as good as this, a game like this that's based around pure exploration and puzzle solving but that's more Myst/Riven like instead of a supernatural mystery would be wonderful. I wish this game had a bonus free roam mode that enabled day and night cycles."
76561198036988452,Recommended,258520,15200110,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,p5ychol,"Amazing how you can feel H.P Lovecraft atmosphere since first seconds of gameplay.Music and visiuals are just amazing.Be aware - game is only 4 hours long, still a good deal."
76561198064586781,Recommended,258520,15200762,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,aim_kill,i enjoyed this greatly!! need more games like this!
,Recommended,258520,15202444,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jefu,"Fantastic story game. True to its word, it doesn't hold your hand—but hold out and solve the puzzles yourself. It's worth it."
,Recommended,258520,15202757,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CHASEWHATMATTERS,"Glorious, beautiful and stunning. This game mades me feel like I just sat down and delved right into the world of Ethan Carter. The Graphics of this game will be the first surprise of the $20 game. You really should check out their method online, it involves taking thousands of photos of real objects to create 3D models in game. Next surprise will be the storyline, it was beautifully crafted with one heck of an ending. I beat this game in 4 hours flat but every second was well spent and well worth the price. I will absolutely be watching for more from this developer."
,Recommended,258520,15203745,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Teamwork. pfft. tell me another.,"Theres no explosions or car cases, but those things wil never compair to puzzles and story.This story is interesting, exploration with some enjoyable logic puzzles, it doesnt hold your hand with an inventory and a navigation arrow, but if you like puzzles then this will be easy but fun.Graphics! Wow. Amazingly it was okay on my system with everything on. The scenery is amazingly detailed and stunning. To quote someone in the forums ""I can't play this game, every five steps i have to take a screen shot"" and it is that pretty. If you're after huge open world super mathmatic impossible only for the elite players, your in the wrong place.Its a relaxing game with lots of appealing visuals, good mechanics, and a solid if not odd story that makes sense in the end."
76561198052280783,Recommended,258520,15204144,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Levi,"The game is very good to look at. The soundtrack is perfect. The gameplay is slow paced and the game can be completed in 4-8 hours, so if hate spending too much money for small games, I would reccomend buying it when it's on sale. Also the puzzles are easy to solve. I only got stuck in 3 places (excluding the easter egg that I had to look a guide to complete).I would only reccomend it if you have a quality PC and monitor and want to look at something beautiful or if you are extremely interested in detective stories. Supposedly the game will be virtual reality friendly soon, something that would make it extremely worth if you own a VR headset.8/10 Gameplay9/10 Graphics10/10 Sound"
76561198027470982,Recommended,258520,15204491,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sakri,This game really got under my skin. Would recommend!
76561198130229125,Recommended,258520,15220155,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Serenity,Stunningly beautiful graphics combined with beautifl music make this game one of my favorites. True it was a bit short but I enjoyed every single moment (even the jump scare ones) 10/10
,Recommended,258520,15222500,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dυєlρωη,"Amazing Graphics, Amazing Narrative, Lots to see.a little short but worth the money8/10"
76561197986530816,Recommended,258520,12405319,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,bendingo,"Captivating game play however, I would have preferred it if it explored the end scene a little bit more. Also, i thought that the scene featuring the space craft did not go anywhere; unlike the other scenes which fed the story. Despite this, I found it an enthralling and challenging game."
76561198044627372,Recommended,258520,12406024,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,edicspaz,"Thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game, outside of the solution to the puzzle in the mineshaft which still makes no sense to me (yes I collected all of the remains of the miners and used their symbols but I still dont understand the order). That minor annoyance aside I really like how unique it felt and how beautiful everything looked. The detective mechanics worked well for me and the ability to walk everywhere right from the get go was refreshing. I found myself walking the majority of the time rather than running which I cant say for almost any other game. The soundtrack was so absolutely perfect and added so much to the game.I REALLY HOPE THEY UPDATE THIS WITH VR SUPPORT! The Oculus would be absolutely brilliant with this game."
,Recommended,258520,12406266,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Sight Unseen,"Absolutely GORGEOUS game, one of the nicest looking games I've played in a long time.Aside from the graphics, the game is primarily a walking simulator with some very light puzzle elements. The story it tells is interesting and sucks you in. Unfortunately the payoff for the story is underwhelming.Overall a decent 3-4 hour stroll through a beautiful forest town with some very very strange goings-on.Not going to make my top games of all time list, but I enjoyed my time with it and don't regret buying it."
,Recommended,258520,12406579,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Aristarchus,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a well-told tale in the vein of The Twilight Zone. Drawing clear inspiration from concepts such as Dear Esther, the Astronauts paint a scary, suspensful, and moving story as they draw out the player's emotions. Their love for their craft is evident in the excellent voice-acting and sumptuous graphics. The beautifully rendered Red Creek Valley makes an enjoyable canvas for the story.It took me just over 5 hours to play through. Twice I came to points where I wasn't sure where to find my next clue. One item early on was pretty hard to find (in a pixel-hunting sense, though not exactly pixel-hunting) and another direction late in the game didn't stand out to me until I walked around a bit. Neither proved more than a slight delay.I consider this game money well-spent for 6 hours of entertainment (try that at the movies)! I highly recommend The Vanishing of Ethan Carter as an engaging interactive story."
76561198025013661,Recommended,258520,12407105,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Kirrok,"I finished playing through this game tonight. It is by far an amazing story driven experience that I would recommnd to anyone. It is a game full of hints from games like Myst, The Crystal Key and even horror games like Silent Hill. This game will leave you thinking during gameplay and also in between gameplay sessions. It has a great mix of puzzles that are not too hard and and not too easy. Buy it, it is short but you won't be sorry if you liked any of the other games I've mentioned."
,Recommended,258520,12409543,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,alloviacie,"Undeniably one of the best looking games on PC. It was a hell of a ride (or walking to be precise) even though a short one.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter lets you play as Prospero who must investigate and find, as the title suggests, Ethan Carter. As i play through, i find my self stopping every 5 minutes to take screenshots of each location. That's how beautiful this game is. The sounds and musics also fit in very well with the graphics. This alone makes it worth more than half of the game price.The other half is the feeling of wanting more as you discover the story of this game. While some may say the story and the puzzles are simple, i find them to be the right mixture at its own pace. Strongly recommended!!"
76561198016397464,Recommended,258520,12409575,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,BigShaman,"If you are an american horror stories fan, you can't miss this atmposhperic horror which pays tribute to H.P. Lovecraft, Poe and King. Don't expect any action, this game is all about exploration and the eerie feeling of being in a desolated town where bizarre things happen I really liked the investigation system, it was pretty innovative, also the visuals are really astonishing.Nice work!"
,Recommended,258520,12415076,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,BeneCan,This is a realy great game it is beautiful in every way and its a very hard game that gets you hooked dont expect it to be easy though its not...at all
76561197992159199,Recommended,258520,12418240,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,CoolFox,"Incredible imersion. Its just... mindblowingly beutiful to look at, and to listen to. Anyone who liked Myst or Riven will be blown away by this game.Imagine hiking though a secluded mountain village with a murder mystery to solve, and you have the gist of the game. There is one bit in an underground mine that has a jump scare, which is the ONLY time I wanted to stop playing this game."
76561198014219493,Recommended,258520,16407445,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mr_Bibbles,"It has an atmospheric environment and story that leaves you slightly unsetteled as the mystery unfolds. It can be a little frustrating in the beginning, as you figure out how to solve the puzzles but, once you do, you cannot put the game down until you finish it. And the ending is fantastic! Buy the game while it's on sale and enjoy!"
,Recommended,258520,16407858,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jager,"Great, but very odd, game!  Loved the puzzles and the overall story of this game.  Quite fun trying to piece everything together and trying to figure out what is actually going on."
,Recommended,258520,16409937,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Umbra Velum,"I'm basically echoing what most review-ers are saying, here, but the game is beautiful, strange, and short. I would recommend getting it while it's on sale (as the full price is not worth something which can easily be beaten in one sitting, as I did), though you should definitely get it.It is worth noting that, for me at least, the game peaked at the beginning and never quite picked back up. The first mystery you solve is in my opinion the best, and those that follow get progressively easier and less engaging as time goes by."
,Recommended,258520,16410008,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DedarkZ,"I highly recommend this game.I wasn't sure what to expect when I first played this game. I bought it on a whim while it was on sale, after I had seen a screenshot of the artwork on a website. I know now that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a beautifully crafted work of art. The visuals in this game are stunning, the soundtrack is incredible, and the way the story is revealed is interesting, and unique. The game specifically states that it does not hold your hand, thus it is up to you to figure out what to do. I'll admit I had some troubles figuring out what to do at first. However, it's not hard or complicated.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter loosely reminds me of Dear Esther. The main difference being that in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, you interact with the world much more than in Dear Esther. But both games utilize a narrator that helps drive along the story, both environments are gorgeous, and both games have great soundtracks.I only have three small issues with the game. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a little on the short side. It is only a few hours long, depending on how fast you move.  Another issue is with the ending, it's a wee bit of a let down. But I'm just being picky. Finally, I thought the voice acting could have been much better. The actors seemed very inexperienced. But aside from these minor things, the game is still fantastic. I do not regret my purchase at all."
76561198040638662,Recommended,258520,16410080,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rekka1212,GOT IT FOR 6 BUCKS ON STEAM SALE.   The graphics alone are worth that. ♥♥♥♥♥♥  I cannot believe this is Unreal engine.  I don't even think it's 4 either.  I watched a video on how they made it taking pic's of real life images but holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this is by far one of the best look games ever made.
76561197974132427,Recommended,258520,16410357,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,drevtheblack,Really cool!
,Recommended,258520,16410827,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CoryBlink,Great game!  Such a good story and the graphics/visiuals are amazing. only con is that it could be longer.
76561198082212527,Recommended,258520,16410864,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AndreaMeg,This game is beautifully fantastic.  It game me just the right amount of puzzle mixed with irkiness.
,Recommended,258520,16332442,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DJ Meowschwitz,This game.....punched me the feels...
76561197989975013,Recommended,258520,16298420,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,That's The Spirit ツ,"The Vanishing of Ethan Cater is a story that follows Paul Prospero, a detective with a paranormal ability to communicate with the dead, who travels to Red Creek Valley in search of a missing boy named Ethan Carter.What stood out to me about this game immediately was how non-linear it was. It does not provide you with any hints, instructions, or hold your hand at any point throughout the story. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter encourages you to explore it's entirety and piece the story together yourself. It's a refreshing change of pace since it lets you absorb the games beautiful atmosphere and figure things out for yourself.Without spoiling any of the story, I will say that it is engaging enough to make you want to play to the end to find out what happens. The games plot revolves primarily around dealing with the supernatural and has a very somber undertone to it.The dark undertone of the story goes hand in hand with the games atmopshere. The game is visually stunning and has some incredible detail. Everywhere from the claustrophobic areas to the wide open landscapes, I think if there's one thing anyone takes away from this game is how stunning and photorealistic it is.In terms of gameplay, it is pretty simplistic. While you are free to explore the game in any fashion you desire, you will come across various puzzles and dealings with the supernatural that require a certain tact in order to progress through the story. There are a couple puzzles that forced me to reevaluate my approach, but they werent pressingly difficult and didn't break the pace of the game.There are only a couple negative things I can say about this game is how short it is. It took me just under 5 hours to complete and to get all the achievements. I got the game when it was on sale for under $10, and I found it to be a suitable price for a game that is as short as this one is.The other complaint was the optimization. I would say I have a slightly above average rig, and there were parts of the game that felt kind of choppy, despite my attempts to adjust the settings. Granted it wasn't game breaking as much as it was a slight annoyance at times. It did not hinder my ability to play the game.That being said, the game is very well made overall. While The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a short tale, I would still highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,258520,30509358,Posted: 14 March,all,Sharkologist,"Well, I'm not really a fan of ""walking simulators"" in general, but I have to say I really enjoyed this. Also, I think most ""detective"" mechanics are very disappointing in games, but I actually liked the one in TVoEC.It also looks great, and had one of the scariest experiences I've had in gaming.So all in all, a surprisingly enjoyable, engrossing and interesting game. I highly doubt I will play it a second time, but I'm very glad I played it at all."
76561198034572781,Recommended,258520,16123929,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Quick Rick,2spooky4me
76561197993430645,Recommended,258520,16185576,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,buzzdee20,"I much enjoyed playing this game although it is a little short.A few times I justed wandered around looking at the environment and appreciating the beautiful views, that can be found in this game. It is worth to take every path if only to discover another great view onto the scenery.Pros:- enjoyable story for those who like to immerse themselves into a mistery, ""being alone"" type of narrative- beautiful art style (at least IMHO)- great atmosphere- soundtrack very fittingCons:- puzzle style is interesting but can get repetitive- story is a bit on the short sideOverall I very much recommend this game!"
,Recommended,258520,16291482,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ｇｒａｙキツネ,"it was very good, and interesting till the end, i wish there will be a sequel of some sort 5/5"
76561198125306332,Recommended,258520,16440287,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AudienceSmile,"Very interesting storyline and sometimes the puzzles are hard, Also the game really is Atmospheric over all its a really nice game 8.5/10"
76561198129236672,Recommended,258520,16441502,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Marcinos1985,"IntriguingThis game is a short, but rewarding experience.Pros:- Atmosphere (Lovercraftian touch)- Excellent graphics and music- Puzzles and cases aren't overwhelmingly complicated - it's not 'harcore adventurers' game only- Care for detailsCons:- As mentioned, rather short. 2-3 hours of gameplay more wouldn't hurt- It's very easy to miss some puzzles- Scissors :|This game may be especially good for these gamers, who doesn't play adventure games too often."
,Recommended,258520,16465297,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr. Jackpots,"One of the strangest games I have ever played. Short, but haunting."
76561198154001367,Recommended,258520,16471558,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,C0DE_28,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a beatiful and imaginative game. Took me a littile bit to grasp the concept of how to play but when i did i was hooked. from the beautiful visuals to the creative story i could not stop until i finished the game. I'm happy i got to experience it. I only got one complaint... the game has a weird stuttering through the whole game except when there is text on the screen, dont know why that is but yet i didn't let it stop me.AMD 6300 6 core16 gig RamEVGA gtx 960 FTW editionFPS 60"
,Recommended,258520,14769692,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Chadmodeus the Defiler,"Challenging puzzles and a creepy, surreal atmosphere made this a fun and interesting game.  I felt pretty invested in the story, and satisfied at the end."
76561198051922689,Recommended,258520,12971740,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Silverblade,"This was simply one of the best games I've ever played. And I've been a gamer for like 14 years by now, so that means something. The thing about Indie-Games like this is, that the developers don't focus on money. The primary goal is to achieve a great story. In this case, it's even combined with STUNNING graphics (seriously, it's unbelievable) and a really challenging gameplay experience. It takes a lot of thinking to finish the game. Now, since there's no actual fighting system whatsoever, I only recommend this to players who are aware of that. But if you approach the game with the right attitude to begin with, it'll certainly blow you away. Also, is there any way to donate to the devs? A sequel would be so damn great, and, considering the story's ending, pretty appropriate. Anyways. I really hope to see some more games like this in the future. This kind of games deserves a lot more appreciation, because even big companies like EA (well... especially EA) should take this as an example for what games should be: Created with dearest love."
76561198055036572,Recommended,258520,13042362,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,error_margin,"nice, but no save-points. are you kidding?"
,Recommended,258520,12997956,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ratt,"This game demonstrates a level of depth I haven't seen in many others. If you're into murder mysteries and lovecraftian horror (with a dash of HG Wells) this game will more than satisfy you. Even though it may seem derivitive at points, it's more than worth the price simply for the experience is provides."
76561198040683713,Recommended,258520,13003129,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,miseryslave,Very good game. However something is missing in the story for me.
76561197969525006,Recommended,258520,12990307,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,dazton,"Simply A-M-A-Z-I-N-GOne of the best games ever played. Incredibly immersive.Best graphic arts, pure poetry.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,258520,12996095,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,DefiantNoise,The visuals in this game are astonishing. And the story is creative and interesting. The game does a good job of creating an atmosphere.Unfortunately the world is small and the game is short. I've finished it completely in 5.8 hours and I'm sure someone could complete it in less than half that time using a walkthrough. There isn't much to the gameplay after you know where everything is so I don't see any replay value in it. Overall I think it is worth the price. I just wish there was more of it.
76561197993098434,Recommended,258520,13071584,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sandahl [DK],Awesome!
76561198035289264,Recommended,258520,13076489,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,psytek,"Brilliant story, flawless execution.  More like this!"
,Recommended,258520,13195943,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kribensa,"An excellent mystery, with a great ending.I can't say much more about the story without spoiling it, but imagine Myst with a mystery and a true First Person perspective.The only thing that spoiled it a little was two of the achievements which if you hadn't stumbled across parts of them would have resulted in a painfully time-wasting pixel hunt (Most of the achievements followed the developers' preference that they would simply indicate progress throughout the game, but two had no relevance to the game itself, and went against their decision to not add ""time extending"" achievement requirements into the game)"
76561198071031383,Recommended,258520,12932768,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Seebetterfromadistance,"I think I've found one of my new favorite games. While I've already finished it in 3.6 hours, it was an incredible ride getting there. If you're into story driven games, this is definitely for you. But a warning, this game will be best if you know pretty much nothing about the story or what happens at all."
76561198077494493,Recommended,258520,12933855,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,thumiza,This game needs a quicksave function.
76561197993351243,Recommended,258520,12933982,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,evildrganymede,"Brilliant game, absolutely brilliant. The story's very engaging (and very good), and I really did not see the ending coming. Trying to figure out what's actually going on as you play is a lot of fun. It's a bit linear, but I don't mind that at all - I think the point is to go along and find out what happens and it works very well for that. The graphics are excellent and very pretty and the soundtrack is great. There are a few puzzles but they're not that hard to solve (the mine is a bit nerve-wracking though).It's similar in some ways to ""Dear Esther"" but there's more interaction here - you're actively figuring out how situations happened in the game as opposed to just seeing them (though it's not really hard to do that). It's a very enjoyable, eerie, atmospheric 5-6 hour game and I would love to see more like this. Very nicely done, definitely pick this up if you like this kind of thing! It gets a 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,258520,12937407,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Meat&Bones,"Good Writing, Fresh Mechanics, Beautiful Visuals, and Not Much ElseFirst off, you should play this game. It does interesting things with detective procedurel mechanics, storytelling mechanics, and creeping horror. The writing (by the excellent Mr. Tom Bissell) is better than the vast majority of games that will come out this year. The ending is startling and emotionally effecting. And it's priced well! Maybe wait for it to be on sale, but you pay for a quality game of average lenth.Although the game is fairly limited and it can be confusing when choosing where to go next, I think it is worth playing."
76561198030014562,Recommended,258520,13186521,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Craig,"This is a fairly short game, but does exactly what it sets out to: to create an atmouspheric game that will stay with you after you finish it.The murder puzzles are fun and the story is interesting enough to keep you going. A lovely creepy atmousphere with only one jump-scare (although I think it would be better without it).The world looks amazing and runs fairly well even on older machines.Certainly worth picking up on sale."
76561198091747337,Recommended,258520,13219720,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Magic Miller,This is my kind of game!  Science Fantasy and Murder Mystery in a gorgeous environment.  This was a bloody good buy :D
76561198009654597,Recommended,258520,12818391,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Altes_Ferkel,"nice game, rather short and pricy. not much horror, the ending kinda borish. get it on a sale an you won´t regret it."
76561198131171985,Recommended,258520,12820280,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,p_sobczak,"Wow, I really liked this game. Great story and beutifull graphics. I really recomend it."
76561198155146664,Recommended,258520,12745129,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Born With A Scorpion's Touch,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is intent on telling its story.  It does so without menus, tutorials, or anything else that the designers fear would prevent the listener from completely immersing themselves in its world.  And what a beautiful world that it is.While the story is satisfying and gameplay mechanics are interesting (albeit relatively simple), the lush world of Red Creek Valley steals the show here.  The landscapes are captivating, making it easy to become lost in the experience.Be warned, your stay in Red Creek Valley will be short.  The game moves quickly once you get a feel for what it is expecting from you, which may take a little time.  Most players will finish it in around 4 hours on the first time through and after the first playthrough, you could easily do a speed run in less than an hour.  Some people will find this off-putting, but it allows to game to tell its story without dragging it out or bloating it with filler content.The other caveat that I will give is its auto-save system can be irritating at first.  It is easy to lose progress if you cannot find an event to trigger an auto-save.Despite its minor flaws, the Vanishing of Ethan Carter does what it sets out to do; provide a great experience and tell an engaging story.Recommended."
,Recommended,258520,12789811,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zachary3D,"I absolutley LOVED this game!(Judge my opinion on the fact I'm a 3D modeling student)This game is definitely worth every penny. The textures are perfectly done and everything feels 'to scale'. The story lasts about 4 hours and will have you immersed for every second! Not to mention, the story is excellent as well. The music score, sound effects, and overall game design is fantastic! I recommend this game 10/10. This game is one of the top 5 games I've played in my 19+ years of gaming. Thanks to the creators for making a game so beautiful!"
,Recommended,258520,12824079,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Vedja Gaems,"I played this game straight through. It's short enough to be a single day play, but engrossing enough that you don't want it to end. I'll admit to almost crying at the ending. It broke my poor heart a little. This is a graphically beautiful game with a great story."
76561198149881474,Recommended,258520,12824890,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,trentvh,"Very fun game. There was a time or two when I really didn't know what to do and wandered around for a while, but in the end, I can totally forgive that. Feel of the game was great and the puzzles were really fun. I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,258520,12841292,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,zenstar,A beautiful game with a haunting story. A first person adventure the game is very immersive by doing away with unrequired HUD elements and using super-realistic graphics to bring a small settlement to life. Just walking through the forest will make you stop and look around. There is no hand-holding and no tutorials or even much exposition. You know you're here to find Ethan Carter and everything else you'll discover as you go along.The game will probably take 3-5 hours to complete depending on how quickly you do things but the story is worth it. Take your time and investigate and just enjoy the atmosphere.
76561198014589920,Recommended,258520,12842693,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LemonCurry?,"First of i am not that fond of ""walk simulator"" gamees because i find them a bit boring.With that said i actually found this game intressting and enjoyable throughout the whole game. The reson for this ( I think ) is that the puzzles keep you engade in the game and makes it FUN ( oh how fun it was ). So i feel the game is not all about walking i feel more compeled to explore to find more puzzles and intressting this in the world.The story is amazing and some times confusing , but really good. Like i said above i cared so much about the story that as someone who does not like ""walking simulators "" feel the desire to explore everynuck and cranny to find more story, be it small ""useless "" details or elementts that made you go "" WOOOOW if i didn´t go here i would totally not have understood this or that in the plot "".TL:DR Buy games story fun and wonderful world ."
,Recommended,258520,12849102,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ivy goldfishslayer,As mentioned in a dozen posts before this game has a beautiful settings and looks just stunning. Even though you have to bring some patience (and the game state that it will not take you by your hand) I wished for a longer story but if you are into a Lovecraftian kind of experience give it a go.
,Recommended,258520,12850643,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,cthulhuslumbers,"The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a beautiful game, albeit a very short one.  I beat it without guides in about 4 hours.  The game doesn't coddle you and some of the in-game puzzles can be a bit tough due to items needed to solve them being sort of hard to find.  Once all the pieces are in hand, the puzzles are pretty standard stuff.  The game is impressive with how  these challenges are integrated into the in-game world.  The story is also rather encrossing and the voice acting is above average.  The main draw is probably the graphics though.  The game sports some of the most well designed and well implemented graphics I've ever seen.  I recommend giving this game a try, particulary if you can get it on sale, as the initial $20 asking price is admittedly kind of steep for a game as short as this one is."
,Recommended,258520,12853798,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ellaina,"Beautiful game, although pretty short.  Enjoyable (but not very challenging) puzzles that tell the story as you piece them together."
,Recommended,258520,12868010,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,gtakiller0914,"Easily one of the most beauitful games. Sure, it's short but the ride was still fun."
,Recommended,258520,12872140,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Melovinci,"“This game is a narrative experience that does not hold your hand.” Well that’s an ominous start to a game. You’re in a tunnel walking into the light, maybe you’re dead. Apparently not as you emerge from the tunnel into the glory of the atmospheric eyeful that is The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. You’ve just exited a train tunnel. The sunlight filters through the swaying trees. You can hear the wind as it rustles the grass. The occasional crow or songbird can  be heard from an unknown direction. I assume you have to follow the train tracks, but instead I go off the tracks to see just how intricate the rock textures are. I hear a slight whooshing sound as a ball of sticks, logs and rusty nails swings past my face and hits the rocks nearby. The.♥♥♥♥♥♥They weren’t kidding when they said the game “does not hold your hand.” This game took me 4 hours to finish (so not a huge game), but I could have done it in 2 if I knew where I was going or what I meant to do from the beginning. Though this wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. It’s a game of atmosphere and the best way to absorb the atmosphere is to wander aimlessly. I enjoyed  discovering new areas, even if there was nothing there. What I didn’t enjoy was retracing my steps several times to discover the puzzles I missed at the start because I didn’t realise it was a puzzle. But not a huge deal. Fortunately the world isn’t too big and there is a run button which helps you traverse it faster.The only real fault of this game is the hideous save system. There is only auto-saving. It could be because of the nature of the puzzles, but I don’t see why they couldn’t have saving in the in-between parts. This wouldn’t be a huge factor if the auto-saving system wasn’t absolutely terrible. It only auto-saves after you finish a puzzle, or when you use an certain old elevator. That’s it. If you spend half an hour looking for a puzzle, then 10 minutes working out that puzzle. Then unless you solve it, that 40 minutes was for nothing. It almost put me off the game, especially when the above happened to me. Later, I found out that one of the autosaves occurs before your entirely complete one of the puzzles, and I din’t realise it was unfinished until the end of the game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is one of the most visually impressive games I’ve ever played. It’s incredibly photo-realistic with amazing textures. I won’t deny that I’m a bit of a sap for great graphics.  It is well worth the $20 I paid for it, despite the short play time. I do recommend it playing it all one playthrough, if not only to avoid the save system.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2014/10/27/the-vanishing-of-ethan-carter/"
76561197972815604,Recommended,258520,12873110,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,skulkloe,"Straight to the point then, I really enjoyed playing this game.  From the visuals, sound design, to the excellent music, it all combines into a short and sweet experience.  The puzzles are not hard if you have half a brain.  All in all i would recommend this to someone who enjoys exploring and figuring things out.  Or to someone who craves delicious eye candy."
,Recommended,258520,12877990,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[plast!k],"$20 might seem like a lot for such a short game, but the graphics alone make up for that. Add the story and sound to that and $20 doesn't seem like enough.There are cons though, the biggest two for me are the save system and not knowing where to go or what to do next. As I type this, I'm lost with nothing to help me find what I'm supposed to do next, that's not cool because I can't make any progress."
,Recommended,258520,12885054,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Paullo,"For the right person, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter isn't hard to reccomend. It's visually stunning, with a nice sense of mystery, an intriguing story and some interesting puzzles to solve.That being said, the experience only lasts for around four hours and the game is neither challenging nor particularly user friendly. If those things don't concern you, this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,258520,12620958,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,drelnathi,"The game is an interesting experience--and definitely a fun couple of hours. The mechanics and visuals are about as polished as you could want.Before your read any further...I definitely recommend this game!That being said, I do have a few gripes:Length - When I say, ""a fun couple of hours,"" I'm being literal.The maze - minor spoiler:The jump scare bit with the ghost miner did not seem to jive with the rest of the game (and you havenoidea how much I was tempted to write, ""miner spoiler."")Voice acting - The voice acting was sub-par, and it didn't help that the story was uncompelling.The story - The game starts out with a pseudo-Lovecraftian vibe and holds it well for the first half of the game. From there it quickly degrades into a pulpy*, uninteresting mess withan unimaginative plot twist they should have strapped to a freight train covered in strobe lights if they wanted something more subtle.Bonus! - If you're going to lift what is arguably the most famous phrase Lovecraft ever wrote, at least don't mangle it horribly.* Ironic, considering Lovecraft was only published in pulp magazines."
76561198028594222,Recommended,258520,12625327,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Thorendir,"Good game, very monumental. But i warn you, this game is very, VERY short. so you should reconsider buying if yer short right now."
76561198053250922,Recommended,258520,12626473,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,privileger,"Fantastic game! It made a great impression on me. Amazing graphics, story-driven gameplay, remarkable characters and mind-blowing ending... All these elements have created the outstanding world Ethan Carter. 10/10! ""Must have"" video game!"
,Recommended,258520,12686073,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,for your faKe,"What a wonderful little game. It doesn't took very long to play it through, but you will experience so many things by every step you take.The most astonishing part was environment. Take a break, have a look at beautiful setting and enjoy. But don't forget to continue!"
