user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,258890,8793976,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,whitegreyblack,"As a graphic designer, I am an admirer of great typography.  This game, with its subject matter and beautiful style, was easy to take a chance on.  In the end: Is it informative?  Very.  Is it beautiful both in terms of audio and visuals?  Extremely.  Is it fun?  Not really.For me, the control (especially jumping mechanics) just never felt quite ""right"".  That is easily the biggest source of frustration in the game.  While some sequences are downright inspired, others are grit-your-teeth annoying.The informative nature of the game and the actual gameplay seem at times to be at odds with each other.  For example, unlocking an informative page gives you a prompt to view it immediately - while I recommend doing this since the visuals and audio in the portion of the level you are in will be tuned towards this piece of info, it halts the gameplay and can break the pacing.  In addition, occasionally the game will destroy you as soon as you return to the gameplay and cause you to have to replay the small sequence again.  It feels like a punishment for doing what the game is designed to have you discover.In the end, I just can't recommend the game."
,Recommended,258890,7879929,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,「헐」 ﻿ｋｄ﻿Ｑ 💕,"First off: This is meant to be an educational experience, if you don't like 'games' like this move on and don't read further.The levels are composed of letters of whichever font you're playing, and they look gorgeous.Everything is simple, yet aesthetic. The music fits, spot on. I was surprised on how everything works so well together. Each world has their own theme that reflects the font (and the era it's from). For someone like me, who didn't really know anything about font history, Type:Rider was truly informative. It never seemed boring and always kept my interest.The only downside I can think of, is that sometimes the physics seem a bit off. Otherwise well worth a buy, defenitely while it's on sale."
,Recommended,258890,16931110,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Something of an artistic experience // Recommended for a casual night in+ Includes unlockable, interesting history of typography entries+ Soundtrack is immersive and surreal; one of the game's better selling points, and every track was perfectly suited for the stage+ Ambient sound design, also, is superb+ Level designs are unique and make for excellent platforming+ Controlling two inseperable dots makes movement through the stages a bit more challenging, but it does so in a refreshing way that the player will surely enjoy+ Respawns are frequent, and the game typically throws the player at the last safest place before their untimely death; robs the player of much of the frustration typical of the genre+ In addition to the individual level design, each collection of stages is vastly different from the other; furthermore, they become more and more interesting as the player moves through the game- Little replayability once having attained all of the achievements- One of the achievements requres the use of a Facebook or Twitter; this may not be a problem for the majority of the players, but speaking as someone who has neither, I detest that this is a requirementLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,258890,8022705,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Myk,"Beautiful but really short and easy game.Definitely NOT worth getting at full price, so keep an eye on sales as it's still a well-executed game. If you have little interest in typography or design, I doubt you will enjoy it, as it's merely a blend of platformers and ""trials""-style games, with pretty short and simple levels. The completion time is just a few hours."
76561197993891197,Recommended,258890,15392051,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"It's Limbo, but with absolutely terrible controls, and instead of a kid traversing a neverending stream of nightmares, you're a colon flailing and stumbling through the history of typography.It's much better than it sounds, actually. I'd give it a 10/10 in presentation and originality; It's one of the best art games I've seen. All the educational passages are optional, but you'll still gain a deeper appreciation of typographical history even without reading any of them, thanks to the fascinating stage designs.The controls are annoying and imprecise, and the last few levels are stupidly hard, and on rare occasions the physics can glitch out and get you stuck. But none of that really bothered me; there's no real pressure to perform well since there is no consequence for death, and checkpoints are numerous. Just relax and enjoy the awesome trip through history.All the achievements are easy. Most are for 100% completeion. The hardest one has you going through a paricularly annoying level without dying, but it's still pretty easy thanks to some tricks. For achievement hunters, this game should be a no-brainer. You'll have it done with in 4 hours or less.I loved it. I wish were there more games like this."
76561198036245191,Not Recommended,258890,13841691,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rewdolph,"If you are looking for a fun video game I cannot recommend this game. If you are looking for an interactive opportunity to learn about the history of writing and typing then I can recommend this game (this is assuming the information taught is correct, this statement is necessary because of the issues I had seen in the game).The GameThe controls are very difficult and somewhat unpredictable. When reading the books the game will sometimes not pause, this results: in sounds and music repeating itself on a few second loops, physics objects continue to move, resulting in deaths and missed items. Sometimes the mouse and the controller combine thus making menu navigation difficult. However, the level design throughout the game is pretty good, particularly the last few levels.The KnowledgeSpelling and grammatical errors are much more prevalent than you would expect from a game teaching about writing and texts. Interesting subject matter, assuming they used reputable sources.My ThoughtsEverything is mediocre. The gameplay is just good enough to be playable, the writing is just good enough to be understandable. Because they didn't do any part particularly well, it is hard to tell what was the makers focus. It is a shame though because had they tested the game better, fixed the controls a little or made you control a period instead of a colon and proofread the books, this could have been an excellent game. This is why I have my doubts about what I learned through this game, hopefully that historical aspect was their focus."
76561198141080028,Not Recommended,258890,15416739,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FelinaLain,"The game could be good, it's based on a new idea and it's very nice to learn fonts.But the controls are horrible (I played both with keyboard and with controller) and I often wondered if the game developpers ever played their own game.Several time, your two-wheeled avatar just stay stuck on a corner, or against a corner, unable to get up to the pixel above and in front because when you jump you also wall jump and are pushed back... back in the void most of the time. And then you have to start again from a save point often very badly placed.Also: the bonus level is not a bonus level. It's a nightmare. They tried to make something funny and ""trolling"". They got the trolling part right, but that's it. The difficulty is nightmarish, you get back to the beginning every time you fail (even at an inch of the finish line). That shouldn't be a bonus level, it should be a ""Hardcore mode""And the cat chasing you the whole level is too much. Waaay too much and way too fast.I don't recommend this game. Shame because the idea was fun."
76561198057168463,Not Recommended,258890,32764975,Posted: 25 June,all,Kaffe,"Type:Rider is not a bad game. The theme is fun and unique, and each level has a new feel to it. However, the controls are absolutley awful, and a lot of the time you're going to be really, really frustrated because the two little dots aren't doing what you want them to. I'd advice against buying it."
,Recommended,258890,19426409,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,mattBLiTZ,"This game was hella cute and relaxing.  You play as a colon adventuring through text, collecting all of the letters A-Z, *'s, and 1 hidden & on each.  It's not very challenging or long, but enough to be engaging and interesting.  Pretty cool game."
,Recommended,258890,7585674,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Vic=HKC=,"When I first laid my eyes on Type:Rider, it was for my job: I was reading an article about a new serious game on the typography history made for Arte, who is a cultural TV channel. It was first sold for Android and iOS but you had the possibility to try the first five levels online, which I did.I fell in love with the game. I was considering buying it for my Android device when it was released on Steam. My reaction was ""Take my money"". I bought it. And I managed to get through the rest of the game.Let me explain you the mechanics of the game: you're two dots travelling through levels concerning a font and its history. You have to gather all letters and & without forgetting the * representing a page of history. Indeed, as it's labeled first as a serious game, Type:Rider's aim is to ""educate"" you in that field. For example, you'll learn stuff about the monks who were copying documents during the Middle Age in the world Gothic.Type:Rider is more a platformer/puzzle game than anything else. You jump, you make sure that the white dot appearing every two levels goes in its hole to open gates or finish the book (representing the world you're currently in).First of all, the graphics are beautiful and adapted to the world you're currently exploring: the world Gothic contains gothic letters as ""ground"". Or the Ancient Greek part of the world Origins has a ancient plate background (the archaeologist in me is very happy to see Red Figure pottery used) from which water is coming.Secondly, the soundtrack is very enjoyable to listen and very relaxing. It's also matching the world you're exploring. Even the two dots have their own sound when they're jumping.I didn't really find some defaults in the mechanics. While it's true that sometimes, commands take more time than it should to answer, it's very rare. My major grief about the game is some letters or & difficult to reach and making my fingers ache as I'm trying to reach them by jumping and jumping and jumping.For the texts, they're very well written and very understandable, at least, in my native language - I don't know how it was translated in English.My conclusion is that the game is worthy of your time if you like that kind. You can try it before on the official website of Arte. But if you can, the mobile versions are cheaper than Steam (and I suppose that there is a valid reason behind that difference - Monster Loves You, another game, is showing the same pattern)."
,Not Recommended,258890,9634809,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Technosaur,"DOES NOT WORK ON LINUX.The game always crashes on a certain level as of now (2014-03-26). There is no apparent way around it and no reaction from the developers.It is a shame, because up to that point the game was a nice mix of relaxing ambience, font trivia and platforming."
,Recommended,258890,8555627,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Czesiu,"Before you start playing this game watch the Super Mario Frustrating.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in6RZzdGki8Type:Rider is that kind of frustrating game. Don't be mislead - it's quite easy at the beginning. But it very quickly goes harder and you gonna swear like the guy in the mentioned movie.So, you have been warned. Now, brace yourself and have a nice time playing very hard, but very beautiful and stylish game. In between the frustration you can see the connotations to different times and doings in the history of the culture. Esthetically this game is absolutely awesome. Graphics and sounds works together to create an amazing experience. And frustration.Be prepared for challenges requiring a lot of dexterity. And some intelligence. And have fun.PS. Did I say about frustration?"
,Recommended,258890,10459211,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Stupidome,"Fun game for those who like platformers. Soundtrack is relaxing, puzzles are fun and the difficulty is good. This game is not about shooting and killing, but to collect. I recommend this game!"
76561198021788892,Recommended,258890,28352836,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,veeveevonvon,"As a graphic designer, fonts are critical to my job. Everyone knows the cliche of using comic sans; being a horrible representation of almost anything other than an actual comic strip. Fonts ilicit different emotions, and if you use them correctly you will be successful in what you are trying to achieve with your audience. So it is completely fascinating to see the history behind a typeface. What emotions were behind the creation of each one, and what kind of reaction they were trying to achieve. Honestly, I haven't played this game in a long time, but it still sticks out vividly in my memory. Even if you aren't thrilled by the game's history lessons, the gameplay is still very entertaining in my opinion. If you currently, or aspiring to be a graphic designer I recommend playing this game. I did take classes on fonts in school, and did a research paper and presentation on one, but this was a much more enjoyable way to learn about multiple fonts."
,Recommended,258890,9643756,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,AndrewDell2471,"Short, informative and interesting are some of the terms I’d use to describe Type:Rider. If you actually read some of the chapters, (only a few paragraphs long) you can learn interesting facts about the different fonts we see and use every day.  It’s also fairly easy to 100% if you are into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,258890,8681352,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Absolutely another gem of a game. Many different worlds, a wonderful soundtrack and very informative. I highly reccomend this game. i have nothing bad to say about it. Its not too hard nor too easy, Its a short game if you play it in one sitting. Finding things can be some what of a challenge but over all its very casual. One thing that stands out from other sidescrollers i've bought is the checkpoints. this has many and its such a good thing! 10/10."
,Recommended,258890,32807535,Posted: 26 June,all,doodlesxd,"Overview: PS4 Version is Better. Buy on sale.Recommending because it was an interesting/unusual game, but:Good: Interesting information in the books and visually well designed. Each level is unique and different and represents each typeface and the era beautifully. It was a shame there were no ancient types represented (hieroglyphs, roman, greek etc.)Bad: Platformer controls were terrible. The dots don't do what you want them to and felt unbalanced/clumsy. At times the game felt halted because the dots couldn't get up a slope. At least in the PS4 version you could control their balance but with the PC you just need to go and hope for the best at times, especially when jumping at right angles in tight spaces (pixels)Ugly: Comic Sans"
76561198002305031,Not Recommended,258890,9248592,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,LeeshaJoy,"In a game designed to teach the history of typography, you'd think they would have put more effort into typesetting and proofreading the text. This game is amateurish and disappointing."
76561198120866304,Recommended,258890,12276857,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pickles the Kitten,"You go around collecting different letters and learn about the history of fonts.What more do you want?Visuals are cool and music is cool, It somehow manages to make you interested in fonts and is fun to play!!8/10"
,Recommended,258890,9793076,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,tzumainn,"There is art, and there are games.  Type:Rider is the former and not the latter.  If one were to call it a game, one would have to admit that it is an extremely frustrating game due to the unresponsive controls, especially when jumping.  Making the problem worse is the ""wall jump"" mechanic; pressing towards a wall and jumping will let you wall jump the other way. . . but the nature of the controls is such that you'll often wall jump to the left when trying to leap a single step to the right.  There is a Tetris-inspired level that is especially terrible because of this.On the other hand, the game is extremely beautiful.  Stark iconography on top of distinctive level design mixed with an environment-specific soundtrack make for a pleasing experience (except when you have to jump).  The exploration of the history of typography is also fascinating; and for me, a little sad.  Seeing the thousands of years flit by with ideas replaced by ideas causes one to both be humble and to reflect.--- Two Circles ---This is the story of two circles that rolled together through time. One always rolled on the ground while the other rolled in the air above, floating directly above the first. Which did which?  It does not matter: sometimes it was one, sometimes the other. What is important is that they were two that went everywhere as one, for together they formed a Colon.How they met I do not know. All I know is that it was during a time of great experimentation and exploration. Renaissance:the period of rebirth, when beauty and the civilized soul were discovered once more. Chiaroscuro:the bold contrast between light and dark. Sfumato:without boundaries, edges like smoke. These words and more defined a new world that seemed to dawn brighter than the sun. And as a Colon the circles delighted together:in the hope, in the glory, in the splendid possibilities of the coming future.""Shall we keep going?"" asked one. ""Of course!"" the other said excitedly. The two circles rolled forward together with eagerness and ease.Time passed - as it does - and the world changed - as it does. What did not change was the demand for a Colon, for there were always new lists to enumerate, new words to define. But for the first time a darkness fell over their service. Heretic:an individual whose beliefs run counter to those approved by the authorities. Inquisition:a tribunal with widespread powers and prerogatives to root out undesirables. Auto-da-fé:the public penance of apostates prior to the execution of their sentences.""What is this?"" one asked. ""What is happening? Has the world always been thus? Have we been blind for all this time?""""It will pass,"" the other said, hiding the uncertainty in its voice. ""It must. But only if we keep rolling forward. Together."" So they rolled onwards through a world that seemed increasingly unkind:colonization, conquistador, pandemic. But instead of retreating, the shadows lengthened even further:guillotine, coup d'état, manifest destiny. And the circles found that they no longer rolled as easily as before.Then came the decades of constant war:the Somme, the Marne, Stalingrad, Dresden, Hiroshima, Auschwitz. Blitzkrieg:a bolt strike whose electric speed throws the opponent into panicked disarray. Ethnic cleansing:the destruction of a group of people based on racial or cultural criteria. Unrestricted warfare:a strategy conducted with the understanding that civilian targets and military targets are one and the same. And the lists of the dead, a:followed by a series of graven names that never seemed to end, a list incomprehensible and nearly meaningless by virtue of its very scale.The circles rolled on, together still, but now in silence, slower and slower.There came the day when the circle rolling on the ground stopped and realized that something was different. Confused, it looked all about, and the change was so obvious that it could not understand it at first. The space above was empty, suffocatingly empty; and what did that mean?Recognition came slow, but once it did the circle felt half-drowned with terror. It quickly retreated, searching behind until finally found the other circle. The other circle was motionless and sunken into the ground.""Up,"" the circle urged, ""up.""There was no answer.""Up,"" it said again, ""up!"" and now it could not hide a quaver, the crack that revealed fears it did not dare voice.For agonizing moments, silence. Then, a whisper: ""Leave me.""""Leave you?"" The circle could only laugh, the idea was so ridiculous. ""How? I cannot.""""You must. I am too tired to go on. I have seen too much and I do not wish to witness any more. I want to stop. A Period marks an ending, does it not? Very well; leave me and let me become a Period. Let me end.""The frightened circle was left speechless. It wanted to plead, chastise, cajole:Did you not once say that this would pass, if only we keep rolling forward together? You cannot ask me to go on, not now!But it could not. For in truth it understood how the other felt because it, too, felt that way. And the exhaustion it had denied for so long suddenly descended like a shroud. ""I, too, will stay then.""The tired circle laughed. ""Two circles on the ground. One too many for a Period, one too few for an Ellipsis. What will we be?""""We will be two circles waiting together."" The circle's voice, hesitant at first, started to grow bold. ""Perhaps someday we will be a Colon again; perhaps someday a third will join us and we will continue as an Ellipsis. But I do not intend to let us end. I do not intend for either of us to become a Period. If, that is -"" The circle stopped, scared to say the next words. But it was necessary. ""If you will allow me to stay by your side.""For long moments the other circle said nothing.Then it rolled over to the circle and touched it once, ever so slightly. And that was enough.I do not know what became of the two circles. I hope that they found their strength eventually and rolled onwards through time. I hope that they found new beauty to celebrate, new wonders to lighten their souls.But hope is less than a shadow of a dream. I know that it is just as likely that they lie in the ground still.However I do know that wherever they are, they are together. I know this because my heart tells me so, and I do not wish to believe that my heart can lie. And that is comfort enough for me."
,Recommended,258890,28924481,Posted: 1 January,all,Brandon4108,"Less of a game, more of an interactive article. Gives a fun rundown of the history of fonts, lots of stuff I never knew about. The controls are floaty which makes it a bit more difficule than I think the maker intended, but it's still fun. Probably wouldn't recommend it if you hate learning about fonts."
76561197969593119,Recommended,258890,18446020,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Codc,"Platformer with historical and educational segments about typography. If you've ever wondered how blazed the dude who invented Comic Sans MS was, you should play this game."
,Recommended,258890,19841100,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Junelicious,"A fantastic journey through the world of type, Type:Rider will drag you from ancient times to the rise of digital era and expose the beauty and perfection of the best typefaces out there. I really love this game and how beautiful it is, both in terms of visual and game design.Controls are good, though the nature of the character (you're playing as 2 dots, a typographical colon) you're playing makes them a bit annoying sometimes. The only time it really starts to be a problem is during a hard-as-nails ""secret"" level as you're pressured for time there. But outside of that, it is incredibly well-made, savepoints are abundant and some of the mechanics are really really well-made.Levels deliver not only some story, but also mood of the era, from bleak and depressive Gothic and heavenly renaissance Didot to hectic 20th century with Times and Helvetica. And you can guess what Comic Sans MS has for a level mood and structure...Many, many games arent even as good as this mechanically, let alone visually. If you like beauty, interested in typography at any level or just like good platforming - get this game."
,Recommended,258890,12150957,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"I got in a fistfight over whether the protagonist is an umlaut, a diaresis, or a sideways colon, and I'll fight you, too, if you pick the wrong side.As a learning experience, Type:Rider is great: A nice, quick breeze through the history of typography and printing from cave paintings to universal desktop publishing. Each level covers an epoch in written language, and the visuals and music come together gorgeously to convey the feeling of the era.Unfortunately, the game-ification of it all feels tacked on. Type:Rider would be better served without fatal platforming sections, traps, and 'puzzles' that are less about solving them than about making mechanics work correctly. Is it fair to expect players to weave through a deadly field of Tetris blocks when your jumping physics don't seem to have predictable, repeatable results? You can convey the excitement of the Helvetica level's ski-jump aesthetic without making players dodge icicles with a pair of dots subject to a bizarre, fickle sense of gravity.It's also a shame that a game that is necessarily as much about publishing as it is about typography does so poorly in laying out its encyclopedia entries, missing the odd punctuation or word here and there and lacking any fine tuning in the letter kerning, leading to ugly spread-out lines to meet the full-justify layout.So it's not perfect. But you'll learn something and be really impressed by the design work. Art and publishing nerds should definitely give it a go."
,Recommended,258890,18122824,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"If you are a decadent gamer like me, who sighs browsing through hundreds of their games and then celebrates the end of another day reading Wikipedia anyway... You can read the brief history of typography in an attractive form by playing this game, and as a side effect you will feel less guilty regarding the gaming backlog. Cool.The game has very nice, intelligent art & visuals, good ambient music, covers interesting topics and has only rudimentary gameplay, maybe slightly irritating from time to time, to remind you that you are still playing a game.Also, I noticed that kids like watching it a lot :) It's a great way to teach toddlers letter shapes."
76561197967827704,Not Recommended,258890,26072485,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Anon47,"Don't like to leave negative reviews but the developers have yet to resolve critical errors for linux in over 2 years, please don't waste your money on developers that don't work with the community or resolve critical bugs that leaves the game unplayable for some of their customers, it's good that I got it on a humble bundle but I'm still kind of mad that my money went to a company claiming to support linux and that I didn't get to enjoy the experience."
,Recommended,258890,18056618,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,pixtar,"'Type:Rider'is an game about the history of typography and typesetting embedded into a puzzle/platform game uderlined with calm soundtracks and outlined with an amazing artwork.Desc:In Type:Rider you are a double point rolling through the history of typography and typesetting. Each era is divided into 4 levels. In each era you can collect the letters A-Z (and Ampersand as hidden letter) of the historical font like the cuneiform script. The other collectables are 6 stars in each era which will unlock book pages of your current era your in, to read what the progress of typography and typesetting was in this epoch.Pros:+ interesting game concept (Warp Door: ""Typography was always this cool you just never realized it before."")+ amazing realization of the concept+ to each era through and through fitting soundtracks+ awesome sound ambience, each object/era/scene has it's own unique, clean and melodious sounds+ unique character fits to the unique concept, concept fits to the topic typography, soundtracks fits to the environment - in this game really everything fits together perfectly(+ yes, play it with headphone as the game will tell you always at its start, it's overwhelming!)(+ 4h of play time for 100% is short but it feels like much more)(+ steam achievements)I've plitted the cons into two sections, because there is one major problem and the rest are really knickknacks (complaining about first world problems).Cons (main):- no demo- if somebody is making a game about typography and typesetting, he should concentrate in typesetting that it will be brilliant - but it isn't! In these few book pages you are able to read many mistakes in typesetting and spelling. It's forgivable, but shouldn't happen!::Example 1|Example 2|Example 3|Example 4Cons (knickknacks):- if you are dying and the death scene (fade to black) will be presented you are not able to pause the game or to get back into the menu (ESC key), sometimes the game will do something confused like restarting the level- sometimes (what ever this problem causes) you can't navigate in the menu and sometimes you are not able to enter the menu via the ESC key- the scene which will bring you back to life at a savepoint (fade in) doesn't pause the game, means: you will be inserted, the scene is still running and you can also control your character BUT you can't see anything- often after the respawn the level will not exactly reset to its default. It's feeling like the game sometimes saves the level at your death instead of having always a default scene of this certain savepoint- in the level 'Futura' the moveable objects (yellow triangles, ..) won't reset to their origin location if you respawnSuggestions:~ fix the translation/typesetting/display/misspelling problem, fix the little knickknacks, what mostly sounds like crosstalk of some variables, a timer problem with the menu and a maybe not consequent implemented respawn system and it will be a really really brilliant game.Recommended, even if it'snot on sale, because it's a fantastic journey through the time of tyopgraphy colored in an amazing artwork and cased in an overwhelmingly convincing sound ambience.8.5/10"
,Recommended,258890,24755675,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SparkyMcSparks,"Breathtaking visuals, scenery changes, and music come together in a game brimming with inspiration and interesting ways to think about words and letters. Levels serve as a visual homage to diffrent eras in the history of typography with puzzles that are cleverly themed after letters, setpieces, and equipment used in each era.The history passages could have been incorporated better into the actual gameplay; they feel so detached and break the pacing of the astounding game design. You'll be so captiated by what's going on around you that eventually you'll not want to stop and read through lengthy history lessons. They're great but would have been better if presented in a fluid fashion such as background art or voiceovers that frame each era.The last level, ""Pixels"", has a massive difficulty spike in what had otherwise been a relaxing and no-penalities game. Despite the physics and controls begging for more polish, it's easy to let it go until you get to the last level where precise movements are required.The bonus level also puts a spotlight on the unrefined physics in the game. It'll quickly frustrate and change your opinion about the game for the worse -- just don't play it unless you have spare keyboards."
,Recommended,258890,9199479,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,m.a.t.,It is worth buying.
,Not Recommended,258890,10030193,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Denilson Sá,"The game has fulfilled its objective: I'm now more interested in typography than I was before. However, it happened because I read the in-game books, and not because of gameplay.The game itself is buggy.* After you change the resolution in the options screen, the in-game controls stop working. You must restart the game.* Not all resolutions are listed in the options menu.* Laggy input, probably caused by vsync (and of course there is no vsync option in-game).* When I opened one of the books, and pressed a key before the animation had finished, the book pages started looking weird and very buggy.I like the idea, I want to like the gameplay, but this game has some rough edges."
76561198042211169,Recommended,258890,15572691,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,jLassSynaptik,"In it's design, Type: Rider is a learning game. Its gameplay is that of the standard platformer with elements of a lecture/slideshow's worth of information about the history of typography (or fonts). Aesthetically the game is polished, smooth frames and no visible hiccups visually. Environments are enjoyable to look at and nothing feels trully bland. As far as soundtracks go, it would certainly behoove anyone to play this game with ear-phones as the intro recommends.HOWEVER: as the game progesses one may find the (literal) character design choice of a colon irksome, primarily for the disagreement such an avatar has with the game's layouts. Having the additional half of your character makes for awkward jumps, unpredictable physics and unintended demises. The last to levels are a testament to this flaw as the game expects you to traverse platforms smaller than your character, while being waylaid by hazards.TL;DR= Type: Rider starts with lovely intentions but may leave the gamer with frustrations in its last half hour due to goofy platforming synergy with your character."
76561198116147640,Recommended,258890,8819826,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Fangrai,"Type:Rider is one of those games you're really sceptic about in the beginning, but soon enough you come to realize that it's just one good game. You'll eventually fall in love with the music, which changes over the course of the levels, and you come to hate Tetris, even though at one point you loved playing it...Even though it's meant to be an educational game, they don't actually push you into learning. If you just want to jumo around with two dots, then do so, ignore the subtle knowledge, you don't need to read the articles. But, hey, maybe there's information even you didn't know about, and you'll find it fascinating and only play the game to actually gain more knowledge.I would've loved the game to be a bit longer, but the soundtrack and the levels make up for it. They are so ... wow. They capture everything there is to say about the time a font was created in, and they have so much character.AND HEY! The Bonus Level. Oh god, I had to laugh so much. It pure crack, but you have to do everything right to get through it, so it's not too stupid, either. Now that I've finished the game, I still need to finish my achievements..let's see how many more hours I'll have to play to get through Clarendon without dying..Thumbs up, Arte!"
,Recommended,258890,9303899,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,furb0,"I was excited about this but I had my doubts. So rather than paying for the full price I waited for a discount and grabbed it then.I was right about my doubts but I think it's not a bad game. Levels are well executed in relation to each era of typography. Environment keeps changing in each era. In addition to that, considering that you have an interest in the history of the typography, its rewarding system gives you a summary about the events in the history.The whole book thing could be designed better. Blocking the whole text creates big gaps in the text and makes it less appealing/readable. I wouldn't mind this in any other platformer but if you are making a game about typography, you should be careful about things related to it. Though information you achieve by collecting the asterisks is well arranged and original if not well designed.Type:Rider is a platformer focusing on giving information and I think its faults like bad typography and terrible physics could be forgiven for that if you are a typography ♥♥♥♥♥. But considering its full price ($10) you can buy a better designed and more informative book about typography with that money."
76561197974162738,Not Recommended,258890,10833021,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Max,"Nice game, beautiful setting and soundtrack. However it crashes on my Linux setup (most recent fglrx drivers) which makes it  impossible to complete the game. Other users reported the same problem."
,Recommended,258890,10065927,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Attilion,"I would recommend this game with a warning: it is beautiful, immersive and instructive,yet the platforming is well below average. It ranges from frustratingly bad to game-breaking awful.Wait for an eventual update improving greatly the gameplay before considering buying it.Typography is an art, and this game could be a wonderful guide. With the help of Arte (a german-french tv station known for its quality and cultural sensitivity), the developer managed to create an ""edutainment"" game with great visuals and pedagogic value. You will learn a lot without realizing it, all the while having the direct representation (the font) around you and the moody music goes well with it.All of this is true until the penultimate level where things go horribly wrong. The concept of the game is a platformer where you are a colon (yes, this one --> : ). A wobbly, bouncy, inertia-crazy colon. For the most part, it is easy to forgive the approximation of controlling the character (pun intended) with strange physics. Then, when you are required to do precise jumps and control your trajectory, the game becomes rage-quit-inducingly hard. You are at the mercy of the physics engine, hoping it decides to launch you where you want to go. Some sequences have required more than 50 tries, and I'm not talking about trial-and-error: there is nothing to learn, sometimes it will work, most times it will not. Deal with it.It's a real shame because it is the only let down for an otherwise great game. Check the forums to see if the issue has been adressed since the writing of this review."
76561198063926447,Recommended,258890,10097718,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Roughbark,"Play as some umlauts!No, umlauts, stop going leftwhen I press the right"
76561198070700187,Recommended,258890,10247064,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,bumpie,"This Indie game is one of the finest crafted I have seen in a while. Using an interactive enviornment to help you progress with the level as you collect the font type of that period is smooth and original. Now, be warned, it is an educational game. But don't let that prevent you from getting such a great indie game."
,Recommended,258890,9357160,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Deimos,"A charming, niche, oddball (pun intended) game with beautiful looks, oftentimes frustrating physics and an (you mileage may vary here) interesting theme."
,Recommended,258890,11693761,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,giljaysmith,Lovely little educational experience. The actual game part is easy for anyone who knows what they're doing. The history is interesting. And the art direction for the levels is great. Well worth a couple of hours on a lazy afternoon.
,Recommended,258890,10029350,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,nominanescio,"I highly recommend this game: it's a decent platformer on its own. Quite easy overall, with challenging elements, and a hilarious bonus level.But I mostly recommend this game, because of its artstyle, and the information within. I love typography, and finding an unique and artistic game all about that subject - I was thrilled.And not disappointed.Love it! About 6-8 hours of gameplay, and limited replayability."
76561198050656913,Recommended,258890,10552394,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dilly,"I thought that this game had an interesting concept, so I bought it.This game was much more wonderful than I thought it would be!  The music was fantastic, the levels engaging, and that secret level was stupid hard for a bit!So good."
76561198068249655,Recommended,258890,23969704,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cowboy Stubop,"This game is further proof that games can be both fun and educational, especially for a dry subject like the history of typefaces and printing."
,Recommended,258890,15480899,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,CrocoDeath,"There are some issues. The most ironic one is that my French AZERTY keyboard isn't properly recognized, rendering me unable to use my dear ZQSD (equivalent of QWERTY's WASD) for direction and use arrow keys instead — why isn't there an option to modify key bindings? The visual quality isn't as good as I thought and a lot of game elements look more or less blurry or degraded, but maybe this is because my screen native resolution (1680x1050) isn't supported; the game only allows pretty low resolutions, going as low as 640x480 (!) and with no full HD option, which given the release date, is quite surprising. Finally, the fact that there's no V-Sync is quite sad, as it makes the scrolling (especially horizontal) often look stuttery and twitchy.It's still a good game, though. The gameplay is impeccable (it reminds me a lot of an old shareware game I loved where you played a dirtbike, and also the famous game Line Rider), the difficulty is well adjusted and perfectly progressive, and the fact that you learn while having fun — one of the many things that everyone hated as a kid but loves as an adult — is enjoyable, and the fact that itis optional makes it even better. The music feels cheap but still adds to the atmosphere, especially when you turn it low. The visuals are very cool.One warning for future players: the sounds, although quite good, are INCREDIBLY LOUD. The first thing you want to do before starting the game is turning the volume down! My ears are still ringing...Not perfect but original and pretty fun, 6,5/10."
,Recommended,258890,9950883,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,EF,"Can you call this a game? I guess. It's more of a history on fonts.Still a great ""game"", and you will learn a lot about the history and evolution of fonts and printing presses!9.5/10"
,Recommended,258890,19833016,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,PPK FS | S>Collector's Geisha,"It's a nice platformer (albeit short) with a very nice aesthetic.It's also very informative about typography, which is surprisingly interesting."
76561197995866600,Recommended,258890,16706765,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Megsie,"I'm not going to lie, I'm a bit biase toward well designed artsy games, BUT I think this is the best one I have ever played.I absolutely love the history and the attention to detail in the design and visual telling of the history points. There was a TON of attention to detail and references to the time periods the type came from.The only thing I'm a little disappointed with is that the secret level didn't include papyrus.... but that may be more of a graphic design heavy joke while comic sans gets the job done just fine...... It is short, but fun. If you're a bit skeptical... grab on a sale. It is throughly enjoyable though."
,Recommended,258890,18005878,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sneaky,10 green-laser eyes cats out of 10
76561198056809347,Recommended,258890,19556775,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Radardenker,"Great educational game for anyone who is remotely interested in the history of typography which might seem to be a very odd interest until you realize how fundamental these developements are not only for art history but for everyday life as well. It is a good game in that it is fun to play through occasionally and you feel like learning something too, the mechanics are solid enough, but not very finely tuned, which doesn't affect the overall experience but at very few times it can make the game challenging in a cheap way.I can only recommend picking this up, especially when on sale. It clearly stands out in the mediocrity of educational games and is graphically quite artistic, though ironically not always typographically correct as there cases of wrong hyphenation, some odd linebreaks, and stretchings in the texts (might just be an issue with the german version though).Looking at the potential that is there, it is a pity that the game only occasionally manages to transcend the ""museum-experience"" (i.e. looking at things, reading text about things, looking at things again) when it comes to informing the player about the background and a more playable approach would have been welcomed also as an inspiration for other games. There are some ideas for that, like, when you make your way through an offset printing machine.  But it is not elaborated enough to understand how it works, it still heavily relies on the player reading the corresponding text. One of the later stages is a bit more about playing with what you're supposed to learn, but imho gets a carried away into non-typographical territory. But this is somewhat of an unfair point to make here, as - as far as I am aware - nobody else has pulled that off on that scale of teaching so far."
,Not Recommended,258890,9321553,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,GrrrØwl,"Type:Rider is a nice little game about typographic history. Entertaining and very instructive.The gameplay is a little shaky though : it sometimes feels like the commands aren't responsive enough, especially in difficult levels like the bonus one,Comic Sans MS...The game in itself is actually quite beautiful, and being a typography enthusiast, it's quite satisfying to ""explore"" the letters shapes.I would definitely have recommended this game if it wasn't for one thing : it has been commisionned by the french-german TV channel Arte, and you can in fact play itfor freeonline... There's even the link from within the Steam version.I don't mind as I bought it during a big promo sale, but I wouldnothave paid full price for it, even though it's a nice game. My advice : play it online for free, and spend your money on another game."
76561198096079278,Recommended,258890,10796018,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FriendFive,"It's hard to recommend this game outright to all gamers because of its very nature, but I'm going to anyway, because I enjoyed it. Because of the sound design and the unique visual representation of each level, I feel that this is an example of ""video games as art"". If you remove the sound and visuals, not to mention the educational content about the history of typography, what you have is a casual, sides-scrolling platformer with a short duration. Gameplay consists of navigating two dots (you play as a colon?) across levels that have hazards and simple puzzles themed based on different typographical fonts. Yes, as other reviewers have noted, there are some sections that can be repetitive and frustrating, but overall, I felt the physics of controlling the two dots to feel ""right"". If you are at all interested in the subject matter, you should definitely pick this game up when there's a good sale on it. Other gamers who are looking for a casual few hours of platforming need not apply."
,Recommended,258890,28684640,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rexion,"I love the atmosphere/style of this game. It's not a very long game, but it's fun nonetheless, and I'm really glad I got it. It's not expensive, either, so you don't have much to lose by trying it! It's fairly relaxing and straightforward, but it holds my interest quite well."
,Recommended,258890,13976522,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,J3X,Pretty fun. Impressive mood & art.
,Recommended,258890,32900330,Posted: 27 June,all,Mozai,delightful educational game.
76561198338736939,Recommended,258890,34307564,Posted: 17 August,all,Le Souverain,"Superb game! I definitely recommend it to anyone having an interest for typography and those passionate about it, but also to those who are new to it and want to learn about its history. Gorgeous drawings and fantastic music that reflect the particular personality of every typeface.PS: I have seen people complaining about the controls, but I had no problem with them whatsoever. Others criticize the game for not being game-ish enough for their taste. Indeed, this it is more of an experience, but it felt very much like a game to me. It is not your usual game - it is an intelligent game. If you find yourself unable to entertain an intellectual thought, then this game is probably not for you.PPS: Congratulations to everyone who worked at this game. It is indeed a gem."
,Recommended,258890,9207818,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,zhu45,"wow... just wow! I wish I can learn my art history class like this! Amazing BGM! Each era has its uniquely picked corresponding BGM ! You can enjoy the music (of course, the game as well) and learn something about art at the same time!Amazing game! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,258890,10166731,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,DustyBlue,"A really fun and educational casual platformer, especially for those who have an interest in art/graphic design and history.You jump around through linear levels, collecting letters of the alphabet and reading material dispersed throughout. And you can read it whenever you feel like, even skip it entirely if you want. It's pretty mellow like that, but I think it's engaging just enough with the challenge factor while still managing to be a pretty relaxing experience. It's a pretty short game if you're just looking to blast through the levels, but I got some extra time and enjoyment out of it by reading all the material as I went along and collecting everything. Finding all the ampersands should prove to be a particular challenge, since there is one per level and they are quite hidden.I am proud to say that I like this game enough to have gotten every achievement, including that dumb Facebook/Twitter post one. I don't even have Facebook or Twitter, so this sort of achievement is dumb and irritating to me. But hey, I just borrowed my sister's account to get it. I still really like the game, but this sort of thing annoys me. A video game's achievements should never have anyhting to do with external social networking sites. This is nothing significant in terms of the game, but it's something that stuck out for me and I though it was worth mentioning, since I know there are others like me who aren't really into Facebook or Twitter, even if we may seem few and far between. We anti-Facebook people gotta stick together, y'all! We should totally make a Facebook page for our kind.Anyway, this being a game about ♥♥♥♥ing fonts, it's a very niche sort of game. But I happen to really like font, so this game appeals to me, that very specific sort of person who enjoys graphic design and history and delicious, glorious fonts. Gameplay-wise, it's nothing new or groundbreaking; it's a very simple platformer and there isn't much to it. But, again, if you like art, history, or art history, this is a fun (and educational!) trip. And I commend any game that can be fun AND educational, and also be centered around something as esoteric as fonts."
76561197969749884,Recommended,258890,20235699,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Type:Rider was an impulse buy during a sale for me and rarely have I ever so little regretted buying a game. It's both a very beautiful platformer, a little bit on the casual side, and at the same time an historic journey about letters. What might sound weird at first, does come together to a little gem which can and will be greatly enjoyed.If you liked Limbo and have a knack for artsy design and can deal with mildly casual gameplay, this is an addition to your library anyone should try out for a buck or two.It's not a very long game, it's not an overly complex game. But it is both beautiful and fun. And it's priced exactly right for what you get."
,Not Recommended,258890,15485124,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,twik900,"It is beautiful and informative and prety much a good concept over all, it just isn't fun to play. If you are looking for an educational game or want to learn more about typography this is the game for you. If you want a fun platformer look elsewhere."
76561198021684337,Not Recommended,258890,11455569,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Dr. sli. Carmack,"A piece of art: beautiful and fitting graphics; interesting soundtrack; wonderful, moody scenery; intellectual, a content you'd expect from a game supported by ARTE.It could have been so nice, but this game has the most annoying, inexcusably sluggish controls I have ever had to endure. It destroys the game, spoils all my fun, is a constant irritating veil over my otherwise enjoyable emotions. I'm just playing to get the next piece of information and be done with it – and that's not how I want to spend my time and money."
76561198044568555,Recommended,258890,8050626,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Simlish,"I am writing this after finishing the main game and having rage-quit the secret level. This game takes you through typographic history in a way that is creative and visually stunning. The graphics and the music are phenomenal, and each chapter offers something new. Going into this I was afraid that each level would play the same but with different visuals, and I was happily mistaken. Each chapter offers a new twist with a new mechanic, and it will take all of your platforming skills to get through them. Because let me tell you, this game is hard. Maybe it's just me, but I found Type:Rider to be extremely difficult. Unfortunately I'm not entirely sure this was all intentional. The nature of your character, so to speak, means it's very easy to get hung up on corners and serifs. Have fun with the Pixel chapter. Jumping is also infuriating at times because of the wall-jump mechanic that's perhaps just a bit too touchy. And yet despite my rage I had fun playing this. Here's the thing. I love typography. I had fun scrambling across fonts, and I had fun learning the history of font. It's certainly not a game for everyone, but if this sounds like the kind of experience you'd enjoy then I definitely recommend this."
,Not Recommended,258890,33254797,Posted: 4 July,all,jameslucas,"This game is neither fun nor a trustworthy source of information. The game has a large quantity textual history lessons (which you are regularly delivered to involuntarily), and if the ridiculously slow scrolling speed doesn't make you give up on them immediately, you'll be rewarded with gems such as ""The Bible is considered to be the most sucessful print job of Gutenberg's career"". The ineptitude of the writing is matched by the carelessness typography: hyphens are used instead of dashes, spacing is inconsistant, and straight-quotes abound.Don't buy this game. If you want a beautiful monochromatic platformer, playLimboorClosure. If you want a good history lesson on type, readThe Book: A Cover-to-Cover Exploration of the Most Powerful Object of Our Timeby Keith Houston."
,Recommended,258890,33099109,Posted: 1 July,all,skinnyraf,"Definitely worth playing, not only if you're interested in the history of fonts. Good visuals, interesting gameplay, awesome sound, good level design.One small issue: language/editorial mistakes in texts are unforgivable considering the topic of the game."
,Recommended,258890,11367131,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Yamato,"While being a casual platformer Type Rider is first and foremost an interactive educational experience.With two jumping dots you travel through history of language and printing learning about various types, their creators and some major printing inventions. From the oldest cave paintings to the Gutenberg's printing press and from offset printing to the first word processors.This game has good music, magnificent visuals and fairly simple platforming in its core.I really enjoyed Type Rider, though I wouldn't recommend buying it just for the gaming alone. Nothing to do here if you're not interested in history of printing and plan to skip all the text pieces."
,Not Recommended,258890,7742530,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ONIDRAUG-1,"The gamer in me wanted nothing to do with this title, but the designer and writer in me really wanted to see what a game about typography was all about. It's about typography. Every ""puzzle"" or so, you (really should, if you want to understand the theme of the level you are playing) read a wall of text about that period in the history of typography. But there is TOO MUCH TEXT! There isn't a lot of puzzle or platforming in this game, everything is straightforward: hop around the alphabet of whatever  font theme, collect the little mini-alphabet of whatever font theme, read the walls of text about the font theme, level complete. Most of the difficulty comes from unrefined controls. I love the idea and motivation behind this game, but it is a game. I wish they had really spent time on the game and level design, creating puzzles that gradually provided the same information written in Type:Rider's walls of text in a much more interactive and gratifying manner. Also, the music was really good."
,Recommended,258890,13175143,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Uncle Nolan,"Awesome game! Very chill. Soothing soundtrack, amazing art, and great gameplay! Wonderful little platformer that is different from the rest. BONUS: Its educational! I know more about fonts now than I ever did! Buy it now!"
,Not Recommended,258890,9173854,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,turboburger,"Plagued by the abominable physics that serve as a key game-mechanic, the only redeeming qualities are the full picture of the history of typography it offers and the beautiful accompanying levels."
,Not Recommended,258890,11218501,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,yandexx,"I'm an admirer of fonts and typesetting, so the premise of this game has certainly had me interested in playing. Unfortunately, the game is riddled with bugs and the platforming-oriented gameplay itself is often frustrating. Probably a more exploratory rather than player-challenging would have suited this game better.Gameplay and puzzles are physics-based, and this leads to obvious problems where you have to restart a section because you’re unable to get yourself or another ball to where you want it to be. Thankfully, the autosave points are aplenty. Or you might read another (often, interesting) font history blurb only to go back and see that the game has continued in the background, you have fallen into the abyss and will have to restart again.Finally, I have found it very sad that a game about typefaces isn’t using pair kerning or even ligatures anywhere in the interface. Also, annoyingly, the audio volume is not preserved across restarts. The music itself is pretty good though and generally fits the theme of the current level very well.Overall, the game is hard to recommend. If you’re interested in the theme, rather get the game on sale."
,Not Recommended,258890,8419754,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wwbjd,"Interesting as a history lesson, but typographic and grammatic errors as well as some of the absolute worst controls in a platformer ever, bog this game down into a frustrating and ultimately forgettable experience."
,Recommended,258890,28897580,Posted: 1 January,all,Aditya Ragil,⁨
,Recommended,258890,33773273,Posted: 24 July,all,ZerefZepher,"I must say this: the controls are HORID.If you look past that though, you find an artistic masterpiece taking you through the history of writing. If you're looking for a ""game,"" maybe skip, but know this is rather an experience."
,Not Recommended,258890,25717021,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Derfas13,"Story is ok.But gameplay is F HORRIBLE.Horrible physics, horrible jumps, horrible random♥♥♥♥♥♥happening."
,Not Recommended,258890,18099786,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Shadowdancer,"Controls are hilariously buggy. On the first attempt, the game mixed all my attached controllers including pedals into one big unplayable mess. After disconnecting everything but the keyboard, I get to the first tutorial screen where it tells me to use the arrow keys to move and then doesn't react to anything but the escape key which opens the menu and luckily allows to exit the ""game""."
,Not Recommended,258890,8861953,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,nhartmanonline,"I found this game inventive and interesting, but it's too short and basic. Not to mention that guiding yoru character is near impossible sometimes. I don't mind difficult, but his game left me frustrated and with a cramp in my hand."
76561197999133632,Not Recommended,258890,8187202,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,azure,"This game is irritating, not really fun. The idea seems solid, but the combination of the awkward floaty character you control who, as a semi-colon, gets caught on everything, and the levels being built from letters giving you places to get caught on things.The rotation of the semi-colon plays such a big part in your momentum and how you'll bounce, but since you have very little control over it, it just ends up feeling annoying more than fun. The presentation of the historical information is also boring as hell. The only good points are the art and music, but even those aren't good enough to make you think you're having fun. Don't bother with this one."
,Recommended,258890,7809465,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,alanoctua,Awesome typo game.
,Recommended,258890,10033077,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,UnitingRook,"I just started playing this and I have to say I love it! It's simple yet beautiful, and the music just makes for an amazing game! Plus you learn from it."
,Recommended,258890,19086670,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,שלום,It's not just a game. It's also a professor. I graduated in Font Science thanks to this game. It's as fun as good in teaching.
,Recommended,258890,8397149,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CCooper1994,"This game is great, but ignore the comic sans secret level. It's not worth it.Outside of the secret level, it's clear that they worship every font and era, making this a lot of fun."
,Recommended,258890,8687550,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Garnifled,A simple but beautyfull learning game.
,Not Recommended,258890,19325955,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Shawnecy,"A fine platformer with a great artistic style and fitting music. However, the mechanics are quite simple, and the act of controlling a colon (or is it two periods?) I don't really find enticing enough to play more than two levels of such simple gameplay. I'm sure it ramps up eventually, but given that the entirety of platforming here is move and jump with no further depth, I can't say that I feel really enticed nor do I feel like I'm missing anything by not giving this game more time (this genre is already heavily saturated with top notch competitors for my time).If you're a big platformer or typography fan, this may be up your alley. Otherwise I say stay away."
,Not Recommended,258890,10163914,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,N30C,Fun platformer teh last few levels have a few glitchy sections that clearly weren't playtested a ton but its a fun. The level design is just bad at the end to the point of frustration.
,Recommended,258890,15571261,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"It's a fun little platforming game. It's not the best thing I've played, but it's worth a few bucks."
,Recommended,258890,8587131,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kyleia,"Type Rider is a nice, basic platformer that is educational and fun for a few hours. Although it can be frustrating at times because of the physics (STUPID SECRET LEVEL) I still enjoyed my time with Type:Rider and would recommend it."
,Recommended,258890,8593610,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,chi||is - Found on OverWatch,"A relatively simple game of left and right, plus jumping movements.However, it contains enough depth about the history of typography to render it unique.Puzzles wise are challenging, especially the hidden ampersands.Beautifully crafted with a nice soundtrack to boot.Despite this being a typographic videogame, there were some typo errors.Nothing major enough to spoil the game, but it could use a bugfix."
,Recommended,258890,8824556,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Pantomime (Mul's),How did I bought this?When did this happen?
,Not Recommended,258890,12639004,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BasiukTV,"I'm not sure who's intended audience of this game.Platformer part doesn't offer much special and way too casual.Educational/History part of the game is kind of shallow and not too engaging.So, while visuals and sound effects are quite nice, that's not enough for me to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,258890,25804339,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ॐNanobotzॐ,"i good game..i love the art style and uniquess aswell as the knowledge that is shared BUT.im not gonna recommend this game.. my reason is..moving your character/Dots around is♥♥♥♥♥♥and gets frostrating like HELL!..and that for that alone im giving it a thumbs down... BUT.. the game is what it says it is and it has its good points.... so even though i give it a thumbs down, as a true gamer.. its still worth checking out and giving a try ;)"
76561198011139061,Not Recommended,258890,13707873,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,danielghofrani,"what a painfully dull, boring and useless game."
,Not Recommended,258890,12613023,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sgt Sügger,"What's wrong with the physics of this game? It's taking me forever to get the last achievement! I'd have rated it positively, but it has two of the most annyoing minigames I've ever played.Comic Sans and tetris inside Pixel"
76561198034714235,Not Recommended,258890,18710734,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,zzzms,"Whilst there are good elements to this game, the gameplay is somewhat ruined by the control - or lack of it - that you have over your balls, e.g. wall jumps.  Some of the levels are poorly designed, with some pretty awful 'features' - such as the mine cart which is really awful and clunky.  I'd like to like this game but ultimately the gameplay has a lot to be desired.  It does look good and sounds good but the inside is, ultimately, hollow."
,Recommended,258890,10425396,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Dopefish,"Got mauled by a cat, shot, squashed and had my balls exploded. Would buy again."
,Recommended,258890,7892598,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Presidente Moongarita,"Wow... Education and a game in one?!?! SO COOL!I have to say I was recommended this by a friend so that is the main reason for the purchase. Anyways about the game, it is a platformer you are two black balls that follow each other bouncing on objects through pyramids, comic zones, the great west, and much more. It is hard to bounce your two balls up high but it is what it is, your balls can even bounce on the walls. You learn about our history in the style of type and it is believe it or not very interesting. I am not much of a historian, but after this I'm going to brag to all the kids at school how cool I am for being the know it all ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on typing and fonts. Collect all the letters and♥♥♥♥♥♥to win blah blah. Achievments are easy also! And the game could improve on controls, but what can you do when it is eduation that is on the line!Buy it its a cute game and i recommend it.... (should I put a rating, uhm)7/10"
76561197971008413,Recommended,258890,17253769,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Byromaniac,Nice game.
,Not Recommended,258890,20227482,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jozz,Bag of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,258890,29584985,Posted: 30 January,all,MAVEN,"As a designer I can say this game is great looking and well-executed. But this is in vain as the game is nothing more than a religious and neo-conservative propaganda right from the very beginning.It tries so hard to teach you about history of letters which is nice, however it COMPLETELY ignores ancient and actual 1st runic languages, symbols and uses of written, spoken and ""translated"" ways of communication such as  Russy Daarian KaRuna Runes, Bukvitsa, Sanskrit, Aztec, Mayan, etc, instead it focuses on neo-trash made-up myths about what is mostly based on latin which itself is a highly watered down version of older runic forms.This game should be called Type:Plagiarize for it's ignorance of history and propaganda of neo-""culture""I speak 4 languages fluent, read 3 runic ""alphabet"" and do NOT recommend this game to an educated person. On the other hand if you're a illiterate pleb in need of some basics this game should be mandatory for you."
,Recommended,258890,9179483,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,himmatsj,"A great little atmospheric platformer Type:Rider is, taking you through time and introducing many of the important type faces in today's world to the player as you go along. Gameplay isn't particularly challenging so if you're looking for some hardcore platforming, look elsewhere. Having said that, for trophy hunters and completionists, you may have to open your eyes wider and explore the surroundings to get all the collectibles.The selling point here is the experience and level design. Like I said above, the gameplay isn't challenging but some of the puzzles and mechanics involved in the level design are indeed very cleverly done. Even if you do not bother reading through the collectibles you find, you still feel like you learned something. Great visuals and music as well which mirror the setting and era of each type face.I managed to 100% the game in around 4 hours without consulting any guides, so yeah, it's not on the long side, but more importantly it doesn't overstay its welcome. Something unique and quite unlike anything I've played before, so I give Type:Rider a resounding recommendation on my part!"
,Not Recommended,258890,10672013,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mr.Pollack,"Just because it has typography in the back ground doen't make it any more well thought out.It's bigest selling point is the typo and only thing they do is just ""excisting""."
,Recommended,258890,10738522,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,arbitrarycivilian,"This is a strange game indeed. It is an educational game like Math Blasters or... (OK that's the only educational game I remember playing as a child), but for people of any age instead of just children. I like that it teaches a rather niche and not necessarily important topic, typography. I got the game because I had always wanted to know more about typography, so this was the perfect chance.The gameplay itself is incredibly simple, as one might expect of an educational game. You take the role the colon - yes you are litterally the colon, this guy right here "":"". It is a simple platforming game. The catch is the platforms are letters and objects having to do with the history of typography, like the printing press. This gives the levels a visual theme and separates them from other platformers, but as the typography of the letters can get quite complext, this can lead to some unweildy platforming. Some parts are genuinely difficult to get through because of the odd platforms.During the levels, you collect orbs that give you pages of text on the history of typography. These can interrupt the gameplay, so I preferred to read them all together once I had completed the level. This is where the learning of the game comes from. The information is well-written and interesting. In fact, it was the reason I completed the game. After a while, the gameplay does get rather tedious, I'd say about 2/3 of the way through I wanted to stop, but I kept going because I wanted to catch up with the history of typography up to the present day. I will say though that I find the early history of typography more interesting than the recent history, but that's subjective.Overall, I'd say get this game if you're interested in the subject matter. Needless to say the gameplay alone doesn't carry it, but if you want to learn about typography there are certainly worse ways. I honestly wish there were more games like this, that taught narrow subjects in game form. Of course this game is certainly not the perfect way to do so, as it could benefit from more interactivity with the material, but it's a good start."
76561198132450781,Recommended,258890,10181773,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mackenzinator,"Unique Game! had me intrigued throughout its entirety. Great music, Not too long, But an interesting ride. 6.99 is a bit much for a 2hr game in my opinion. wait for sale perhaps."
76561198010298625,Not Recommended,258890,10700247,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Thebesthackerever,"To be quite honest I thought this game was going to be more fun. It promised cool puzzles and typography. What I got was poor controls and the most boring lesson on the history of type and lettering I've every voluntarily gone through. The puzzles were too easy. It was just bleh, in italics."
76561198028973936,Not Recommended,258890,10606209,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zolphia,"I want to love this game, but can't.It looks gorgeous with its lovely design and quirky topic. And if I could smoothly roll through the levels, and thus through the suprisingly deep history of typograhpy and it's pretty looks, I would've had an enjoyable couple of hours.But unfortunately, my enjoyment was hampered by the controls. The two dots sometimes seem to have a will of their own. And when I kept dying instead of making progress, due to not responsive controls, it just led to frustration in the end. Real shame."
,Recommended,258890,10291641,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,thylja,"What an excellent little gem! Sadly it shows a lot that this game was developed with a target audience with touch interfaces in mind. In fact, when playing it on PC, even with a gamepad, the controls are wonky and sometimes frustrating.But honestly, that's all the negative I can say about this wonderful little piece of art! It almost goes without saying that the graphics and the design are impeccable and the sound design creates an atmosphere that takes the player right into the core of the expierence.Everyone interested in design, platformers or willing to spend a little over 3-4 hours on a platformer that's tricky to master, shoudl absolutely get their hands on Type: Rider."
,Recommended,258890,10092916,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Luna,"This game is absolutely stunning visually and musically, I find it so peaceful and rather breezy.Very, very well done."
,Recommended,258890,9167958,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[Flavius],"Super interesting and educational if you are even remotely interested in typography or design in general. It covers the history of typography really well.The actual gameplay is sufficient enough but I wouldn't buy it for that alone, instead get it if you want to learn about typography and want something beautiful to interact with meanwhile."
,Recommended,258890,9158524,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Shinzakura,"Caveat: I'm a type/font maker and a typophile, so I might be a little biased here.Type:Rider (TR) is a history lesson on the written word disguised as a physics puzzle game.  If you're a type fan, just buy the game - don't even bother reading this, just buy it!  As for the rest of you, it's a cute little timewaster, filled with some challenging physics puzzles and some really neat history on the creation of the written word, from cave paintings to...well, I won't spoil the secret level for you.I can't recommend this game enough!"
76561197980697683,Recommended,258890,12139286,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Cat Fart,Nice and refreshing.
,Recommended,258890,12136583,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Winter,Beautiful platformer game.. learn something about fonts and a little history. Some challenges but they don't seem to be hard so far. It's more about having a nice casual game and enjoying the atmosphere.
,Recommended,258890,12152830,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,foamcoreflyer,"A must play for all graphic designers, or any kind of artist really. I only wish for a super easy mode for non-gamers who would find the challenge too hard but could benefit from the experience otherwise. Because it is somewhat challenging, I have a hard time suggesting it to everyone I know would love the premise because I know they would get frustrated, give up, and go back to reading a book about graphic design.On the flip side, it has just enough difficulty for a gamer like myself to not be frustrating, but give a sense of accomplishment when a challenging part is overcome. It does have a few glitches, but nothing ruining the experience.I loved every moment of this game. Especially the Bauhaus section of Futura and the Helvetica level because I love Bauhaus and Swiss aesthetics. Every moment was a piece of typographic perfection, and it was theraputic after being out in the real world, where terrible design abounds."
,Recommended,258890,9625967,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,n0rr3c,"+ great visuals+ great music+ generally interesting+ simple and enjoyable- clumsy physics/controls, not as responsive as it should- frustrating in a few areasAbout 2 hrs of simple and enjoyable gameplay + 0,5 hr of frustration8/10 overall"
,Recommended,258890,9372029,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,SickB,"Educational ""Limbo""""Limbo"" with Balls.Short (2-3 hours) but entertaining."
,Recommended,258890,10747479,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Submarine Fish & Knuckles,"I though it was a fun, simple, short platformer/puzzle game. And I was right. It has great music and amazing art. Well worth the few bucks in my opinion. But seriously though, Type:Rider has out of this world levels."
,Recommended,258890,17054036,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,-Magreev- J-E-N-O-V-A 🎃,"it's fun and relaxing, if you buy it at steam sales, great!"
,Recommended,258890,16722773,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,HappyAccidents,"It's pretty good. ♥♥♥♥ the Pixel level though. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ the Pixel level. I absoutely hate it. Aside from that, the game made learning history fun, so good for that!7/10"
,Recommended,258890,16708349,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,mcvpn,nice music and simple nice graphic makes this game very addictive *_*
76561198156060555,Recommended,258890,18547444,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ututat,Typography was never so interesting.
76561198052450924,Not Recommended,258890,17322151,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ugster,"It`s okay. Pretty slow platformer, which is only worth getting if you really enjoy the atmosphere or are genuinely interested in the history of typography."
,Recommended,258890,18983382,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Motion,Just a visual beatifull game
76561198115226378,Recommended,258890,17229821,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,HappyEvilSlosh,It's the typography game you never knew you wanted. My only complaint is that it's over too soon.
76561198145044700,Recommended,258890,16786735,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,FiviG,"Now you know. This educational jounrey into the history of written language is a great experiment in to possibly how we can use games to teach, and more over it's just plain fun."
,Not Recommended,258890,16486843,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Morgue,"A game aimed at the niche of people who like both typography (Yay!) and platformers (Eugh). I realised this niche does not in fact, include me."
,Recommended,258890,17936164,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,iamyenners,Super fun and educational! Music and gameplay is beautiful.
,Recommended,258890,18062615,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Jakedax,"A really good platformer, really instructive.May not be the game of the century, but it's actually pretty good for what it is. Playing this game was really a good time, and just for the knowledges it shares, it's a beautiful game.My bad points are not on the gameplay, but on the physics, which can be pretty random sometimes, making you fail with no real good reason.But this game have great good points, such as scenario... oh wait no. But knowledges of course. It's very instructive, and I like that. And what you have to know about this, is that you are NOT forced to read all this stuff. Except if you want the achievement, but the game can be tricked easily I guessed. And there's a little surprised at the end of the game which is really funny.The difficulty is not really high, but keep increasing as you pass the levels, asking you to play better. I feel the difficulty is fine for this game. We don't want it to be a really hard game, so if you want some challenge, that may not be for you...But this game surely is a really interesting experience, and I warmly recommend it to anyone who likes platform games, typography, and why not learning stuff.Good game, really. PLUS: you can give it a try on Arte's website. You can play the first level at least, but it really is a tutorial, really easy. That being said, it still can give you a good idea of the game's atmosphere. Which is really good.OK that's all. Hope you'll give it a try."
,Not Recommended,258890,17146517,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Dunced,really wanted to like this game. Turns out that the mechanics were broken and the two ball system failed. This is not a game I would recommend. Sigh.
76561198194459855,Recommended,258890,16838068,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,PhibesX,"Fun, challenging, and informative. What's not to like?The controls could be better, but that doesn't make the game any worse. I'd totally recmmend it."
76561198007688772,Recommended,258890,17998294,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Aargh,"Simple but imaginative platformer with fantastic art style and even some educational value. Who would think that typography can be an interesting theme for a game...I have one complaint - the secret level is just horrible. Suddenly the difficulty is ramped up and there are no checkpoints so you have to complete the level in one flawless run. And you need to do it to get at least three achievements. Dear developers, I know you were trying to make me hate Comic Sans but you almost made me hate you and your game instead."
,Recommended,258890,13439280,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,stroncis,"It was great! One of greatest concepts with amazing implementation of visual style, gameplay, sound and plot. As you travel through history of type, music and visuals reflect game's present timespan. It's not ""TOP100 FONTS OF ALL TIME"", game represents evolution of writing to modern times, digital times.Comic Sans MS have it's cave too, there you can find cute kittens, joy, dolphins and unicorns. Cheerful music...starts to irritate after some time, and all this level is totally messed up, up to point, when keyboard meets wall. It reveals Comic Sans MS nature surprisingly well.Again - extraordinary game!"
76561197999052534,Recommended,258890,10031393,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,jim_magim,What is this story about? It is an adventure! You are a colon: a small punctuation on a journey to discover its past; you are in a story of discovery. Jump and bounce your way through history. A nice platformer that ties in history.10/10  better than the other type of colon.
,Recommended,258890,14986883,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Katus18,"As a typography dork this game apealed to me right away and being the first game I bought on Steam I will always be weirdly attached to it. The Sectret/Bonus level is also hilarious in so many ways. ... That asside the controls are crazy annoying at times. A "":"" is a hard thing to move around. Though who doesnt love a challenge.If you like type and platformers then this is a winner."
76561197964882646,Recommended,258890,15435158,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,apathy,"Fun game, but one that wouldn't play more than a few minutes without glithing out :-(  Thumbs up, because if the game plays well for you it is very cool."
,Recommended,258890,14481546,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CommissarTommy,"The overall art style and playstyle of the early levels is very calming and relaxing, it was nice to learn a little bit about the various typefaces and whatnot but the puzzling and platforming was very good. I personally thought the later levels were poor in comparision but I recommend this game anyway!"
,Not Recommended,258890,14602756,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CB007,"This is more of a maybe than a flat out No. This game is kind of a cross between a 2D platformer and a Wikipedia article. But the two sides of it are pretty much completely separate. You won't learn anything WHILE playing the game unless you pause and look at the unlockables.The graphics are very stylized, and look good for what they are. The main issue is that the game is slow moving and fairly difficult to control. There are moments where it tries new things like a minecart ride, and those are always more fun than the normal gameplay. Give it a try during a good Steam Sale or giveaway but that's as far as I'd go.PS- Ignore the time played. I spent about an hour and a half clearing the main game but left this running to get the trading cards. Finding all the secrets would probably add another hour or two."
,Recommended,258890,15987889,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Rick Conjutivite,"Simple, intuitive and the comic-sans level will make you rage."
,Recommended,258890,15473858,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,starwolf,"A unique and artistic puzzle platformer based around the history of typography. Who would've thought there was so much intrigue in fonts and typesetting?Pros:-Original theme and Interesting graphic style. Easy on the eyes yet simplistic enough to not distract from the game play.-The soundtrack was atmospheric and never seemed to get monotonous, even when having to redo parts of a level several times.-Difficulty level starts out easy enough and progresses steadily with each new area. ""Puzzles"" are not terribly difficult but in later levels the difficulty of just getting to the other side of the area is challenging enough.-Steam achievements.Cons:-The controls have a lot to be desired but I tend to feel this way about a lot of these ""puzzle platformers"". While it has a beginning tutorial, the chance to practice the most needed skills don't really arise til you discover them and by that time you will be cursing the controls. I found myself wishing I could change the key bindings on the controls because despite what it says they are mostly one handed. Though this works fine in beginning levels, it adds an unwanted element to some of the later ones where accuracy was needed that i found more than a little frustrating. (make sure if you're on voice chat that you're on PTT or your friends may hear some interesting language ;) lol )-Achievements are an issue with the controls in my opinion. (though probably not impossible if you can train yourself to the controls)Overall, a fun and unique game that accomplishes the short-term play these games are usually designed for. Will keep you busy and entertained for a couple, or several, hours depending on your playstyle and how much you really want those achievements. Worth grabbing on sale if you enjoy the genre. 7/10"
76561197986291714,Not Recommended,258890,15642340,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,rocky258 [swe],"this game gave me high blood pressure.also, the secret level made me want to kill myself by stabbing myself to death with a pento make a more thorough explanation of this negative review; unresponsive controls, seemingly unresponsive and random physics at times, buggy graphics and in-game models (e.g. an object that is required so as you can roll your effing dots from point A to point B does not spawn, or has faulty physics makes it impossible to actually get to point B). Also, as a sort of double-edged sword - the many respawn points servers a purpose, but since the whole point of the game is to collect all letters in every font (a.k.a level), the way-too-frequent respawn-points causes you to have to replay a whole level if you by accident or as a result of above-mentioned buggy physics and controls miss a letter because the game rarely allow you to back-track in a level if you accidentally trigger an invisible respawn-point.The game isn't catastophically bad per sé, but all these mentioned flaws contribute to an EXTRAORDINARELY painful mess in a game that is heavily reliable at quick actions. Thankfully bought this game during an Indie-sale or with a coupon."
,Not Recommended,258890,13174492,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,xav33,"Great concept, beautfigul graphics.  I really wanted to love this game, but the mechanics involved in controlling a colon became frustrating on the last level.  Why not just use a period?  Gameplay would have been much better."
76561198091903745,Recommended,258890,13415115,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,BoogieManJapan,"What a game....a very unconventional that is. You are 2 dots, on their journey from the beginning to the current state of fonts.It has educational value (you will unlock the history of various font types on your journey), it's challenging (try getting the ""Desperado"" achievement, and offers a couple hours of fun.I believe this is a game not for everyone, however, well done Arte for bringing this game to life. I'd like to see more of these projects, where gaming is combined with education."
,Recommended,258890,15390375,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Niterunner,A fantastically atmospheric interactive journey throught the history of writing :)
,Recommended,258890,15390458,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Atac de Panică | Aquaçyrys,"it's been in my wishlist for some time, and only now could i buy it. and 75% off.this is the total opposite of the impossible game saga.it's peaceful, it's challenging and wonderfully crafted.games like Type:Rider deserve to be mainstream.hats off to everyone who worked at it. ♥a most definite 'yes' to this piece of art."
,Recommended,258890,15341232,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ellen,"This game is incredible.  The platforming was some of the best I've seen in a long time, I learned so much about the fonts we use today. The educational part of this is optional, but it comes in small, easily disgestible portions so it's really not hard to read the stuff. The visualisations of each ""font level"" were intriguing. The surprise font they go over at the end is super hilarious and rounds out the whole historical progression PERFECTLY. Steam cards and achievements further solidify this as a no-brainer yes for me."
,Recommended,258890,15424541,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,spiritheidi,Type:rider is beautiful storyline about world of Fonts.  I learned things about Fonts that I never knew the history behind it.  I love how they create the challenging puzzles to figure out.  Fun. Fun!
,Not Recommended,258890,16336904,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Exarch,"Great in concept and graphical design. I sure learned a lot!I still couldn't enjoy it properly, since the controls quite finicky."
76561198026140233,Recommended,258890,13640821,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MaryClarice,I simply loved this game! It's not only a journey into the world of typography but also a fun adventure!
76561198087154156,Recommended,258890,13663897,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Its Filthy Frank Motherfucker,"I explored the wonders of Books, looking for letters and white balls to put in holes. I spent most of my time reading and listening to a good soundtrack whilst trying to get past the spikes and books that are on fire. there was water that i had to swim in and i always had to try and get  to the end without dying. But then i played this game, good soundtrack 7/10"
,Recommended,258890,9211927,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,[TSC] Ember D,"Beautiful game! This was a truly unique expirience, I've never played anything like it.Type:Rider takes you through the history of Typography. The levels offer some challenge (I personally didn't find them hard), the soundtrack compliments the graphics and makes the game even better. While the game is short overall it's really well made. Loved it, definitely worth the money (:"
,Recommended,258890,9214016,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Rodney182,"A simple, artful game. Recommended."
,Recommended,258890,13914513,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,joeltb,Such fun game. Who know learning about fonts could be fun. Fascinating game.
,Recommended,258890,13610317,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Corican,"Iffy controls marrs this otherwise decent platformer. Everything feels too loose and the jumping is quite...laggy? I'm not sure how to describe it.However, I would still recommend it because it works well, has a variety of levels and apart from the small issues I have with the controls, it's a good game."
,Recommended,258890,12373014,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,manislane,"Another beautiful game, the graphic and the music ... it is very challenging to solve as it is not easy to move around inside the game. It requires patient and stay intact being calm to conduct this game. I just enjoy being inside the game ... the whole thing is mesmirizing, going back through times to read the history of the typhography ...."
,Recommended,258890,12304508,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Tak!,"Type:Rider is a platformer about typography.The player controls a (grammatical) colon, which bears a remarkable similarity to steering two sentient blobs of gelatin tethered by an invisible rope. This unique physical property gives the gameplay a silly, intentionally slightly awkward feel.The platforming itself isn't incredibly challenging (except for the @%&^$#$% bonus level!), but each area, themed after a particular typeface, is unique, absorbing, and beautiful. Type:Rider is definitely a few hours and dollars well spent."
,Recommended,258890,11721367,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Occi,"Fairly interesting story/history. Cool style and graphics. Controls are complete and utter garbage. Quite a few bugs, don't even bother trying to cheat the system, just restart the game and give up.Skip the secret level (comic sans) at the end of the game unless you want to puke at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ le maymay xD humor and rage at how hopeless it is with the horrible controls/physics. Really, this level should never have been included, gave me a bitter aftertaste after what otherwise was a decent ending. Probably wasted half an hour just on this level."
76561198116334557,Recommended,258890,11249583,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,beamishbanderkat,"This game is a work of art. Type:Rider combines the fun of a platformer with lessons on the history of writing and typefaces and does so in a beautiful world built of the very typefaces in question. It is both serene and suprisingly challenging at times. It is enjoyable enough as a platformer, but its those interested in art history that will fall in love with this game. It is quite simply a delight to play."
,Recommended,258890,11019323,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kefen,"Kind of a simpler, nerdier and more educational version of NightSky, as far as ambiance goes. A short and mildly interesting thing if you don't know anything about typography and want a bit more interactivity than just googling for details would offer.Also, the secret level at the end made me laugh. :P"
,Recommended,258890,12920549,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,castorquinn,"In BriefType:Rideris a platformer where the levels are composed of letters and you get to read little outlines of the history of typography.Most valuable resource:Interesting, clever and attractive visuals.Of interest to:People studying typography, and noone else.Type:Riderhas a good number of levels, with an enjoyable difficulty curve, and generally solid level design that is a nice combination of reflexes and frustration.  As a platformer it is fine; it's not outstanding, but it's competent.But really, you're not playing this game for the platforming.  If you buy Type:Rider it's because you're interested in typography, so let's consider it on that basis.  It's fun playing through levels where letters make up the platforms and the interactive elements.  Each set of levels is themed after the important type development, and these themes are often witty, especially if you know a little about type.   The chaos and randomness of the final secret level is the perfect representation of type in the age of the social web, and the challenge in that level is pure memory grinding, which is a lovely, delightful, punishing way to wrap up the game.  The collectibles are not a shoe in, which means you do need to keep an eye out for them and plan to nab them.  The controls are responsive, making failure acceptable and success satisfying.Several times a level you can pick up these asterisks that give you a short passage explaining something about this era of typography.  The idea here is great but the implementation is clunky; the window of time in which you can activate this readable is very limited, and can ruin your flow through a level.  You can always access them later, but who does?  A voice over or some less obstrusive way to present the information would have been nice.  It's a small issue, but since those notes are half the purpose behind this game, it's something they should have gotten right.All in all though if you know a little about typography and enjoy platformers, this is a good pick-up.  If you're just looking for a tight platforming experience, this won't wow you."
,Recommended,258890,11351049,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Lord Kaio,"This game is awesome.  It's a simple platformer with a ton of style.  The presentation is beautiful with a combination of typography making up a large portion of the environment, along with things representing the time period from the font in question.  Decently tight controls (in some levels, the controls are the only real obstacle) and minimalist music also work in it's favor.  Add in some knowledge with bonus pickups that unlock information about the writing at the time and you get a hella good game for a good price.  The only real negative I could say is that it only took about 2 hours to 100% the game, outside of getting through the one level without dying...it just happens to be a level that the controls suck on (minecart while getting shot at)."
,Recommended,258890,12976175,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ritardedartkid,"For about 5 minutes I actually thought comic sans was kinda fun... and then I went right back to hating it. This was a nice casual game that reminded me a bit of Limbo. The levels, graphics, and music were all well done and I even learned a little history along the way. Education + video games for the win!8/10"
76561198136412347,Recommended,258890,13046214,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ahicra,"A really nice game about the history of typography. If you are not interested in this, it's a simple jump'n'run kind of game with good visuals and fitting music.The controls are not as bad as described. You are a colon and the movement behaves as such. Very soon you should get a feeling for the physics. Every time I missed a jump, I knew it was my own fault.However, my biggest complain actually comes from a typographical standpoint, so to speak. You get „taught“ about the history of fonts and print mostly through texts – which are horrible to read. Not in a regular video game kind of way, but in a really, really bad way that would have made me wince no matter where I saw it. I played the game in German, but it’s hard to believe this could be much better in any other language simply based on the sloppy technique they used.But otherwise the game was fun and unexpectedly creative in some cases."
,Recommended,258890,20055585,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Curiosity,For a game about typography it sure does have some weird   k e r n i n g
,Recommended,258890,20680346,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,beruset,"Definitely not for everyone, but if you're interested in the history of type face, and want it presented in a fun way, give this game a try. Well worth the $5."
76561198025427208,Recommended,258890,25152933,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,trdsf,"Simple game mechanics, beautiful design work, terrific music, and educational to boot - what's not to love?  Recommended for puzzlers who love the lore of language in its visual form and for players who want something a little different."
,Recommended,258890,24840492,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Anyanka,"I have not been this taken with a game in a while. Pretty colours, pretty fonts, aptly spaced-out reading materials. What else one can ask for is beyond me."
76561197998305943,Recommended,258890,25519949,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,kikea,"Concerns itself with the chronology of historical developments in lettering & typography to the present day. It looks and sounds fantastic and manages to capture the mood of typography of each typographic era well, but the game doesn't come together so cohesively.To read the history of each segment, you have to pause the game and labour through an excessively animated skeumorphic book interface. The platforming itself is mediocre and the character is frustratingly sluggish and clumsy.Also small niggle, really weird choice to use justified text in the body.Recommended for anyone interested in type."
,Recommended,258890,26639432,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GeekyLord59,This game gets my typography-nerd seal of approval
,Recommended,258890,26761237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ＳＣＨＯＯＬＧＩＲＬ,Seriously though that Comic Sans level can go ♥♥♥♥ itself
,Recommended,258890,26925985,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mxr,"Type:Rider might not be the best Platformer I've played but it it certainly has one of the more inovative mechanics.Further more it is one of the only games I've played lately that actually try to teach the player something valuable about art, history and typography without being patronizing."
,Recommended,258890,27038857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stryker Zero,"A surprisingly fun platformer that succeeds in what should be impossible: making you care about fonts. If you take the time to read as you go and notice the differences as you travel through the ages, it's interesting to see how the evolution of a single written language can parallel the evolution of an entire culture. Of course this wouldn't matter if the gameplay was awful, but thankfully the platforming is serviceable and often broken up by clever moments that integrate each level's theme.Type:Rider was clearly made by a development team that's very passionate about a subject that most people take for granted, and a video game is as good a way to learn about it as any. This game is worth a fiver even despite that, but more games like this deserve to be noticed, played and discussed. Rock on, Ex Nihilo."
76561198079495694,Recommended,258890,26000186,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,mike9_the_snake,"This is a nice little platformer with very simple controls left right and jump. However that doesn't make it boring, there is plenty of hazards and unique elements to keep you entertained, theres even a few simple puzzles and minigames thrown in for good measure. Reminds me of portal and limbo in places.If had to pick out a fault the physics can make your controls a bit wonky from time to time but thankfully it saves progress fairly often. I think without those wonky physics though it wouldn't be half as much fun to play.After completing the game I can honestly say for a casual game it was a lot of fun to play and would recommend giving it a go. I just wish there was few more silly levels thrown in."
,Recommended,258890,24184675,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Alcator,"Love this game. Most of the time, it's a simple platformer with unusual (in fact, unique) character (the semicolon), but there are few really well designed puzzle elements.The encyclopedic information which you can access is cool and accessible even to laymen."
,Recommended,258890,23133135,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pancaken,Awesome sauce.
76561198109460524,Recommended,258890,10134254,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,snnlsn,"Enjoyment of Type:Rider will likely hinge on one's interest in, or curiosity about, typography. As a platformer the game is rather standard, though the two dots (colon?) are somewhat unwieldy. Nowhere is this more evident than the in the bonus level, modeled on Comic Sans MS and some of the internet's more hackneyed tropes. The level requires a degree of precision which is hard to gauge from the low level of detail presented by the player avatar. That being said, this mostly isn't an issue, as the game is rather easy as far as platformers go, the puzzle levels are relatively simplistic, and the game is forgiving as well, with frequent checkpoints, making it suitable for more casual platformer players.As far as integrating the educational material into the gameplay goes, it doesn't. Information about the history of type is present in snippets of text that are picked up in the form of collectables in the levels. Most collectables are rather easy to find, save one that I noticed several Let's Play videos missed. Also ""missed"" is the particular reason for Comic Sans's failure. As a typesetter once told me, CS was intended to be used at a 6 pt size. Unlike many other typefaces, CS is completely legible here. When made larger, it comes to look ridiculous. While I'm at it, the game misuses the word ""font,"" which actually refers to a particular size, thickness and style of a typeface, not merely the typeface. That being said, I still found it pleasant to take breaks from the action for an illustrated slice of the history of type.In spite of its shortcomings Type:Rider is a breezy, short game with handsome presentation that should make a nice parfait for afficianados of the printed word."
,Recommended,258890,22402830,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,stephochrey,"Beautiful, completely catered to my Graphic Design side. I love typography and this was fun and amazing."
,Recommended,258890,22503082,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,katinacooker,"Pretty cool. Short but interesting. Good way to spend a couple of hours. Lots of reading, so if you arent interested in the history of fonts i wouldnt bother if i were you"
76561198080702464,Recommended,258890,15518238,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Time Lord,"It's quite an interesting game with the beautiful setting that keeps the atmosphere perfectly. But I still do find the fact that the bonus level has no checkpoints and reveals the reduced speed of the colon as the opposite to what the word 'bonus' used once to mean. But wait, maybe that's just an artful way to make people start hating cats."
,Recommended,258890,21733010,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"Other than a few frustrating spots and translation oddities, I was very pleased with Type:Rider. The concept of combining education, art, and gameplay is one that really works for this title and has left me looking for games that also attempt to achieve this combination of elements. I am not very experienced or good at platformers. I found some parts of Type:Rider to be a little annoying and immersion-breaking, because I went into the game looking for an experience rather than a challenge. Most of the time, though, Type:Rider delivered this experience that I was looking for."
76561197969683432,Recommended,258890,32239947,Posted: 7 June,all,yidaki53,"Fun and simple platformer, with a lot of educational information about typefaces/fonts."
76561198004834579,Recommended,258890,14578265,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ginger ale,A good platformer for studying the history of fonts.
76561198274513242,Recommended,258890,32832209,Posted: 26 June,all,ryhui,"I don't usually like platformers, just coming for the reading :)"
