user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197993174997,Recommended,258910,14161892,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,QT,"It's pretty much Earthbound/Mother meets politics. It's a great combo with a few flaws.Pro:- Charming hand-drawn graphics- Gameplay is unique and varies with citizens combo- Music is great and every recruitable citizen has their own voiceover.- Recruiting the citizens is half the game. The other half, the story itself, which isn't that long.- Light-hearted humor- A lot of hommage to Earthbound/Mother- Not very grindy (Unless you love it)Con:- Pretty ridiculous encounter rate (Like, a bunch of them all at once on screen)- Short, but that's expected from a $15 title- Some bugs that can crash your game without warning (switching out certain characters, teleporting, interacting with certain objects or even going to certain areas)It happens rarely at least.- Not very grindy (Unless you love it)Get it if you love:- Turn-based RPGs- Political satires- Earthbound/Mother and/or Suikoden- Something casual- HumorDon't get it if:- You wanted something more hardcore (Unless you adjust difficulty via a citizen)- You want something serious- You want a long game- You hate everything politics related.- You lack a sense of humor"
76561197971628333,Not Recommended,258910,18466750,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Modranto,"Hits some nostalgia chords but falls well short of the games that inspired it.On two separate occasions I lost enough interest in Citizens of Earth that I took a couple months off from playing it. Today I've finally finished it, including recruiting all the citizens (I'm a completionist), and am ultimately left disappointed. Much like the character of the Vice President (VP) of the World that you play as, I found this game initially appealing but shallow once you dig in a little.My biggest complaint has be the direction they chose to go in designing the recruitable characters. Most are caricatures based on common stereotypes and much of the comedy is too. Some examples: the Car Salesman is a slick sleazebag, somewhere along the way the Cop will mention donuts and the Artist will talk about happy trees. It's predictable and, as I mentioned before, shallow. With such a large cast of playable characters it's not unexpected that many of them don't get a chance to build depth, but that doesn't excuse that I never felt attached to any of them besides the VP. This isn't to say that there aren't any good moments, there are, there just aren't enough of them.From a combat standpoint there is a lot of variation among the citizens, leaving you plenty of room to get creative with your party setup. Equipment is very limited but each has the potential to significantly change how you'll want to use that character and who to team them with. For example, an offensive character might be able to be equiped with something that doubles their attack but also halves their defense. You might accept this tradeoff if you pair them with a teammate that is able to protect them.Similar to Earthbound, battles aren't the highlight of the game. They can be enjoyable at times or tedious and repetitive at others. With the large cast you're bound to have many under leveled members as well as some potentially over leveled favorites. Difficulty is largely left up to you, either by directly altering it with the special talent of the Mascot character or by choosing lower level members for your party. That can make it tough to consistently find a good balance between challenging and cakewalk.Visually the game is pleasing to the eye. I'm particularly fond of the style of the citizens and enemies. The world has many areas to explore but loses some beauty points with its tendency toward vertical and horizontal lines. Also hurting the good looks was frequent screen tearing and no V-sync option available to remedy this. While on the topic of game performance issues, the game crashed on me numerous times throughout my time with it. The autosave feature made it so I rarely lost more than a few minutes of progress, but it's still distressing.The soundtrack is another area of great disappointment. It tries to emulate the quirky style of Earthbound. Unfortunately its tunes aren't able to breathe the same life into the places they accompany. None of the music is grating, it's just very forgettable.Despite some good aspects to this game and my appreciation for where the developers hearts were at in making this, I cannot recommend it. If you're dying to play a comedy heavy RPG that's not part of the Mother series then maybe give this a shot but keep your expectations low.5/10"
,Recommended,258910,14093275,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rei7,"This game is just great, if you love Earthbound, this game is pretty close to it.Pros:The game is a good value with 20+ hours of game timeInteresting storyGreat voice actingFun, classic RPG gameplaySilly and Zany humorTons of people to recruitVaried environmentsCons:Overuse of voices during battleTravelling through the world is a bit tediousSoundtrack can become repetitiveCitizens of Earth is a wide-open RPG with lots of exploration and options available. It is a classic turn-based style RPG with a huge cast of unique characters that keep things interesting and varied in and out of combat. The game encourages the use of all the characters due to the fact that many of their talents can be levelled-up, which opens many more possibilities.Citizens of Earth can be looked at as a love letter and an inspiration to roleplaying games of the past. It’s unique enough in its core premise and gameplay additions that I can’t see many long time RPG fans not highly enjoying this. If you’re looking for a title with both style and substance and a hint of nostalgia, Citizens of Earth is your next RPG purchase. The world may never get Earthbound 2/Mother 4, but Citizens of Earth is damn close to it.9/10"
,Recommended,258910,15724251,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"YES it's an Earthbound / Mother clone.YES it pays tribute and references Earthbound / Mother every chance it gets.NO it doesn't live up to our high expectations andNO it doesn't surpass the greatness that is Earthbound / Mother... like doesn't even come close.BUT if you're craving some Earthbound / Mother without repeating those same games for the 100th time, it's a nice change of pace.Citizens of Earth does pay huge tribute to the Earthbound / Mother series and for that I am greatful.Earthbound was a sleeper hit game on the SNES back in the early to mid 90's that capitalized on doing something different, making fun of Western culture and using the same sterotypes we saw in JRPG games at the time...Once the dawning of the internet occured and more information spread it obtained cult following status and at this point, legendary status as one of the best JRPG's of the Silver Age of gaming. This is exactly why Citizens of Earth tries so hard to emulate the feeling, it wants to be great. Does it reach it's lofty goal? Hell no... but it's still a fun game and a love letter to Earthbound fans across the globe.Should you buy it at 15 dollars? I'd say, if you're incredibly desperate for a retro style RPG and a huge retro style world to explore, then yes, definitely YES. I can already tell this game is going to need an entire weekend to fully enjoy properly. To those of you not in touch with your inner child, you've lived a sad and depraved childhood and for that I pity you... but there's always time to change. :)You can't really play this game in stints, you really need to sit down and make some time to be enthralled by it to fully enjoy it and that's exactly how Earthbound worked... You need to let yourself be absorbed by the world within, unfortunately Earthbound almost immediately draws you in where Citizens of Earth takes some time.The plot is rather weak to begin with and it seems like the fun comes from recruiting characters from the 40 character roster... There's plenty to explore and a lot of questing to do so the content to price ratio is fair.Where does the game fall short? The music is rather quirky, but not in the good kind of way like Earthbound was... It tries too hard to be weird and ends up kind of falling flat... Although some areas definitely have some pretty cool tunes, none of it is Earthbound worthy though.The character recruitment can get a bit overwhelming, there's a lot of characters to try and you really don't know who's going to be good in the long run.  I find comitting to a specific set of characters is fairly tough, especially when you have so many to choose from. The level up bonus' you receive from having specific characters in your group at the time of leveling up also really hurts the grind a bit. It's an OCD nightmare for hardcore gamers who love to min / max their characters... basically if you don't set up characters to synergize properly, it's wasted potential... over the course of 100 level ups, it could mean the difference of being able to conquer the 4X difficulty setting for the masocists.This kind of makes the game suffer a bit in the lasting appeal department, you really can't get attached to any one character other than your brother, who seems to be one of the best all around characters to have. You'll be constantly switching out the other two characters to work around your brother's strengths.I can tell a lot of work went in to the character creation so I can't knock it too hard but it seems like it could of been toned down a bit. I would of rather had 4 to 6 solid characters to choose from and left it at that but then it would of threw the entire theme of the game out the window so it's a bit hit and miss in my opinion.Either way, it's a meaty game, probably around the same size / length as Earthbound, except this game seems to be a lot less linear from the start. It's best to just follow the main quest line until you can get some quick travel going because walking around in this game is just abysmally boring which was another gripe of mine... There's plenty of places to visit but if you hit a dead end, expect to want to just quit and take a break because the hike back in the other direction is enough to just turn you off completely.All in all, recommended to those craving a taste of the good old days of gaming. Cheers."
76561198123155861,Not Recommended,258910,18698464,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,gaylordsmythe.higglebottom,"If there was a more neutral vote then yes/no I would have gone with that, but there are enough little things I can't ultimately recommend this game.Pros: The humor is my humorFirst half of the game has good pacingWide array of likable charactersThe general look of the gameLiked the layout of the menuNo random battles, can avoid on screen enemiesCons: Too much grindingSome of the character unlocks and mini-games are pure luck.The map could be betterPacing suffers in second halfIt's a game that starts strong but loses momentum as it goes on."
,Recommended,258910,34739189,Posted: 4 September,all,Dravvad,"Do you love Earthbound? Well, let me tell you in advance: Citizens of Earth isn’t Earthbound, even though it tries to be.Despite that, I had a ton of fun and still think it’s worth playing, though there are some design flaws that weigh its positives down. The game has some really great graphics, enjoyable music and dialog, and lots of fun in style. I will run through a quick overview and then into some negatives of the game.The game is an old-fashioned 2D RPG where you play as the Vice President of the whole world. He was just recently put into office with the main President, but then some absurd events begin happening very quickly. The story unveils itself slowly, in a haphazard manner, but you eventually learn just about everything that has happened, and it is funny along the way.As said above, the game is an RPG. You have party members, level them up, gain new combat abilities, as per usual. You run around the world fighting enemies, solving quests, collecting items, again as per usual.The combat is turn-based, though the order of attacks shift throughout the game and throughout a single battle. You have 3 party members at a time, and whenever you begin a battle, it shows a Turn Order for the 3 of them. However, the game never tells you when the enemies will be going. Further, using certain actions for your characters can cause them to attack earlier or later. Lastly, the order might sometimes shift a little depending on what happened in a previous round of battle. So the order of attacks is not always stagnant.Funnily enough, even though you play as the Vice President, he essentially never fights. Instead, you run around as the VP, and you recruit other citizens to go around with you and help with the tasks. The first two people are your Mom and Brother. There are 40 party members total, and each of them usually requires a side quest to be completed for them. When you recruit new members, they are usually leveled up somewhat, so they do not always start out at Level 1, especially if you are further into the game.Each party member specializes in different types of attacks. There are generic physical attacks, attacks that are elemental but still physical, and then purely elemental (e.g., Fire, Electric, “Verbal,” etc.). There are also status ailments like Sleep, Poison, and so on. Note that you can swap party members at any time, and do not have to go to a save point to do so.Besides combat, each party member also has an ability outside of battle. Some of them are very useful and some of them are just for bonus information (e.g., one of them gives you concept art). Your Brother, for instance, can order certain items for delivery while you are exploring, though you have a time limit to wait for their arrival. This means you do not always have to find shops for what he delivers, which can be useful.But some of these character abilities also show a big flaw in the game design, as I will go into for a few paragraphs.Characters like the Pilot or Captain allow for some fast travel in the game via air or water. However, the Pilot is almost useless, as you cannot freely explore with her. Instead, she has predefined locations, and about half of them take you to areas that are blocked in and only hold a few pieces of treasure, so they’re only useful to visit once. The Captain, on the other hand, allows you to freely travel water, but he is only available way late into the game, and there’s still a lot of areas that cannot be reached by him. There is also the Internet that you can go into for fast travel, but it requires going through mazes and enemies every single time you want to reach another place, which is not truly fast travel.Then you have characters like the Scientist, which can move time forward and backward. This sort of ability should have been available right away like in other RPGs where you can sleep for a certain amount of time. Instead, she is found way late into the game, and ironically enough, certain quests before her require certain times of the day or night, which gets annoying. Even worse, to recruit her, the weather has to be a thunderstorm. There is a Weather Lady you can recruit to control the weather… but to recruit her, she only pops up whenever the game generates a thunderstorm itself.One more example is the Beekeeper, which is almost at the tail end of the game. Her capability is to zoom the screen in or out so you can see more clearly. (I’m honestly not sure why anyone would ever zoom in.) Because the screen usually follows you pretty closely, it’s hard to find things sometimes. The game’s map can never be zoomed in or out, either, so it’s extremely difficult to see what is there. Having her ability should have almost been from the beginning; or in fact, the game should have simply had a better map.To continue from the above, the exploration of the game gets very difficult because you can never see an actual world map. You can only see a zoomed out map of your current area, and it never tells you where the other exits go to. It can get really confusing to explore eventually, since there are so many areas in the game. (See the Discussions board for a person who manually threw together a sloppy map of the world to help out players.)The last negative that I will bring up is that the game overpopulates the world with enemies. I found areas where I ended up getting into a battle every 5 seconds. It’s not even a random chance of battle, either, as the enemies are on the screen running around. In bad design, the enemies in certain areas will always chase you until you complete the main quest and boss of the area. Even if you are extremely overpowered and instantly kill the enemies, they still chase you and cause battles until you complete the quest. The game really should have had them run away once you reached a certain level.Despite the above flaws, I still played the game to 100% completion and enjoyed it quite a lot, even if some parts got me a little angry. I think the idea of the game was great and the style was awesome, but I wish the developers had designed it more efficiently."
76561198045807635,Recommended,258910,14106494,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Owlmanandy,"An RPG modelled after Earthbound in many ways, yet comepletely original in plenty of others.  The recruitment system is unique and fantastic, and the dialogue is hysterical.  The game looks and feels great.  Having played Earthbound, I'd say this game is pretty dang close to it.  Definitely would reccomend to anyone, even those who aren't RPG fans."
76561197976641472,Recommended,258910,19403325,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bonk!,"People say this is the Spiritual Successor to the old SNES cult classic EarthBound, and I can see why.The plot is humorous instead of serious, you enter combat and fight  in combat in very similar fashions, and the game captures the heart of old school RPGs with its gameplay.This game is also not very linear.  You can follow the storyline to a T and go through it that way, or you can run around and explore the world you are trying to save and make your round about way through  the story.I'm enjoying the crap out of this game, and if you enjoy old school RPGs I'm sure you'll love this game too."
,Recommended,258910,14090294,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Boondock,"If you loved Earthbound as a kid, you will love this. Gameplay is the same but with tons of added features to make it a Earthbound experience for the current era, such as tons of party recruits, sidequests, and exploration. Its hilarious, witty and charming to boot.Awesome for the price, especially!9/10"
76561198014704153,Recommended,258910,21223632,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"This is a turn based RPG sort of like pokemon, but with a variety of 40 different people to recruit and choose from to have in your team of 3. And every character has different abilities based on who they are, such as baker can bake a bun to heal hp, throw flour to reduce AGI, use a heat based attack and the mum can scold to lower enemy defense etc. and they each have a different talent such as the baker has a bakery shop talent so you can buy baked goods that heal, revive, raise stats and the pilot who can fly you around the world.I like this game a lot, like the variety of characters and the different abilities they have.I like the gameplay, art style, combat and crazy JRPG  enemies and bosses style. The humour is silly and can be childish.Dislike there is no world map which makes it hard to know where to go at times leaving you wandering in circles and there are also plenty of locations without any area map and vague quest descriptions making you unsure what to do next such as go south of your hometown and whisperwood is directly south of hometown, but nope nothing happens or progresses the quest there and you have to actually go south of whisperwood to get to the Executive Retreat so the quest description should of been go  fartherest south of your hometown past  Whisperwood.Some of the minigames to recruit citizens require you to be very fast and accurate with button pushing, the only game I could not complete was the soda guzzling one and had to get the photon to slow time to be able to complete it.And it's annoying trying to recruit the weather lady as she will only appear and join you during a thunder storm, same sort of problem with the scientist.Despite things I dislike, I had a lot of fun playing this game, I've played plenty of old school RPG's and pokemon and this game has a simular feel, I like it a lot rate it 7/10.It may not be everyone's cup of tea, but it sure is mine."
,Recommended,258910,33431809,Posted: 10 July,all,L-r | BC,"An enjoyable JRPG that is heavily inspired by Earthbound. In Citizens of Earth, you play as the Vice President of the World who has to stop an alien threat. To do this, you'll need to recruit citizens with different skills and take on enemies in turn-based combat.Pros:+ Each citizen has a unique playstyle and an overworld ability. With 40 citizens in the game, there is a lot of variety.+ There are a ton of side quests and even an unlockable new game+.+ Combat is fun, and with the Mascot citizen you can change the difficulty at any time.+ The game has a nice style and is very colorful.+ Game has a nice witty feel to it, ranging from the dialogue to wacky characters like the security guys behind the fake trees.Cons:- The music is very annoying as it mainly consists of boop and beep sounds.- Because there are so many citizens you can have, they don't have much character aside from when you first meet them. Basically once they're on your team they'll just fight enemies while occasionally saying a line or two.- Speaking of lines, the VP and his allies will say the same quotes over and over in battle which gets very repetitive.- The humor sometimes falls flat.- While the game acknowledges that it takes a lot of inspiration from Earthbound, the climax of the story is basically a copy-and-paste of Earthbound's climax which I thought was sort of a cop-out.- I've had the game crash on numerous occasions.Fortunately for this game, the good outweighs the bad. If you are a fan of Earthbound and JRPGs in general, you should be able to enjoy this quirky little game."
76561198013723081,Recommended,258910,21331207,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"As most  games localized by ATLUS, this game is weird. Basically, the best comparision would be to a Earthboundesque game. Although, if your expecting a Earthbound game, this is not a replacement for it. The basics of the game is pretty fun too..you recruit everyday people and their jobs or how they live determine their skills. At first, their skills might not be that forthcoming in usefulness, but once you level them a bit, their skills turn out to be an asset. Some people are very hard to recruit, as i have had personal issues trying to recruit the weather woman, and finding her when it was raining. The dungeons are quite fun too in this game. This game does not take itself seriously though, and tends to break the 4th wall between the player and the game characters. If you want fun that is zany with actualy realistic jobs people work at with skills possible for their jobs and rpg playing, then this is the game for you. Thanks for reading!"
76561198096097625,Recommended,258910,14322730,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Excuse My Honeybees,"Pretty fun JRPG-like game.   Never played Earthbound, so I cannot deploy the comparison everyone else is, but enjoyed my time with the game regardless.Combat seems simple at first, but the battle system becomes a little more complex as the game progresses and party members are added (never getting too complicated or difficult, though).Characters are rather bland, never moving beyond the initial stereotyping of their names, but that may be by design.  With 40 party members to recruit and use, though, the game encourages you to try new things and experiment with different party combinations, which helps keep things fresh.Found the story rather bland as well, nothing beyond your typical ""mysterious-evil-slowly-destroying-the-land"" with a couple curveballs thrown in.  The setting was a nice change of pace from the typical RPG locales, given a bit of a modern, American flair to JRPGs.  Dialogue, however, is sharp, with excellent voice acting on a 15 dollar indie rpg.  The little easter egg jokes you find by exploring the world are good for a chuckle or two, as well.Replay-wise, they do offer an option for a New Game + when finished, though I didn't feel compelled enough to run it a second time.  All of the achievements can be unlocked in one playthrough as well, defeating the completionist's need to run through it again.  However, you may find it enjoyable enough to revisit it at a later date.Performance-wise, runs relatively smoothly, with a couple hiccups coming in larger areas late in the game, mostly when opening the map/menu.  Apart from that, the game does feature some nasty bugs which will often crash your game for you, but the solid Autosave system should prevent any serious data loss when it hits you.  And it will hit you. (Note, Devs are inquiring about bugs/glitches on the discussion boards, so they seem like they intend on fixing their game up at least. Bonus points, as always).Overall I'd give it a 7/10.  For 14.99 you get a light-hearted JRPG romp with about 30 hours of gameplay.  Definitely worth a glance if you're already a fan of the genre, but not exciting/different enough to win over anyone that doesn't like JRPG's to begin with."
,Recommended,258910,14505111,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,PokemonGod,"After having completed the main story line of the game, I find this game completely incredible in practically every way possible.Some may say it's bad as it tries to be a spiritual successor to Earthbound and not pulling its weight as people expect it to, I saw the game as a successor to Earthbound, but played it as if it was its own game, and enjoyed it immensley, From the music, to the art style, to the little tiny details in aesthetics, this game has near perfection, even if the glitches were a detriment, the amazing team of Eden Industries occasionally live stream bug fixes, taking in suggestions and notes.Onto the story side of things, the story flows perfectly, while there is minor sequence breaking by using the ability of certain citizens to get to areas you shouldn't be in yet, it's often blocked off until you should go to that area, and even then, you skip like one battle, which you can do anyway if you want to. The final boss though, is absolutely incredible, there is next to no buildup or clues to the villain, who it is, is incredibly obvious, and satisfying to defeat, and the actual final boss beyond that, cements the game's status as a Spirtual Successor to Earthbound. It shouldn't be treated as such while playing through, as to prevent Nostalgia Blindness, but should be recognised as such after completing the game to ensure how amazing the game isIt's only Feburary as of this review being written, and I already consider this game as my GOTY 2015"
76561198073404058,Recommended,258910,15937808,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ossotab,"Good turn based RPG. I really like the voice acting, quirky characters, colorful visuals and animations."
,Recommended,258910,14119289,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Wiikly Reviews,"Citizens of Earth is a game that pays tribute to a game from the Super Nintendo known as Mother 2 in america known as Earthbound.The game revolves around you being Vice President of the world and after just winning the election and living in your mom's house still sleeping in your brand new suit you awaken to seeing your brother who gifts you a UTab this is used to keep up to date with your characters settings and everything.As you play the game you'll come across different enemies such as Telefawns, BubbleBees, HoneyBears, your rival running mate and even running into Hecklers and Protesters to name a few.The battle system runs in a almost exact style of the Mother series (More less of Mother 3 style but still revolving around a Turn Based RPG.)Atlus I believe has taken a great concept to a VERY underated style of gaming and recreated the style of the Earthbound way of gameplay all of us have come to love.  From the comedy cutscenes to the charming smile of you the V.P You and your crew of Citizens of Earth will help stop all the wrong that is going on and finally get to enjoy your cup of Coffee and your position as Vice President of the World."
76561198091244831,Recommended,258910,22144460,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,rofrix,I do enjoy this game. But it definitely feels more like a handheld game. Plays better on a handheld too.
76561198038552111,Recommended,258910,21347913,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Phruler,One of the best games I ever played
76561198030773161,Not Recommended,258910,23214114,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Hound,"Gotta say I was excited to hear about this game, and I'm a sucker for the ""Inspired by Earthbound"" line, but since beating the game I've come up with an analogy that I feel sums this game up:A Candy Bar that's wrapped in pubes.At it's core is a great game, but there are so many terrible things about it that make it impossible to choke down. I had to force myself to finish this game, and I'm not proud of it.It's buggy, which is forgivable, but it's also poorly designed, which is not.You are forced to fight approximately 1,000,000 enemies at certain times in the game: the map is swarming with 20 groups of enemies, and you have to fight EVERY SINGLE ONE (Think Romancing Saga for the SNES.) You can't get around them, and the battles are tedious as they get. I wouldn't be suprised if 50% of my playtime was devoted to combat, and I'm not exaggerating.Long story short, you will want to like this game, but will end up hating it."
76561198079830750,Recommended,258910,23027686,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,jib,"I love this game, I really do. However, looking at it from a critical standpoint, I have to categorize it as a mixed bag.The game really rolls with the concept of you coming off of earthbound or something similar, and it does a fairly decent job at being at it's attempt at being a successor, albeit focusing more on the comedy side than the emotion/nightmare fuel side. There's even a few blatant references and not so blatant references here and there, and the battle system doesn't do a bad job at capturing that feel.Outside of that, the game's humor is often spot on, and it's pretty fun to walk around recruiting new characters and doing side quests. The characters themselves are really colorful, and have no problem standing out despite the sheer amount of them. The story line really doesn't take itself very seriously, but does enough that you can at least get relatively invested in it.On the other hand, the enemy spawn rates can be highly obnoxious, and I often feel ready to tear my hair out after having to trudge through hundreds of repetitive enemies just for one simple goal. There's so much stuff to do half the time I don't even realize what I should be doing, and end up killing a bunch of things for no reason. Though this has gotten better with updates, the game still has a few bugs, the most common one I got being stuck and having to restart.The bosses are also often anticlimactic, since the hordes of enemies usually pose more of a threat.Overall, it's a game you can get a lot of fun out of-and a game you need quite a lot of patience for."
76561198205074691,Recommended,258910,27709822,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wally,"I bought this game simply because it looked silly and the videos/previews were pretty funny but I was surprised by how much fun it actually was and with tons of puns, lame jokes, citizens to recruit, achievements and side quests this game will keep you busy."
76561198163526519,Recommended,258910,20664788,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,peaco116,"I really like this game. My only real complaint is that they made it to easy to sequence break. In the begining of the game the police had barricades set up to stop you from sequence breaking. I assumed this or similar would be in the whole game, so I freely wandered around exploring and ended up unlocking plot points out of order.It was a very fun game, but I don't recommend exploring areas until the game directs you to go there. That way you don't accidently jump ahead."
,Recommended,258910,20073644,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheDContinuum,"Don't let the cartoony aesthetic deceive you. This is a quality game. In the JRPG style (menu-based combat), you play as the Vice President of Earth, your typical blowhard politician. But you don't fight as him but as three of 30 or so characters that you collect through a variety of side quests. Each of the characters has different strengths and weaknesses, like elemental resistance, healing, powerful attacks or weaker attacks that hit multiple enemies. Also, each character has a ""talent"", which ranges from super handy (like transporting from one location to another, offering powerups, zooming out in the map and speeding/slowing down time) to the useless (changing the music, the weather, etc.) All of the different characters allow you to play to your own playstyle. Want to wallop your enemies? Do it! Want to play it safe with an on-hand healer? You can! There are characters who help you level faster, who restore your energy, and many who do wacky things that have big payouts later at severe detriments now.The story is silly and full of references to typical JRPG mechanics, Dungeons & Dragons, video games in general, pop culture. The baddies are equally silly, with mutant animals like a Catctus (a cat-shaped cactus) and the Decaffinator (a robot espresso machine). It never takes itself too seriously.Don't be deceived by the cutesy style. This is a well--crafted game. I spent nearly 40 hours trying to unlock all the characters, do all the sidequests, and unlock all the achievements.  IT's a super slick design, great interface. The map is huge with tons of secret areas and collectibles.Cons (very few and minor): There are certain tasks that can only be completed with certain characters (mainly unlocking other characters). And some of the character unlocking tasks are vague in what you need to do and require either great thought or an online cheat and are not obvious at all. (Es: For the scientist character, you have to just hang around until there's a thunderstorm, which you have no control over). Also, the world is SPRAWLING and there is no actual map that you can access, even to get a vague idea of where you are or where you need to go. There is a character that allows you to zoom out, but it doesn't go nearly as far out as the entire world. Some of the areas are not entirely obvious that you can enter (their ramps to higher/lower areas are often seemingly invisible). Thus, I spent a LONG time in certain areas going in circles, trying to access an area with a non-obvious entrance. You can go down into some of the oceans, too, which took me a LONG time to figure out. However, most of the game is clearly telegraphed with graphics or dialogue as to what you should be doing or going, though not always.Overall: Great game, especially if you like silliness and menu-based combat. Don't be fooled by its cutesy look. This is a quality game."
,Recommended,258910,20192783,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Slaytronic,Very fun quirky game if you liked earth bound you will love this game
,Recommended,258910,15172350,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Zeemond,"While the game may have appealed to people with its 'earthbound' feel, it has a more sily/strange style than 'uncanny/weird'. The game does not try to make itself relatable and just goes full blown 'out there' from the start, although im aware earthbound was silly too, this game main character try harder to work with whats around, rather than be driven by the story. The only relatable thing in the game is the ""world"" leaders being incompetent and other nonsense you'll come across lol. The game feature a lot of content, often clearing a sidequest will cause you to come across another and oftentimes the reward wont be disapointing, depending on which characters you are using.Speaking of characters, there is a lot, the game replace developing 2-3 characters who wont usualy get much development at all.. by gathering a LOT of them, and everyone of them has a special skills that can be used out of combat usualy, a bit like pokemon. Some will let you access new areas while another one can downright change the game difficulty on the spot. Most characters are different enough so that using them and trying them all out is rewarding, but some seem clearly better suited for a long chipping fight vs bursting down easy targets. You can actually re-start any battle with different citizens midfight if you are having trouble. Each citizens bring its own stats boost upon level up as well so building a team becomes an interesting challenge after a while, a bit like leveling different class for stats in tactic ogre on ps1.The game is not too short and since you can turn the difficulty and the presense of a new game plus.. there is a lot of replayability down there for the big fans. Combats plays out like a standard turn by turn, but still has a few mechanic twists like the buff/debuff systems and the energy system.Enjoy!-Lost"
76561198173128087,Not Recommended,258910,29863251,Posted: 11 February,all,thekingskorner,The game is very glitchy and crashes sometimes for no reason at all
76561197996197458,Recommended,258910,14150174,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cosmos Jester,"Earthbound meet Suikoden with a double fine humor vibe, very crash prone at the moment"
,Recommended,258910,14110174,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,*Kumi,"I'm going to ignore the fact that this game is Earthbound-like and published by ATLUS, because those things have nothing to do with this game (even if I bought this game based solely on those reasons).In Citizens of Earth you recruit/collect citizens and use them to battle evil/weird/stupid/creepy/funny/awkward things in the world. You swap these citizens in and out of your party based on the sitatuation before you, such as in Pokémon.And well, that's it. The voice acting is pretty great, the music is bland at times, the writing smart and funny usually, the art is.. not my style, and mechanically the game feels very Flash-y and low budget.For the price, I'm going to go ahead and recommend this. However there are more polished and engaging RPGs out there for this price such as Child of Light, Transistor, and Costume Quest 2. I would go check those out first. And if you were looking for Earthbound, then do not buy this game. Go download the Mother 4 fan game when it comes out instead."
,Recommended,258910,14146297,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,gunsage,"So here are my thoughts on Citizens of Earth so far. Destructoid was right, but I don't agree with their final score. You level up fairly quickly and with the exception of certain optional boss fights, the game never really feels like it throws you any major challenges unless you increase the difficulty.  However, I chalk this up to wanting to target a more casual audience, so that's not necessarily a bad thingIt also means you can fly through the game quickly if you want to or increase the difficulty for a tougher, more oldschool challenge. There really doesn't seem to be much of a penalty for death either.  They don't allow people outside the party to level up unless you enroll them in school, which costs money. Still an interesting option as I don't really use the money for much of anything else so far (you get a fairly steady amount of items through battle alone).However, this goes back to does a game have to be hard in order to be fun? No. No it doesn't. CoE is funny, cheesy, and silly all in one. There are a lot of groanable one liners, but ultimately it hits the mark in terms of weird and comedic values.  At the end of the day, if you liked Earthbound, you will like this title. Just don't expect it to actually BE Earthbound."
,Recommended,258910,14096410,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MostStrange,"Chock full of EarthBound references, I'm only a few hours in, and it's solid gold. The gameplay is very similar to EarthBound and Mother 3, with enemies running away from you once you reach higher levels, and running towards you while you're weak. Even the warping colours behind the battle screens are EarthBound-y. It's not just subtle, either. Characters and places from EarthBound are referenced throughout. The key difference here is that your options for party members are MASSIVE. It's your job as VP of the world to hunt down citizens and get them on board!So far, so wonderful."
,Recommended,258910,14094277,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Blank,I can't express how much I enjoy playing games that take the old school turn-based SNES era RPGs so I'll just made a short checklist of what I liked about Citizens of Earth.Turn-based battles: check!Charming world: check!Silly story: check!Aesthetically pleasing: check!Large selectiion of party members: check!Quirky & charming soundtrack: check!Optional grinding: check! (party member's special ability controls how little or how much grinding you want based on your experience level with RPGs)
76561198035095807,Recommended,258910,14090810,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,FFFan436,"The game promises a mixture of Pokemon and Earthbound, and definitely delivers. The game's tone is fun, the humor generally works, and the gameplay seems pretty fair. Though it is a bit glitchy, and I confess i'm only an hour and a half into it, I definitely recommend this to anyone interested in a good, fun RPG."
,Recommended,258910,14510720,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,PBRGamer,"Pmet Mascot, Turned Difficulty up to 4x. Game because an amazing tactical battle adventure.Post Battle adventures...Drove my car, Intentionally tried to get it stuck in Moonbucks. Succeded.Hopped on the Ogo Pogo. Figured out how to get him into Moonbucks. Succeded.10/10 Loved it"
,Recommended,258910,14171157,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Shadetale,"If Earthbound is what Japan thought America was like in the 90s, then Citizens of Earth is what Canadians think America is like (in a satrical manner) in 2015. Tons of fun and lots of different party members. Naturally, as pointed out by other reviewers, the game did have some issues crashing at launch. Most of the crashes have been patched out, but a few still remain (I've only had one crash occur in my 10+ hours of gameplay).Highly recommended for fans of Earthbound or those who enjoy seeing lots of different kinds of characters."
76561198151341560,Recommended,258910,20991441,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SornaKurusoo,"Let me start by telling you a joke:3 game developers enter in a bar, a pokemon gen1er, a fuzzypickles and a pretty bland mobile Android designer, they sit in front of the bar-tender and ask for a beer, then they start at the same time:-Maaaaan, I wish I could make a game that let me put my nostalgia in one big love letter to that nostalgia.-They quickly see each other to the eyes after hearing that last sentence and all together run to the nearest net-cafe to start working on something.I'm sorry that sounded better on my head the point is:This is a good, loved game, its developers put a lot of effort and care in to making it, as always, is not for everyone, personally is not my cup of tea, but it is well made.Now, the fastest way to describe this game is:A gen 1 Pokémon with an earthboundish coat of pain and a modernized artstyle.If you buy this game in a nostalgia attack for any of the two titles I just mentioned you will be disappointed, and be honest, it looks ok, but you didn't come here for the artstyle.It's a nostalgic love letter for that titles but its just ok almost all the time and the rest is just meh, support the developer, but don't buy it with a lot of  hype."
76561198161004287,Recommended,258910,14750479,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Dank Vibes,A quirky RPG inspired by the Mother series. 8.5/10
,Recommended,258910,14095603,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Camzillasmom,The Vice President of the world...Still living with his mom....Can´t sort out his dirty laundry and still plays Pokemon - sort of!Gotta catch em all! All of his friends and good people and fight the Opposition Pikachu style. Topped off with a great humour and story. I definitely will keep playing a while to find out what to do with the dirty socks that are still in his inventory... ughhhh...
,Not Recommended,258910,34989329,Posted: 15 September,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Citizens of Earth is a jrpg style game in a humorous setting.Pros:+ Humor+ Some jokes are great+ Gameplay: it has classic jrpg style turnbased battles. Not too grindy. Game mechanics are cool.+ Setting+ Art styleCons:- It still has way too many game breaking bugs.- Some jokes fall flat.3/10 It was really, really fun until you hit the spot where doing some actions or going some areas result in a crash to desktop. Its a pity, because theres a good game in there somewhere. I couldnt finish the game because i was too lazy to try and find a workaround for the bugs. Bugs simply killed the charm of the game for me. Without bugs, it could have been at least a game with 7 rating."
,Recommended,258910,17579841,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Morb - Achievementmode,Morbius for presidentZe game is awesome
,Not Recommended,258910,18157072,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,GC Positive,"A turn-based RPG that I was personally looking forward to, Citizens of Earth is a disappointing title from Eden Industries that possesses a faint breath of excitement for the first couple of hours and quickly dissolves into a frustrating, annoying, and tedious experience.https://youtu.be/VZx9EuRvJOI"
,Recommended,258910,14115239,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lithorak,"An RPG for the Ages.Citizens of Earth hits on a very unique setting and trope that is not common among many games. It is easily equated to Earthbound and rightly so. Similar wacky character/enemy designs, psychadelic battle backgrounds, satyrical comedy against capitalistic culture.All of this makes for a great experience with the game. The gameplay system does vary from the similarities with Earthbound though but not in a bad way. The gain/drain energy setup and large character cast provides every player the option to construct the party the way they enjoy playing. Some of the talents also allow direct manipulation of leveling and experience gain which lets you further customize characters to have different strengths as well as being deceivingly tough for their level.There are a few texture and graphical bugs currently but nothing game halting.At the end of the day, it is a must buy if you are fan of turn-based RPG's in general."
,Recommended,258910,14122481,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,CoasterCraft Gold,"Pretty chill RPG, good value for its price.Currently prone to random crashes and sometimes objects will refuse to load. Hope they patch that out."
76561198176878217,Not Recommended,258910,24750252,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,gripshos,"This game is a lot of fun and enjoyable, but it simply doesn't play well. It gets very glitchy and occasionally shuts down all together. This was really disappointing because I really enjoy the game, but if I can't enjoy it the way it was meant to be played, I really feel like the money I spent was not worth it.If you're going to release a game, please make it work, I think that's a reasonable request."
,Recommended,258910,14122933,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,milath,"If you like old style JRPGs (stuff like Earthbound, Chrono Trigger, etc), it's a very nice indie throwback to that style of game. There's 40 characters to recruit and they all have their own special abilities based on their profession/role in life, for example the 'Mom' character has a 'Nag' ability which does a debuff and a 'Hug' ability which restores health. Voice acting is a little silly, but the overall sense of humor in the game is pretty quirky, so it fits. Highly recommended if this style of game appeals to you!"
,Recommended,258910,15091439,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cuphead,"This Earthbound/Mother inspired game is a great homeage to a series which ""created"" the rpg genre with Final Fantasy and such. Being able to buy this is truly an honor and a great beginning for Atlus on publishing games on steam to make a name for themself on pc plattform.Sound is good, gameplay is fluid with a little innovating system with the turn based/ ""energy"" system and alot of humor. The references keeps piling up. I wont drag this on but I will say one thing. I recommend to buy this game. Still not convinced?Let me ask our Lord Gaben if he can put it on sale!"
,Recommended,258910,14269349,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Alan Gregory,"This game is playable.  The music is disappointing.  Battles are fun and have a lot going on, but because you are forced to wait several seconds for the VP to comment on every action you take, they quickly grow into a thing you despise. 40 characters is too many especially when many of them have little to no value.  The game crashes every few hours for no reason at all.  There are a great deal of graphical glitches.  Sometimes your character skips about on the screen.  Occasionally sprites or walls will be replaced by black shapes.  The dialogue is rather entertaining.  I would have played it through to the end if I hadn't lost four hours of gameplay due to a crash.  The game does autosave constantly, but I had forgotten about the crash when I pulled it back up the next day and I loaded my manual save.  The autosave was overwritten and I was rather upset when I realized what I had done.  Normally with games like this, I would suck it up and play through the stuff I had lost, but this game did not warrant it.  Maybe I will pick it up again when some kinks are worked out."
,Recommended,258910,14387530,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Storman  Draco Norman,"I have played this game to its full extent in terms of getting all achievements.Differences between this verion and playstation version.Playstation version 10 trophiesPC has 50 achievables.Pros:This game as intended is very reminisent of Earthbound.  With lovable characters that all have their own play style you are able to get some great combos going. Each main character has great voice acting.This game is very customisable as through the aquisition of characters you gain the ability to alter difficulty game speed and other nice features. The difficulty is not somehting to be laughed at, you can really amp it up we are talking from light difficulty ludicrous difficulty. You can even skip through dialoge.The art style is cute and the creatures you face have puns in their names.Cons:Being an early access game there are a few crashes, but its auto save backup can be used to recover its self with no problem.some small graphical issues can be seen in the tiling, nothing to bad though.Personal oppinion.I like this game, it was fun and delightfull and the acheivements while not that hard to get can take a little time but not too much, with one being get every character to over lvl 30 i upped the game speed up to 1.5 to insta kill sharks and used my gamble winning to pay the teacher to level up my other characters.I give it a solid 8/10I had a great time and had a few laughs. The crashes were a bit annoying sometimes 1 happened after the first boss battle and I had to re do it which was not hard but cutscene. Which is not to bad as you can skip over text with its fast forward function.Finished it in 40 hours and at its price of 15 bucks it was basicly paying 2:60 an hour for entertainment which is fine in my books."
76561198007342087,Recommended,258910,14123314,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,darynluna,"There's a lot of good ideas in Citizens of Earth and because of my nostalgia I'm likely to try keeping at it until I finish it, but the incredible lack of polish and gamebreaking bugs (as well as simply gamebreaking) can cause some serious issues. The game has crashed out on me countless times already.Most recently was when I was trying to exploit the VR arena to power level a bit. There are some monsters in the game that don't actually attack and will summon an add every round and...that's it. So I summoned a full part of just those monsters and spammed aoe. In one battle I was able to get around 400 xp (at 2x xp) with minimal effort. That wasn't the problem exactly though--exploits like these are in genre and perfectly nostalgic.The problem was when the game summoned a monster a bit farther to the left than the game typically allows after I had killed a few of the adds. When I put in through my attacks, the game closed itself out.This was hardly the first time either. The game seemingly closed itself on multiple times with no readily apparent reason. There was a recent patch but this latest crash happened after it. The other crashes--I don't know if they've been fixed. Or what's been fixed. The update doesn't really say what it did.Combat isn't easy or anything but it is kind of...dull. Your good abilities require energy and it is balanced, of course, but the damage you do with your generators is often laughable and with a game as many encounters as there are here--whether just to level up or simply because you can't avoid them--it can be a bit rough. The real problem is that you can't speed through some combat messages. The 'item get' screen after beating an enemy is particularly egregious, not letting you click past it for several seconds which feel a lot longer.The humor at the expense of politicians gets some chuckles but is it really Earthbound humor? The big thing about Earthbound was that it was actually kind of dark at times and more importantly had a lot of heart, heart you could see right at the start. While I haven't reached the end of the game by this time in the review, I don't really feel like it has the kind of heart that made Earthbound so wonderful and that's a big problem when you're claiming it as an inspiration even if it's not meant to be a ripoff.That being said, a game willing to try some neat mechanics or unusual story--which, okay, I don't know of many rpgs that have me as the vice president--are worth checking out on its own merits  and I certainly feel like an rpg fan could do a lot worse--particularly if they fix the crashes and bugs.(kinda ironic that a bug spawning seems to have been cause for my recnet crash).Oh, and uh--when I load up the game, the options scream on pc before getting in is just kinda ugly you know?"
76561197999469718,Recommended,258910,14157488,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MoonDeth,Dude this game is so fun and funny. Love the dialogs! 10/10
76561198026913459,Recommended,258910,17773017,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,troublmaker,"At first it looks a lot and feels a lot like Earthbound.  But get that out of your head, it's a completely different game.  In this game you recruit various professionals, blue collar workers, and public servants to fight evil.  You can control 3 people at a time and can recruit about 40 different people.  About half of the game is just completing missions to recruit people.  The main story line is actually quite short, but given how many side quests are in this game, you won't care."
,Recommended,258910,17283237,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The Mojo Flow,"Pulling from Earthbound, you play as the new V.P. and you need to gather Citizens to help your fight to save Earth (because obviously you are not going to fight yourself). Lots of fun, good humour, and a good bit of replayability."
,Recommended,258910,15544437,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Thalack,"Nothing I can really say that has not been said already. I will say that if you were a fan of the Mother Series (Earthbound), this game is for you!The variety of characters you get to choose from is amazing and all have unique abilities. Worth the $$$"
76561198103651772,Recommended,258910,17176076,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Vigi React,"A Shiny Gem Among a Pile of Matte BaublesTo preface my positive comments, I'll mention some minor issues. After playing the ""tweak RadeonPro/try different resolutions"" game, I finally brought the game up to a playable level. Initially I had issues with crashes, lag and menus not showing. However, I was never able to get rid of the lines that you can see in the character models, battle backgrounds and occasionally on the world screen walking around. The reason I put up with it is because this game is awesome and it kind of reminds me of the grid lines in the battles in Phantasy Star II.I love Citizens of Earth and can highly recommend it for $14.99 (even though I got it on summer sale at $7.99.) The Mother/Earthbound comparisons are going to be inevitable in every review. It has the same kind of dream logic meets modern-day satire RPG feel that all the Mother games had. There is a reference on a police computer (APB for a spiteful boy with a cracked bat, I believe) and is referential in general gameplay. It may have even more of an open world than Earthbound. After the initial chapters, you can pretty much go where you want in any direction. It also has multiple traveling methods from helicopter to even sleep-walking.This sandbox of fun is what makes it stand above all other ""indie RPG"" or RPG-maker games. There's a level of detail to the gameplay that is unmatched by its peers. The game has a lot of ground to cover, and many things to do on the way. Every one of the 40 recruitable characters has a Talent. This could be ordering stuff from Fed-Ups and having it delivered to you after a certain amount of time. Different items take longer or shorter time to deliver. Or maybe you want to do some inventive farming and craft items. You can move blockage from your path with the Bodybuilder (feel free to call him Manwich like I did.)  The Programmer can enter the internet matrix to fight viruses, and while you're at a computer, you can arrange and fight VR battles to grind levels for your party. You can also travel between computers with the matrix.And you will be grinding. You can use the school function to have your characters gain levels while outside the battle party, but what fun is that? Also, they don't get the additional stat boosts characters can get depending on who they fight with in the battle party! I didn't mind grinding at all, I always had fun getting a new low-level character and grinding him up with some powerful guys doing most of the heavy lifting. The individuality in the recruits is amazing, every one has a widely varied set of moves and play styles. Some characters go together like peanut butter and jelly, like the Barista with her high levels of energy, and the Musician who can steal it from her and use the energy for multiple-turn blasts of either healing or enemy party damage. I imagine the minds at Eden Industries pored over the battles system and character sheets for a long time, making sure each ability mattered and each character felt unique.The humor is satirical, and aimed at the politically correct sometimes, at the vapid candidates that run for office other times. Kicking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of protesters is fun. A scarecrow comprised of several crows is delightful. I felt no remorse murdering child campers in the woods of Camp Koo Koo. They were full of sugar and coming right at me! I had to fight back! It turns out a corporate robot candy executive was responsible for that anyway, so my hands are clean.If you are like me and find modern RPGs way too easy, this has an option to change the difficulty via the School Mascot's Talent. I wish the game would save these changes but it resets when you load a save file. I suggest cranking it to 1.40 for most of the game, and then up to 2.00 occasionally for the 2x Talent XP. Be warned though, it can be tough at 2.00, but it doesn't matter anyway because as far as I can tell there's no penalty for dying. If you are back in a starting area you can put it beyond 2.00 to make the enemies a decent challenge. Why anyone would LOWER the game's difficulty is beyond my comprehension, but you can if you want to.This not an Earthbound clone. It is an Earthbound Expander of Greatness: Deluxe Mother Meets Suikoden (♥♥♥♥ POKEMON) Edition!Buy it now or burn in hell for all eternity!8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,258910,14155739,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tietsu,"What a cute, pleasent little title. For fifteen bucks you can travel down memory lane with an old-style RPG that is filled with simple humor. It's not going to change the world, but it's a fine distraction. If you find yourself even a little bit curious like I was (I had never played Earthbound), just grab it."
,Recommended,258910,14319595,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Skinischewy,The Earthbound filler i needed!  Im just greatful someone finally did this as i feel Nintendo never will :(
,Recommended,258910,14217959,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,iRichigo,"This Game i find really appealin~its REALLY enjoyable in every aspect~im having some Issues While playing it, like sometimes, when i enter somewhere and go back to the Streets ~my game Crashes, i dont know if it smy Computer or the game~anyways, i just happens sometimes, i hope it gets fixed~im still playing the game and even if i just have like an hour playing it, i feel that i have still a lot to go~really like to see this kind of Games around sometimes~Cheers"
,Recommended,258910,14773063,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,FuriousLemon,This is one of my favorite games right now. There's something so satisying to collecting a huge party of characters to use.
,Recommended,258910,15648600,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,WangChungFoster,"This is a game with classic JRPG charm, a ton of influences from games like Earthbound(which is always welcome), and a light hearted comedic tone that reflects on(and sort of embraces while picking fun at) culture in general.I love the fact that the politicians are completely useless, but the citizens are all awesome and unqiue( just like in real ife ;)  ).The great thing about this too is that you can play it in spurts or in a marathon depending on your mood. It doesn't force you into a corner with that.Favorite Music Track: Boss Battle"
,Recommended,258910,14132938,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DumbWhiteGuy,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game is really great and you should buy it. I hope these guys make a lot of money on this one so they can keep making games because it's clear they really understand what they are doing."
76561198082345505,Recommended,258910,14145611,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cairn.L,"A very good RPG game with many interesting game mechanics.RPG fans won't be disappointed.The most exciting part of the game that I really enjoy was tried to find and recruit all the citizens. Each of them has their own unique ability and talent, such as if you're hiring an Architect, she can build bridges to allow you to gain access to new areas, or you can adjust the time day/night with the Scientist, and there are 40 citizens in the game. 40 citizens!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqSbxI5EAZo"
,Recommended,258910,14187544,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ariamaki,"40-odd collectible characters, a top-notch collection of ridiculous voices (both in the audible and written senses), a very friendly game to both those who hate the grind and those who love it... It's not flawless (missing remappable controls, faster movement, some more instructional clarity, better tutorials and info from Mom, etc), but it's top-shelf. I recommend without any question to absolutely anyone, period."
76561198043359230,Recommended,258910,15147462,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Seren,"Very fun game. If it looks appealing to you then you should get it.Pros:Collect lots of cool, funny citizens with different damage types. Figure out which citizens combo well together and you will have a blast leveling up your favorites.Funny enemies and a very cute story.  Fantastic artwork. Everything in the game is so alive and it was always enjoyable to see the next enemy or citizen.Lots of secondary quests/ treasure to keep you busy and encourage exploration.Enemies run away in fear from you once you complete the zone objective.Cons:Some areas have an unnecessary amount of enemies. In a game that you can change the difficulty at will it seemed annoying that some zones take you an hour to get from side to side due to the sheer density of enemies.Glitchy, still sometimes crashes out but it's much more stable than it used to be.Battle music gets repetitive, you can change the overworld music at will though.Quest log lacks a lot of information. Sometimes it just gives a vague few words and if you wern't paying attention earlier you will not be able to remember what you are doing.A huge amount of quests at all times. It felt overwhelming at the start. I think when I played I had maybe 40 quests going on at once. It's good to have content but maybe have some of it locked until later chapters next time.No access to an overall map. There were so many times I was playing this game and I had no idea which direction a zone was in. At best you can see a map for the area you are in. You also can not access the map while in a vehicle, minor complaint.Extra thoughts:I hope they make a sequel and expand upon the concepts of this game. Actual multiple citizen combos would be amazing. They could also re-design/remove some of the useless citizens or design encounters around their skill sets.Overall though I had a lot of fun playing it and hope to see more from them in the future."
,Recommended,258910,14124053,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,W-less,Basically a Pokemon game with EarthBound theme
76561198128472773,Recommended,258910,19435998,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,valahbr,"I wasn't expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did, I've read many mixed reviews about it so I played with low expectations and actually ended up loving it.It's quirky from the beggining to the end, the artstyle is very appealing, the characters are lovable and it gets surprisingly addictive trying to recruit them all. Exploring around is very fun.I'd say the difficulty is a little off, the combat system can get complex but I almost never really felt the need to actually plan too much which team I'd use, the difficulty can be changed but it gets tedious as battles start to take too long to finish.Overall I really had a blast and 25h of gameplay passed very quickly."
,Recommended,258910,14146759,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Superflyjesus,"Great story, Great game. The Earthbound/Mother 2 of this generation."
,Recommended,258910,19577982,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"This has all the makings for a very memorable RPG. Like LISA, ""collecting"" companions is a key element here. A top-down, polished RPG featuring some great voice acting and a quirky cast of characters. The hero is original, as is his relationship with his mother. The battle mechanics are very similar to Earthbound and the music isn't some mess of recycled JRPG garbage. The soundtrack is adventurous and reminds me of Donkey Kong Country/ Character design and animations make this a better standalone game than some big budget titles. It's easy to see the love put into this game by it's developers and the art team. There are many aspects of this title to admire, but the bottom line is that it deserves to be played. Get your feet wet. Vice President of the world looks good on you."
76561198186181009,Recommended,258910,33790984,Posted: 25 July,all,Aegis,"If you don't like turn based combat games, i wouldn't reccomend this game to youHowever, if you do like turn based combat and your ok with getting past minor annoyances such as misleading design (at some stages) this game is greatIt has humor, Great combat (although there is a lot of it) and great voice acting."
,Recommended,258910,14650185,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,therapistguy,Oh god there's so many party members to try to level at once and so many enemies on the screen at once
76561197971447174,Recommended,258910,14109268,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nightmare,Very good except when in battle cant see part of the upper right of screen commands the first and second letters missing as screen cuts them off. mky resolution is 1920x1080.
,Recommended,258910,20105837,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UGottaBEElieve,"In this real life simulation you play as Magic man and Vice President♥♥♥♥♥♥Cheney, using the lower middle class to fight your war against the man that stole your Chicken McNuggets"
,Recommended,258910,28874636,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tropicinspiez,terrible terrible terrible! the overall game is great except the save feature doesnt workBUT.....how can you be mad at this game
76561198103163360,Recommended,258910,15780542,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,hydeo1617,right away the game reminds me of earthbound which is always a plus and i highly recommend this game but keep in mind that this game needs a update mostly to keep the game stable espicilayy during the moonbucks area where the game seem to flicker
76561198088475310,Recommended,258910,14127916,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Wemak,check a gameplay of the game herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi-9zw7d8w4&list=PLsvfQPUwrpGYHgeuppsbAOd205c0eJgRa
,Recommended,258910,14103019,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Fantastic RPG that has been strongly influenced by Earthbound, but in a good way. A lot of customization and mechanics here, to play the way you want to play. Lots of characters, lots of side quests from what it looks. Fantastic story, honestly, this game is already a GOTY candidate to me. Yes, it's that good. The only thing that it lacks is music, but it makes for it in the sheer gameplay.For more information, more first impressions and gameplay footage here:http://youtu.be/uu4Ey2Yui5g"
,Recommended,258910,15013246,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Benny,will breakall that you've done will be worth nothing.you are nothing.
,Recommended,258910,15039126,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,๓คlгเ๏ภ,Capitalism at it's finest. Stupid crazy game. Play it now suckas.
76561198011552261,Not Recommended,258910,19453042,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,jpwhome,American politics as portrayed in a pokeman clone. Political debates are boiled down to street battles with protesters. Your home town is a cartoon land made up of a few blocks. Love the cute graphics. Definitely the work of professionals. I don''t have the patients for any other part or design feature. Had this strange desire to capture my family in pokeballs ...
,Not Recommended,258910,23613639,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Crimson Dynamite,"I found a glitch that couldtake a cab across the bridge with the giant octopus, but i couldn't get back over. So I would have to restart my 5 hour endeavor"
76561198006882147,Recommended,258910,16520068,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sasqautch,If Earthbound from SNES had a baby this game would be that baby. Highly recomend this game you shall have a ton of fun playing this. Cant wait to get into this and have lots of fun.
,Recommended,258910,14132429,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Oberain,"I decided to rewrite my review now that I have spent more time with the game and actually have the time to write something a bit more decent.  Since this is Steam I'll leave you with some quick bullet points.Pros:-Excellent art style.  Obviously inspired by Earthbound but still manages to be it's own thing.-Expansive cast of playable characters with varying abilities and play styles that begs experimentation.-The voice acting is suitably cheesy.-Combat system is solid and well thought out without being overly complicated.Cons:-Some recruitment minigames are more tedious then challenging.  I particularly hated the Musicians.-The humor falls flat more often then it should tarnishing the game's charm.-Default difficulty is so far to easy, BUT this can be changed.-Some enemies are tedious to fight without offering challenge.I will probably expand this after I complete the game and see more of the main plot and can gauge the overall length of game which are the two final deciding factors for a real review.  In short however if this game interests you, then I suggest giving the developer some money, you will likely enjoy what you get and the cost is pretty low.  I wouldn't say this game is for everyone but I am definitely having more fun playing this then I have 80% of the other low budget RPG Maker games."
,Recommended,258910,14106402,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,tactics,"Charming. Inspiration from Earthbound is obvious. Funny dialogue, good music. Buggy."
,Recommended,258910,15300481,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Sleepy,Save the world from coffee.
,Not Recommended,258910,14246440,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kuehnau,"So, it wasn't worth the wait, it wasn't worth the ""hype"" and it wasn't worth the money.It a generic JRPG with a identity crisis. It has some intresting ideas it throws around, but for the most part the game does what is 90% wrong with JRPGS.I am almost positive the biggest driving force behind ANY of it's sales is that it made an attempt to identify with Earthbound, which to be honest is ridiculous. It lacks the art, humor and soul of Earthbound.The game substitutes any sort of meaningful character progression by having 40-ish party members, none of them being interesting, meaningful or deep. All of the character abilities and commands are just re-hases of other ones under different names.Don't even get me started about the gear and equipment system which is obviously implemented to increase gameplay time, not enchance gameplay.The developers should be ashamed. Just terrible. I really wantred to like it, but to be honest the ONLY reason why I wanted to like it was because of the Earthbound name drops. Outside of this, the game isn't special, it isn't unique and honestly it's not good."
76561198040768114,Recommended,258910,14091845,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,jakey,this is the real mother 4 ♥♥♥♥ that fake♥♥♥♥♥♥those nerds are making
,Recommended,258910,21775547,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dlanor,A wonderfully crafted adventure!Worth the purchase. (PERIOD)Highly recommended to fans of SNES style adventure RPG's.ENJOY!
76561198119747160,Recommended,258910,15604754,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,kirochy,its also on wii u !!!!
76561197995269851,Recommended,258910,22873520,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Heysuess2k,"I heartily recommend this game! After playing through a good portion (and will continue to completion), it's one of the few games that I will hands down come back to time, and again. They have a good mix of characters, abilities, synergies, etc. that make this game fun to play any way you want. The humor, and dialogue are great, and the sound track is fantastic. A must play!"
,Recommended,258910,17557682,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Flavinha,"kinda have the feeling that i'm playing Earthbound, and thats a good thing."
,Recommended,258910,25369883,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,NReale3370,"This game was a tough one to give a positive review for.  Ideally I'd give an ""eh"" or neutral rating.  The game is an homage to Earthbound from the Super Nintendo, with a turn based battle system and even battle background reminiscent of that.  Unlike Earthbound this game distinquishes itself with the titular ""citizens"",  40 recruitable party members who all have different talents that open up areas of the world or changes to the gameplay.  There's a character who can speed up or slow down the game, change the time, allow you to fight any monster/boss you fought previously, etc.  Some of the later recruitable characters actually make the game a lot more enjoyable with their quality of life improvements.  Fast forward in particular is a must.Now why I didn't enjoy the game as much as I could've.  While the battle system was fun, too many enemies had no elemental weaknesses or resistances, so I ended up with a solid team I kept for most of the game.  Ideally each of those 40 characters would have a specific role in combat where you'd want to switch between them.  Instead several characters felt very weak in combat, and leveling up their talents was a bit of a pain.The game also suffers from a very bad map.  You can pull up a nice map of the area you're in, which even shows treasure items and recruitable characters and sidequests.  The downside is you can't see anything beyond that area.  No overworld map.  The most you get is arrows at the exits of areas indicating quests or characters exist beyond that border.  It was very difficult and the backtracking very tedious to get around simply because I wasn't sure where areas were.  Several characters enable fast travel and shortcuts that help, but at the end of the day getting from one end of the world to another was still more tedious than it needed to be.The story was also weak.  There's a funny moment or two, but for the most part the story felt like a bunch of ""go here, do this"" quests in order to keep you moving around the world.  At the end of the day the story can almost be summed up in a couple of sentences.Lastly, and perhaps most importantly: the game likes to crash when loading new areas.  Thankfully the game autosaves every time you leave a room, so most of the time I only lost a few seconds to a few minutes progress.  Some of the later areas are big though and I did lose at least half an hour in one area.  It happened maybe a dozen times in the 27 hours it took to 100% the game for me, so it wasn't the end of the world, but certainly not something I'm accustomed to seeing this day and age.Why the positive review after all the complaining?  Because at the end of the day I don't regret buying or playing the game.  If you liked Earthbound you'll enjoy the mechanics of this game, and with a googled world map you'll have a decent time.  I recommend grabbing it during a high percentage off sale."
,Recommended,258910,33585745,Posted: 16 July,all,Grognakh,A few crashes (4 or 5 in my whole playthrough) sometimes a bit frustrating but still a fun little RPG with lots of playable characters.Worth it's price and even more on sale.
,Recommended,258910,14181379,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Glacier Shake,"If you love Earthbound, you'll LOVE this game~Don't worry, it's nothing like earthbound play wise, but it certenly has that feeling and battle. Awesome humor and I still haven't finished it!I've only encountered one bug in the game that made an enemy glitch while running away from me, other then that, nothing serious so far.This game is a must play, so go for it citizen!"
76561198055977195,Recommended,258910,29351701,Posted: 18 January,all,Pantsu,"Citizens of EarthAbout The Game: Ever wonder what our politicians do after their campaigns. Well you can follow our great Vice President of Earth around his hometown. Uncovering mysteries surrounding Moonbucks with his brother, and his mother. Of course no self serving politician would get his hands dirty fighting off protestors and hecklers, but his family and followers will do anything that their beloved leader tells them to. All he has to do is point and they charge off into battle. The unique battle system runs on energy orbs. Some skills gain you energy and some stronger skills use them. Getting an ambush attack refills 1 energy at the beginning of the fight, and being surprised takes one away. If you get an ambush on an enemy that is below your level there is a chance you will defeat them without going into battle. Leveling up grants bonus stat bonuses depending on who is in the party at the time. Equipment seems to be in the form of accessories that are unique to each character, granting them special bonuses.Pantsu's Rating (out of 5)Graphics: 3.5 Clean cartoony graphics fit well in the world, but the background of the battles looks like an acid trip.Playability: 3.5 Easy controls that seems to favor controler use but doesn't hinder keyboard/mouse use.Fun: 4 A comical, political, RPG that strays from the normal swords and monsters theme that you usually see.Sound: 4 Great music and good sound effects. The VP's comments during battle get repetitive. Some of the dialog is voice acted which is always great.Replay Value: 3 The only reason I can see to replay this game is to develop characters in different parties for different stat boosts.Final Score: 3.5Final Thought: At $14.99 it is worth waiting for a sale.Extra: In the posted video I named the VP Dump (Trump), his brother Pants (Pence), and the baker G Hamsey (Gordon Ramsey)."
,Recommended,258910,34426222,Posted: 22 August,all,"But it was me, DIO","I remember playing the demo for this on the 3DS and ended up wanting the full game.After discovering that it was on Steam I got it as soon as a sale when up. I have no regrets.The game is structured as your typical RPG; get party members, level them up by defeating enemies, ect.I like that it has a more unique 'element system', an example of an 'element' would be 'verbal'. The art style is nothing impressive, but for me the bar is set so low I appreciate the 2D cartoon style.A thing to mention about the game is that you can collect party members and they all have their own ability's inside and outside of combat. Outside of combat, some will sell products (provided they're not in your team), there are one's who can change the game's time or weather or the difficulty. Each of these have their own benefits and help you throughout the game. You can only recruit them after doing something, either a side quest of just carrying on the story. The ability to unlock more party members flow with the game's progression well.The way characters are all useful in some way give the game the uniqueness it needs but there is much more possible potential that could make it more than 'just another RPG'."
