user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198036364179,Recommended,258970,12269764,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ravenfishmonkey,"You've already read the other reviews.  You already know this is supposed to be an updated and modernized verion of the arcade classic.  You already know how they tried to make each character unique, with new elements: twin-stick shooting, MMO tactics, RPG progression, element-mixing magic.  You already know there's both couch and online co-op.And you know the other reviews aren't answering the one, fundamental question.  One that's hard to vocalize without sounding trivial.  It's about something that can't be measured, can't be analyzed or quantified.  It's about a feeling, a memory.Is this Gauntlet?  Is this *really* Gauntlet?And the answer involves a flashback.  Sorry in advance.1985 --  A group of 15 and 16 year-olds hits the arcade to get their videogame fix.  They were a standard 80s group of teens -- the preppie, the punk, the jock, the girl.  It was a group that didn't outwardly have much in common.  But not long ago, they discovered by accident two shared passions among them: video games, and Dungeons and Dragons.That day in the arcade, they saw something.  Something new, something different, a game that spoke to both gamers in each of them.  Pixellated swords and sorcery.  Four, count 'em, four players at once.  Four characters, four classes, four roles.  All working towards a common goal: the next level.These four unlikely friends each took a spot before the grand machine, somehow choosing characters in coordinated silence.  No discussion, just unspoken agreement.  The girl became Warrior, strongest of all.  The punk became Valkyrie, protector of the group.  The preppie became Elf, rogue and rebel.  The jock became Wizard, cerebral and calm.The next hours were epic.Fast-forward to 2014.  An old gamer sees an updated Gauntlet.  He sighs, remembering Dark Legacy and other kind-of fun but failed attempts to update and recreate the arcade classic.  But the reviews look positive, and YouTube videos show fun-looking gameplay.  What the heck, there's even a sale on 4-packs.The next hours were epic ...The answer is yes.Yes, this is Gauntlet.(first Steam review ever, thanks for reading)"
,Not Recommended,258970,12228376,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,TraceofHatred,"Have to say as a whole, the game was not a bad game - However, I would not recommend buying it.The ""feeling"" of the game was very old school gauntlet (prior to Gauntlet Legends & Dark Legacy), the visuals were beautiful, Relics are an awesome new spin on the classic ""Bomb Potion"" we all know and love, and a lot of the other new additions were cool (Death is actually a challenge now!), but that's about it.Where this game falls short is... pretty much everything else - Like Seven Sorrows, really.It is a very short, very empty, and very unfinished game with a pitiful amount of content.If you were hoping for old school Gauntlet with loads of levels, prepare to be let down.For one: There are only 12 levels, split into 3 realms (A crypt, a cave, and a volcano) - Each of these realms comes with 3 sets of 3 (Always a normal stage, a random generated stage, and an arena), and then a fairly easy to defeat boss to deal with as the fourth and final chapter level.You paid $19.99 for a 3.5 Hour game (The original Gauntlet? The game this is based on? Pretty sure that game was endless honestly, it had HUNDREDS of levels - Even Dark Legacy took 12 hours to beat on 2 player and had 60 Levels, more than 5 times the amount of levels this game has!)I've played the game solo, and I've played it through twice nearly with a group of 3 and a group of 2 .Secondly, none of the levels pose unique challenges or puzzles - It's all the same paths just recycled and arranged. Even the randomly generated levels are similar, I have played the same randomly generated level twice in one playthrough! These levels are also COMPLETELY LINEAR!Third, there's only four classes - Of course one can argue this is ""based on the original"" which only had four classes, but that leaves no reason for not expanding on and improving a working formula. More than one gauntlet game had more than 4 classes, why not bring those back?Gauntlet 3 had 8 Classes, Gauntlet: The Third Encounter had 8 classes too.Hell, Legends / Dark Legacy boasted 8 Classes, 8 Beasts, and 1 Secret character + Skins.Fourth, there's also very little customization of said classes, as all growth is in a mandatory tree that grows as you play. Even the wardrobe and custom armours? there's only 3 full sets and a few extras, and all of them require playing on hard or higher to acquire (aside from the usually very ugly first set of unlockable armour).mastering your character takes longer than beating the game - I finished the game at about 50% Mastery, and this is while consciously trying to actually master the character - I can't imagine how slow playing for fun would be. While this would be fine normally, what's the point in learning these new abilities and bonuses if you've already beaten the hardest obstacle in the game without them? Most of them are passive skills (like damage up +5%) so they don't change gameplay all that much.Fifth, the game (much like Diablo) Expects you to just replay it constantly on higher difficulties to add replay value. And by higher difficulty, I literally mean that all that changes isA) how much goldB) How many generators there are.C) How fast foes come out of them.D) How strong these enemies are.It doesn't unlock additional side paths or secret stages. No major differences on difficulties.Sixth, Lack of co-op - The game is structured so you need to work together to persevere - Yet,you get constantly rewarded for killing your teammates. It is almost impossible to find good teammates, the game works best if you KNOW you have 3 friends who will consistently play with you - Trustworthy players. While this can't be blamed on the game itself, it really ruins the multiplayer experience if you have bad luck and can't find a good team. Luckily, I bought this for a few buddies as well in the four pack - So I've experienced the good as well.Seventh, Filled with bugs, glitches, errors, the odd crash, and other ""half-finished"" giveaways.And finally, keys and potions reset - You literally lose all your keys and potions after every ""level"" (3 stages per), So stashing Potions and Keys to benefit you later? no point! You can't! But there's enough keys in every level so that you can get every single locked door if you have have a brain, so don't worry - You won't miss a single thing unless you try! It is so linear that you have to consciously TRY to not get everything (Though the only thing you can really collect is Gold anyway!)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------I can't say this game wasn't fun at all, but it's literally free-to-play quality.It's not a bad game, but it is THE WORST Gauntlet.It is not worth $19.99, and it is definitely not worth $59.99 for a 4-pack.If you wanted a good ol' Gauntlet style experience, I personally recommend you do yourself a huge favor and buy either Gauntlet, Gauntlet II or Gauntlet: Dark Legacy instead, because in my opinion they are all far superior to this rendition of Gauntlet. Considering Dark Legacy is 14 years old, and Gauntlet II and Gauntlet are from the 80's - that's really saying something.For what it's worth, it was pretty fun for the short four hours of gameplay we got -But save your money. This is not Gauntlet, Gauntlet II, Gauntlet IV, Gauntlet: Legends,or Gauntlet: Dark Legacy - This game might as well be called ""Rusty Brass Knuckles.""Now, I know this is based on Gauntlet (the original), not Gauntlet: Legends, or Dark Legacy.I've played the original gauntlet, and multiple other renditions in the series - Great series, really.But I felt this installment didn't match up to the glory of other previous games, hence: negativity.As someone who has played most of the series (aside from Gauntlet: Third encounter)I strongly consider Gauntlet, Gauntlet II, Gauntlet IV, Gauntlet: Legends, and Dark Legacy(if I didn't make that obvious enough) much better games than this rendition of Gauntlet.(Which - much like Seven Sorrows - is less than four hours, has pretty generic gameplay,)and made a promise of old school gauntlet action, then didn't deliver a quality product.)As stated above, some people will enjoy this game - But I cannot recommend a 4 hour game,for the price of 20 or 60 dollars. 5 or 10? I would agree. Most Indie games are that cheap,and this honestly feels like an indie made game rather than a professional production.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DRIf you like short, simple, unoriginal games with literally no replay value that have less than 4 hours of content? Gauntlet is your game! On the other hand, if you like games with at least some replay value, unique items, customization, Challenging puzzles, cool classes, and generally more than just a difficulty change for replayability? Do not get this game! Go play Gauntlet or Gauntlet II - Both of which are also better games than this, and give you the ""Real"" gauntlet experience. Or if you're not feeling the old games, try Gauntlet: Dark Legacy instead."
,Recommended,258970,32508710,Posted: 17 June,all,Venuminostrates,"It's a simple action game. You can beat the campaign in an afternoon and it's fun to co-op with friends. However, it's deceptively complex. Endless mode ramps up the difficulty, requiring you to have good screen awareness, pattern recognition, and quick reflexes. And as a bonus, it's an easy game to pick up and put down, making it great for college students who want to keep their muscle memory relatively intact. I recommend the Wizard."
,Not Recommended,258970,13702191,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Skrat,"The Quick ReviewA very short and a not too awfully fun game. If it's on sale for about 80% percent off, then I might recommend it if you have some friends that would want to crank up the difficulty and have a few beers a couple of nights.Some quick negatives:- it is extremely short- not much character selection- you can't unlock the ""hidden"" character, you have to buy him with real money....- extremely repetitive. Levels were made with much copy and pasteThe ReportMy wife is a huge Gauntlet fan. The old school Gauntlet on Nintendo 64 was once of her favorite games, so naturally we grabbed this as soon as it went on sale. As soon as I loaded the game and was looking at the few choices presented for character selection,  I noticed at the bottom of the list the Necromancer character with a lock over his name. My first thought was ""cool, you probably get him after beating the game or something.""That's what I had hoped anyway. Then the more seasoned side of my brain said ""wait a minute, this is 2014. I bet you have to buy it."" Quick Google search later and yes, you have to pay to unlock the ""hidden"" character. For me, this was an instant down vote with very little hope of being saved.Then we started playing... The only character that is really worth anything is the Valkyrie. She has everything:- A ranged move, which is throwing her shield. Small cool down- A shield to defend with- Sword for up close quick attacks that deal good damage- A spear she can use to charge through hordes with. Insta-killing mostSo what does the warrior get? An axe and a low IQ, which is humorous at times but gets old rather quickly. He can swing … and swing. No defense whatsoever. You do get some perks to help later, but still, it's very annoying to just be able to run in with no defense options.The archer? A bow that does little to no damage, and a bomb. The bomb is useful, but your friends will probably kill everything before it goes off anyway.The wizard? Believe it or not he's not bad. He can mix and match up to nine spells, which does make playing him pretty entertaining. But there is something about him that just doesn't make you want to keep using him. The spells get a little boring after a while, and a couple of them could really use some tweaking.Keep in mind the above mention of the wizard is just my opinion. He can be a good character to use if you adjust yourself to his playstyle. The warrior and archer, however, are seriously lacking some needed adjustments.All that  being said, you'd expect to find everybody running around with either a Valkyrie or Wizard, right? Well, two people can't play the same character, so two of your friends are going to soon not be your friends.As for the rest of the game? Short and repetitive. It's really sad how short this game is considering how many times they just copy and pasted when making the levels. Even some of the bosses are duplicates, just with different models. The first set of levels is alright, but once you've done those four, you've seen all this game has to offer. There were honestly moments when we were playing that I thought I had picked the same level again, or we had messed up and it was making us redo a floor for some reason. They were that similar.My final opinion of this game:Just another cheap rip off that was crapped out by another gaming company that is no longer interested in making a good game. They too have fallen into the get rich quick schemes and make more for less. Finished product? Better chop it up and sell some off as DLC.Remember:It’s wise not to pay full price for a game in today’s market. Also, NEVER pre-order a game, pay to be a beta tester, or support DLC. Maybe once upon a time those things were alright, but the video game market is exploiting it now, taking away your hard earned money and giving you nothing in return."
,Recommended,258970,12209397,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rayden Belmont,"tl;dr -+ Faithful to the series+ Some randomized generation+ Dynamic design and enviroments+ Updated and fun to play charaters+ Incredible fun with friends+ You get to chop through hordes of enemies+ Watch your friends suffer because you shot the last Food (HP refill)- Lack of potions, replaced with purchasable temporary boosts- Game is fairly difficult, even on the easier settings (but is this really a negative?)- No changing character/players mid-game (have to quit back to lobby)- Main fun comes from playing with friends / No chat to others can be fairly hardIf you've played the original gauntlet, the dark legacy version, or perhaps one of the arcade ports, you will find yourself in love with this game. That said, people new to the gauntlet series can also find a lot of love for this game. This game takes gauntlet back to it's arcade roots with a few modern twists.If you're new to the series, A breif overview:Gauntlet is  a cooperative top down beat/shoot/magic/death them up game where you and up to three friends traverse increasingly deadly areas searching for gold through death bringing traps and hordes of enemies in an effort to complete the Gauntlet and earn power and riches beyond imagination.If you're one of the people who only cares for gameplay, prepare for a treat. Gauntlet brings back the main 4 characters from the previous games, who have each been amped up beyond what abilities they had previously been seen with:First comes the warrior - Rough, Tough, Break Through & Beat em up. Two handing an axe allows the warrior a wide melee swing and devestating damage. He can also preform a spin attack, cleaving enemies all around him. Great for taking on those hordes of skeletons who just can't seem to leave you alone.Next is the Valkyrie - Strong, Agile, and willing to take any measure to get her revenge. The Valkyrie uses a spear and a shield, able to dash through enemies while blocking her opponent's attaks. She can throw her shield Captain America style with her special and oh is it a devestating move.Thrid comes the Elf - Long Range and Quick as the wind. The Elf is an archer who can utilize rapid fire arrows, precice piercing shots, and even small bombs he can place at his feet. And if enemies start to encroach he comes prepped with a dodge role to quickly reposition and wreak havoc on his foes.Lastle comes the Wizard - Spells, Spells, and more Spells. The character to see the greatest update from their old age counterpart, the wizard now has access to 9 different methods of attack. From chain lightning to freezing orbs to massive fireballs to electricity bubbles, the wizard finds himself the most versatile of the 4 heroes, although he is the weakest in HP.The game plays just like the classics, with a multitude of enemies and chain attacks that leave you feeling like a total badass. This game is enjoyed far more with friends, though single player can be a great challenge if you're feeling brave.The game is not without some slight negatives. It lacks the possibility of changing your character color (to my knowlege) as seen in the Dark Legacy iteration of Gauntlet, leaving me without the possiblility to play as my classic red elf. (warrior is set to red, valkyrie to blue, elf to green, and wizard to yellow) The potions that used to be screen nukes or destroy death have been removed, replaced with artifacts that you can purcahse with your gold in game (no microtransactions as of yet - and never i hope) that grant temporary boosts to stats. While a nice twist I just can't get past them removing one of the most iconic abilites in Gauntlet.Overall, this game is a gem, and definatly worth the asking price. Whether a fan of the series or not, you can find good fun in this game. If you're unsure if you want to purchase it, know that it is a game aht is a lot more fun to play than watch.Good luck in the Gauntlet. and please.... Don't shoot the food."
76561197992106445,Not Recommended,258970,13578877,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Third Eye,"Pros:- It's a Gauntlet game, in which you'll find overhead dungeon crawling.- 4 Player Co-op (If you can actually find 3 other people to play with).Cons:- Barely last generation graphics.- Extremely repetitive.- Only 3 worlds.- Of those 3 worlds you get 4 dungeons.- Of those 4 dungeons you have 4 stages, the last one is always a boss.- Linear levels.- Survival/Defense stages.- Little to none procedural generation.- Characters have repetitive, annoying dialogue.- Death is no longer a threat in every level.- No robber to steal your Magic/Potions.- Potion mechanics have been changed.- DLC Content.This Gauntlet remake was supposed to bring the classic series into the present generation but, this game bears little resemblance to the games I had known and loved. Above all else, this game is a massive disappointment. The game itself is not even long enough for ten hours of game play!Before you vote my review down out of spite, I would reccomend looking at previous itterations, Gauntlet, Gauntlet 4, and Gauntlet Dark Legacy specifically and see for yourself. Also, comment on my review page if you have any objections to my review, don't be that guy.The ""Was this helpful"" button is not for if you disagree, don't just vote me down if you didn't like what I said about this game."
76561198087561228,Recommended,258970,12853880,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ferryr77,"If you can remember this game the first time around you're probably like me; couple of kids (in thier bed right now), a penchant for all things mystically nostalcic and incredibly thinning hair. Not 40 yet though ...In short the original was awesome. I remember it taking an age to load (on the speccy) and then spending HOURS with my best mate killing ghosts, skeletons etc. etc.The reboot definitely lives up to the playability of the original, though times have changed. I'm running it on a machine that makes my 128k speccy look like the first wheel and my partner in rendering 'bum kicking destruction' is my good lady wife.To be honest, we're not that far in to the game, having only completed the first two scenarios but we've experienced, in no particular order; edge of the seat tension (thanks Death!), tactical analysis, acute tactical deficiencies, where the hell is the next chicken dinner?, smoke breaks, dying (a lot), spamming the B button to do Thor's whirly thing, shouting, heatedly debating, the children, halfway through play, spilling juice all over their bedroom and an EPIC amount of GOLD. This is what a game should be all about :)Being a Diablo III player I thought that this would be the usual kinda romp through a dungeon with no particular level of difficulty, however, I was totally wrong. This game is hard - playing it solo on normal with Thor will get you killed fairly quickly. Like other games of yesteryear you had to learn them especially when soloing, so I was pretty chuffed when the missus stopped on WoW and decided to have a bash. Better. Much Better.You really get the benefit of the differing abilities of the characers when you play as a team. We were playing as Thor & Questor (Tank & Damage respectively) and were pretty effective at knocking out the generators/portals or whatever you want to call them.Hard on two player, No. Challenging, Yes. but that doesn't mean it's not FUN. I've thorougly enoyed the last 3 hours of play and if it wasn't for my eyes about to dry out, I'd probably be on it for a few more tonight.By comparison Diablo is a bit of a cake walk, if you really want something to get your teeth into, then give this a go, I double dares ya!!!P.S. I bought the 4 pack which I think is really good value for money. If you're gifting, you'll have a lot of fun with whomsoever you send it to.P.P.S The kids bedroom carpet is ok ;)Merry looting!Fudge"
,Not Recommended,258970,21167691,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,The origional release of Gauntlet was awesome!For some reason they changed it to 'slayer edition' took away all the custom elements and created a dumbed down version of somthing that coulda been great.
76561198033719770,Not Recommended,258970,12387188,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Neo-Rio,"I grew up with Gauntlet, but alas.... this version has sadly mucked with the formula a bit and made it a bit more like Diablo and other grinders, as to be nearly unrecognisable. In fact, it's probably closer to the classic ""Smash TV"" in gameplay - which is not bad, per se, but it doesn't resemble Gauntlet much.Most of the classic gameplay elements are there, but some have been meddled with while others are  notorious by their absence. The characters play far differently now - to be completely different from the arcade original. The warror and valkyrie can't shoot, and the wizard has a bunch of spells which can be selected by confusing street-fighter-like button combinations. Also the way magic works in game is not like the original, owing to a  relic system that lets you buy types of magic for in-game gold. The enemy generators are fewer but now take excessive hits to damage. Death is more of a nuisance than he ever was, and now ALL the food is vulnerable to being shot.As for level design, the rooms are rather too large and you can avoid most of the nasties by running in circles. It's not very claustrophobic and Gauntlet-like at all. Also granted that the game likes to lock you in arena battles is where this game borrows more closely from Smash TV than Gauntlet.The inclusion of the crown is a welcome addition (like classic Gauntlet II's ""it"" creature), as are the exploding barrels. Some of the other room elements (moving blocks, lava cranks) don't add much to the game at all and just get in the way of the fun.I understand the desire to update an old game, but sometimes going crazy and introducing a bunch of cool new things that don't really work together can really imbalance the fundamental gameplay, and that's what's happened here. As it stands as a game in it's own right, it's certainly fun during multiplayer -- if you can bear being the slow old wizard while everyone grabs the gold before you do. Also the boss fights are a bit of a let down... I had to figure out how to kill the first one, and having to solve room puzzles isn't really what Gauntlet is supposed to be about. Just let me hack'n'slash them, thanks.My fear is that the game will not have much lasting appeal - save for those who love grinders. There are not so many levels and there are no infinitely generated ones like the arcade game. It's just going to become a grindfest for masteries, new character clothes and relics pretty quickly. To top it off, the character speech in-game gets really REALLY repetitive, and the score leaderboards have been plauged by cheats.It's not a bad game,... in fact it's fun for a while, and will grow on you if you give it a chance .... but it's just not a great game."
,Recommended,258970,12258280,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"The originalGauntletfrom 1985 was one of those genre defining games, that was not only one of the first really fun co-op games I ever played, but also was the predecessor to many classic dungeon crawlers we know today like Diablo, Sacred, Path of Exile, Magicka, Baldur's Gate, Dungeon Defenders or even instance dungeons of World of Warcraft. Spawning a classic sequel & several modern remakes on the consoles, Gauntlet has endured the decades, although the modern 3D versions failed to capture the feel from the originals for me. So here we are in 2014 with another remake, one making the bold claim to the title, simply 'Gauntlet', has a lot to live up to!For those familiar with the original games, first time you start you will be hit with agood dose of nostalgia. Retro sounds from the original are remixed into the modern music & effects, the logo & look all feels familiar but fresh. Great sound really sets the scene & gets you pumped! I liked the graphics look & the lighting, not super HD but clean and easy to see what is going on. Monster designs were also well done.All the trademark Gauntlet features you expect are included, ranging from the 4 well defined character classes, the puzzle like mazing map designs, lotsa gold!, keys, turkeys(& friends to steal them :p), potions, jump platforms, spawners, grim reaper & the awesome narrator telling the classics like“Warrior needs food .. badly!”&“Wizard is about to die!”. All this feels authentic & refined, honouring the originals faithfully, but there is also many new features & enhancements.Besides the obvious move into 3D, all the characters have got new moves & upgrades. Each has 3 attack types, plus ability for 2 Relics(basically power-moves), each using unique controller configurations. You can combine your attacks in different ways, & also with other classes based on the situation. Most moves have both strengths & weaknesses so the right selection(plus aiming & timing)is key to survival.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=318842086Basic character class are as follows:*Warrior (Thor)is great in mowing down large groups, although weaker against ranged, hard to excel at but tough overall.*Valkyrie (Thyra)is good defender with shield, also versatile & powerful offensive moves, but weak destroying spawners.*Elf (Questor)is fast & nimble able to attack from almost any range, good AoE bomb damage for groups but needs space to operate effectively.*Wizard (Merlin)is the most complex, yet highly adaptable class, with 9 spell combinations both offensive & defensive, it can be seen as over-powered but requires a lot more skill to play.(There is more to each class but it gives you a rough outline.)Adapting to the battle is fluid & fun to control though & when mastered, combat can become epic! The combat control system is simple by many modern game standards, but it’s really exceptionally balanced, intuitive & accessible – one of the strongest features of the game!Each character class independently can gain 72 Mastery Levels(XP levels)which will unlock perks & upgrades to progress further on the Hard or Unfair difficulty. Each difficulty level needs to be unlocked for each character & higher levels do offer a really intense challenge. This adds a lot of replayability as does the many in-game‘grindy’achievements you can earn at the end of each level that give you buffs or boosts. There are some cosmetic items you can purchase for the coins you earn in the dungeons, to change the look of your character. There aren’t very many though. Likewise, there are some(few more)Relics, but overall there isn’t a lot of selections for those wanting high level of customisation.Despite all the positive design choices, the authentic feel & just plain enjoyable co-op gameplay, Gauntlet has one fatal flaw …the lack of content, specifically the number of dungeon levels.There is 3 zones each with 4 dungeons, some multiple levels, but overall only 30ishlevels in total. This includes 3 boss arenas that have no exploration. This will only take 4-5hrs to play through Solo @ Normal. The original Gauntlet I/II had 100s of levels(if memory serves), practically endless random dungeons to conquer. See how far you could survive with your buddies, but you just don't get that feeling here.Replaying levels for each character & difficulty level is fine, but with so few levels I have already started to memorise the layouts. I fear this lack of variety will make this a short lived experience with many gamers, when I could have seen it be my go-to favourite game for a while.  I really hope to see lots of new dungeons or at the least support for community workshop maps or a random generated endless mode(100s of increasingly difficulty & larger dungeons)to provide a real hardcore on-going challenge to work with your friends towards. More items, perks, customised looks would all be welcome too!Although I agree with having no chat in the game, having text chat in the lobby &/or hub would be most helpful. Currently, there isno way to communicateat all with other team mates if not in your friends’ list. Also, it is very limiting in public games when players cannot join in mid-level, you can only join when in a lobby – but who wants to wait in a lobby for that elusive 4th player to drop in, or to go back to lobby every time to find another player when someone drops mid-level? It’s not a smooth experience & comes off as rather basic, along with making it very hard to get a full team together. Matchmaking does seem to work well at least.Playing with friends is an absolute blast & with so much else done right the limited content can be ignored(for a while)along with the online multiplayer limitations I mentioned above. It's a supremely enjoyable experience. Whether you have played the originals or not, this is a solid action dungeon crawler that succeeds in recreating that uniquely'Gauntlet’experience.Find some friends & have some fun! Dibbs on Valkyrie .. and … No destroying the food! :)If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
76561197966918205,Not Recommended,258970,12711108,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Evernight,"It's alright, maybe worth getting on the cheap, but I think my friends and I were a little underwhelmed and lost interest quickly.We'd all played Gauntlet back in the 80's, and while this does generally stay true to the basics (characters, keys, potions etc), the level design just seems lazy and linear. Linear's not a bad thing in games, but in this instance it takes an already simple game and points you forward. With limited character attacks that soon become repetitive, and only the illusion of character skill trees/progression, it all adds up to you thinking you could spend your time better elsewhere.The levels are split into 3 sets of 4, with each of those 3 sets having it's own theme. One of those themes is mostly dark caves where the only light source is a slight glow around your character, which doesn't really add to the atmosphere, it just makes it annoying to navigate. Each themed set is also very samey.. I think they've been a bit lazy and could have not only put ALOT more levels in, but also more variety. Kinda feels like a tablet game in that respect.On the plus side, it's a bit of fun with friends, especially with the difficulty up when in rooms where you get swarmed, but unfortunately it mostly lacks any real frantic play.If you like working on Achievements, you'll find a third of the achievements are for playing very badly, another third for progress, and the last third for playing way more than you really want to.I'd give the game a neutral rating if I could, but in honesty I don't think it has enough to recommend it.. seems like development was a bit lazy, although it's not buggy or anything.. just design choices really."
,Recommended,258970,31687543,Posted: 11 May,all,Lynx,"I adore this game. i've played it to death, on-line, by myself and with my wife and freinds on the couch! If you Enjoyed the Origional 1985 Gauntlet, than this is the Game for you!If you are looking for something similar to the remakes, Gauntlet Legends of Gauntlet Legacy, this isn't exactly it, but still might be a good choice!The Plot of the game is almonst delightfully non-existant. A powerful wizard/demigod summons a labarinthine dungeon, also known as the ""Gauntlet"" to test the mettle of these 4 adventureres, Warrior, Valkyrie, Elf and Wizard. The game isn't as long as it pretends to be, but with endless mode and the colessium there is lots of re-play value!The game-play is top-down, hack and slash, co-op. It's good for new players and exxperianced ones, and the co-op life mechanics make playing together very satisfying despite differnt skill levels. This definately makes it one of the better couch co-op games out there.If you liked old-school zelda, play barbarian or valkyrie. If you like twin-stick shooters, wizard or elf are great choices too! I found the simpler characters (lower learning curve on the lower levels) to be elf and warrior, which allowed me to learn the basic playstyles befor trying what seemed to be slightly more complex characters of wizard and valkyrie.Edit: The Necromancer is a very complex character. i'm uncertain the DLC was worth the full price i paid for it, but she has grown on me.7/10"
,Not Recommended,258970,12795400,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Finkle/ᐠ｡ꞈ｡ᐟ\Dork,"I wont recommend this game to someone looking for a Gauntlet game, but if it's on sale for like $10, id say go for it.On one hand, the game isn't a ""bad game,"" except for the fact that there are only three areas, which was an enormous disappointment to me when i walked forqard and back thinking i had just missed them. On the other hand, this game is not the Gauntlet you probably know and love. The whole new character design thing is lame, Gauntlet didn't need that type of gameplay.Then theres the part where there really aren't any items because you get these sort of bonus skills (which are the only thing you use gold for) which are activated by potions (which is the only thing you use potions for). Keys don't roll over after you've completed a level, and neither do potions, and theres really no reason to ever worry about having the exact number of them, you might just miss one or two doors with some gold behind them, which is relatively pointless and not even remotely exciting anyways.It feels like someone who hasn't played Gauntlet much just took the project and went ""Hey, guys, hear me out, I think people want this kind of game!""All things considered, I didn't go through it hating my life, but I would give it a better ratying if it didn't pretend to be a Gauntlet game. And, again, why so few areas, that really bugs me. I feel like if I paid $10, or $15 i would be okay with it, but I didn't, so I'm not."
76561198042243672,Recommended,258970,13429746,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Gaultar,"I bought the 4 pack for my friends and myself so we could play this game together.  There was a lot of excitement and anticipation in all of us since we all remember playing earlier versions of Gauntlet.We played the first world and we were all enjoying it very much.  ""The warrior needs food."" ""The wizard shot the food."" It was great. But we then began playing the second world and then the third.  It was all very much the same.  There was little creativity in the theme.  I understand that level design can be challenging but each world followed the same pattern.  First stage introduces you to the world and some theme on this world.  Second stage you run from Death.  Third stage has some kind of boss fight at the end.  Fourth stage is pure boss battle.I don't regret the purchase since we have played a lot and will continue on higher difficulty but I would say wait for a sale."
,Recommended,258970,12219144,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SugiKnight,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93qrTPNaCKcWarner´s Attempt of reaching to your WalletOverall the game seems really fun, it offers difficulty for those who seek it and you can swap characters around when you want to get different experience or level the masteries of other characters. Few points that i do not like though; first of the camera is locked where you team is so you can't really solo around out from the screen, so all have to move in a group.The game offers somewhat depth through the Trinket system (Which you are able to buy with gold) and choose two you want to use and of course upgrade them to better tiers which grant more bonuses.The game is best played with two or three friends (With skype or similar program) the game lacks lot of aspects though, there isn't a chat inside the game, lobby systems are stone age. Also musical score is very loopy and gets annoying to hear same track over and over again.Also there is a Gamepad support for the game which is neat. If you are able to look past some of the gritty details you will have great time with this game and its not too costy anyway"
,Recommended,258970,17527212,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Deathbit #vLc,"The""Slayer Edition"" update helped alot in making the game less monotonous... well... to a certain degree. Each character has a few weapon sets they can choose from that changes up the way you play a fair amount... the fact the game throws more enemies .. and removes the need to use potions for relics and just puts them on a cooldown is a blessing. The endless dungeon is a nice addition as well.. delving deeper and deeper each time to see how far you can get... honestly not a mode for everyone but at least its there. In this update they also added in a few ""super"" moves that uses potions instead that spices up the combat just a bit more.This update did bring some needed changes the game was missing.. but at times still feels a little bare, fifteen dollars isnt too much for a few hours of fun and i enjoyed my time with it at least."
,Not Recommended,258970,17741841,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"I still play this game even when writing a negative review. Mostly because I like the mindless monster killing. But at the same time this game has so many positive reviews that are based on content that is no longer in the game since the release of the 2.0 patch. Great things like the Hub were removed, necromancer was nerfed into the ground (more like 10 feet into the ground), and all the work that everyone did in 1.0 to unlock character masteries was rendered completely pointless now. Now everything is purchased with just base gold. All skills, abilities, trinkets blah blah all gold. AMAZING passives from masteries were just wiped from the game. 1.0 gauntlet had plenty of fun things to work for by grinding the levels. Now in 2.0 gauntlet you can do endless for an hour or two and deck out a character with whatever weapon and ability you want. I do not recommend the game in its current state. If it's on sale and you have friends who want to play I would give it a 2 hour test run and refund if you find it distasteful like I do in its current form. What annoys me the most is that even though they patched out all this stuff this game still has a large majority of positive reviews... All of which are obsolete since 2.0's release.EDIT: Forgot to add that they completely removed the ""unfair"" difficulty which to some was the only real challenge in the game."
,Recommended,258970,12207133,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Black Shawarma,"+ Funny, witty, beautiful!+ Fast-paced action combat!+ Flawless combat dynamics!+ Every class plays differently! The Wizard skills are sort of like Magicka!+ A BLAST to play with friends! Great synergy between classes!+ Although designed to be played with a controller, works flawlessly with mouse and keyboard!+ Good variety of enemies, and enemy skills!+ Game mechanics are top-notch!+ Thoughtful and very polished.This game is a MUST for fans of the genre! Lived up to the expectations and more!"
,Not Recommended,258970,17498042,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,pedestrianwolf,Game is basically ruined.  They removed the unfair difficulty setting which was where 99% of the fun was.  They also removed the leveling system that improves your character after defeating x amount of different types of monsters.   I spent 97 hours according to Steam improving my characters and just had that returned to me as a paltry amount of in-game (read: completely worthless) gold.Do NOT recommend.
,Recommended,258970,12681803,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,fx.^,"Gauntlet, not a game for the faint of heart...But in reality you just need to have two things to play and enjoy this game - patience (I can't stress this enough) and a love for the classic 'Dungeon Crawler' genre, which has paved the way to many great games in this modern age.However - you will need to understand what this game is NOT. It is not item / equipment intensive (no matter how much some players will complain), nor is it a game that currently contains plenty of end-game material - and NO, this does not give you the right to complain endlessly when you realise this.If you are looking for these sorts of games - then you can play a game like Diablo or Path of Exile, because chances are; you will not be able to enjoy this game or understand the uniqueness that it presents.So what sort of people would enjoy this game? 'Completionists', classic gamers, players who have a group of friends and want to enjoy a co-operative game together (re-experience the 'old days' where gamers would sit together and play on a console), players that have played the Gauntlet gameline since the very beginning, fans of 'Dungeon Crawlers' - the list goes on and on.It is a game that immerses itself within local competitiveness (just like those times when you would battle your friends in Super Smash Brothers) as well as giving you a darker theme (for the glory of adult themes).Truely a game that can unleash a multitude of emotions.Do I recommend this game? YesShould you buy this game? YesWould you enjoy this game more with friends? Hell Yes!So leave your ego at the door, sit yourself down and play some Gauntlet.(If you were looking for gameplay and mechanics information - go herehttp://gauntlet.gamepedia.com/Gauntlet_Wiki)--- EDIT --- 5/11/14I have had a few messages saying that 'if I find this version of Gauntlet enjoyable - I must not have played any of the original games'. I laugh at these messages - and to refrain from any further pointless accusations, please refer to the below.I have wasted many a 'gold coin' playing this game back in the arcades in the 80s (the original and Gauntlet 2) and I am currently arranging shipping to have the one of the original Gauntlet Arcade Machines - delivered to my house.I have then spent many many hours playing the Nintendo version as well.I have played the game on the Atari Lynx (Third Encounter).I rampaged my way through number 3 - on the Commodore 64.Legends, Seven Sorrows, Dark Legacy on Playstation 1 and 2 respectively."
,Recommended,258970,34722134,Posted: 3 September,all,Vormancer,"CatagoriesRankingSummeryValue$20Well worth the money if you're one who loves the old school arcade classicsGameplay8 starsvery old school, even when you have it on easy it can still catch you off guard which is greatStory5 starstheres not much of a story but it doesnt really need oneSocial System2 starsThere isnt much of a social system in the game its the sort you get and play with your buddiesCommunityN/ASee aboveGraphics7 starsits a vast improvement from the old NES game or even the old N64 versionEase of Learning10 starsface the right direction and click.. not that hardCombat Style6 starsits all agility and button mashing but who cares its still funSoundtrack9 starsmusic isnt bad but the part that does it for me is the snide little remarks when you destroy the food and kill the enemies that amuses the hell out of me"
76561198005171775,Not Recommended,258970,13176385,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Showtimedr,"This game is super short. I was expecting someone more like Gauntlet Legacy. It literally has 12 dungeons.Replayability is crap. There aren't many skills/spells to get and honestly once you've beat the game, there really isn't much to do after that.If you are looking for the old school gauntlet feel go for it. If you want something like Legacy save your money."
76561198084303727,Recommended,258970,25502007,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Nova ♥ Orion,"I love this game, though I was a bit disappointed in a few things, sadly. Lets start on the negative first.The world variety is lacking in this one, I don't mean to say that this game should be something like Dark Legacy, but that is what compensated for the previous  game lacked. The only theme here is caves, mines, and Hell... it kinda starts to all blend in together, caves, caves, caves, lots of caves. Something that kinda baffles me is how Colosseum has ice spawners, poison spawners, yet no ice worlds or jungle levels?The boss battles didn't feel as grand and epic though, the bosses having invuln frames felt like they're there to drag out the battle, not increase difficulty, don't get me wrong, I like a challenging monster to fight, but know the difference between challenging and tedious.Oh also, its Gauntlet, find someone to play with cos this can be played single player, but this is a multiplayer game, always has been, always will!The positive!The heroes are different! Anyone who knows the previous Gauntlet games would take note of this first! Though I adore Dark Legacy with a passion <3 something that was troublesome was that all the classes were the same, they all just start with different stats though, that isn't the case in this game! The warrior is all about throwing his weight around, charging right into the hordes you fight! The elf has the enemies running in circles to catch him! The Valkyrie is able to dash into a horde and defend teammates! The wizard, oh my god the wizard! I never had any idea how to differentiate a wizard class in a game like this! They used a simplified version of Magicka's spells, but still something neat!The enemies are something too! I love how they even got the enemies to differ from each other as well <3 I am actually very glad that ArrowHead did that! The mummies having their own mages, bloated mummies! Skeleton archers! Juggernauts, spider queens, the list goes on!Final thoughtsI would buy this game 3 times over if it had the level variety of Dark Legacy, yet managed to have all classes different from each other! To this day, to whoever reads this maybe many years down the line, I am awaiting a game that meets that description, a game that is as grand adventure as Dark Legacy, yet provide enough variety throughout! I don't see such a game like that coming out soon, maybe not even within my lifetime. I await the day I can go on a quest to slay a fearsome yeti, enter the nightmare realm, deal with a wizard summoner who is obsessed with the desecrated temple!The game is great, it gives plenty new but doesn't change too much, keeps the old but does something new! I want more of this!I'll close this at this point now, a great game to play with friends if you like fighting massive hoards of enemies, I eagerly await the next installment!"
76561198110524429,Recommended,258970,12205971,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,=420th=SmokeAlot,"Great game.  Love the Classic mode that was a good idea on the devs. part. Brings back a lot of memories. Wizard spell making is pretty cool. Controller works pretty well for those crashing on couch days. This game is well worth the $20 bucks.Online works well and my experience was this:Warrior: ""Warrior needs food - badly""Elf: ""Elf - Shot food""Wizard: Wizard destoryed foodValkyrie: ???????? (Running in circles)Warrior: (I hate you guys. Can't wait for some bros to get home. So they can play this.)"
,Not Recommended,258970,12221029,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Morgana,"I have yet to purchase a game with such excitement and high standards to meet my expectations, until I heard they were ""updating"" the old Gauntlet series. To put it short and simply this game did not deliver what a veteran Gauntlet player would've liked. Albiet, I was looking forward to something similar to Gauntlet: Dark Legacy and maybe that was my mistake.Positives:-Game runs well-Voice lines are nice touch-Artifacts (or whatever they're called) were new and interesting-Reminded me of playing the original Gauntlet full through-Sound effects of the elites sound exactly like the soundbit from Dark Legacy elites which made me nostalgia a bit-I felt in full control with both the controller and mouse bindings except for one classAnd now for the painfully long negatives:-Firstly when I saw the opening I saw three areas to go to and figured it would expand maybe once completed, in a fashion to the Gauntlet spawn point would move you lower into the Gauntlet or take you elsewhere, but it didn't. Three very short areas.-The areas themselves weren't something to be impressed over. A castle (which did look nice to be fair), a cave which is a boring excuse for no effort, literally two levels are just dark and you can only see your character with a bubble effect, and a cultist lair (in hell?). My 5.7 hours on record was all it took to beat it by myself.-The sound would ALWAYS glitch out and become ear-wrenchingly bad anytime a spawner or a mass of enemies would enter your line of sight. Seriously? Half the game was comprised about that, this shouldn't be an issue.-Monster spawners were a serious pain to get rid of at times. The only thing that ""progressively"" made the game harder was that some enemies would ""enchant"" the spawners so enemies came about twice as fast and playing by yourself make this much more tedious than need be.-Wizard customization for keyboard was designed by an idiot. Left-click, shift, right-click to switch to ice. There's about ten numbered keys on top or a nice scroll weel on the damn mouse that were unused for pete's sake.-The enemies were so uninspiring. What happened to the countless crazy monsers that were in Dark Legacy like treants, lizardpeople, mummified egyptians, spider-people, minotaurs, AND SO MUCH MORE?-Money was worthless in this game. Money is meant to upgrade yourself to do more damage or survive longer, but no instead you complete ""achievements"" to unlock upgrades to yourself (such as more healing on food and more damage to enemies) while gold is meant to buy these somewhat pointless trinkets that cost WAY TOO MUCH TO UPGRADE. The items to ""upgrade"" your character such as armor and weapons are just different looking. Nothing new added other than asthetic. That is some cheap crap right there, I'm sorry.-THE STORY IS UNBELIEVEABLY POOR! I'm sorry but I had no idea who any of the ""bosses"" I fought were and what the lore was. Who was this guy who wanted the three shards? Why did these guys have them? Who is Anul'Rekkan (or whatever their names were) and why is his sword so underwhelming in the final fight?-Bosses weren't fun and were not even challenging. First try on them all and the final fight was a laugh. Be an archer and just ricght-click aim every enemy until he's done spawning them. Yawn.-Also Classic verison makes you want to vomit with how bad it made the game look. Way too confusing to tell anything especially with the cultists' lair.I really wanted to like this game, I did. I loved it in the beginning and was 100% stoked for the rest of the game. Yet, as soon as I got near the end I realized that I really didn't want the game to end like this. I expected mroe from Warner Bros. being on the titlecards. The only thing that would make this redeeming would be if free expansions came out to give you more areas to explore and items that actually were useful.tl;dr 3/10 You quickly wish you were playing the original Guantlet more than anything.EDIT: Since I intially put this review out (admittedly a bit hurried before I went to work) I have played more into the game, such as increased difficulty, more class expansions and more single-player and multi-player experience. As before I'll just start with what I noticed this time around.I've got to say playing on a higher difficulty with friends you actually know is phenominal. True most of the fun came from how stupid we play, but nonetheless the credit is to how the game handled us. The Valkyrie literally just runs in and does damage to everything in pair with the Warrior to peel off damage from the Elf and Wizard. The combos were SO much more amazing when your team barely makes it out of a room alive and are rewarded with some gold and much needed food.My friends I feel had more fun than me (due to my own reasons listed above) yet with the few bug fixes that came out today I really noticed the change, especially the chrashing on the Wizard class. No more time wasted on having to wait for someone to rejoin in and start the dungeon again. Game moves smoother and feels much more like an arcade with friends, so I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you get a friend or two to purchase this game. For the $20, I feel like it's a decent price. I'd like to say maybe $15 just because of the lack of replayablity after your beat it and (understandably) yet to see changes to asthetic changes.I feel I was a bit more harsh in my initial review so that's mainly why I came here to adjust it. I still have some audio issues with spawners, but maybe just because I'm hosting the game? I'm not sure really. If you're old enough to have played the old arcade or NES version of this game I'm sure you would feel right at home playing through. If you're expecting it to be Dark Legacy, don't remotely get your hopes up, because it's a completely different set of developers and they've chosen to go back to the game's old roots, which I rather enjoy more when playing with friends.Altogether I say this game still has a ways to go to get me to change my mind of purchasing this game, but I do like it for what it is. Here's hoping to adding new levels in soon.6/10- IGN""It was okay."""
,Not Recommended,258970,12214509,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Fiftyfive,"Pros: The game looks and runs great. I haven't seen any bugs or had any crashes yet. It is very fun for the first 3-4 hours.CONS:It is extremely repetative.The ""puzzles"" are easy and you don't have to think twice about using a key.The characters AREN'T balanced. The melee characters need a complete rehaul.  You can literately get stun locked when you use warrior. If you get hit once as the warrior, there is no way to escape and you can bounce around and get hit 2 3 sometimes 4 times and die. 90% of the time you are running away, kiting as a melee character.THERE IS NO END GAME. You work towards your relic, which is the only thing you can customize besides cosmetics. BUT GUESS WHAT? You can't actually use your relic during the boss fights!! ALSO you can only use it 2 MAYBE 3 times during a dungeon with the way they have it set up.All in all, it is a fun game for a couple of hours. Maybe a weekend fling. But there is absolutely no more then 7 maybe 8 hours of fun. $20 is too much. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,258970,17500943,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Arsoul,"Developers advertised a SteamOS version of the game on the store page and in the game trailer, after a year of no updates they cancelled the port after taking peoples money, leaving them with no way to refund the game."
,Not Recommended,258970,13203832,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wolf!!!!,"While its fun for a few hours, the game can be completed on hard (in a party of 2) in about 5 hours. Sure there's replayability but with only 3 areas and 12 (short) levels to choose from, whats the point? Gaunlet legends -a game released on PS1- has more content than this. Perks are mostly useless, not much variety in levels or boss fights and most of the achievements are for grinding. On the plus side the characters keep you entertained at least til the end. 5/10"
76561198000646342,Recommended,258970,23524398,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mikebeccaria,Great game to sit down on the couch with some buddies and play over steam link with multiple people on xbox 360 controllers.
76561198008747681,Recommended,258970,29842269,Posted: 11 February,all,byPr0dvct,"I purchased this as something to feed my nostalgia, remembering the epic hours and hours I had spent in Gauntlet Legends.  This game however feels more like Torchlight or a Diablo knock-off than the Gauntlet of old.  Good action, amusing dialogue, and co-op if you're into that makes for a good dungeon crawler and time killer.Pro:  Dialogue, action.Con:  Doesn't feel like the Gauntlet games of old."
,Not Recommended,258970,17496535,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Stomponato,"This review is about the update, not the game itself. And boy is this update bad.Having played the original release to excess and already having trouble with it being far less than Dark Legacy or even Sorrows I was looking forward to this update to finally fix things.So what did (not) they do:They took all incentive to grind achievements. They yield money now instead of the very helpful skill and damange increasesThey updated the engine to a somewhat more 3D-experienceThey added skills to weapons and trinkets, which could've been interesting if they didn't suck so hardThey took away the ""select your entrance"" with a somewhat linear level tree selectionGot massively bored and turned the game off after three levelsAnd you worked months on that? What did you do after week 2? Laugh at the gamers hoping you would actually work on the game? I liked your ""vision"" of the game better in the oringal release than in this update feeling like an Early Access.It's sad. Still, if you have not played the game before, it's a decent, if somewhat limited, Gauntlet experience. It was better before the update. WAY better.Just my opinion.All the Best(formatting edit)"
76561198059256949,Not Recommended,258970,12214643,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Slothy Wear,"The gameplay, visuals, and skills were very neat. The game deffinetly had the old gauntlet feel to it. That being said, this game was so short... I think it took about 4 hours to beat the game, it seems the makers of this game literally pulled a Diablo on us and gave a short game with the ability to play it over and over again to unlock ♥♥♥♥♥♥ items. Gauntlet Dark Legends which was presented on the Playstation 2 had more playable hours then this and the memory space available was tiny.TL;DR This game is not worth your 20 dollars, it is another fine example for how companies overcharge for games that are not yet finished yet or are half♥♥♥♥♥representations of what they are meant to be."
,Not Recommended,258970,17497086,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rodriguez,"Was fun before the update. Fortuantly, WB decided to fix that, and make the game terrible for PC."
76561198084604839,Not Recommended,258970,18065229,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Virtuoso,"I've put in so much time getting masteries and now they are worth nothing.Such a huge mistake to take them out.  I took a small break from the game,came back to jump in for some quick and fun action only to discover thehuge changes to the game which in my opinion are absolutely terrible.I played Merlin exclusively had a mastery level of 64/70.I can't even  imagine why the devs would change Merlin'sskills from Ice, Fire, Arcane to Ice, Arcane, ???and nothing else?  Why no more Fire?  seem really stupid andupsetting.  I will take an extended break from this game in hopethat something is done when the devs read all the negitive feedbackabout these changes and hopefully revert some of them.no interest in learning the new skill set.  seems boring.peace out."
,Not Recommended,258970,13234699,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Weclock,twelve short levels - 3 of which are boss fights.Please give us the ability to make our own levels since you're not going to make anymore.
,Recommended,258970,35225654,Posted: 26 September,all,Hybrid,"Gauntlet does a great job at bringing back the classic Gauntlet feel along with new graphics, smooth gameplay and a decent progression system. It’s certainly a fun coop game.It's unfortunate that the support for this game has discontinued. With that, it's hard to justify a full price on the game. However if you're looking for something light and easy to kick around with while playing with a group of four. Pick this up, on sale."
76561198001061974,Not Recommended,258970,22515453,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Hatropos,"The original release of this game was tedious but incredibly fun.  Logged 60 hours of game plan with little hesitation.  I took a break from the game and recently tried to play it again.  At some point the developers released a slayer edition which renders the game unplayable for me.  The controls are laggy and inconsistant depsite playing it on the same machine as before, which exceeds the recommended system requirements.  If there was a way to play the original version, I would recommend that game, but not in its current iteration."
,Not Recommended,258970,17500391,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Arcane Blades,Oh man. This game WAS a lot of fun. I had no idea they were going to change it. I was happy to play and bought the game because of the old arcade version. I don't know what these people were smoking to think this 2.0 massive change was a good idea. It's awful. Just awful. Not at all like the game was before this 'patch.'You can read all about the complaints from other people.I will say if you want to play something similar to the old arcade version of Gauntlet....this is not that game. It's just terrible mainly because they had it right before this 2.0 change.Oh the camera angles are super screwed up now too...wow...no idea what these people were thinking. This game should not even be called Gauntlet lol....that bad.
76561197972609074,Not Recommended,258970,19473002,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AngryCow,"Sadly dissapointing.  Gauntlet has evolved with every game with new leveling systems, character customization, and even unique hidden characters, but this is just a crash from all of that.It's a dungeon crawler with little to no player/class customization, No shop, no leveling, no, uniqueness, no hidden classes or special chalolenges that made all the predecessors so amazingly addictive.Fair graphics, good voice acting, fair game controls, and decent music.  5 Hours to beat, more fun with others, but that's it.  Just has a sprinkle, a flavor of Gauntlet.  It is that succulant roast.. With a wretched arrow in it!"
,Not Recommended,258970,16865356,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,"what's eatin' you, chief?","Anyone with fond memories of the arcade classics should resist nostalgia - at least for this entry in the series. It's bare, repetitive (even by Gauntlet standards), anticlimactic, and wholly disappointing."
,Recommended,258970,12236821,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,bigdrip681,"Before you buy this game keep in mind: THIS IS CLASSIC ARCADE STYLE GAUNTLET. THIS IS NOTHING LIKE GAUNTLET DARK LEGACY.I have mixed feelings about this one. I am having a lot of fun with it playing it with friends, but I feel like they went so far trying to stay true to the Gauntlet formula that it feels downright unfair and frustrating at times. The biggest problem I have is Death, who pops up every other level, and kills you instantly if you get caught. There is no way to kill him, all you can do is run. I almost rage quit because he popped up directly over a turkey leg and killed me right as I ate it. So not only did I lose a life, but the food was wasted as well.Having said that, the combat is fun and really thrilling. It feels just like playing gauntlet in the arcade. Because you know you have limited lives and no auto health regen, there is a real feeling of failure and loss if you all die which makes it way more tense than a lot of ""modern"" games where you know ""Meh, if i die I just respawn and keep going"".Overall it is a decent enough time to recommend. If you are on the fence, wait till it goes on sale. It's definitely worth 10$, especially if you can find a couple friends to play with."
,Not Recommended,258970,22502664,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Kamchak Fisko,"Originally this game a a great source of funa dn entertainment with friends. The ability to upgrade and customize your character through progression was a great function. Then came ""Slayer Edition"", or as I like to call it gimped and dumbed down to console edition. They stripped everything that made the game unique from other dungeon crawlers. With the removal of any skill or ability progression, it's now just a dungeon slog with no reward."
,Not Recommended,258970,19532708,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[VI] Ultima75000,"While this game is fun for a quick hack n slashing dungeon crawl it is very disappointing considering the Gauntlet series. It gets boring and repetitive about an hour or two through and there is little reason to replay it or even for some to bother to finish.Little to no player customization, no leveling up or experience, very lackluster shop and items are relatively not worth their somewhat obscene prices. In addition it got tedious when even the players die in about two to four hits, even from a scratch from a weak minion. Several times the deaths have mostly occurred been because a singular minion in the masses lands a strike.Although the controls we're simple and easy enough to learn the characters also seemed very lackluster (if not uninspired) and could have been much more. Heck even Gauntlet Seven Sorrows seemed to have more impressive characters.  I love some of the skills but they gold old really fast and several became to tedious to keep playing. Wizard's spells became difficult to manage in tight situations and the Elf could never fire enough charged arrows against certain mobs of enemies. Both situations just force you to run around in circles.The graphics are the games are fair, the music is good, and the game itself is not terribly difficult but this game fails to keep people playing very long and has little to offer to the Gauntlet series."
,Recommended,258970,23470981,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,gimserk,"Launched game, destroyed food, got caught by death... repeated this about 5 times. If you ever played Gauntlet in the Arcade you will love this remaster. I bought the extra necro pack and I am horrible with the character but creates a great fun, fast paced game that anyone can join (thanks steam).Highly recommended."
76561198037149630,Recommended,258970,23493709,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,NoobLunch,"Some people just can't be pleased. If you are expecting a re-skin of Dark Legacy with better graphics you will be disappointed. If you want a fresh new Gauntlet with loads new ideas and content, I highly recommend this game. The devs have worked tirelessly (and STILL ARE) to please everyone, and that alone speaks volumes. Solo is fun, co-op is even better! Very much worth my money."
76561197979635569,Recommended,258970,32276962,Posted: 8 June,all,Zer0,"It's no ""Dark Legacy,"" but it's still a Gauntlet game; be prepared for frustration and a learning curve. ;-)Character abilities and playstyles have some distinction, but the overall progression mechanics are wanting. It may be too early to tell, but some relics seem vastly more powerful than others and given the reliance on relics (at least in single player), that disparity renders certain combinations of weapons and relics as unusable. This is a pity, as greater efficacy through weapon/relic combos would lead to greater variety, which makes for a more robust game in the long run. Increasing difficulty not only adds more monsters; it takes the existing monsters and increases their speed and toughness. Considering these points, I agree with other reviewers that extended replayability might be an issue. Flagging interest is likely measured in tens of hours, however; the game certainly has longevity enough to fuel multiple clears with multiple heroes.I've taken one character through on easy and am presently working through normal. Graphics are good (backgrounds are gorgeous), animations are solid. The controls are fairly tight. Of particular note: this game wants a controller. It's serviceable with a mouse and keyboard but only just (more aggravating than enjoyable, really). You'll be best served using a controller.8/10. Two thumbs up. Great fun.  Bring on the couch co-op!Edit: ammended notes concerning difficulty"
76561198087632333,Recommended,258970,12492619,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Eden,"Alright, I have finally completed this game and have seen mixed reviews. What I have seen in the negative reviews is ""the game is too short, I finished in 3 hours."" or, ""It is really repetitive and boring."" The first statement is false, and the second is an uninformed opinion. The game is not short at all.  I have over 20 hours of time on it and finished around the 24 hour mark. Bear in mind, I spent some time grinding and replaying some levels with friends. Which leads me to the second statement. To say a Dungeon Crawler is repetitive is like saying a Bugatti Veyron is too fast. While it may be true, that is the whole reason behind it. Dungeon Crawlers are supposed to be repetitive. That, in my opinion, is where the fun is. Grinding through waves of enemies to level up and finally beat that unstoppable boss. And trust me, the bosses in this game do not mess around.    So to answer the two main questions. ""Is the game short?"" That depends on you. But you should be able to get at least 10 hours of playtime. ""Is it repetitive?"" Yes, yes it is. Its a Dungeon Crawler, if you were not expecting that, the game is probably not for you.Now, the story of the game is as follows. A Wizard named Morak summoned an immense magical dungeon known by heroes and common people as ""the Gauntlet"". Inside is the usual treasure, traps and evil creatures. And of course, no one has ever made it out. So Morak calls on the four protagonists promising them wealth and all sorts of goodies and of course, a sword slashing, fire blasting good time.The heroes you can pick from are the Warrior, Valkyrie, Wizard, and Elf. The Warrior is my personal favorite. He has plenty of health, and can easily cut down waves of enemies. The Valkyrie has a short sword that can swing incredibly fast at the cost of short range. A shield that can block all means of damage, and she can throw her shield to have a sort of chain lighting effect. The wizard is the most complex. In order to cast his spells (with the default controls) You have to push the ""Shift"", ""Space"", or ""RMB"" keys to conjure the spell.  What makes him more complex is that pressing ""Shift"" first and ""Space"" second may make a fire spell. While pressing ""Space"" first and ""Shift"" second may create an ice spell. It requires some getting used to. And then finally we have the the Elf. He has a dodge ability, a bomb that can be attached to his arrows or be placed, and can fire arrows incredibly fast.The gameplay, as mentioned before, can be repetitive. But this is a game you need to grind in. The ""levels"" in the game are called masteries. You level them up by completing certain tasks. For example. The ""Mummy Slayer"" mastery may require 5000 mummy kills to reach the Bronze rank. After doing that, you get increased damage against mummies and the towers that spawn them. Each enemy type has a mastery to go with it. Making the grinding worth while in the long run.The actual levels themselves are divided up as follows. There are 3 sets of 4 doors each. The first door in each set consists of three basic levels. The second door has a procedurally  generated level and tons of places requiring keys. And the third door contains a level that requires performing a specified task to open the exit. And the fourth door in each set contains the boss. To make up for what may seem like a repetitive formula. Each set of doors has a different atmosphere and enemy types. The first set takes place in a sand buried crypt containing Mummies and skeleton warriors. The second set is themed in dark caves that are sometimes, literally pitch black. Here you fight orcs, grunts and the occasional Spider queen. The final set appears to be placed in a volcano or Hell itself. Here you will find fanatic cultists, and many types of demonized creatures.Now, I won't say anything about the bosses. The first two are just challenging enough to make the victory worth it all. While the final boss and ending seem just hastily thrown together. I won't spoil anything of course, but the final boss was, in my opinion, more annoying then fun, and the ending did not have any closure. It left me wondering, and to honest, very dissappointed. But the game in its entirety made up for it.Gauntlet is a fantastic Dungeon Crawler in my opinion and a nice addition to the series. If you have the spare change like I did, pick it up for some friends and play a marathon or two. Good times can be found in every nook and cranny in the depths of this particular dungeon."
76561198056268129,Not Recommended,258970,23130604,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DgtlRnn042,"When this first came out I was hesitant. This wasn't Dark Legacy, which I still enjoy to this day, this was something different. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and found it enjoyable. I dare say I was pleasantly surprised. The masteries kept the feel of progressing a character, even if just barely.Alas, I didn't have much free time to really delve into it at the time.Then, when I came back... everything was different. All the things that were reminicent of Dark Legacy were removed, including the hubworld, and masteries. This enjoyable little hack and slasher has been hacked apart. I guess I'll go back to Samurai Warriors for my mindless fun."
,Not Recommended,258970,12219356,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Moses,"This is a far cry from the gauntlet I played on N64. Which maybe that's not what they were going for. I think it could be a good lan game now and then but that's about the end of it. The ""secret walls"" show signs of wear and are also given away by the sudden appearance of explosive barrels in the area that you need to destroy the wall. The dungeons are very linear, no dead ends, no exploration aside from bonus treasure rooms, hardly even multiple ways to get around the dungeon.Again maybe the N64 version isn't what they were going for. But. Back then secret walls could show no hint of needing to be destroyed and you did it just by shooting them, no obvious barrels nearby. Sometimes you would break the wall and step on a switch which yes had an arrow pointing in a direction but it could be pointing to anything. You could be at the end of the map and the arrow just points back across the whole map. You now have the whole map to explore trying to figure out wtf that switch did (this is an example which people may be frustrated with). Those were difficult puzzles.I have a hard time putting a definite yes or no on this game but I wouldn't tell people to buy it which I think is the point of ""do you recommend this game?"". I'm probably still going to play it through and enjoy it with friends."
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,258970,17515286,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Tjaranis,"i would love to recommand this game because the base of it is so promising.sadly the hole game reaks of console design and it destroyes the game.the camera is terrible and tries to follow every character and keep all on screen at the same time, it doesnt follow your character, meaning you will have tons of situations where you get hit from outside the screen and the camera refuse to let you see what is there before you are hugging it.the skills have fixed ranges, so the fact you have a mouse to aim with isnt used at all.there is auto aiming as well which you can disable but doing so makes it impossible to hit stuff on different heights, again an issue because of the console design.the skill system is abseenly limited and the one character ""wizard"" that have more then 1 skill (all have 3 attacks, which is including their skill) you cannot see cd's on the skills because it is made in a ""console friendly"" manner.these problem have been there since the first release of this game, and the VAST majority of the game population have been complaining over this, especially the camera.yet the devs have completely ignored all the complaints, and instead of making these issue less frustrating or fixing them, they made them worse with this latest version of the game...so i cannot do anything then set this as ""not recommanded""...if the dev steam ever change their ways and actually start listening to the community instead of thinking they are the ""guru's of game design"", then i would properly recommand it.but as it is now, with devs that utterly and completely ignore their playerbase, i cannot recommand it.edit: one thing you most give them credit for is, endless mode have at last been added, it is incredibly boring(it emphesizes all the problem throughout the game and repeats them endlessly; the first 20+ levels are incredibly easy which makes you give up on going on because you are bored out of your mind). but at least it is there; so if they fixed the other issues this would properly be good ^^"
76561198005283699,Recommended,258970,22291972,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bodhi's Pool Repair,"QUICKRATINGGAMEPLAY 3/5It is a refreshing approach to an old concept, lacking the courage to add new elements besides basic character improvement over purchasable items/skills. The ""poisonous"" air in the dungeon that constantly harmed you in the arcade predecessor is gone and if you die, it's due to the enemies. The cultists get some cheap kills from time to time, which is plain frustrating. Other than that, the game feels balanced, but you have to grind to unlock it's full potential. A lot.CONTROLS 3.5/5I have played it with a controller and never had any issues with response times. The button layout is convenient, but not rebindable. Jumping over gaps sometimes feels wonky.MUSIC & SOUND 4/5The music fits the scenario and the sound effects are really good. I own a localized version [GER], the voice actors sound like lackluster porn actors.VISUALS 4/5I enjoy the visuals and the different locations are distinctive. I like the gore and overall special effects. Sometimes you can lose sight of your character, especially with a full team in a crowd of enemies.ADDITIONAL INFOYou (and your friends) fight through different dungeons from start to exit. You gain continues, when you fill the bar at the top of the screen by killing off hordes of enemies. If you run out of them, it's game over. You have to share gold and other resources (food, potions) with your team. There are bossfights at the end of each area which require a bit more tactics than the standard enemies. This is the standard game mode. Besides that, you can fight in the Colloseum (a daily challenge) to gain more gold and some hero specific items. You also have the option to start an endless game to see how many dungeons you can clear without dying.With gold you can purchase special skills, items or potion effects, which adds to the gameplay. The most interesting parts are the unique upgrades for each hero.I have enjoyed this game so far and I recommend it, if you want something diabloesque without the hassle to store and manage items, inventory limitations and clicking through complex skill trees. If you want that, you won't be satisfied. It is easy to pick up (except the mage) and play. Be it for 30 minutes or 3 hours.I have had some serious issues with my connection crashing (either hosting or joining), so at the moment I would recommend local coop or single player to avoid these frustrations, taking away a good measure of the game tho. I have contacted WB Games support with this issue, but unfortunately received your standard ""Have you tried turning it off and on again"" reply."
76561198273516155,Not Recommended,258970,22560595,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,totalitarian1878,"they took away leveling, in gauntlet.......... !"
76561198010673991,Recommended,258970,23523142,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Quack,"A fun overhead-view twin-stick game.  Each character has a very different playstyle with extra variety built in as you unlock different weapons for them.  Multiple difficulty levels too.The game is also simple.  It isn't some in-depth role playing game.  Its just a dungeon-crawler, with the primary element being slaughtering crowds of monsters.  Before too long, you have seen it all."
,Not Recommended,258970,12241903,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ledow,"It's okay.It's not Gauntlet, but it's fun enough.There are some customer-care issues, like no key-rebindings, using the arrow keys to ""communicate"" with the team (all of four messages) but WASD for movement, some damn instructions (no, don't make me ""guess"" the wizard's other spells in order to the complete the tutorial, especially when he has radically different controls to the others), etc.But, really, it's just a 4-player co-op hack-'n'-slash.  The only things ""Gauntlet"" are the camera-fights where you all run in different directions and jam each other against the edges of the screen, the four characters (note: not their abilities), and the running away from Death...This should have been a ""Gauntlet-like"" game, not carry the name Gauntlet.  If you've ever played Get Medieval - that's what this is."
76561198384968457,Recommended,258970,31988026,Posted: 26 May,all,The Pale King,I first played Gauntlet in the Arcade when I was just a small child and fell in love with it. Ever since I have been searching for a version that lives up to the games legacy. I would say that any die hard fan of the series should pick this up. The Wizard character is incredibly well disigned and soloing the dungeons as him feels like a stand alone experiance in itself. This game is a great time killer and I do not see myself putting it down anytime soon. Its a classic and is the grandfather of all dungeon crawlers. For the price I would 100% recommend it.
,Recommended,258970,12270841,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mr Breeze,"This game does homage to the Atari classic of running around dungeons, killing baddies, collecting gold, and finding keys to unlock new doors.  But the reboot also adds a bit more depth with semi-robust game mechanics with powers fueled by potions rather than being just a shooter with a ""clear screen bomb""  The characters are unique and fun and have balanced strengths and weaknesses.  As someone who does not play dungeon-crawler games like Diablo or the sorts I found it fun without being overly technical staying true to its button-mashing ancestors.  And the game's levels are designed for replayability so you can keep going and upgrade all your characters.  The prologue has you learn the basics of each character.  Then you are able to play through the main game with friends or solo.There are multiple stages.  Each stage consists of 4 levels and 3 rooms in each level.  This is with the exception of the last level which is one room containing a boss character you must defeat with skill and smarts (simple puzzles).  The room in each level consists of your basic dungeon running and fighting collecting gold and items.  The second part is a dungeon run to stay alive and avoid death's touch.  He will fade in and out throughout the map and you must try and complete it witout getting sucked into death's vortex.  The third part of each level consists of a final larger battle with hordes of adversaries that you must survive in order to complete the level.  The final level as I said is a single boss match where you have to figure out how to beat each one while not being overrun by additional hordes.You collect coins in the game and those are used to purchase artifacts.  You can equip 2 artifacts at the same time and use them by collecting potions.  For each potion you can use one of your equiped artifacts once.  You can collect up to 5 potions.  Artifacts can be leveled up multiple times for increased effects and abilities.  If you die in mid-combat a timer appears and when it counts down to 0 you can rejoin the fight.  But you can only revive yourself if there are continue coins available.  You get revive/continue coins by killing more and more enemies.  If you run out of coins you cannot revive and as in say Left for Dead, if all players die at the same time, it's GAME OVER for the whole team.One thing I found surprising as a avid player of the coin-op version, was that not all the characters have ranged attacks.  that is left solely to the elf and wizard.  The warrior and valkyrie are hand to hand fighters with some decent dash and range attacks but do not actually shoot any reasonable distance with primary attacks (special moves aside).I've got 8 friends that have this game and we enjoy it very much.  It was well worth the $15 each if bought in a Steam 4-Pack and will likely be on sale by December for even less.  If you want to play it though and support the developers.  It's well WORTH the current price."
76561198079335824,Recommended,258970,13617046,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"I have only played Gauntlet for a short time, but will play some more. Gauntlet is exactly what the store page says it is, a dungeon crawler, RPG, Action type game. I found it rather similar to games like Torchlight, but remember Torchlight is its own game, and you dont have a pet in Gauntlet. But you do get to collect lots of loot, and also Turkeys to eat to rekindle your health as you will be up against hoards of zombies and other creatures, that you will encounter as you move along through the dungeons.The characters you play are rather tiny in the game so i hope you have good eye sight, even though they are tiny, i still had fun playing Gauntlet. Also you can play this game with an Xbox controller quite well. It can be played in single player mode or play with up to 4 players or friends including yourself, I tried  both single and  online and found playing with others was rather more fun except they pinch all the loot and food before i could get to it, so remember to share the food and stash please.It would be great to join in the game with some friends, and this can be easily set up to do so, if our times allow for convenient game play.Only negatives I had are :I had a few issues starting the game as it keeped crashing at the start, but after some persistance and checking the game cache files and a reboot of steam, it ran beautifully. Also to note I have windows 8.1 and the game  ran fine, once it decided to launch, so please dont panic about this, as its all just minor issues i encountered, i just felt i  had to mention this, incase anyone else has a launching issue.Also game needs more food pickups to be added aswell, as you tend to die pretty quickly, if your not careful.I will rate this game 8/10."
76561198087800180,Recommended,258970,25074875,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hartgas,good stuff for couch-coop. Would like to see more games like this for PC
,Not Recommended,258970,17498151,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Non-Dairy Creamer,"Before 2,0 the game was grindy, but definitely fun. Now it just feels cheap and generic. There's very little differentiation and the mastery/achievements are basically worthless.Barring some big change or rollback or... something I can't honestly recommend this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,258970,12311345,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Eonyte,"Gauntlet was an underwhelming experience. Here are some more points that should reinforce my statement:1. The game is around 5 hours long.2. There are approximately 4 mobs that you fight that look slightly different every level or so. Combat boils down to destroying summoning stones. You'll be doing this for every single level. Have fun!3. Relics are utterly useless. Gold doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter if you die either. In fact, you get rewarded for dying. The game is very forgiving.4. The last boss just sucked. Besides having to wait until you can actually kill him, you get to fight all those fun and varied mobs that you fought all game. The only thing that was missing was even more summoning stones.5. For me, the game has absolutely no replayability. Once you've done it all, what else is there to do?6. The ending is a slideshow of 3 pictures with some guy talking in the background. No, really.7. The characters talk way too much. You'll be hearing the same lines over and over. Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,258970,30083706,Posted: 21 February,all,JunglePredator,"I cannot recommend ""Gauntlet"" as it is in its current form.Having pre-ordered the game I played it during the 1st week of release. At that point I was pleased with what I saw: the game was pretty & there was an upgrade system allowing one to quest for something. More like an RPG then an endless dungeon hack & slash. It was still Gauntlet of old but it wasinterestingnot the mindlessness of old technology.Because of some problems with the multiplayer with my friend it was set aside until tonight when, having an immense headache, I wanted something more light hearted to play then my other games at the moment, namely Dark Souls 3.And I've come to find a mess of a game. Gone is the beautifully rendered hub room replaced with a fairly ugly 2D map representing the dungeon. Also removed is any kind of upgrade or bonus system. So not having the hub room makes sense in a way... there's no reason to replay levels. However instead of selecting your current level on a map they should have just made you go to the next level automatically.The only thing left to purchase in terms of ""upgrades"" are talismans & relics. Or read properly: ""healing"" potions & magic potions.  The healing potions no longer heal you, the activate a skill that can earn health depending on the character you're playing. The relics replace magic potions... instead they recharge on a timer & are infinitely usable.Once you have the talisman & relic that suits your play manner there's no point for grinding as all that's left after you have your favorite is looks. New armour, new head or a cape if you try their new play type. All cosmetic & rather pointless since you can't really see that much detail in game anyways since it still plays from an overhead zoomed out dungeon style.Enemy redesign is not necessarily faithful to the original & in some cases is not intuitive. A prime example is the new ghost. Looking kind of ugly it looks like a sheet on a wire. However my 1st encounter with it it wasn't clear it was a standard enemy; it looked more like a spell effect. Flying through walls the ghost bared no resemblance to the original ghost; part of which was the ability to use the terrain to your advantage.Death however is similar to the original however unlike the original there does not seem to be a way to destroy it (or at least in the level it's introduced I could not find a way with my necromancer). Also it does not come when you're taking too long or pre-placed in certain areas, instead it's on a timer for the level (at least in the level it's introduced in).Overall the action is much slower than the original Gauntlet & I almost feel likeGet Medievalhas a more interesting playability.Considering all this I'm now regretting having pre-ordered the game & urge people to pass on another failed Warner Bros. project.Instead, if you're lucky enough to find it, I recommend the previously mentioned Get Medieval."
76561197985072747,Recommended,258970,12305672,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Fantasy Dungeon Birds Eye Action with Co-opOkay so I am old enough to played most of the games in the Gauntlet series at their time of release so I pre-ordered this one too.  So what do I think? Well it is a tricky one, I think if you hold it up against the early games in the series this seems the next logical step. Keep to the 4 character format, and make use of co-op (No Diablo players running off like kids on drugs grabbing loot, you are all stuck in the same area!). The 4 characters are varied but only have one primary skill each, I think there should be some options here. There are 3 zones, with 10 levels each. Not a vast amount, but enough until they release some DLC (I guess they plan to, depending on popularity).You can pay for cosmetic costumes with in-game cash  (why these couldn't add minor stat perks is anyone's guess) and you get relics that act as specials for potions (these can be levelled up and are quite varied). There are also perks you unlock by completing achievements and this is where my main criticism comes in. This is a great idea and would keep you coming back, but their should be more and evenly spaced. You get some for dying once, others for killing thousands of monsters!I find this game fun, and will play it more in small doses chasing some achievements and harder modes. I completed normal mode in a few hours but then you have hard and unfair to go at, where good teammates are a required (let's hope there are enough active players later on). Plus I should have earned a few more perks by then. I think the price is a bit steep for what you get (I think it should be about 1/3 cheaper). Also as I said at the start it ignores some of the advances made by some of the newer Gauntlet games such as more character choices and a 3D perspective, but for us old boys it mostly ticks the nostalgic box. I give it a thumbs up, but it is a bit of a *shrug* too."
,Not Recommended,258970,22033896,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Rotinque,Was staring at this title in my steam library wishing so badly that i could play the original game that they released. but now all we have is this force fed 'slayer edition' of the game. Safe to say i wont ever buy a game from this company again.
76561197989683828,Recommended,258970,30250771,Posted: 28 February,all,Cristovelli,"Fun! Really fun especially in local co-op. Grindy! Really grindy, less so in co-op! Some flaws but overall one of the best entries in the Gauntlet franchise in a long while. Some solid humorous voice acting, the game doesn't take itself too seriously.If you like the original coin-op games you will enjoy the overall faithful incorporation of the signature elements of a Gauntlet game -- except the Death encounters but whatever, just roll with the changes and you'll have fun.This game is not gonna become like, your world or anything, it's just a fun actiony dungeon crawl with some decent replayability, with features including an endless procedural dungeon mode and unlockable equipment that affords a fair amount of playstyle customization per character. As always, Gauntlet is best enjoyed with friends."
,Not Recommended,258970,12241717,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,KittyKatKuddler,"I died because I yaaawned!I wanted to love this, but I can't now...The game is BUGGED LIKE HELL: Wallglitches, doors that don't open, clipping, food disappearing.The relic and equipment system (I felt totally trolled by the developers when I noticed that my preorder items don't give me any stat upgrades at all, but only cosmetics) is totally useless and there is NO MOTIVATION at all to grind gold. Additionally, the 4 classes are totally UNBALANCED (Valkyr/Warrior < Rogue < Wizzard) and the content is played through in 4!!! hours, which is quite ridiculous for that price.The game needs drop in - drop out implementation quick. It's obsolete to let players only enter matches while others have to wait in the Lobby. It's COOP! COOOOOP! ...ah well, I forgot: The game has NO INGAME CHAT! SRSLY?!?Mission design lacks variety and is tedious. After the fifth or sixth mission I just wanted it to be over....and it breaks my heart! 20 bucks out of the window! Never will preorder of this company again... Nostalgia destroyed!3/10, because I had fun in voicechat (ofc external, because this game doesn't offer any options) and the soundtrack wasn't annoying in comparison to every other aspect of the game! This is just a shame!"
,Not Recommended,258970,12238054,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Drot,"The game is unplayable. You can't remap the keys, so if you have a broken key, like me, or you are left handed, you are ♥♥♥♥ed. Also, the game crashes when you try to change it to fullscreen, or when you ♥♥♥♥ing click the start game button. And this is AFTER a 777 MB update. Don't waste your money on this pile of garbage, they don't deserve it after proving to have this little foresight. I would comment about how the game is, but I can't. Good thing they pushed back the release date to offer a polished product. 20€ thrown into the trash.""Thank you for your money, now ♥♥♥♥ off""-Arrowhead Studios"
76561198002556809,Not Recommended,258970,12212880,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BlankFrank,you cant REBIND THE KEYS???? WTF.  Unplayable for me since Im a lefty.  Wonderful.  Fix incoming?
,Recommended,258970,29424984,Posted: 22 January,all,nukem266,"nukes-viewHi all, nukes here.Gauntlet is a top down, dungeon crawler, which will have you hacking and slashing your way through hordes of enemies. Which sold it for me, who doesn't love running through dark dungeons slaughtering everything you are faced with.Based off of the original 1985 Gauntlet, this version captures its magic beautifully.Still offering four player co-operative locally and online as well. Gauntlet offers a story mode, Endless mode and a Coliseum. Each can be played with friends or on your own.I love this game, as it is easy to pick up and play, playing with friends made my experience even more fun. Although the community is not massive people still do play this online.The Game PlayBefore you jump into raid the dungeons in search of glorious riches. You are able to choose from four playable characters,with a fifth as DLC.Each with very different abilities and play styles.Warrior, Valkyrie, Elf, Wizard andNecromancer (DLC content)Personally my two favourite are the Valkyrie for mirror shield and clone combo, and the Wizard for his awesome spell combinations. Don't get me wrong though all the classes are brilliant.Personally Barbarian felt a little dumb and clumsy to me, Elf well his accent was just to annoying which really put me off his character.DifficultyThe difficulty of this game comes in three flavours.Unfortunately for all you hardcore gamers, as of Slayer edition, the fourth Unfair mode has been removed.With each increase in difficulty monsters have more hit points and run faster. Although more gold for all you looters.Easy - Says it all.Normal - Pretty much default.Hard -Well I am sure you get the point by now.Keep in mind the Colosseum mode the difficulty is fixed.Endless mode gradually increases as you make your way through the levels.(Keep in mind you don't keep gold form this mode, it is specifically for lives etc..)Controls & InterfaceThe controls are simple and easy to pick up, on original release the campaign had a tutorial,this helped with the wizard class.With Slayer edition release this has been removed. It is now in the form of aHow to Playpage on the main menu, which has controls laid out for each class.This game can be played with keyboard and mouse or a controller making sure you activate the controller before starting the game.Personally I found this game is more suited for controller use, especially with the wizard class.AchievementsThis game has achievements, some of them a fairly straight forward but even now I still haven't got to wave 50 on Endless or killed 15000 Orks.... Hurray for me.Unfortunately some of them are a grind.StoryThe campaign is based on going deeper through a series dungeons to challenge yourself, looting as you go. To find three pieces of sword for a sketchy wizard, on this Gauntlet journey you will encounter many deaths.Once you have completed a map(challenge)you are able to freely navigate to old and new missions plus bonus ones.Combat System, Skills & TraitsThe combat is fairly straight forward, swing here swing there, heads fall offGood ol mash the A button for best results.Least from a Barbarian or Valkyrie's point of view or for Wizard and Elf you use the right analogue to fire your bow or burn, zap and freeze.This game can be fast paced and chaotic at times, keep yourself moving or knowing your choke points will keep you alive. It is easy to lose your character in the commotion.Especially playing with others.Since Slayer edition release the skills and abilities have changed, now equipment you buy will determine what moves and skills you have.Personally why they decided to change it is beyond me, I loved that the items were more cosmetic based.They also removed the perk system for masteries, which again is beyond me completely. As masteries, other than boasting rights are pretty much useless now.Sounds & EffectsSounds decent and fitting for dungeon scene. Although very loud on start up so remove your headset or be deafened.Some of the voice acting can be a bit much.GraphicsThe graphics settings are straight forward, this game is not to demanding although later levels on Endless mode could cause issues for lower spec'd machines.Gore can be turned off for the younger audiences.Humour & TriviaDefinitely a love hate relationship with the voice acting on this game, although humorous to a degree I cannot stand the Elf's strong accent.MultiplayerThis multiplayer on this game works well, as mentioned before can be done locally on a decent sized screenor you will lose your character a lot.Or can be done online with friends or strangers.I have never had problems finding a Story or Endless mode game, although keep in mind if you are joining someone else's game you may not have choice of your favourite character.Multiplayer is stable and I have never had connection issues unless host is in a distant country. If you are unsure just host your own.Story mode progress is saved whether you do it multi or single player.Bugs -ImportantI don't think I came across any game breaking bugs. Only annoyance is I mentioned before, is about starting the game after you turn on or connect your controller as sometimes Gauntlet may not pick it up.ConclusionOverall I found this game very fun to play, par some of the changes to Slayer Editionif you are buying it now you will never know what you have missed so this won't affect you. Although don't get me wrong the additions were great as well.I still play to get last achievements to this day, but I have had many hours of dying to hordes of enemies with friends and strangers.I personally hope they make another Gauntlet down the line sometime with even more content.I felt this game did do the originals games justice and I hope you will feel the same way.Because who doesn't like throwing explosive crates/barrels at their friends.Hope I helped.ηυĸєΜ266"
,Not Recommended,258970,12251896,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"This is the kind of game that I wish that I'd have a Neutral Selection here. Like, not a yes, or no.I had fun with Gauntlet, don't get me wrong, but if you're buying it, I don't think it holds up. There's a lack of customization options for the user, especially if you're someone who doesn't have 3 friends to play with right away with the game. The lack of customization of games to find to play, lack of customization of controls, and lack of options in general, and the game feels like a game that was made for the developers to play, not for the masses to play.The developer is apparently working on those features in question, and I highlight the lack of them here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn3Zt704AWA. This willl turn to a recommendation if it's done in a timely matter. But otherwise, I can't recommend it."
76561198056093774,Not Recommended,258970,12213445,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sir Wadolf,"Gauntlet came out today. My review.The good: Great game play 4 classes with fun abilities making it fun to kill things. The boss fights all have their own challenge to them. You can play 4 player on the same computer. Didn't feel repetitive for different levels.The bad: Only 4 classes and multiple people can not play the same class. Difficulty did not increase as game progressed. The game was simple with no puzzles. No dazzling graphics. Normally I do not judge on graphics as a negative factor however I expected more game play. There are only 12 levels, 3 of which are just fighting a boss. There are no mini bosses to challenge you no unique monsters or loot. The overpriced gear you can buy is only for visual appearance. There is no findable items as there was in previous games. The relics you buy are also overpriced you will beat the game before you can fully upgrade one relic. The only reason it didn't feel repetitive was because the game was only 4-5 hours long.Verdict 7/10. Would recommend playing it, would not recommend buying it. It is a arcade game if you have 3 friends you constantly game with, it's only $20, might as well, but don't tell everyone else they should buy it just have them come over. If they opned up the code to the community for custom levels it would be a must have."
76561197993671855,Not Recommended,258970,12264754,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,djprime76,"So 3 of my friends and myself gave the game a go last night. For $15 bucks (each) and based on past Gauntlet games {Legends and Legacy} we figured it was worth a go. Traditional Gauntlet games get a ton of replay value so the $15 should merit that. In either case let me break into the actual reviewGauntlet starts you off by having you play each class; Warrior, Valkyrie, Elf/Archer and Wizard.Warrior plays like in the typical hack and slash style. Valkyrie feel very Captain America'esc but still hack and slashy. Elf/Archer plays like a character from Smash TV. Lastly Wizard plays like Invoker from Dota 2 (to elaborate you have 9 spells and based on what elements you combine {Lightning, Fire, Ice} you get a different spell with each spell having its own cooldown). With each unique character you sort of get a different button schema. Where Warrior and Valkyrie (I might need clarification on this) smash buttons. The Elf/Archer and Wizard utilize the right analog.Once you go through the tutorial you have the ability to start a game or begin a lobby. The lobby system is fantastic. There's no shift tabbing into the steam community to select a person's profile to invite them into a game. You simple click the button to open lobby (for me it was 'Y' on the Xbox control or 'X' on the PS3 based on the conversation software). and it brought up a list of friends currently playing Gauntlet who I could invite. The only gief is I wish it only brought up friends who have / are playing Gauntlet. I still get my full list of steam list friends which I think is silly.Each selection is unique so can't have two Warriors or Valkyries etc. Once your in the game you have worlds to choose from... there's only 3 worlds with 4 levels so that was sort of a let down from the get go.Also in the lobby you decide on your difficult. Easy is like a light version of Normal so you have more health and monsters are not as strong. Normal you get infinite number of re-spawns. Hard requires that you have tokens to re-spawn other players and Unfair you simply don't re-spawn and food rarely/never(?) exist. We went with Normal for our play-through.There's also a shop that sells artifacts however to use the artifacts you must use potions you find in the level. So potions are no longer a generic AOE effect but are used in conjunction with artifacts. Shops items can also be upgraded and few items no longer have the 'one time use' feel. This gives potions sort of a customized feel however ultimately make them useless on boss as no potions spawn on those fights.Another thing that doesn't exist in the shop now is 'stats'. 'Stats' or any sort of character enhancement is gained by spamming a specific character skill (typically bound to a button or in the Wizards case combine two buttons to make a spell). Other character enhancements (which are called Masteries) are gained through eating food, dying and collecting gold provide a passive bonus rather than active.As to the actually game play...it felt super linear at first and unfortunately stayed that way for most of the game. There was very few 'whoops we went the wrong way' or 'did we miss something'. If such situations occurred it was a result of a bad camera angle hiding a wall that wasn't visible rather than a puzzle to figure out.There's of course game elements to try to lighten the mood like players can light barrels of TNT on fire and throw it at friends or destroy food that a friend is about to pick up. There's also preset emotes that players can spam at each other. While were on emotes the characters periodically compliment each other when they get a long kill streak...this is 'cute' at first but due to its frequency gets old fast. The last sort interactive element was the crown which when worn gives the player at the end a gold bonus. However if they get hit the crown drops and another player can pick it up.Level 1 and 2 of each world was typically presenting the theme. Level 3 was typically a small boss battle arena and level 4 was purely focused on the boss. Bosses were a hybrid of spamming the attack key and figuring out puzzles.So general flow of the game was 'pick a world' -> 'pick a level' -> 'playthrough it' -> 'return to town' -> 'debating on buying artifacts' -> 'pick a world' repeat.Now with all that said would I recommend picking up the game... probably not at it's current release price or I would definitely split the $15 bucks among several people and play it via Local. Even then not enough bang for the buck for me to recommend it.As a group of 4 players we beat the game in about 4.3 hours. It really emphasizes on 'party play' and I could see it getting frustrating solo. There's no 'true' leveling system so you don't really feel the progression. You get a new skill to spam or your cool downs on a spell are reduced but your overall power still feels 'fixed'. As I mentioned before there are 'artifacts' that you can buy with gold earned in game but they are nothing game breaking.Once you complete the game you do unlock cosmetic items however they require that you use in-game gold to buy them... so your reward for completing the game on a certain difficulty is unlocking an item in which you have to grind the levels you just beat to get the gold to buy the cosmetic item....yeah...no.On a few minor notes there's a few times where death shows up which leads to comical deaths (Death no longer drains he simple kills you) but is quickly forgotten. There's no alternative classes like Tigress, Jester, Minotaur and etc. After we finished playing we expected that they would be DLC or something silly. Pojo (aka EGG911) is not in the game as well as 'X IS NOW IT' system is out as well.The novelty and hopefully nostalgia you hope to draw out the game is typically gone after the first few hours. At its core it took what made the Gauntlet series unique and made it feel like a generic hack and slash.Oh one last thing before I close this out...the soundtrack is okay but nothing stellar or to write home about.Edits below (due to comments section limitation of 1,000 characters or less)Response to Jareth Gawain on 09/28/2014:Correct Jareth Gawain however I find that overall it pulls more aspects from Legends and Legacy then the original Gauntlet.The original Gauntlet arcade aspects that differed it from other hack and slash/beat-'em-up arcade games at that time was the concept of a time limit.  Players health totals constantly dropped and there weren't many/any titles prior to this that forced players to find a way to conclude the level in an effective manner.  This game mechanic at the time was complimented by a labyrinth-esc design which futher penalized player for making an incorrect choice for not finding the right way out.  Am I saying that such a mechanic(s) should have been implemented into Gauntlet™?Absolutely not or rather if they did so perhaps it happens on a higher difficulty.  As I stated I did not play on anything higher than 'Normal' so this may already maybe implemented in the game.  The above game mechanic(s) I didn't feel in Gauntlet™.  The game felt very linear and more Legends/Legacy then the arcade versions.To the point regarding Legends and/or Legacys I felt Gauntlet™ drew more from these mondern versions than its predecessors.  Concepts of character progression, item shops, boss battles, quotes such as 'needs food badly' and many others pull from the days of Legends and/or Legacy.  Which to me as a individual playing the game I think is a good thing that they didn't try to keep the pure rustic feel of the past in Gauntlet™.  For these above reasons I feel Gauntlet™ feels more like Legends and/or Legacy than the original arcade boot."
,Not Recommended,258970,12230139,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Trantheman,"This game just doesn't have the depth of the original Gauntlet Game!! Where are all the characters? colors cumstumization? I mean they basically had a great game all laid out for them and they completely simplified, boring and short. Dissapointing, hoping for an update to change it up."
,Recommended,258970,23603790,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Geekub,I am young but I was raised on gauntlet. I think that this game is awesome and anyone who likes the original or diablo 3 then they should give this a chance.
,Recommended,258970,25481199,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,marcus-wolf,"Red warrior shot the food! Nice remake of an old classic, if you played the original or Gauntlet II back in the day you won't be disappointed.Combat is challenging without being impossible and being able to play as different classes gives this game nice replay value."
76561198006795778,Recommended,258970,31908521,Posted: 22 May,all,Chirho Knight,"Has some of the same feel has the arcade but updated, not a bad game, has replay value in endless mode,  however other players have zero tolerance for new players and will boot you off a team very fast if you make mistakes. I like the game. You get alot out of this game for what you pay for it, if you are a fan of the classic i recommend you to give this game a go."
76561198059854867,Not Recommended,258970,12214189,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tibble,"Had high hopes that this reboot would bring back the classic Gauntlet experience. I just don't feel it's worth the $20 when It can easily be completed in under 5 hours. The developers could have packed a bit more stages and wider variety of monsters to slash through before releasing this. I won't say it's a bad game, just lacking content. And there is no reason you should be able to destroy food. Sorry, I can't recommend this game to anyone whose played the previous Gauntlet titles, It's missing a lot of features.. :/"
76561198128904510,Recommended,258970,31269906,Posted: 20 April,all,Pedro Dahlinero,"This perspective is from a married +40 dad with little time to play games who loves Broforce, Overcooked and LBP.Bought this since it was a remake of a classic that I spend some time with in my youth. Arrowhead has made a great job though it might be a bit repetitive. The great thing about it is that I can play it with my kids and my wife and they enjoy it too. Playing on Normal I have reached the final boss (so it's not hard) but not defeated him yet."
,Not Recommended,258970,12285677,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Imban,"It's a fun multiplayer brawler with nice character variety, with two melee fighters, an agile archer, and a wizard who plays like a stripped down version of Magicka. Unfortunately it's kind of lacking in content right now, with only 9 exploration level + run-quickly level + spawner arena level sets and 3 boss levels, one after each trio of level sets. Except for replaying on harder difficulties or grinding out achievements for ""mastery"" rewards, some of which are obnoxious along the lines of ""kill 50000 enemies"" or ""kill 8000/12000 monsters in one specific way"", there's not much to do in the game, and it only took me about 5 hours (including some time playing the same levels again with different friends) before I completed the campaign. Probably it'd take about 3 if you just went from start to finish.Ultimately, though, for actually being an online multiplayer remake of Gauntlet I have to recommend Hammerwatch instead. It's pixel art instead of 3D, but if you can get over that I think it's by far the better game."
,Recommended,258970,25266430,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"The game is fun to play, even better with friends! Give it a go if there is 4 of ya."
76561198134487166,Not Recommended,258970,12529895,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,AR,"Game was nice at the beginning, but got boring after 2 hours of playing. Everything is the same - the levels, the enemies. The only replay value comes from the 4 classes available - each one has a distinct strategy. Game is nice overall, but is poor value over money. Buy it if it get less than 7$."
,Not Recommended,258970,12214081,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zarsoth,Lovely graphics but terrible game. If only you could control you character. Playing the game with a keyboard and mouse... impossible. You are forced to use a controller if you want any control at all. In this day and age its inexcusable to release a   PC based game and force the user to use a controller. The main reason I play PC games is so I don't have to use one.  Not only that there is no way to change the movement scheme. So here we have a 2014 game that use the 4 arrows for movement. How very 1980's. Don't waste your money. Buy another game. And to think I was looking forward to this one.
,Not Recommended,258970,12214463,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,LotusBlade,"I like this game a lot, its very beautifull and fun to play, but... There is a lot of things which making you feel that something is quite wrong. First of all, cooperation: there is just no way to speak with others (no chat), not even an emotes or basic movement directions for party — you have to gues what others have on their mind. It could be played solo, but this way its pretty booring and super hard. So you have to eather use real life friends or skype to talk with people, which isnt really good. When you enter the lobby... Well, there is no lobby lol. You simply pick desired difficulty among 4 (where the first one is actually hard and the last one is 'bloody hell, damn it, get away from me!!!'). And if you want to beat some special level among 12, at current exact moment — you cant do it, cus there is no way to predict which one party leader will choose to play (but you can create ye own game and wait few hours for people to connect to you). Also this influences other side of game — you can pick two of many special abbilities, which are good on some levels and bad on other and there is no way to understand what to take with you since you have no idea where gonna go.Now a bit about classes balance. Warrior is beyond patheticness. Seriously, this guy is slow, his dodge ability requires charge and have direction restrictions. Autoattacks damage is very low, so he needs 3-4 of those to wipe one single smallest enemy. He isnt able to do anything cus mostly have to fight in melee combat with only one aoe damage skill. And some monsters can two shot you. The other problem — you must click mouse button once to execute each swing of your weapon, which is just lame and requires button mashing your mouse. While mage have 7 active AoE spells, 2 crowd controlls and mostly one shots any monster. Yes mage also can simply push and hold attack button to land spells non stop.Now a bit more about coop. There is almost no way to get fun of your team, cus when you destroy their food, deal damage to them by enviroment or corner (preventing any movement) — this leads to their funny death, but also will make others members to die, cus monsters dont care about your dumb fun jokes, they simply kill you. And when everyone dies, you will have to replay SAME level WITHOUT any random generation. Dont take me wrong — game is nice, there is lots of secret areas, nice graphics, many hard situations to overgo, but playing same area over and over and over... You cant just revive mates like in Left 4 Dead 2, nooo,  you gonna suffer. It is very interesting to play each stage for the first time, since there is special traps and logical 'mini games', but only for once.Between levels you can spend gathered gold to buy stuff. Each class has his own treasury chest so you have to actuall play (farm a lot)with that hero, before gearing him up. Yet, that gear changes visuals only, and getting 2 active skills pretty easy task, so we can say: there is no shop at all and no progression. Now about achievements — all heroes have the same types of them, so if you gonna play some hero for a long time, you will get lots of nice bonuses, but have to repeat it it for every one else. Anyway, they wount change game flow even a bit, they exist just to exist.Right now i would not recomend it for solo players or those who seek fun with random people. It also lags a bit on lava levels even on minimum settings, so you have to get better pc then my'n (iCore5 3000Hz, 4gb ram, 2gb video gts 640, windows 7).Again — this is good game and i LIKE it, but right now its not ready to take a place in our heart. Have to wait and see what ddevs gonna change."
,Recommended,258970,20347320,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MrEleven1181,"Love this game, hack and slash arcade fun a must buy for people who like these type of games."
76561197971192496,Not Recommended,258970,17600727,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Midian808,"Originally the game was good, solid fun (in ""co-op"" - the quotes are becuase this IS Gauntlet so co-operative play where you as an individual get to WIN)It didn't have the ""randomised"" dungeons of the original, but it had a neat progression system (Masteries), that rewarded certain actions in game, meaning the more you played, the better you got.Now we have the ""Slayer Edition"" - which is the version they will be releasing on consoles. So what are the improvments?They removed the Masteries.Yep - the ONE feature that set this game apart and they took it out.I want my old game back :("
76561198009702779,Recommended,258970,30774834,Posted: 27 March,all,Bard,"This is a great adaptation of the arcade classic, I'd actually go as far as to say it's the best incarnation of Gauntlet yet. Great fun with three friends, Gauntlet boasts a ton of replayability, there's a nice variation of useful weapons and items to unlock for each character as well as a whole bunch of aesthetic goodies including a daily challenge to unlock new cloaks. The combat is surprisingly deep, both the valkyrie and warrior play in a typically hack and slash style with the warrior boasting more health and brutal offensive capabilities while the valkyrie has a slightly more tactical, defensive style. The elf plays completely differently to both however, utilising twin stick shooter style controls and a nice array of tricks and traps, but it's the wizard that steals the show for me. Three of his attack buttons represent three elements that can be mixed and matched to create nine different spell effects similar to the spell system in Magicka (another great Arrowhead game) to begin with this spell system seems complex but once you master the intricacies of how to cast on the fly the wizard becomes incredibly powerful, utilising both crowd control and damage dealing to the party's benefit. My only gripe with the game and it is a very small one is that the campaign is somewhat short, however thanks to Gauntlet's pick up and play nature it boasts a ton of replayability, especially if you have three friends who are interested in some arcade, dungeon delving.Definitely worth a purchase, don't overlook this arcade gem and if you enjoy it then it's worth looking into Arrowhead's online co-op twin stick shooter Helldivers as they're both quite similar and definitely well worth owning."
76561198000737111,Recommended,258970,12848820,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Wease,Fun to play. More fun playing with friends.
,Not Recommended,258970,12216889,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,"There's something wrong with this game - and I'm still not sure what it is.Is it well-balanced, fun? YepNow that's out of the way - there's a few very odd design decisions.In putting in the ubiquitous levelling up, story, background and achievements, they've missed something of the original and the sequels - its ""open world"" feel. All of the dungeons are built to a very specific standard and focus you tightly down the next ""surprise"". Even if that's not explained to you what the surprise is - three times I had to return to the hub purely because I'd not done what the designer expected me to.It feels very much like a 2010 game in that all of your choices are made for you and drilled in from the start. There's no discovery curve as sort, just a line of achievements that act as little red ticks from the teacher.Saying that, it's still fun - all of the characters have a different style, the key sound is there - but it's definitely lost some of its charm. DEATH is now an enviromental hazard, Ghosts are now missiles of a sort; and it's set around Boss Monsters rather than Hordes - like every other game.7/10 - Treading the same old path rather than creating a new style.minus another point until they fix issues like swapping characters between games, swapping screen size and swapping keyboard controls. It will get a recommended when that's fixed."
,Not Recommended,258970,12211986,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Doomkitten!,"This game is incredibly fun if you play it with a group of friends. The gameplay has just enough to it to keep it interesting in ways other than just a simple 8-way shooter, while remaining comfortably familiar to anyone that's ever played the classic Gauntlet games.  With friends, it's a fabulous romp that's well worth the admission fee.However... How did anyone miss the glaring obvious ""Elf can run AND shoot"" imbalance?  The usual ""the other classes have different strengths"" argument will come out, which might be true, but the elf can run, attack AND still be picking up all the gold while every other class has to choose between fighting and looting.   Unfortunately, with the end level 'scores' active, it is a poor thing to have as wildly an imbalancing play option as that.Hopefully it will improve, because right now I'm not pleased with the open multiplayer balance.  Any competent Elf (that plays selfishly, as the game seems to intend) will make every other player feel like their time spent playing was wasted.  That's a real shame on this otherwise good game.If you play solo, or with a group of cool people on regular occasions, then consider this a recommended game. Otherwise... I cannot recommend this game simply because of this imbalance issues."
,Not Recommended,258970,12212932,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,L. Johnson,"Giant hordes of monsters or low health pools. Pick one. Delays on everything? Yes, I would like to die every time I try to use a skill. Flavorless stone walls and caves? Whoop-de-frickin'-doo, every game has those. I need Dark Legacy to wash this♥♥♥♥♥♥aftertaste out."
,Recommended,258970,16569949,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jinkory,Awesome game. Just my type of hack and slash game. Fast paced game. Just need more dungeons and more boss mechanics.
,Not Recommended,258970,12249483,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crayons,"I'd take Hammerwatch over this any day. It's extremely boring and repetitive yet I've only played for two hours. Each class is pretty dull, there's no class switching during the game and you can only have one character per class in a game. Also, you can't even join games that are already in progress. All in all, it looks great, but plays poorly. This game just isn't for me."
,Not Recommended,258970,12250674,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,GentlemanBastard,"I've played the Gauntlet games since I had an NES as a kid.  Between the original and Gauntlet: Dark Legacy I put many many cherished hours into these games.  They were difficult and intricate.  The one thing they lacked was a significant difference between the characters.  This game has that--which I like--I never understood why every character had ranged attacks in previous installments.  That's all it has over the older Gauntlets.  The warrior is purely melee (and the worst class), the Valkyre is primarily melee with limited ranged attacks (and is the second worst class), and the wizard and archer are ranged powerhouses.It took just a few hours to beat the game solo on normal difficulty.There's no real leveling system, just gold to be spent on either gear (whose availability is dependant on what levels you've beaten on what difficulty, plus you have to pay for them) or Relics (which are not unique to your character).It's kind of fun, and I'm still waiting for my friends to install their copies so I can try three or four player mode, but it's not worth the price tag of $15 or $20."
,Recommended,258970,23769111,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,June,"I bought this when the Steam Summer 2016 sale was on however I had it in my wishlist for quite some time expecting to pay full price when things got calmer irl.I bought it so my fiancee and I could play together and because I remember playing the arcade version and falling in love with it.My fiancee doesn't play games at all other than a few Match-3s on her phone. She was hooked by Gauntlet and bugged me to play. We managed to get 6 hours in on one day and that is from a woman who doesn't really have much interest in games anymore.If you have a friend to play with locally this game is absolutely amazing. The difficulty pushes the casual player to want to continue and kick some♥♥♥♥♥ The outcome from playing that impressed me the most is the drive from my fiancee to beat a failed stage even though we got our asses handed to us. This is often not the case with casual gamers who will generally quit once thing seem too difficult. She was determined to continue to finish a dungeon.The graphics are amazing although if you're playing on a TV (Steam Link, as we were), it's incredibly easy to lose sight of your character. Your character is incredibly small when not playing solo in front of a PC screen which does unfortunately cause us to sit uncomfortably close to the TV screen and even then it is naturally hard to see where you character is in the midst of combat. Unfortunately changing the resolution of the game does not remedy this and will only scale down the entire image and not 'expand' like most games will.If you are looking for a game you can play with someone sitting on your couch, this is most definately one of the best you'll ever find.They have done the Gauntlet title well with the release of this game."
,Recommended,258970,20310768,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Arkade,"Fulfils all my childhood appreciation of the original... plus added character ability depth ... *ESPECIALLY* for the wizard (my old favourite).  I was rather daunted to play him on seeing his new spell selection but fear not, he is Teh Awesome!!11!So, yep, if you enjoyed the original, grab some friends and start shooting the food.  ... um,  I mean spawners ;-)In fact, the only thing missing is they've tried to improve some of the phrases and made them a little less memorable -- compare ""the 'wize' wizard destroyed the turkey"" (or whatever it is -- see!  I've forgotten it already!)  But who can forget eveyone's recrimination on...""Red Wizard shot the food"";-)p.s. First time I've written a Steam review.  That's gotta say something (after owning only a mere 100-odd games!)"
76561198067563194,Recommended,258970,31989611,Posted: 26 May,all,Universal Gamer,"Yes it is fun in the intital playthrough,Yes it maintains it to a point on 'Endless Mode'.Unless you have a stable group to run the 'Endless Mode' with, it does get tedious and blasé.It's not to say it's not good, just only really worth it if you buy it cheap enough.-Universal Gamer"
76561198041623008,Recommended,258970,30301651,Posted: 3 March,all,Brocolixo,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing , playing alone is fun and playing with your best friends is even better"
,Recommended,258970,19355778,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cierex,I shot the food :/
76561198083823942,Recommended,258970,24190375,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DarkNero,Definitely a game to play on free times but  i do not recommend to play it solo
76561197981580855,Recommended,258970,12228662,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Czarkasm,"I know I have like no time in this on my account, but I've been waiting for ages for it! grew up playing any and all iterations of Gauntlet, probably one of my favorite titles of all time. The sheer fun of plowing through dungeons with friends is a blast, and the controller support feels great, and Im super biased on controllers for PC for some silly reason x.x  Even on keyboard, this game captures the feeling of pure arcade fun.So far, Very addicting, I'll be racking up lots of time here. I just spent the last 12 hours playing on the couch with a new acquantaince and we totally bonded to Gauntlet haha. I came home and could think of nothing I wanted to do more than tell everyone this game will please! If you're someone who was worried about this being not so great, don't! It feels super natural, the game looks great, the writing is very entertaining, and shoot the food!If you read this and play, add me for some games!!"
,Not Recommended,258970,12215786,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,LeighLeigh911,This doesn't even FEEL like Gauntlet. They changed way too much and it has this Torchlight II rip off kind of vibe. Torchlight II is actually way better compared to this. The voiceovers are HORRIBLE. The style is just strange. Not what I was expecting at all!! I feel like it was a waste of my money. Wasn't worth the price at all! It's barely worth $1 in my eyes because it's just not anything like old school Gauntlet. Someone really allowed Gauntlet to be butchered!They need to look back at like Gauntlet Dark Legacy and bring something like that back with a bit of a more modern twist if they'd like and online co-op compatibilities with that. Not this garbage.Within the first few minutes I found out that they basically rigged it where you need others so you can get through it or so you can destroy everything that is breakable OR you have to repeat the same level over and over and over and over and rely on gold.They could have done SOOOO much with this!!!1) Death should be the original death that was scared away with potions and took away EXP and health.. Not this instant death crap.2) Potions should be useable right away as welllll magic potions!3) Loot should only be visible to the player in front of the screen so there isn't any fighting between actual people.4) There should be an in game chat for it. I've heard plenty of people complaining about this and I haven't found out for myself yet but I don't think I will anyways.5) The coins thing to revive yourself is a neat idea but I think when in co-op mode other players should be able to run over and revive you no matter what even if it's just a small amount of health and when you're playing alone it should more of the coin based thing or else each person should have their own coins but NOOO! They have to share coins to revive... Lame.6) They should have gotten better voice actors and actresses!!!7) The weapons.. Oh come on... With hoards. I miss the old style Gauntlet where they threw the weapons! Now they don't throw the weapons! So sad!8) They should have the level up system like Gauntlet Dark Legacy where the outfit changed as you got stronger and you got a little ally to help out once you reached like lvl 50 or whatever it was! Not this buy your gear bs. It's not even worth it.9) There should be more customization to the characters!!!!! The woman looks like a darn tank who had her eye shoveled out. -.-Anddd there's a whole lot more I could go on about but I figure this is enough for one review...I am not pleased. Severely disappointed!!!!I hope my friends don't waste their money.
,Recommended,258970,21530387,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,hentai_priest,"The overall Gauntlet experience can vary between a fun and addictive arcade dungeon crawler and an infuriating, unfair challenge, entirely depending on whether or not you play it in co-op."
,Recommended,258970,21797828,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,awp,"It's not just marketing talk when they say this Gauntlet is a completely new experience. I've put hundreds of hours into Gauntlet Legends on the N64, and quite a few into Dark Legacy on the gamecube. I had expectations going into this game.This is a very different game.Is it fun? Yes. It's a good game, and it's fun. We'll get that out of the way first. However, it's nothing like classic Gauntlet games. Each of the classes play very differently; they're not just different allocations of stats. As a matter of fact, there really is no notion of ""stats"" in this game: there's no leveling, no character progression.The only difference in a start-game and end-game character is what gear you have equipped - most of which is only for aesthetic purposes. You have 3 important pieces of gear: Your weapon, an accessory that changes what your potions do, and a relic that gives you an extra cooldown-based ability. The only mechanical difference in your weapons is what your special ability does (in the case of the wizard it seems like ability sets rather than a single ability). More expensive weapons don't mean more damage, more range, or anything like that.Levels in this game vary widely in how long they take. Some only take a couple minutes. Others take up to 10. There also aren't too many levels in the game, and there are only 3 bosses, but all the bosses have very different mechanics.The bottom line is that it's a short but sweet game. I have trouble finishing 4 player co-op games with friends due to conflicting schedules and waning interests, but we had no problem sticking this one out. You can easily get through it your first time in 3 to 6 hours."
76561197987704222,Not Recommended,258970,25559008,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Forthias,"Bought a 4-pack and wish I could refund it. The multiplayer is awful, you all share the same screen like in Broforce, made sense for 1985, not in 2016. To make it worse all your progression is tied to your gold, which people can use the screen to kill you for and take when you die. Mix that with most of the classes dying in 1-2 hits and it's just not fun. There's absolutely no excuse as to why any modern game should make you share the same camera over the internet. Add in the fact that there's a necromancer add-on that focuses around using dead enemies to summon friendly skeletons, but there's a charm that everyone else can use to do the same thing and make your necromancer abilities worthless, and you've got a lot of head scratching in a game that should be a blast.All of that said, the single player is quite fun, just don't plan on having any sort of fun online with 4 players. Everyone just skips the monsters and pulls the camera ahead so you can't see and collects gold since there's 0 incentive to kill anything in this game, another huge flaw. It needs some sort of exp system to punish players for just skipping to the end of each floor."
76561198072258223,Not Recommended,258970,25556977,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BravoTwoZero,"This game is OK when played with friends, but is an awful online experience. Being basically the opposite of what Helldivers offers, where you really have to contribute as a team member to survive, playing Gauntlet public games is anything but cooperative. Terrible idea to make coins and food individual, meaning everyone is rushing to get as much as possible. That kills the whole coop idea making games competitive where they should not be.As for game fighting mechanics, although there are couple of interesting solutions, and it is kept simple, the overall fight is to hectic and chaotic."
76561198069462345,Not Recommended,258970,12685939,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Splashking72,"I had never played any of the Gauntlet series in the past but my friend was a BIG TIME fan of the series and convinced me to buy this game on release. We started playing and at first nostalgia struck for my friend, but after that it just became the same thing over and over again. To start we ended up beating the entire game on hard difficulty in only a few hours. Every level was pretty much the same design with the same type of monsters with just graphical differences. It was almost like they imported the same monsters same soul stones and just made them look different. The bosses on the other hands were sometimes buggy and not very challenging at all. We found that the first boss we fought was significantly harder than the last one. So far you would think this is a decent game with a few repetetive things that might be a little too easy. But that's not the worst of it. After you build up all yours coins you can buy a few ""relics"" that really don't do much to help you and usually you forget all about them anyways, but the worst part is that you can spend all your hard earned coins on ""Armor and weapons"" WHICH ARE PURELY COSMETIC! If they actually had a bonus or made you better. With all that said let's go over the pros and cons once again.CONS-Way too easy unless you're playing the hardest difficultyFound some graphical bugs that made me have to restart mid-gameHardly any puzzles non of which are challengingNothing of value to spend your coins on making collecting them kind of pointlessLazy level design with more of the same things you've already seen with a graphical revampPROS-A decent co-op experince even if it's too easyPretty good graphics all aroundVery Diverse characters and abilities- CONCLUSIONI wouldn't recommend buying this game because it does not nearly live up to the hype, but if you are a hardcore Gauntlent fan and really must have it I'd say wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,258970,25604025,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Zero Summ,"A Great LAN/Co-op Game.Pros:It's a great party game. Probably the most fun part aside from working together to smash the hordes of evil, is everyone being greedy ♥♥♥♥♥es.It is a worthy successor to the Gauntlet series. It takes the classic formula and streamlines it for the current generation of games.5 battle classes. Each class plays differently and feels unique. (Necromancer might be additional DLC depending on what edition you have.)Customization options for each character. Armor & clothes options are available for each character at substantial cost of in-game currency.Game runs well, and has a decent amount of graphical options. (Also, has 21:9 display support)Characters will banter with one another throughout the game. It's a nice touch, and usually enjoyable. Voice acting is generally well done.Neutral:With a base price of $20USD, it's about what I'd expect content wise. No way I'd pay more than $20 for this game. Get it on steam sale if you can.If you're planning on buying this to play by yourself, you should probably just skip it. It's great as a co-op experience, but pretty stale as a single player one.Cons:Lots of reused assets. Enemy variance gets stale after awhile. When you really boil it down, the game is 3 levels worth of assets, and each of those levels have a new set of enemies. Sprinkle a handfull of bosses on top. That's about it.The final boss is disproportionately hard compared to the rest of the game."
76561197971050775,Recommended,258970,17667463,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Galadur,"So good! Arcade stile, 4 player coop and skilled fun for the ""brave""! :) After the 2.0 patch, it's even better! More variate and more fun in the dungeon of Gauntlet... Get it NOW!"
,Recommended,258970,18141010,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Pros:- Hack N' Slash without the ARPG inventory or skill point management- Interesting choice of classes- Gold that is actually useful- Buy magic items you can upgrade and new weapons- Cool cosmetic items you can earn with gold or without gold for kicking♥♥♥♥♥in colleseum- Decent challenge requiring skilled gameplay at times- Some cool boss fights- Camera is usually not an issueCons:- Necromancer locked behind additional dlc purchase- Getting kicked even when playing well or instead of another player that is actually griefing/afk- Use of stale ""doge"" meme crossed with spiderman reference- Warrior's annoying comments about his addiction to ""rack of lamb""- All main bosses have invulnerable states, sometimes just standing around and doing nothing while none of the characters say anything- off screen ranged enemies / casters"
76561198043663357,Recommended,258970,18124379,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,PaleMimic,"As someone who never played the original Gauntlet titles I was curious to see what made it such a popular series. With 9 titles exisiting dating way back to 1985 I felt I needed to experience this title which dated back through the decades.Now this iteration of the game, as is customary with the other 9 games in the series (or so the wikipedia page tells me), is a hack'n'slash, dungeon crawler. A formula that I somewhat enjoy, having played things like Torchlight as well as Path of Exile, alongside several other games.In this title there are a four different classes to choose from, including a warrior (bashy bashy type class), a valkyrie (sort of like the warrior but with a Captain America-like shield which can be thrown), an Elf (who can shoot stuff and throw bombs) and finally a wizard (who has a range of spells and I've also spent most the time playing). Their skills sets are all fairly versatile ranging from the mere axe swinging antics of the warrior to room clearing fireballs with the wizard. You can also buy upgrades for each class by collecting enough gold in each dungeon level. These upgrades range from several relics, which all classes can use, and vary from radial freezing abilities to summoning gargoyles to fight with you. Alongside the relics you can also buy new weapons which grant your character different abilities, class dependant of course. And of course you can buy cosmetic items to change the look of your class. Do you feel the wizard isn't Gandalf-y enough for you? Buy him a pointy hat. Or is the warrior too scantily clad for your tastes? Then buy him some armour. Each class has about three different cosmetic options for both the head and the body. Armours, hoods, capes and hats. Take your pick. You can also unlock capes by beating numerous waves of enemies in the colosseum, which I tell you now is no easy feat.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall I'd say this latest iteration of Gauntlet has many of the elements that dungeon crawling, hack'n'slash titles have and need. If you've played the other Gauntlet titles or have played titles such as Torchlight or Diablo etc this is definitley worth a look. Good day!"
76561198017699322,Not Recommended,258970,17694657,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Insufferable Smartypants,"Removal of the passive defenses hurt the feel of heroic fantasy this game had.  Now you feel less like the tough warrior and the nimble elf, and more like common Joes duped into rushing into a dungeon to die.It was already a mostly failed attempt at re-creating the feel of the original Gauntlet.  Slayer edition did a lot of good, but this last change really was a nail in the coffin of the game's fun."
,Not Recommended,258970,18097051,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Double D,"Bought a 4 pack to play with my friends, continuously disconnects in the middle of the game.Wouldn't recommend this game, since it's meant to be played in a group.Hope they'll fix the connection issue, game looks like it had potential."
,Not Recommended,258970,17621351,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,OAZA SPOKOJU,"Not being able to upgrade your character through any skill tree or achievments is a bad thing. After update you earn gold that is useless after some time because you have everything you wanted. It's probably great to pass it once, but it's cool when you feel that you chracter is progressing anyhow. Now it's been taken totally from us."
76561198002078789,Not Recommended,258970,17748445,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SpazzROS,"To those looking for an experience reminiscent of the old-school Gauntlet: Legends, reconsider your purchase. Legends is one of the first quarter-feed games I ever devoted myself to, so when I saw Gauntlet: Slayer Edition, I bought the game without hesitation. Not the best $20 I ever spent. Bearing in mind I wasn't expecting an exact replica of GL, other than the four base characters and the famous ""don't shoot the food"" rule (though it is incessently drilled into your head every time it happens), I did not find much connection to the classic.The game mechanics are simple and easy, which makes for great playability, and the multiplayer factor is has not been lost in this edition; the more, the merrier. Single player is actually quite difficult on its hardest setting due to limited control input and the room to room top-down action (which reminded me more of SmashTV rather than Gauntlet) makes thinning the horde a bit more difficult without the ability to efficiently bottle-neck as you could in GL. Character upgrades are limited only to item purchases (NO LEVEL UP?? IS THIS GAUNTLET??) and is rather unexciting.An okay dungeon crawler. Finding a better one to enjoy with friends is not difficult.Devoted Gauntlet: Legends fans; walk away."
76561197977750775,Recommended,258970,35270527,Posted: 28 September,all,Hunter S. Thompson,"Just started playing it but i really love it. Its on sale for 5 bucks and thats totally worth it!One thing to say though: I am playing it on my lap top with a 940m with 1gb of VRAM and i have it on lowest graphic settings and also reduced the resolution to 1600x900. With this setup the fpd still sometimes drop slightly below 30 fps when there are many monsters on the screen. I find the ""recommended requirements"" a bit misleading as i cannot imagine how bad it would run if I had the 512mb gpu like they said would be ok."
76561197972384327,Recommended,258970,18462498,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Blueridgeline,"As a family, we play this for up to one hour daily between supper and bath time. Once our little necromancer and Valkyrie are tucked in for the night, my wife and I will usually fire it back up and knock out the Colosseum of the day. Or at least try too. I wish there were more games like this. There are only a few games that are four player local co-op with this kind of pick up and play playabilty."
76561197984385489,Recommended,258970,12845991,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SandApple,Everything you want it to be and worth every penny
76561198052308999,Recommended,258970,18398680,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,NotJustHim,"Gauntlet is a game worth devoting yourself into for at least a 100h. There is so much more skill and variety than meets the eye. It's one of those games that is easy to get into, but at the same time hard to master. Gauntlet also has great replay value with several weapons on each class, several campaign difficulties and an endless mode. It's a game that is largely based on co-op, but at the same time a game in which there is a huge difference bettween a skilled player and a newbie. Meaning, this is a great co-op game, but also a challeging while not frustraring, at least for the most part, single player game.If you're into games that have a lot of replay value, collectibles, take skill and have a rather ''existant'' community, then by all means buy gauntlet.All that aside, it's also a fun game to just mess around in with a few buddies on a lazy weekend.As a final note, this review is not say that gauntlet is a perfect game. It has its cons, bugs and there are things in the game which may seem ''slightly overpowered'' to newer players and some veterans alike. But when you look past all the non-sense some people claim about class balance issues, there lies a game worth investing time into.Tl;Dr +1"
76561197966696585,Recommended,258970,24650917,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Chilblain,Great fun with friends. Reminds me of the original arcade game rather than the N64 game.
,Recommended,258970,17518189,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,gamelounge78,"Compared to the original Gauntlet for Steam, Gauntlet: Slayer Edition is exactly what I wanted since Gauntlet: Dark Legacy.  This game allows you to move forward and progress as you work to build your weapons and armor.  There are plenty of monsters to fight and at the same time it's never a dull and dry level.  The graphics are very nice in detail and under Windows 10, the game just overall has a smoother experience of gameplay.  I highly recommend this game if you want to invite friends over to play!"
,Recommended,258970,19727125,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TheJDHybrid,"fantastic remake of a classic - if you are a fan of the original, id highly recommend it"
,Recommended,258970,20510780,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Purana SSJ Blue,Note: I only review when I finish the game.A fun and hard game. With some puzzles and good to be played coop. Epic boss battles and please don't kill the food! 8.5/10
,Recommended,258970,17529122,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,David Choe,"This game is fun to play with a couple of friends as you comb through carefully crafted dungeons. Hordes of enemies block your path but with skill, teamwork and a little bit of luck you can make your way out - getting rich on the way."
,Not Recommended,258970,17032701,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,krix,"Gauntlet looks like an amazing arpg at first, but it happens to be extremely repetitive.There are only 3 different environments, no other weapons, no real inventory and the kind of maps you are exploring are always the same for every cave. This is what killed the game for me.The graphics are nice and the game feels good, but it is very short lasting. For me it was kind of fun for about 2 hours, then it became annoying.Buy it only if you really love simplistic arpgs and arcade games and if it is on a heavy discount!"
76561198036655447,Not Recommended,258970,17078983,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Keet,"I load up gauntlet, expecting the fun and exciting adventure I had when my brother and I played on the nintendo 64 and Playstation 2. I wanted the exciting inventory items, the new powers and skills that came with levelling up, magical artifacts, powers, shopping and super attacks. Instead I got a slighlty upgraded version of the original nintendo. It...was fun at first, but it got so boring, so repetitive. The tiny character models, the uninspired levels, the boring enemies, bosses that left no real feeling of accomplishment and the ""store"" carries objects that cost a fortune to buy and barely offer anything to modify or alter gameplay or your character.If you own gauntlet on the nintendo 64 or on the playstation then just stick to that and pass this one over. It is a retro game, but you lose alot when you strip away all the updates and ideas that came with the incredibly addictive modern gauntlet games.Let this game sit with gauntlet seven sorrows as it is just as dull and bland."
76561198135286047,Not Recommended,258970,18075530,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,DelialFallen,"Really wish they would have stuck to the old Gantlet format.  I was very disappointed in this game and didn't find it very fun at all,.  Even when playing with a friend in co-op, the game is lacking, the voice acting is dismal, the level designs are obtuse, and some of the enemy types (such as the redudent spectre) are merely cheesy.Not recommended."
76561198067506433,Recommended,258970,19989406,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Grunner,"A polished, modern version of an arcade classic, Gauntlet is pretty much what you expect. If you ever played the free game ""Dead Nation"" for the PS - it's that, but with swords & magic.Enemies swarm you in groups, some are tougher & pose more of a challenge to kill so you need to move around a lot and control the flow of encounters. Timing when to pop your potion, relic or ability can be crucial to not losing control and key-bashing in a panic.Pretty linear design, with a few basic puzzles. There are also a few very dark levels & this is where the game shines, shrouding rooms & hallways in black, as well as any monsters & obstacles.Choose different characters when you get bored because it can be a bit grindy. They all have varied abilities & play styles, and can suit different roles in the battlefield depending how you deck them out. If boredom persists, nudge up the difficulty. For me, I never really feel like I have 'mastered' any one character, so I guess the challenge (& game longevity) is whatever you make it.Great multiplayer support & even has a shared-screen LAN co-op mode from the PS port."
,Recommended,258970,12226037,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Superunknown,"I picked up the 2014 version of Gauntlet. I've given the game 15 hours so far since its release so I believe I can make an honest assessment of game from both the nostalgic (I put at least $300 into the original arcade version) and modern game design and playing perspectives. Keep in mind I play this with a keyboard and mouse (Razer Naga).The Good1. The game play and design are polished with a few exceptions. The game feels like Gauntlet in 2014 and that is a good thing. The same run around, find keys, open doors, get potions, and the characters and narrator are all there from the original. What has changed is the fun factor and a much shorter game. The characters do more, they are flashier and more unique, and they feel solid when played. Questor the Elf definitely has the easiest playstyle, followed by Thyra the Valkyrie, Thor the Warrior, and finally Merlin the Wizard who is definitely the hardest to play.2. I found myself enjoying Thyra for the best balance of defense and offense. Thyra has great movement, can block any attack (yes any, even the end boss), and has a great offense as well. I suggest for starting players if you want to get into the fray, choose Thyra first.3. The mastery levels are nice touch and I really like how they build your character up. You have to choose before you go in whether you are going for no deaths or to dying a million times on purpose.4. $20 is about the perfect price for the game. I can honestly say I am glad I bought it.The (Somewhat) Bad1. Numerous bugs still exist in the game (crashes at times, sound cuts out, visual bugs). Luckily these aren't game-breaking.2. The camera tries hard to be there for you but currently it leads to more deaths than to give you a clear view of the game. In reality I wish each player had their own screen to look at (e.g. Diablo 3) versus the 3/4-view that traps players.3. Not being able to check your mastery progression at any time in the game is very annoying. A key to do this needs to be added.4. Merlin plays too much like Magicka (another Arrowhead product). I programmed my Razer Naga to switch between the nine spells he has and it then became much easier to play. My guess is a lot of other people are going to do the same thing.5. Cosmetic items are essentially worthless. I'd rather see that you have to buy new gear with better attributes after finishing a difficulty to do better in the harder difficulties than have just a look that nobody cares about.6. Mastery progression is way too high of a curve at times - it's a ploy for replay value. I do not want to go from 2,000 to 8,000 just for 5% more of an attribute.7. The game is too short. Normal is completed within 5 hours with a halfway decent team of players. Hopefully Arrowhead now that they have our money have a plan for future content.8. You are forced into being only one of the four characters. While this mimics the original arcade, in this day and age I shouldn't be forced to play Merlin if I don't want to. Again, this needs to be changed to allow multiple people to live out their Legolas dreams if they wish.The Ugly1. The game has no way to chat with other players so you spend a lot of your time in public games using the emotes to try and cajole other players to go the way they need to go, or for you to move due to the camera getting you stuck.2. The world leader-board was hacked within one hour of release. Currently there are players hacking to over 1.9 trillion points in single player mode. Arrowhead has yet as of this review to respond to a plan to either secure the boards or (as I've suggested on the Steam forums) remove them entirely until they have a way to fix them.ConclusionIf you are looking for a game that can help you pass some time and is casual, then Gauntlet is definitely the kind of game to lead to a night of fun. If you are looking for something more robust and long-term then this is not the game you are looking for; I would suggest another Action RPG such as Path of Exile or Diablo 3."
,Not Recommended,258970,12246150,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[GFR] Solidmonkey,"Looking for a fun, multiplayer arena brawler for friends?  Then move along.  There are far better ones out there.Gauntlet was about frantically running around a maze, fighting off the oncoming hoard of enemies, and trying to seek an exit.  Gauntlet Legends was about exploring stages, over the top attacks, huge bosses, and playing as a chicken.New Gauntlet is about walking around muddy-brown areas that all look the same, getting into one locked arena after another until you reach the end.  Occassionally you have to run from Death and his wonky hit box.  Seriously, though.. all previous Gauntlets are bright, gaudy affairs.  This one is all browns and greys.Most egregious to me, though, is that the game can't detect my PS2 Dual Shock 2 controller.  That's not that it detects it and won't let me remap buttons, but that the game says ""is this a 360 controller? No? Then there is no controller"".  Which is a load of crap in the modern world of PC gaming.And while spell slinging as the Wizard can be fun, there's a game out there that can do it better (Magicka).  In fact, any good point I can think of about Gauntlet is done better by another game."
,Recommended,258970,12228336,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,damo,"Really fun game to play with friends, lives up to the classic Atari version I played back in my childhood while adding some fun new elements and sexy graphics! Definitely recommend it.GREEN ELF NEEDS FOOD BADLY"
,Recommended,258970,12231091,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ickie•°,"WoW!!!!!What can i say,apart from what an awesome job they have done here,not only was the Original Arcade Coin Op Smash,a massive hit for around five/six years after its release,circa 1985,it was the first four player game i came across,we had two players already with Konami's Track n field,but this was THE first co-op(as today we call it)multiplayer!,you couldn't fit four fat kids around a Gauntlet machine though!..haha,I can see im going to get sidetracked here,so ill keep this short,,,,,GO BUY IT!!!! WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!?you will not be disapointed....10/10...Someone said to me yesterday oh wow it sure looks like abit of diablo2/3?!i couldnt believe my ears!,im old enough to have played on the '85 version many times,so to hear that i was astounded!this is THE Original that ALL the others have copied so if you see something in this game,you know where it originaly came from!!....go get a slice of HISTORY!.....im getting back to my game....Game has had many updates since i bought+reviewed this,still feels good,and is best played with friends just like the original."
,Recommended,258970,12229696,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Princess Amber,"Really fun way to bring back the series!! Lots of fun with friends, but it's quite difficult on your own. Hope we see DLC relating to Legends/Dark Legacy.EDIT: After beating it I have to say, it's a good game but it has it's share of flaws. It does get a bit repiditive and there isn't much variety in terms of sceneary and such."
,Recommended,258970,14010079,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,HaroldoNVU,"Good game to play with friends, not bad to play on public matches either. That's just great arcade fun. It's pick up and play, don't worry about levels and quests, anything to worry like that. It's a bit short, but it's one of those games that are meant to be replayed many times over. They did a nice job on differentiating the character's playstyle, the Elf being the closest to the classic Gauntlet games and the wizard being the most challenging reminiscent of Magicka or Dota's Invoker. Steam Workshop support would make this a must have."
,Not Recommended,258970,12227388,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,bberry,"Hmm. Where to begin....Going into this (maybe I should've done more research) I was expecting something similar to previous gauntlet games, where you crawl through long and unique dungeons, slaying everything in your path.  While they did achieve the 'slaying everything in your path' part, everything else was really lackluster.  And I mean everything.First, after beating the first little section in about 10 minutes, I looked around the main base and saw that there there were only 11 other sections like this.  Which meant that this game wasn't going to be a long one.However, it was pretty fun.  In the post-section report, I saw that after playing a bunch, I could increase some traits for my abilities.  Kind of neat.  Then I saw how little they actually impacted game play.  Sad...After racking up some gold, I went to the shopkeeping dude in the base.  I looked at his wares, to find he has some little trinkets that I could buy and upgrade. Cool! After looking through the 12 or so items, I realized that thats it.  Thats literally all that there is for character advancement.  No levelling.  Just trinkets, and grinding (mediocre at best) skill advancements through gameplay.Frustrated, I buy some random gargoyle thing and move on.  Diving into all the rest of the sections in this act were all the same.  The first level is always just a single path you run thru and kill stuff.  The 2nd is always an arena-like area.  The 3rd is the boss.  We get to the first boss, hes pretty fun, moderately challenging, an appropriate third boss.All the while, I'm just hoping that this game gets better.  My friend and I play through the 2nd act, get to the boss, and its laughably easy.  Seems silly.  Whatever.Finally, we get to the 3rd act.  I've upgraded my trinkets, they're both pretty bad.  I spend all my time drudging through these dungeons, finding hoards of gold to spend it on a couple of trinkets that I end up never using anyway.Beat the 3rd boss.  Somewhat interesting boss fight, but then it's game over.  Beat the whole thing in about 3 hours.This game isn't worth 20 dollars.  I'd say wait until its on a super sale and pay 5 dollars.  I bought a game called hammerwatch for 5 dollars and have had more enjoyment and more content/gameplay. Sad. :("
,Not Recommended,258970,12231291,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,|| Nerf ||,"Pretty had for this day and age. Sure their are some fun aspects of the game.. but after you get tied of the endless tomb stones there is nothing left. ""Masteries"" are just passive buffs you get for playing the game nothing more.  Don't even both with this game unless you have 3 other friends to play with it."
76561197983323833,Not Recommended,258970,12255818,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,*COG* Salamander,"This should have been a hit and full of nostalgia for me, I played the original arcade game back in high school and enjoyed later iterations both in the arcade and on consoles but this version is not very good.To start with, why on Earth can you not use a native resolution of 1920x1080? In this day and age it's inexcusable to not let us do so. LCD monitors are not meant to be played in sizes other than native, it makes the screen slightly blurry and if you have a monitor like mine it will tell you that every time you start the game.The lack of resolution options alone is enough to kill this game but it also has poor voice acting, the close-up models and especially the Valkyrie look terrible (one can argue that she does not need to be the 'uberbabe' she was in previous versions but at least make the close-ups look decent), the keys cannot be rebound which is another bone-headed move, and as you can see I did not play all that much but the dungeon design is limited and uninspired.Gauntlet was one of the best coop games ever made, and the newer versions like legacy were amazing and despite the simple controls and mechanics were a lot of fun and the dungeons were well done and exciting, this game's only real positive is that at least the various abilites you can use are varied by class, although the wizard can be fiddly and he is much like playing magicka.Unless they patch the resolution at the very least, don't waste your money on this major disappointment."
76561197982989059,Not Recommended,258970,12232940,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,A TIN OF SHED,"if your left handed then do not buy,,you cannot remap keys"
,Not Recommended,258970,12332880,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,mage,"It was fun for a single playthrough, but after beating it once I had no desire to play it again. Not a bad game, just no replayability IMO."
76561198126631608,Recommended,258970,23939984,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KreaByte,If you played the original then you will love this game. Or if you have played any top-down shooters. it's very easy to get into this game. have found 0 glitches. This game is full of chalanging floors of enimeies and you play it your way or with 3 other people. 4 player cop same screen. I  love this game. if your looking for a fun and addictive chalanging game then buy this whil it's on sale now!!!!
,Recommended,258970,18993770,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Snorlax,Got obsessed. 10/10 if you don't want a life.
76561197980156403,Recommended,258970,22507558,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Csta,"A really good game within itself, but much more limited than the original Gauntlet Legends title this game is based on. I thoroughly enjoyed it for about 20 hours and then lost interest entirely. I may come back to it and my review may improve at that point. Not sure. But for now this game gets a 7/10. I do enjoy the built in achievement system that is designed to spark a replayable vibe about the game, but it doesn't quite close the gap for me. I still do recommend people get this game and try it, maybe when it's on sale depending on how patient folks are."
,Recommended,258970,12226356,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,muymra,"Very solid mostly-coop game. Why mostly? Because there's a competitive aspect to it when it comes to scoring. Gold pickups are shared, everything else isn't. In fact, you can pretty much pull all sorts of ♥♥♥♥ery like hogging the food and potions, destroying the food, triggering environmental hazards perhaps out of spite for that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who got you to drop the crown. The crown is pretty inconsequential, it just adds to your score at the end of a level and gives everyone something to brag about.You get skull coins for killing special mobs, and it's these skull coins that count as your ""continue coin"" whenever somebody dies. It's shared among the party so once they're all used up, anyone who dies gets a much longer respawn timer (at least in normal difficulty).Much of the levels involve very simple puzzles and killing lots of monsters. You'll have to work together to destroy spawners but also kill the monster while someone else kites them around.Potions are limited use items that let you activate one of two relics you've equipped which are special abilities. You can activate them via LB or RB (Xbox controller) but the game doesn't really teach you this at the start.The equipment are all cosmetic, but masteries are like achievements that give you passive bonuses as you rank them up. Ranking them up involve all sorts of things like doing certain amounts of damage, killing a number of monsters, using skills, even dying.As of launch week, there is a glaring omission of drop-in/out multiplayer (you can only join at the lobby at the very start), needs somewhat better matchmaking (I kept getting an AFK game host, couldn't find any other games), simple in-game chat or voice would be nice, but I understand why it needed to be left out because you really never know what you're getting into with public groups.TL;DR Solid dungeon coop, ♥♥♥♥ with your friends indirectly. BUY IT. 8/10"
,Recommended,258970,17030317,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Gauntlet is a reboot of the 1985 classic arcade game. The 1985 version was memorable for having four characters: Warrior, Valkyrie, Wizard, and Elf. Many people pour quarter after quarter to play this game since it was so addictive. The four characters are back with the same abilities that will remind Gauntlet veterans of what it was like back in the day.This game offers modes in single player, multiplayer, and four player co-op. You will have to complete three floors of dungeons in each coliseum to unlock new group of floors. The dungeons are diverse enough and you can accidentally shoot foods like in the original. It does get tedious going through the same dungeons after dying and using up skull coins to get a new life. Once you run out of skull coins you will have to start from the first floor regardless of the floor you were in when you died. So, there are no save points on any floor.Gauntlet also tries to be a little RPG by including Masteries. The Masteries represent the progression of the character you have chosen to play. Believe it or not, dying many times is considered an achievement. Other achievements include taking a lot of damage and using specific moves more than others. It looks to me like the character progression turns out not to be that important since the game is about shooting your way through the dungeons.The gameplay is interesting when playing co-op or multiplayer. You can shoot each other by accident with friendly fire and that can cause some interesting friction between the players. The layout of the dungeons contains many cranks that you can turn to be able to advance to other parts of the dungeon. It is necessary to get used to being attacked by packs of monsters. In many cases you will have to destroy shacks that summon the monsters since destroying the shacks is the only way to keep more monsters from coming. Sometimes the sorcerers add to the challenge by regenerating the health of a shack with their staves and it will be up to you to kill the sorcerer before destroying the shack.The controls are easy enough to understand: they are as simple as WASD and the mouse. Playing with ranged characters such as the Elf and the Wizard take more practice than playing with characters that fight in close quarters. I think Gauntlet is more fun when playing either multiplayer or co-op than single player.The people who experience the original Gauntlet will find this reboot entertaining because of the classic characters and the diverse dungeons. However, if you are a diehard RPG fan looking for deep character customization and progression, you may not like Gauntlet as much as the Gauntlet fans. I think that it is best experienced with other players in multiplayer and co-op modes. The single player mode feels a little boring. This reboot looks better than previous iterations of Gauntlet games that were made after that 1985 original.My Score: 7/10"
,Recommended,258970,12384290,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,sickle cell anemia,i ♥♥♥♥ing luv gauntlet holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥i ♥♥♥♥ing luv killin ♥♥♥♥ing monsters
,Recommended,258970,12228894,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,rogermafia,เกมนี้ออกแนว Shooting Zombie มากกว่าแนว Diablo เพราะยืนจั่วไม่ค่อยได้ เพราะตัวเราบาง ศัตรูตีเราไม่กี่ทีตาย ต้องพยายามไม่ให้โดนเลย ไม่มีระบบ Dodge ที่ศัตรูอัดแล้วสุ่มวืดเกมสนุกสำหรับคนชอบแนวนี้ แต่ละตัวละครมีสไตล์การเล่นไม่เหมือนกัน เล่นตัวอื่นก็สนุกคนละแบบชุดที่ให้เปลี่ยน แค่เปลี่ยนลุคตัวละครที่เล็กเท่ามด แทบแยกไม่ออกว่าเปลี่ยนชุดแล้ว ชุดไม่มี status อะไรด้วย ใส่เท่ๆเฉยๆเกมนี้ไม่มีระบบ level แค่ทำ Archievement ได้ก็จะได้อัพสเตตัสบางส่วน สิ่งที่จำเป็นคือเงิน และราคาสกิลและชุดก็ราคาสูง ทำมาเพื่อให้เล่นซ้ำหลายรอบกว่าจะซื้อทุกอย่างได้ครบระบบออนไลน์ร้างมาก เหมือนไม่มีคนซื้อเล่น เพราะ search ไม่เคยเจอ ใครไม่มีเพื่อนก็คิดเผื่อเรื่องเล่นคนเดียวด้วย
76561197978733118,Recommended,258970,12602304,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,trester,"If you want an old-school arcade, casual, kill everything sort of game, this is for you. If you want a video game that fills some deep unrequited need, this game is not for you. That being said, more content would be nice, but you can master this game in a week. The average chapter takes about forty five minutes and there are 12 chapters. So a good Saturday and you have made it through with one character.I recommend using a gamepad rather than the mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,258970,20755864,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Gauntlet (Slayer edition) is a modern remake of the classic hack and slash game many people played in arcades and home systems. Besides being 3d, characters now have gear and special abilities that can be purchased with the gold you find in each dungeon. There are also boss fights and “death” makes a return as a nag character in several levels.Multiplayer is pretty much the reason to own this game and they managed to carry forward the absolutely ruthless competition from the original. You will be sprinting to steal gold and deny food to other players all the while prioritizing your own survival as Gauntlet is more of a competitive co-op game than a friendly one. It’s kind of like playing Monopoly where all your friends end up hating each other by the end of the game.The game itself is pretty short and can be completed on normal difficulty in less than 5 hours, leaving the only reason for playing it further to grind for gold to buy all the abilities and cosmetic items. Most useful abilities are very, very expensive which means that during a single playthrough you will be stuck only using a few of them. The dungeons are randomly generated, though, meaning there is at least some replayability to be found. I recommend waiting until the game drops back to it's sale price of around $5 to really get your money's worth."
76561198025022039,Recommended,258970,17524470,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Themistocles,"A fantastic revamp of a fantastic classic.Gauntlet is quite possibly the most fun I have had killing skeletons, orcs, deamons and the like.With four (five with dlc) characters to play, who all play differently, you can enjoy hours of slaying.Or, better yet, hop in with your friends and really start harming bodies.With the Slayer Edition, this game has gotten even better. Different abilities, new talismans, and a more interesting layout. What's not to love?If you enjoy 'top down' games, this is a must.If you enjoy somewhat retro advanture/hack and slash games, this is a must.And if you have enjoyed any previous Gauntlet game, how have you not already bought this?"
,Recommended,258970,14859980,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,FL33TWOOD,"Great Freaking game, having a blast playing it!!Seriously wished ""WB Games"" would let us enjoy Steam Workshop for new content."
,Recommended,258970,20309022,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fresh Prince of Bel-Aerials,"Very fun, playing lan with friends makes for a challenging and fun game,"
76561197987935809,Not Recommended,258970,12255259,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SurferDevo,"I have played Gauntlet since nintendo. I wouldnt exactly call this remake nostalgic.This is fun for a little bit if you have friends that own the game who are cooperative. alone its not fun, and quick match is really bad in just about every way imaginable. my gf and i beat this game in 6 hours while lollygagging. After you beat this very very short version of a gauntlet title, there isnt much to do but grind to get the random, not so fun achievements and character vanity items.  Gold does little to nothing in this game as its used to buy close to useless ""relics"" which you might only use once or twice per level IF that, and vanity gear which has no stats. The vanity gear for completing the hardest difficulty doesnt even look the best on most chars. my hours played are 23 at the moment and i litterally can not find anything else fun to do in the game and i feel like the only reason im still playing is to get my $20 worth in hours.  if you are a huge gauntlet fan, you might be slightly dissapointed like we were, its a shame this game is $20.00, its worth $5. you can get more hours out of free games."
,Recommended,258970,14515470,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingOverall Rating: 8/10Gameplay Rating: 8/10Accessibility Rating: 9/10NotesOverall rating is a combination of the gameplay (mechanics and story) and accessibility (how the game includes deaf/hoh gamers).If you disagree with my take on the game or if something is factually incorrect, please leave a comment below!General GameplayGauntlet is a single player or co-op experience!  This tribute to the older games in its lineage reawakens the fun, top-down dungeon crawling, horde-destroying genius of the original games.Though a bit linear and slightly redundant, Gauntlet is still entertaining in both single and co-op modes.  The Colosseum mode brings together 4 players in classic arcade fashion.The achievements in Gauntlet come for both good and bad events, such as collecting gold or dying, and all make your character just a little better.ReplayabilityAs a co-op game with friends, however, Gauntlet's outstanding history shines through and the game becomes fun, amusing, and challenging.Additional replayability comes from trying to complete the game and all achievements with all of the character types.  If you're a completionist, you may enjoy trying to get this one done.  Just bring a friend!General AccessibilityAccessibility OptionsGauntlet has sound settings controls for master volume, music, effects, and dialogue, as well as captions (subtitles).When you start the game, it goes straight to the main menu, so you can set captions on before any events happen.For gamers with mobility issues, Gauntlet's primary controls are game controller, but it works with keyboard and mouse just as well.  All keys can be rebound to suit your needs.Subtitles & CaptionsCaptions in Gauntlet are great!  Gauntlet is not a very dialogue-rich game, so most of what is said is flavor text, but it all seems to be there.Pros:- Captions for characters are colored according to that character's color (green for elf, for example), and captions from the evil mastermind leading the gauntlet are white.- Captions are easy to read in large font across the bottom of the screen.Cons:- Captions do not indicate who is speaking by name.  Only a *minor* problem because they are colored.Chatting/CommunicatingGauntlet supports in-game chat and colors text according to which character you're playing.---Visit Games Reviews for the Deaf/HoHhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/gamereviewsforthedeaf"
76561198089954694,Recommended,258970,12388809,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,MackYavel,"Bought it just for the name, i used to play it in the 80s...I enjoyed it, it's a nice vacation from hack and slash even if the its fundamentaly alike, the controls and roles of the characters make it very different.If you were a fan of the original gauntlet, you're gonna love this one.Fair price, decent graphics, fun gameplay; all in all: a good buy.Playing with old friends must be even better!"
76561197963212159,Recommended,258970,12385374,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Eccentric Aeon,Has a feel like the old games while introducing plenty of new features.It's Unique. Infuriating. Fun.Reminds me of the 8-bit days.
,Not Recommended,258970,12213048,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ValkenHeart,"Just played this with my friend finished it in 5 hours no replay value does nothing like the original Gauntlet games do notwaste your money like I did I hope I can stop people from playing this garbage it is nothing like the originals and I'm sure everyone was excited just like I was but, it is not what we wanted it is a quick scheme to make a quick dollor do not buy 4/10 no where near worth the $20."
76561197991501320,Not Recommended,258970,19355544,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blank Stare,"A true travesty to the original names of Gauntlet. The game is short, repetative, dull, boring and just all around not fun to play.I beat the game in less than 5 hours and that was doing as much possible while playing through, extra 2 was from beating it again with a friend; I've always enjoyed exploring and collecting but this game severely lacked in every way.If you realllllly want to buy this game wait until it's on sale, then it won't hurt as much when the disappointment sets in.I'm not a die-hard or a fan-boy, but this game is nothing like the originals I spent hours playing split screen with my friends.Final Verdict: 3/10 Played, beat, unistalled."
,Not Recommended,258970,12917725,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,✪ Sina ™,"Most maps are basically the same and the gameplay is in general very repetetive.. You can clearly tell that this game is a budget. If it isn't, they team did something horribly wrong."
,Recommended,258970,12225685,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ant.,"I used to play this game back when it was on an arcade with my cousins, then later with my neighbors when it came out on the PS2. Incredibly fun, especially if you know the people you're playing with. If you've never played Gauntlet before, you should try it."
,Recommended,258970,13731158,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,moms,"gauntlet: ruiner of friendshipu shot the turkey, that was my turkey?dude ur takin all the gold???why??? do u take all the gold???WHY DO U KEEP SHOOTING THE FOOD??WE ARE GFONNA DIE???? HURRY USE THE LUTE OF MANY WINSWHY ARE U NOT FOCUSING TOWERS UR JUST PICKIJNG UP THE GOLD"
,Not Recommended,258970,15670520,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Itohiro,"I was so excited when I found out about this, as it was my childhood game, but it turned out not to be quite what I expected. It isn't exactly bad, but it becomes extremelly repetitive fast."
,Not Recommended,258970,12284064,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Blue,"Nothing like the original game and hardly what is advertised. Gameplay consists entirely of moving from room to room, being locked in and then fighting waves of enemies before proceeding to repeat the cycle. Bosses are annoying puzzles and gimmicks. Weapons and armor are purely cosmetic. Potions are now used solely to power relics. What little 'upgrades' there are come from ""perks,"" which are small bonuses awarded for grinding for hours. Which is what this game is. A mediocre grind. Relics are a waste of gold. Some don't even work properly. Armor is cosmetic. There isn't anything worth spending that hard earned gold on.-Boring, repetitive gameplay-Bad boss design-Bugs that will mess with your game-Lack of items or worthwhile character progressionThe only thing this game has in common with the classic Gauntlet is the name and the four character archetypes."
76561197970639512,Recommended,258970,17739457,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Warlok,"The Slayer Edition is the proper version of Gauntlet. The game is a carefully balanced eminently playable *real* game; you never get the sense that any challenge is unfair or gimmicky. The screen is still 'shared', as if all players are bound to a single screen, however it is something you can get used to. Somehow - perhaps only illusory - it seems less of a problem in the Slayer Edition.Looking forward to more playable characters, new equipment, new enemies, and new adventures. The developers deserve their price on this one."
,Recommended,258970,12371160,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Thana,"In all honesty I've never played the original Gauntlet, or even its supposedly crappy later sequels- just in general I hadn't heard of the game at all till now. So no nostalgia factor for me there.However, the game itself has solid controls, great graphics and atmosphere, just the right difficulty settings to discourage hack-and-slashing, and is just in general a great, well-polished game. Because of my thirst for/bias for loot and customization, I'd rate it 9/10.That being said- also absolutely love this for couch co-op reasons. :D"
76561198061999006,Recommended,258970,12781732,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Temujin,"fun game, but needs friends to be played with.  Easy to get boring playing by yourself or random other people"
76561198149411599,Recommended,258970,12787632,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RAMET,Nice game to play together!!!!!!!!!!
76561198085751829,Recommended,258970,12751242,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,WillPower333,KICKSASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198043864879,Not Recommended,258970,12225860,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,cosmiclad,"I was really excited about this game when I first heard it was coming out. I finally picked it up and played for about 2 hours and was done. This is the EXACT same game that sacred 3 is. We shunned Sacred 3 for being boring and dropping no loot and the like but this game gets a pass!? I can't wait until developers stop catering to peoples nostalgia and actually make something new. You can take an old franchise and breath new life into it, look at Tomb Raider.This game starts off assuming you've played the older games and has the whole "" I'm not gonna tell you what this does. "" mentality that plagues a lot of games lately so they can say they're not holding your hand. I remember just having a good time when I played the older ones, nothing was rocket science it was just good ol hack and slash. Then I played the wizard for a smash and was just like Why!? Why does his mechanics have to be so wierd and complicated!? Also I get that the co-op is the shining force of the game, but that doesn't mean people don't ever play single player. If you do play single player the game does not scale for single player it just throws huge waves at you until they can get one hit( which translates to about 3-4 hits because you get bounced around like a ping pong ball) while your trying to take down these shrines, almost mocking you and laughing because your friends were'nt around at the time.Your character is not very nimble either as the move I thought was supposed to atleast get you out of sticky situations has a second and a half start up and goes about six feet in front of you (I'm looking at you Valkyrie) so what's the point? I got tired of the reaper mechanic after the first time I saw it. It's not a very hard mechanic to deal with it's just an annoyance like someone sticking the tip of a feather in your ear every couple of seconds. Another negative is the fact that EVERYTHING DOES NOT HAVE TO BE A COMPETITION! The game goes out of it's way to not let you play who want in a multiplayer game with starngers, which I could over look I guess if it fits the story and all. So why am I fighting everyone for gold and food? This is not fun at all. I want to fight with you not against you, if I wanted to fight against you I would play STREET FIGHTER!This game does have some good things about. The sound is top notch and makes the combat feel good and hefty. The characters all play very different which is very good. Also...That's all I got. You can't get 1080p either. Basically this game falls victim to the same ol crap. Developers made a game to tickle your nostalgia, thought to themselves that frustration means challenge and does absolutley nothing new. If your one of those gamers that think everything was better way back when and has a nice thick pair of rose-tinted glasses on your night stand then this game is for you, but if you were looking for a rebooted game from the past that was going to BUILD from the the classic itself then no..no I can't reccomend this game at all."
76561197978258497,Recommended,258970,12754874,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Takifugu Pete,it's fun!
76561198083660411,Recommended,258970,12781588,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,TeCurt,Can be laggy at times if your cpu isn't great but I enjoy the return to the old style of Gauntlet
,Recommended,258970,12810449,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,RichHeart [FIN],"I've played hack and slash games since the original Gauntlet on my trusty old C64. So when I say that I love the arcadey feel in this one you can trust that I really mean it.  Nothing fancy here but the gameplay works, the game looks good and sounds amazing. 4/5 The  one missing point is because the game is quite a small package. I'd love a few more levels, few more monsters and a few extra puns here and there in the dialoque."
76561198287217610,Recommended,258970,22106144,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Juggalo,fun fun fun
,Recommended,258970,12793557,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,JDub314,Fun with friends.
76561197974018483,Not Recommended,258970,12237944,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,iS.BlankO,"Very disappointed with this game. Went in with high hopes, thinking it would be like the nostalgic games I remember.Things I liked.-Slaying hordes of monsters-Class gameplay-Boss fights-Ranking system-Buyable skillsThings I didn't like.-No way to carry potions to the next dungeons or buy them-Gear is purely cosmetic-NO PUZZLES or critical thinking (imo the biggest flaw with the game)-Really, really short (12 levels? c'mon!)I really think this game has a lot of potential. I know people complained about the wizard, but I really enjoyed playing as him. The style is a little harder than the other classes but once you get the button sequences down he owns. I believe the game could benefit if it had DLC but it was way too short and really has no re-playabilty."
,Recommended,258970,13630729,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Red,"A great redux of the classic arcade smash from the 80's. Fun topdown dungeon crawling of smashing pots avoiding traps and slaughtering thousands of monsters. While this game is extremely fun it pretty much requires other people so bring friends or you will be in for some excruiatingly painful gameplay of many retries. If you love the oldschool no mercy games and have some friends to suffer with you to overcome the unfair mode it is a fun challenging game, if not I wouldn't recommend it. 7/10"
76561198064153655,Recommended,258970,12723517,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,KarliN,"I really enjoyed Gauntlet. The first time I played this game I was not an experienced gamer which led me to click 'Thumbs down' on this one. That was a terrible mistake.They have made some changes that makes the game play more optimized and practical.+) All characters have their own advantage.+) Enough kinds of monsters.+) Enough environmental interruption.+) Items are about skills and it is promised as you only need to get more gold.+) Easy mapping.-) I don't really see the point of breaking healing items and even getting achievement from it.-) Difficulty balance is bad. Final stage is just way above the bar: No potions, and the healing items will easily be destroyed by you because it spawns where you are while hitting enemies.-) Sometimes a monster is out of your screen and still attacks you."
,Not Recommended,258970,12223951,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,seamaf,"I'm going to be honest. I bought this expecting Guantlet Dark Legacy. What I got was Guantlet: Magika Edition.Honestly, I don't have any problem with Magika but the fact that this game has absolutely no stat system just ruins it. It's sad attempt at creating some sort of replay value or reward system is just a ridiculously long grind. For example, as a Barbarian I need to kill 20,000 mummies in order to do +10% more damage to mummies. Or I need to take 200,000 points of damage to have an increased HP regen when dropped below 30%. This is not leveling. If I wanted to play a grindy game, there are hundreds of others. If I wanted to play Magika, I would play Magika.Literally every room you enter follows the following formula:1. Kill 3 or 4 mobs.2. Tomb spawns.3. 2nd Tomb spawns.4. Kill both Tombs.5. Get key6. Open up wall.7. Rinse and Repeat.Additionally, there is a ""death"" level every 2nd act where all you do is constantly run away from a being that will instantly slay you. If they wanted to make a game that was similar to Guantlet, why not just remake the damned Guantly Dark Legacy on the n64? I'm almost certain that is what ""most"" of us wanted. Overall, I wouldn't say that the game is not fun, however, I will say it was not what I expected, nor what I wanted. This game has a total of 7 maybe 8 hours of gameplay with a friend or two. It had the potential to be so much more but it isn't."
76561198012444115,Recommended,258970,13731713,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[TDBH]Citrus_LIGHTNING,needs more content
76561198010413256,Recommended,258970,17182687,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Pope,"If you liked the arcade game, youll like this."
,Recommended,258970,18123247,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,GUNNER REPTILE,fun co-op game
,Recommended,258970,12295058,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Irish Bear,"Absolutely love how they did this game, and would reccomend it to anyone.  I hope to see expansions for this, seeming as though they have the room for more levels it seems."
76561197986970560,Recommended,258970,12312434,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Born2Rune,"The granddaddy of ARPG's returns. Fun game, worth every penny.If I had any critism, it would be the classic mode...they just made it pixelated instead of actually going into a proper 8bit mode. Missed opportunity.9/10"
,Recommended,258970,18244338,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Wrenchy,"Awesome game! Been looking for a game on par with Baldurs Gate: Dark Alliance and I can say that this is up there with it. My cousin and I absolutely loved Baldurs Gate growing up and we were really excited when we found this Gauntlet game because of that. It's really fun two-player and can be beaten in 8 hours. I'd like to see upgrades to the game and more games like this. Just fun, arcade hack-and-slash with upgrades to your character. It's what Diablo 3 should have been, although much simpler than D3, it's also much funner."
,Recommended,258970,18286318,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Astral Projection,"- WASD Diablo game play- there are no levels or XP, just collecting gold- there is no character progression, just item unlocks purchased with gold- items give abilities, not stats- thus the game is very much reflex-based, like the original Gauntlet, there is no ""out-leveling"" any encounter- ""Normal"" is pretty hard and ""Hard"" is very challengingThat said, recommend if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,258970,13623069,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hellhoof,"This game is awesome! If you liked the original, you'll love this. There are so  many original sounds and phrases that come from the original in this game. I get a nice feeling of nostalgia along with the new look. Very well done and highly addictive - just like the original was. Nice job!"
76561198105550558,Recommended,258970,13582749,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,阿斯托尔福™Ver.2.0,"Easy to begin but difficult to hava a good command,then teamwork helps a lot."
,Recommended,258970,17479473,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Teaspoon,"Fun game. Bit short. Needs random dungeons or something, but fun for the price."
,Recommended,258970,12485129,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xhynk,"I really like this game. It's quite a good combination of the original 80's arcade game and newer versions. I do wish there were unlocks though...As it stands, Thor needs a buff, but the gameplay is very smooth and fun if not slightly repetitive.If this was a $60 title, my review would be much more cynical, but at $20, you should definitely pick this up if you liked the arcadey style of the original but want a (well) modernized version!"
76561198052659306,Recommended,258970,12754282,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,spectrumframer,"As addictive as the old NES game!!Maybe even more.. Even Shadowrun Returns could not capt 100% of the old atmosphere, but this one, it shines in every way. I did´nt play Diablo and new gamers say it´s a Diablo-like game, but back in the Arcade´s version, Gauntlet is the grandfather of Diablo. So Diablo is a Gauntlet-like game.I liked everything in the game and want a DLC or Gauntlet 2 as soon as possible. Gameplay is good, u only have to give a chance to control-not-customized-who-knows-why, multiplayer is perfect and music is very good (yet it´s almost impossible to make something as good as it was in NES).Weak points are much less stages then NES version and, main thing: Valkyrie is the best. But is ugly, VERY VERY UGLY!Why?"
,Recommended,258970,12833853,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hubzki,"I loved the original on Spectrum. Yes, i said spectrum. Now i know some of you younglings might not know what that is, but it kinda paved the way for today..... look into it... But anyway. Loving this adaptation of a classic...... hungry..... need food badly......."
76561198037077474,Recommended,258970,12812608,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lord_Treedom,"excellent game has an awesome progression and leveling system, it promotes both reckless thought as well as tactical. one of those games where you can either play for like 5 - 10 mins and comeback or aim to complete in one mega grind sess. has great potential for expansion as well as possibly workshop material through armor/item/dungeon sets and packs."
,Recommended,258970,12802473,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Leafgreensp,"Fans of the classic Gauntlet games rejoice. While this game isn't exactly like the older ones, it brings a really good mix with some newer elements that just make the game feel very polished. Several different characters to choose from that all feel very different, as well as a good amount of trinkets to make your gameplay unique. This game supports multiplayer with up to 4 people total, and thats definitely the best way to play. It's incredibly fun going through a dungeon with three other friends fighting over the crown which awards bonus points at the end, all while plowing through waves of enemies. Anyone who likes Gauntlet or any other type of dungeon crawler should consider picking this up for their steam library."
,Recommended,258970,23993466,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Stryker,"So here's my review SO FAR.I'm an old time fan of Gauntlet Legends, having dumped some small portion of my childhood into the game...Hours of replaying challenge levels to unlock new heroes, finding all the secrets. Owning that bloody dragon with your beasted out mage... Unlocking the wizard dude who had full stats and not beleving your eyes....With that said every Gauntlet game since then has lacked everything that was good about Legends. Slayer Edition finally creates a decent rendition thus far of Gauntlet Legends.Pro's- Classic Gauntlet/Dungeon Crawl view.- Seems to be more ""mechanics"" to more battles than previous gauntlet games.- Improved combat mechanics. Takes away the ""hold X"" concept of the came.- Equipment/Upgrades give it a more RPG feel rather than just level progression (like the old ones).- Easy to play with friends, online and offline (local co-op).- Each character is pretty diverse in their contribution to the field.Con's- Only 4-5 Characters- Hard to get a random online game that is immediatly enjoyable.- Lacking on customization for characters. Progression could be more substantial.I feel as though a game that has made a name for itself like Gauntlets, could have taken just a little more time to add a lot more to this game. Accommodate the casual and the casual pro."
,Recommended,258970,23798984,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,im8k.Marshroomy ᕦ(ò_ó*)ᕤ,"Jumped straight into endless mode with 3 friends... Slash a bunch of skeletons, ghouls, stupid magicians, spiders blah blah... Destroyed alot of PRECIOUS meats and potions... Wanting to pick all the gold myself but know i shouldn't... Reached level 18 at our second try... Overall OK? Lack of bosses in endless mode make the mode kind of dull. Hope the story mode will bring more fun."
76561198135532952,Recommended,258970,14900013,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,onwaaard,"Words fail so I'll use numbers instead... 9/10 (I'll leave room for new content and continued support).   ;)GAUNTLET is a joy to play. The characters all have unique abilities and the game play is F U N.The amount of TLC that went into this game is obvious and appreciated. THANK YOU ARROWHEAD!I originally ran and beat the GAUNTLET on Easy and Normal with Questor, and now I'm running WIZARD on Easy.I briefly tried out Warrior, Valkyrie and Lilith and was hard pressed to choose one because they are all so very well done and such fun to play. iam at around 50 hours right now and still have Warrior, Valkyrie and Lilith to run the GAUNTLET with and thats all Soloing and now they added COLUSSIUM.Now THAT's replay value like I've NEVER experienced.Some are complaining about the repetative levels, which I don't understand because each character is so unique it is like playing a new game with each new character...and I have not even tried running the GAUNTLET in a group...lolThe sights and sounds are awesome, the Artwork and style is very inspirational and the gameplay is creative and fun and offers the most replay value of any game I have ever played, and I've played alot.I hope this gets all the attention it deserves and continues to grow...it's that good.INVADE THE DARKNESS...but try not to shoot the food"
76561198220419069,Recommended,258970,27761025,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Milkweed Scragson,"Fair warning, It's not Gauntlet Legends.That being said, this game is one of the best options for couch co-op made in the last few years."
,Recommended,258970,12247062,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Mink,"Honestly, the game delivers exactly what I expected from it with what I've seen in the trailers and various other gameplay videos.It is a bit short, having only 27 levels and 3 bosses (3 levels per door, 3 doors per 'world', and 3 worlds.. + 1 door each world that is strictly a boss fight). An endless mode somewhat in vein with the original game that this one is meant to reboot would've been awesome... but for the price, I still think it's a pretty good old-school arcade dungeon crawler that harkens back to a more innocent time in my life.It might have played it a little safe when compared to the original 1985 arcade game, and I can understand why... but I liked it for what it is.I'll admit, so far I've only played solo. I imagine it's best played with friends... and I don't mean a PUG. With any luck maybe I can talk my brother and a few others into giving it a spin.EDIT: As of April 2015 I'm finding it hard to recommend this. I still stand by my claim that the game is really fun for what it is, but the utter lack of content leaves it downright forgettable in the long run. There are only so many times you can play through the same thing before it starts feeling both tedious and monotonous. For me, that ended with about 3 times.. granted, all solo plays, but still.So yea.. changing my recommendation because I'm not seeing a future for this at all content-wise. And that's a real shame to me.EDIT 8-12-2015: Well, they released a free update for the PC version of the game to coincide with a PS4 release. I played it for a few hours.. and I can't explain it, but from what I remember before, it feels like it plays much better than it used to. I'm still not used to relics being separate from potions, and having a completely separate potion ability.. but that will probably come in time. I also haven't really tried any of the new weapons and their attacks.I also don't remember the updated take on the Gauntlet II theme being there in the previous version, so when I first heard that... man, I was taken back a couple decades or more.However, the big thing for me is that endless mode is now a thing. The stages are a bit simple and linear, and every few of them is a 'Death chase'.. which is a mode I'm not exactly crazy about, but endless is still nice to have.The stages of the campaign itself have received changes in numerous areas, so it's actually kinda fresh to even play through that again.. which was surprising to me. It's also nice that the 'arena' type levels are optional (at least that first one anyway.. that's as far as I made it really before quitting).The hub area is gone, however, replaced with a rudimentary map style system. It's nice because it allows you to access stages on their own instead of in sets of three.. but the look and feel of the map system is very basic.The devs have acknowledged the sort of lackluster camera in this version, so hopefully that will get fixed soon. It's somewhat annoying living on the edge of the screen until you get to one of those 'encounter areas' where it pans out and more or less centers itself.Anyway, it still plays like a modern arcade game at its core.. and it was pretty much meant to, given the title and game it was meant to reboot. It's a fun hack 'n' slash dungeon crawler, and now that it has an endless mode.. it's very hard to not recommend if you're into that kind of thing."
76561197991919198,Recommended,258970,21712312,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,elder scrotem ThaiRim,"1st off, this game doesn't feel exactly like the original, but then that game i played about 30yrs ago.The game has plenty of replay value if u want all the acheivements or just to play through with all the characters.Game looks fairly good & the colour palette used reminds me of diablo 3 & torchlight.I find coloseum very hard or maybe i am too old & slow now.I would give the game a score of 7/10.I wish i played this game when i 1st got it cause ppl on the forums seem to like what it was before the ""slayer"" edition.Nice game & hope there are plans to make another.*"
76561198121246797,Recommended,258970,23800248,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,celtzrule,"As a big fan of local co op games, I can definetly recommend this one to anyone who enjoys some mindless hack n slash fun with friends. It does a good job recreating the formula that made the original Gauntlet arcade game so fun."
76561198312144694,Recommended,258970,23787954,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,o SmAs x,"If you remember the good ol' days of Arcade Gauntlet then you'll be right at home here. It plays fantastically when either by yourself or with up to 3 other friends. Though the multiplayer team aspect is where the game really shines through. Each class is distinguished with a different and unique skill set that works well both independently and when combined with others.Graphics and soundwise, this game is typica 3Dl top-down goodness with sometimes commical, sometimes cringy voice acting.All in all, Gauntlet is well worth picking up, be it on sale or full price. The ability to link up other friends with 360 controllers to sit and play on the couch gives it the edge over many multiplayer titles that confine you to your own machine these days.Pick it up and mindlessly have fun, but remember... Don't shoot the food."
,Recommended,258970,23795277,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tmharvey,Awesome gameplay. brings back childhood memories of being at the arcade playing the original Gauntlet.
76561198047316022,Recommended,258970,17561360,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Radiius,"Pros:+Great co-op game, fun to play with just one other person+Nostalgic feel of old Gauntlet games (not perfect, but still)+Easy to pick up, and there are some complex combos you can pull off as wizard+Runs smoothlyCons:-Really short campaign (<8 hours)-Poor story in campaign (plz hire storytellers I had no attachment to the story at all)Overall:Gauntlet is a fun game in terms of gameplay as long as you're with a friend. I never felt like I was grinding and I genuinely looked forward to playing it every night with my bud. However, the campaign was very short, and the story itself could have been told better by a 4-year old. Nothing about the story was interesting, and it was just a very ""next dungeon, kill, next dungeon, kill, wash, rinse, repeat"" kind of experience. Great for passing time with friends, not great as a campaign-based adventure."
76561197972328364,Not Recommended,258970,12365741,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Bwehngamun,"Way too short of a game only about 4 hours of content, item/mastery system is mostly pointless and never get to use them in boss fights.  If you want a good gauntlet game find an old copy of gauntlet legends."
,Recommended,258970,12216553,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Royce,"The remake of Gauntlet like never before. I have since played it for almost a year! That's a good lifespan for a classic game in the 90s. From Playstation 1 to Dreamcast, it's gameplay was similar to most RTS but this is action packed too. You get 4 classes to be your arsenal. Co-op with friends? Confirmed. Lots of things to do if you love hack-n-slash genre!"
,Recommended,258970,25579408,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,robbie_86,Great game! just like the old classic but with new stuff.You get what you see.
76561198052328340,Recommended,258970,12361596,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,LantisKross,"This an amazing re-imagining of one of my favorite series. It has managed to stay faithful to the series and assert its own brand new style.Gauntlet has achieved a balance of difficulty and simple mechanics and controls that has become extremely rare in modern games.Play it for hours on your day off, play it for twenty minutes before work, play it while you wait in que to play other inferior games, Gauntlet fits any schedule.From here on out this will be the benchmark I use to compare other Hack and Slash games."
,Recommended,258970,13080827,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,bT*Akira,"The original version of this game was a bit lackluster. After a couple years away from the game I decided to come back and see if anyone else played a game that I didn't recommend.What I came back to was a much improved game. The levels, the way you select which level you play, down to how you play each character greatly improved. I feel what I originally played was an early access game that was not listed as an early access.The game now feels polished, its solid all around and there are still active players. There is even a DLC to unlock a brand new playable character.You can play in campaign mode and go through the story and play each scripted level, earning gold and upgrading your characters gear along the way. You can go back and play any level you have played, as long as you've beaten it on that difficulty. There are three difficulties that ramp up appropriately. Easy is good for one player, any skilled player can get through a majority of the levels without needing help of others. On normal you will want at least two players, if not three. On Hard difficulty you want four players; three can be done, but four is SO much better.There is an endless mode in which some levels you see in the campaign, along with others, are randomly loaded with enemies and events. Money you earn can be used to buy food, potions or skull coins (1-ups essentially). Some levels in endless are very easy, simple. Others are loaded with lots and lots of hard enemies in one locked room.Between the two modes, and a coloseum mode that I have not played, I have to recommend this game. Buy it now while there are still players! Othersie you will need three other players to play with you either in  local multiplayer, online, or a mix of both."
76561198123513396,Not Recommended,258970,24551975,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,maddpsyintyst,"While this game resembles Gauntlet games in a superficial way, it doesn't really play like a classic Gauntlet game.  At best, this is either a game inspired by Gauntlet, or a clone of Gauntlet, but in my opinion isn't truly worthy of the name.I'll start by building on the clone-of-Gauntlet idea.  In my opinion, there are games older than this one that play better and look better.  Either of the Torchlight games, and by extension the second Diablo game (which is the only one of those that I played, TBH), are good examples.  Also, any of the Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale games, as well as Temple of Elemental Evil and Pool of Radiance, would work (I might add that ToEE and PoR were panned pretty badly at the time, too).  Even the older versions of Gauntlet are better and even more immersive than this.On a related and not-so-minor note, this game is choppy even at the lowest graphic settings.  This is simply unacceptable, when so many clones of clones of games coming out these days (especally on the pay-to-win platforms like Android) seem to emphasize graphics over gameplay and content.The keyboard controls are goofy and inconsistent among the characters.  I could probably get used to using WSAD-style controls on this game, except that there are only four directions to move.  Again, so many other games trump this by default.  If that isn't bad enough, the wizard has a completely different set of controls to get used to (except for movement), compared to the others.  Couldn't the wizard have been made to play closer to the other character types, rather than awkwardly fumbling through different spell schools?  Worse yet, the controls are not customizable at all.  I didn't try using my controller to see if the experience is better, because I lost interest in the game content and graphics too soon."
,Recommended,258970,35404769,Posted: 1 October,all,WaSaBiRa,"Loved gauntlet growing up. Nice to see it getting an update. Interesting changes, always love me some dungeon crawling."
76561198040715704,Recommended,258970,13590717,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jmart,Steam should have like a 1 week price guarentee.... if the price changes you are refunded the difference into your steam account.
76561198113773626,Recommended,258970,12496194,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SS.Ash ♥JadeHeart♥,All you need to do is COMBO AND OWN.
76561198097608923,Recommended,258970,13654123,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheCman1221,"Pretty fun game, especially when you play with friends!"
,Recommended,258970,12455547,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Legwen,"Thinking of buying Gauntlet?I have been playing it with 2 RL friends, and i have a few online friends i havent played yet with, and it has been a blast so far, completely worth the 20$.Do not buy this game to be a lone wolf, or play by yourself. Do not play this game if you are going to use the matchmaking system. Its decent, the system works ish. But there is no Communication  chat/voice at all in this game. Which is sorta cool feeling, but doesnt work out.If you play with some friends LAN style, or over a Voice chat, you will have endless fun. I have been setting World records with me 2 friends non-stop, feel free to check out some of my screenshots if you need to.The characters dont feel very deep at first, but the way the leveling up works...is weird but feels ok in the long run. You get some talents by playing naturally that add just the right amount of depth to make it feel balanced. Characters feel sorta balanced, Warrior might be a little subpar. Either way, if you're playing with friends you will have fun. Wizard is Hard but good. Valk seems great. I play archer, i love it.Mastery level you get just by dieing or killing. They are like ingame achievements that .... give you bonus's. It feels backwards to get a bonus to die less,... by getting killed but it works.Stats/records make things fun.The game feels a little short. probably 10 hours if you play normal. The difficulties are fun though, and the replay does feel fun.The relic system is ....alright? It could be tweeked.The game is exactly what you think it is though. And its a lot of fun. 9/10 if you have friends to play with.I'd like to see some additions and patches though."
76561197964920946,Not Recommended,258970,14726782,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dark,Way too short. Was hoping for long levels and quest line to dungeon crawl with friends. got. 3 worlds x 4 lvls each to finish in a night.  boooooooo
,Recommended,258970,30638022,Posted: 20 March,all,Billheim,"Have you ever wanted to kill lots of enemies in tiny rooms? Do you like the idae of looting every single grave there is? This game might be for you, If you are a decent button masher obviously. Just click LMB and win, Assuming you don't play wizard. He takes skill, Don't play him (Do play him)."
76561198018843665,Recommended,258970,30826320,Posted: 29 March,all,DEEDEESBEAK,This is one of the best couch co-op/nostalgia experiences on PC.  THEY NEED TO DO THIS TO LEGENDS/DARK LEGACY!!!
,Recommended,258970,24119328,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Cam,"It's Gauntlet, and Gauntlet is always best played with friends.Pros:-great multiplayer game, expect competition over who gets the most gold-easy to control and play-gorgeous environments-entertaining voice acting/well-written and fun dialog-really neat weapon options and unlockables for changing up/customizing gameplayCons:-color system of the past is gone/no multi-classes (in other words, no RED WIZARD and BLUE WIZARD, etc., just one class per team)-enemy variety is cool but missing classic monsters like lobbers and super sorcerers-clicky hack-'n-slash gameplay is arcadey and can ultimately feel shallow to people who aren't expecting it, or are playing aloneAll in all tho it's loads of fun with friends and definitely worth it, in my opinion. I spent hours upon hours playing Gauntlet II with my cousin when we were both little so I'm kind of a sucker for this stuff tho. Also, what I wouldn't give for a classic ""digitized"" announcer voice option. ﻿""Ｔｒａｐｓ  ｍａｋｅ  ｗａｌｌｓ  ｄｉｓａｐｐｅａｒ！"""
,Recommended,258970,12314295,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Bagooooos,"Game yang patut dipertimbangkan untuk dibeli.Awal main sempat bosan, karena main single player.Sekali nyobain multi playernya jadi ketagihan.Seru pada rebutan gold dan kill musuh kalau main multi player. HahahaSilahkan dicoba sendiri laaah."
,Recommended,258970,12414487,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Gibbon100,Really dissapointed it wasn't more like gauntlet for the xbox.It is still a really fun game although the difficulty only comes from having to fight hordes of enemies all the time instead of actually having enemies who are a challenge.
76561198050237439,Recommended,258970,13180029,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Dark Paladin,"I've actually been enjoying this game a great deal.  It's challenging and the classes are interesting because of their abilities.  I've only played a bit of multiplayer, this is definitely better with other people, especially friends you can skype with.The hack and slash action may be considered repetitive and people may argue that the game gets dry because of similar level design, but seeing the game for what it is, what it presents, it is definitely fun and offers enough incentives to try and play on the higher difficulties and do well.  This game is good for it's face value, and worth it if you are the type who likes challenges."
,Not Recommended,258970,13170942,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chunkey,"I actually had a lot of fun playing this but it's just way too short for me to recommend it to anyone. Give me a REASON to grind and i'll keep playing this game.  Not enough levels and character progression is limited to a few percent buff versus creeps if you kill enough thousands of them.But i mean if it's heavily discounted and you want a taste of gauntlet nostalgia, go for it."
,Recommended,258970,16400143,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tyn,This game is very easy to get into and the cooperative gamneplay is very cool.   The graphic style is pefect for this game and each class provides for some interesting results.   A game controller is definate plus .   I highly recommend that youcheck this game out.
76561198044218149,Recommended,258970,28940709,Posted: 2 January,all,MrSpanky,Old school local co-op fun.Worth buying just for that.Decent visual and level designs.The only real complain is the first encounter with Death at level 2 or 3: too soon and too frustrating.
76561198107286811,Recommended,258970,26103267,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dr E.Reaper,Great game. Lots of fun and many upgrades and characters to choose from. Great multiplyer aspect that works well!
,Recommended,258970,12412747,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,J830,I never played the original gauntlet but with that said growing up me and my friends would always play gauntlet legends on the n64 or at the arcade and we would later move onto gauntlet dark legacy on the gamecube. For me my favorite still after playing gauntlet 2014 is gauntlet dark legacy. The shear amount of characters that dark legacy had and the numerous levels that you could go thru were a treat and i still havent played as all the characters to this day. With that said i was setting my hopes for this game to be somewhat like that and well it isnt at all they feel completely different. Gauntlet 2014 is still a blast to play with friends. The problems being not that many levels but you get what you paid for here there is definitly 20$ worth of value in this game. Back in 2002 i believe i bought dark legacy for 39.99$ and if u compare the games they were worth the price tenfold. Gauntlet 2014 brings a new feature where you can choose your armor and runes which kinda act like skills but serve a better use for the potions then in previous gauntlets. The biggest problem i have with this game is only having four characters and having them color locked like why cant i be a red wizard or a green warrior that was one corner that shouldnt and didnt have to been cut. After spending about 5 hours with gauntlet 2014 i found myself and my friends wanting to go play dark legacy more than what was right in front of our face. Gauntlet 2014 is still a treat with freinds and if uve never played gauntlet before than this is a great buy but if you have fond memories of the older gauntlets u might be better having your friends over and enjoying whats been with us for the last 15 years. In the end Gauntlet 2014 is its own game and is fun with friends. if you and your friends are looking for a game to play that is cheap you cant go wrong and thats why i give this game a 7/10
76561197993362126,Not Recommended,258970,13248002,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,IFR,"I really like Guantlet. I remember cursing at the original, and couldn't resist getting this. I'm really on the fence about the thumbs up/down rating...and I'm going to give it thumbs down because some basic changes are needed to make this game what it should be.The intro is a tutorial that cycles through each character with steps that must be completed to progress. This intro foreshadows the faults in the game to come. There is a clear lack of direction in the tutorial, and this is underscored by a madness-enducing introduction to the Wizard's controls. Don't give up; there are guides that explain Merlin...yeah...The controls are wonky at best. The game claims to be best while played with a controller. I agree that it felt best with the controller, but I would have preferred the option to set my own keybindings. I know there are workarounds for this, but this is a basic option for PC games and when it's not there it makes games feel like a lazy port. Thankfully keybindings can be set with a keyboard/mouse, but auto-aim mucks controls up a fair amount at harder difficulties and cannot be turned off.Merlin's controls are hilarious. I had to fight the urge to spin in my chair to change a spell as I felt I was doing everything but that. I'm sure practice makes perfect, or macros would bridge the gap...but like controller emulation...beyond what I want to do. Why, oh why, not utilize the mouse wheel to switch between spells, or lcontrol, tab, etc.? The problem is the controls are too limited. Limiting all actions to 4 keys (basic combat actions) on a keyboard really sucks.I wish the loadout equipment was beyond cosmetic...I really do. Thankfully the relics are quite usefull, and the masteries prove to be alot more useful than regular achievments of most games. It's like a limited skill tree that I wish was a little more than kill 80, then 8000; there could be more inbetween to make the grind between mastery levels seem less arduous.I always struggled with Guantlet and even just at the hard difficulty this game does not dissapoint. There is minor grind for gold, cosmetics (if your into that) and a decent grind for masteries...but none of those are really required. The game is fun, but the controls make the game too frustrating to endure for anything but short bouts, which wasn't the case for the original that this game hopes to compare to."
76561198038436383,Recommended,258970,20007804,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,knollie,Really fun game with Friends. VERY short. Works well. Easiest with a controller.Expansions would be welcome.
,Recommended,258970,20029312,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Francis,"Hella good arcade classic game. Even if you dont know it, it's fun to pick up and play with friends. Not complicated but can be tricky or hard at times, takes a bit of skill, knowledge and teamwork. The ways to kill your allies on  accident or purpose is fun. Shooting food is mean but if someone is being a weenie and you kill their food, well maybe they wont act like a twinkie anymore. Extra fun if you got 3 other friends but the matchmaking works VERY well you're in a game of your similar level very quickly and you can learn a lot by playing with new people. It's on sale, buy it, heck, buy the 4 pack and ask some friends if they'd be interested in playing.This game for sure plays better on a controller. I like to use mouse and keyboard for mostly every game but this game just flows much better with it, I feel it's easier to aim and not as clunky.4.5/5"
,Recommended,258970,20364430,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Khaostone,"A lot of people have already left incredibly indepth reviews, and I do not care to sit here for half an hour sharing my critiques. Summary: This game is incredible, and a lot more fun (in my own opinion) when you play with friends. That said, I recommend this game whole-heartedly. Have at it."
76561198068371598,Recommended,258970,20410433,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,McBeardy1,We thought Gauntlet was fantastic! I great revision of a classic RPG arcade game. However now....we don't have to spend countless amount of quarters! Definitely worth the cash plus....lots of reply value as you have multiple toons. Watch if you would like to learn before purchase. Thanks!https://youtu.be/5TuNc6aAYi8
,Recommended,258970,13382089,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,"It is simple, old school, and fun, really fun. Sometimes a bit frustrating, but it is worth the price!"
76561198140389891,Recommended,258970,22146743,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mast0r,"Great game to play with friends, Dissapointing it is only windows compatible."
,Recommended,258970,22015393,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Croy,Red warrior needs food badly.
,Recommended,258970,19666487,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,"It's a guantlet game alright, but not very exciting after a once through. The online mode feels too much like playing Diablo 3. I feel like I'm spending all my time on my beach with a metal detector.It's worth a few hours of play for sure. Wait for it to be on sale before you buy however."
,Recommended,258970,17987892,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Janitorman,"To be completely honest, this was probably the most dissapointing game ive ever bought. Is it bad? No, just not that much fun. I get that the appeal of the gauntlet series lies in its multi-player performance rather than going through the game solo. It is true that the game is a lot more enjoyable with a buddy, or two, or even three. Additionally, i like what they did with the personality of the main characters; in that they either follow tropes (Thor and Wizard) or break them entirely (like Thief and Valkyrie). They're easily the best interpretations of the original 4 classes in gauntlet because this aspect has rarely been focused on in previous entries.As for the gameplay itself.... It's pretty repetitive. If you enjoy taking on hoardes of enemies using a small yet well animated number of combo's then you might enjoy this. However, what you may not enjoy is the length of the game. The main story line is short, As in there were three main bosses since last I played this. The first is a pretty well done first boss, the second is an intense boss fight, while the third is.... pretty dissapointing as the game was building up to something a lot more intense.Now I'll give credit where its due, and that goes to the dev team. Like many early access games, Gauntlet's day one build was pretty messy, with the multiplayer being accessed via hub. Unlike most early access games, the Dev team has actually been responding to complaints, glitch reports, balancing etc; and has been suprisingly dedicated to this game despite that its already hit its sales peak. They're admirable for what they're doing so I greatly appreciate that aspect of the game.In conclusion this was a dissapointing game upon release, but it also makes me optimistic that this same team could make a much better sequel.7/10"
,Recommended,258970,13461426,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,LukeWarm-,"I used to play this game as a kid at Arcades, so stoked i can play with my friends online anywhere. And the option to Drop-in with extra players is just amazing! Makes it a LAN game. Game it fun and intense, but lacks content. The Arena brings a challenge to the game and is extremely fun. I can't wait for season 2.Overall i would rate this game a 8/10, the lack of content is my only complaint about this game."
,Recommended,258970,13807519,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[PL] Jay,This is an AWESOME game this is my review
,Recommended,258970,19292783,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Force Lemmy,"Pretty fun game, love playing with friends."
,Recommended,258970,19372127,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,popdika,Really good game! I have played it with friends (local co op) and it is awesome!!
,Recommended,258970,19964793,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,/dev/null,Lots of replay value & slightly addictive.  There are a few bugs but nothing major.
76561198090807191,Recommended,258970,12354596,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,R4Z0R,"Very nostalgic, who doesn't want to remember the rage when you were playing with your friend, almost dying and he/she shoots the food you would eat ? Well, the gameplay is really nice on Keyboard/Mouse and it's an incredible remake. The difficulty is really balanced, we have 4 characters : The Elf, The Warrior, The Mage and The Valkyre, each one with their own weapons and abilities. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,258970,12394662,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""","Very basic gameplay, and there is not many special moves/attacks or enemies. Playing on normal the game doesn't last very long, and the hardcore difficulties are not really anything special. The enemies just have more health but the same basic attacks. It was cool for like an hour cause it was a change of view and looked made well, just not enough content in the game itself. Just feels like there is something lacking.IMHO WOULD RATHER PLAY THE ORIGINAL"
76561198033824169,Recommended,258970,12815594,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ryugami,not super single player friendly but still a good game
,Recommended,258970,13626438,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AsphaltRanger,This modern remake brings the joy of the old arcade back.
76561198058711723,Recommended,258970,15028637,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,AdirBlaz,"This game is a yes filled with success. Yes, I intended that rhyme. This here game is perfect for grabbing as much as three other people, then jumping into dungeons and beatin' the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta every living thing in sight. Running around, grabbing gold, and being rewarded for the things you do--Even rewarded for death. That's right. Death. You earn various masteries, and get bonuses for them. Go on and pick up that lit powder keg, it'll get you a mastery too. Less AoE damage. There's not very many ways for players to troll eachother either, since the most people can even do to troll is either idle, or destroy food on sight. But hey, the host can kick, so who cares? Enjoy the game, if you like games like Dota 2, or Diablo, then or top-down medieval dungeoneering in general, then buy it. Do it. Now."
,Not Recommended,258970,17884376,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Shurikane,"NOTE: This review is for the Slayer Edition.+++ Polished, consistent experience+++ Great gameplay difference between the four characters--- Uninspired art direction--- Repetitive slog with little variance between the proposed challenges--- Short and forgettable campaign, coupled with an overly drawn-out Endless Mode--- Multiplayer gameplay friendly to griefingGauntlet attempts the impossible task of recapturing the allure of a long bygone era when coin-op arcades were king.  For the exercise, although it did produce a fairly solid foundation, fact remains that the project is doomed to failure: the classic Gauntlet game just cannot exist in today's world without profound changes.  In keeping its design philosophy close to the now thirty year-old original, Gauntlet by its own definition offers but little replay value.  A paper-thin story is laid on top of enough artifices to make it all seem like a modern game, but the facade quickly shatters away, and the game's true nature is revealed within minutes: room after room of same-y monsters and spawners, lost in a maze with little personality of its own.Gauntlet feels a lot like a proof of concept, more than a genuine full-fledged game, and though Slayer Edition vastly improved on the first version, there is still a lot of work to be done for this to consider itself in any fashion a modern game adapted to today's world.  Right now, for the price, there are much more engrossing games in the same genre out there, with a lot more content and replay value."
,Recommended,258970,13926094,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nux,"This game is good, but with a few improvements it could have been great.The biggest issue seems to be a terrible lack of content, the game can be completed in just a few hours if you really stretch it and take your time.  The problem is the lack of levels, there are 3 types of arenas each with 3 floors and a boss floor, this gives you just 9 levels and 3 boss fights.  This issue was sort of addressed in the last update adding a colosseum mode where you can battle waves of enemies for new rewards. They also added a new character which cost 5$ to unlock, now this seems like a slap in the face, that's 1/4 of the games price for an extra character.  For a game with such a small amount of cntent it should have been free but I could have justified paying 1-2$ for it but not 5$.Cons aside this game does provide a good time especially if you have friends to play it with.  This game is all about co-op, it even has couch co-op which was a huge plus for me.  Each character has unique abilities and masteries which makes playing as each character fun and different in some way.  The masteries for each character are what give this game it's replayability factor.  Completing the masteries make your character stronger which make earning the rewards from higher difficulties that much easier.If your expecting something like Gauntlet Legacy you will be disappointed, but if your looking for a classic arcade style Gauntlet to play with friends then this is the game for you.  I personally don't think that it's worth the 20$ price tag, so I would recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198015927399,Recommended,258970,14444393,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sanguinius Týr,"Let me begin by stating that I have never played any of the original Gauntlet games. Now, with that out of the way let me begin:I freaking LOVE this game! I am so glad I've found this beautiful little gem. I simply adore this style of game and takes me right back to my youth.The choice of classes (of which there are 5 at time of writing) are simple yet diverse and upgradable. It has everything a dungeon crawler should have: Monsters, boss's, xp gain and loot. The graphics are nicely done and the soundtrack adds to the atmosphere.One highlight of this game is its replayability. Each difficulty adds to the game and the more you do the more chance of acquiring those all important achievements.If you're a fan of Isometric, hack 'n' slash ARPG games then you simply MUST buy this game! You owe it to the developers but more than that you owe it to yourself.To think that Gauntlet came out a little over four months ago the devs have been busy, adding a new class to the game and a Colosseum mode which pitches you against wave after wave of enemies. This is a game that will keep on giving. If this new iteration of Gauntlet eventually includes all content from previous Gauntlet games then the future of our modern Gauntlet looks very promising indeed. I can't wait to see what happens next.8/10"
,Recommended,258970,12790391,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gomace,"Unexpectingly fun! An amazing game that I would recommend that everyone picks up, especuially if you have a friend or two who wants to tag along!"
,Recommended,258970,12812127,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Squishyah,"This game is pretty awesome, slightly like the classic with some new features. Needs more stages, but I'm sure that's to come."
76561197993672618,Recommended,258970,12831078,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SmotSmouS,A simple but very entertaining game. Especially with friends.
,Recommended,258970,12807466,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Piszozo,perfect
,Recommended,258970,24753227,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Somnireal,"The gameplay--and especially the music--is very reminiscent of the classic Gauntlet games of yesteryear. The various moves for each character and the customization options keep the gameplay interesting from start to finish.All in all, it's a decent game. Not an exemplary game, but fun nonetheless.Took me 5 hours to beat the campaign with a friend. Short, but sweet."
76561198047138404,Recommended,258970,16349295,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FIDO,Amazing game tons of fun for couch expeirence and playing with friends local co-oponline it is not that much fun because hard to find group to play and don't have option to chose what game u want to join it  only have quick join option and you will be stuck with same group even if u did quit and quick join again again etc..
76561198067125340,Recommended,258970,33103284,Posted: 1 July,all,xwolphen,fun couch coop game
,Not Recommended,258970,35398425,Posted: 1 October,all,CraqerJaq,"While this game is a lot of fun...the community is basically dead.  I've been trying to quick join games all day and I swear there is only ONE other partial group of people playing on hard difficulty.  I'm either stuck playing with this same other person and one or two other fills, while being forced to play a character I'm no good at...or play solo and just hope someone else shows up.  for a weekend just after it went on sale...this is pretty bad.  If you don't have a group of friends to play this with, I hope you enjoy solo."
76561197994007345,Not Recommended,258970,12224984,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,>Doomed Walker<,I have played older Gauntlets. I know they are unforgiving but death by camera due to weird and dated camera design is not one I wanted in a game I buy.Co-op would be good if your own camera stayed on you and not the other player who pinned you to a wall or blew up the barrel next to you.Play if you want but I know enough people who wouldn't.
76561197996678922,Recommended,258970,12242950,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Pscion Piper (Julie),"This isn't Gauntlet.This is a modern version of SmashTV, pretending to be Gauntlet.This is perfectly fine, if you like SmashTV... which I do.The path you take through the game is fairly linear. As you go through the game, you will constantly find yourself in self-sealing mini-arena rooms that suddenly spawn monster generators, spamming you with low-level mobs from multiple sides that can be taken out in 1 or 2 hits, and throwing a few medium or high-powered threats in with the swarms of cannon-fodder attackers. The rooms will remain locked tight until all the mobs and generators are destroyed, and only then can you proceed. In between clearing the rooms, you'll pick up treasure, food, and potions which fuel your purchased relic power-ups. The rooms, in any of the three worlds, will all look and feel very similar to each other with little variations. The pattern of kiting around the enemies, using speed to lead them into manageable groupings, and then taking them out when you have the tactical advantage will remain constant throughout the whole game.Even the cheesy, smarmy dialog between your character and the dungeon controller is similar to SmashTV.And, its fun... its actually a LOT of fun...... but its not Gauntlet.Classic Gauntlet, at its core, has just one simple game mechanic: Control the pacing.From the second you pressed start, your life force was a timer. Enemies reduced your time. Death drained your time. Traps stole some time and stunned you in place for a few precious seconds. The mazes, shifting walls, and teleporters all disoriented and frustratingly led you down the wrong paths, eating up time. The destrucible walls forced you to spend time to get through them. Hidden objects in plain-looking walls made you trade time for their advantages. Doors that led to only treasure made you spend your time in looting. Being ""It"" drew the monsters to you, devouring time. Special potions and abilities either assisted or made things more difficult, costing you those few seconds to decide if they were worth the time. Food replenished just a little time.Every new dungeon level had all of the monster generators in place at the start, pumping out mobs every second, and you had to manipulate the swarms by shooting, hand-to-hand battling, sniping through corners, absorbing the damage, or evading past them if it was advantageous... all to get to the exit with as much time as possible left in your life-force, and then do it again, and again, and again until the game was over in a pile of bones and keys.... and this new game has absolutely NONE of that in it. There is no sense of urgency, and very little to push your pace faster than you care to go.Your life bar never drains on its own. You can take 2-5 hits before dying. Food will fill the life bar toward its maximum, but no further.You can kite and circle your foes for as long as you want, in fact its to your advantage to do so as killing multiple mobs in continual succession gives you a bonus to your Kill-Streak, which helps to build up points toward Skull-Tokens, your Continues.Exploring is somewhat pointless... there are no secret walls that aren't visibly marked with cracks and nearby convenient barrels for blasting them open.There is just the somewhat direct path through the dungeon levels with pre-scripted encounters in arena rooms, with just enough keys to make it through the level you are on, and no random encounters to speak of. Major swarms of enemies can't really wander out of their areas because the generators don't appear until you enter the room and trigger the encounter, so your ability to use choke-points and the dungeon layout is limited, at best.This game is GREAT and a LOT of fun at what it really is... SmashTV dressed up to look and feel like Gauntlet.... its just not Gauntlet.(Incidentally, Devs?... SmashTV dressed up to look like SmashTV with this game engine at its core? I'd TOTALLY buy that for a dollar!!)"
,Recommended,258970,12237651,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Top Cat,"Wonderful game, very true to the old style while getting rid of some of the more frustrating elements. Elf seems a bit boring to play in my opinion but there is a niche for him. The overwhelming nature of the hordes makes it feel great to clear some of those difficult rooms. 10/10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked again! The multiplayer is also top notch."
76561198091776885,Recommended,258970,12211722,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[EcG] SwordThane,This game is a must for you old school fans!The control lay out is very nice and does not feel awkward tho i will say that it is better played with a controller.This game can be Very challenging if you want it to or it could be very stress free the choice is yours.Great game to play with friends online works very welland I'm digging the retro function over all very well done.
76561197975683740,Recommended,258970,12213456,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jason1982,"The Developers have managed to pull off a wonderful feat with this reboot. They have captured the nostalgia of the original while providing new and exciting gameplay. The characters are gold and the voices perfectly humorous. The combos are all unique and drastically change the feel of gameplay while special items allow you to customize your style even further. I also have to compliment the devs on having a day one launch game where everything just worked. I played with my wife, my three year old son, and three controllers. If you are considering purchasing this game for the nostalgia or the local co-op it is twenty dollars well spent."
,Recommended,258970,12210804,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[SMC] Raptor,"Wizard probably blue screened himself in Magicka and wound up here, Valkyrie is basically your generic tank with fast melee attacks and a rather nice lunging thrust attack, warrior is your generic spin2win stereotype, and elf is.. Well, he's an elf. Probably the most suited to soloing unfair due to being able to move while spamming ranged attacks.If you're expecting a remake of something like Dark Legacy or Legends, you'll be disappointed, but if you liked the older games in the series, you'll like this."
,Recommended,258970,28877831,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vougan,"This game provides me and my friend so much fun, hard bosses ands good variety of levels.PROS: The art work is wonderfull, the gameplay works well for both: singleplayer and multiplayer. The best experience for this game is to play in fourplayers.CONS: One important CON I must expose is: The lore of the game is horrible an cliche, but the gameplay Overcome this CON, the game is short but difficult."
,Recommended,258970,13873628,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,C0ff33Dr4gg1N,"This game is a pretty good following to the original, decent graphics, and fun adaptation to the playstyle.   I'd buy it on sale, not sure if its worth full price.  Regardless, its definitly not a dissapointment."
76561197969833882,Recommended,258970,12457204,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dsterbd,"If you palyed the origninal back in the day like I did, stand up arcade and apple II for me, you will probably really dig it, great nostalgia experience. Even if you didn't its a good little game. Nicely done, updated to modern standards without losing the original feel and game play. They kept it nice and simple and retained all of the cool elements from the original.  I wished they had somehow worked the original level exit spins though:) Thats about all that was missing. Looks like Diablo, Grim Dawn, Torch Light, etc. but totally different game play and nice arcade experience well worth 20 bucks."
,Recommended,258970,12445874,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Birdperson,"Fun to play alone, even better with friends! This game features 3 stages with a few levels in each of those stages, and a huge bossfight at the end of the game. I had a lot of fun and it kept me entertained for hours and hours at a time. I am still waiting for more content (levels, shop items, etc.), and I feel as though it is not worth the price, but if you're looking for a good time and have 15 bucks to spend, consider this as a potential buy."
,Recommended,258970,17665415,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Mattaki,it was good
76561198019335948,Not Recommended,258970,12562742,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Diabolic One,Not Recommended at current price value.  If anything I would rather recommend other games that have more depth in terms of gameplay.  Hammerwatch looks more promising then this interation of Gauntlet since it feels like a rehash with better graphics however little to no depth compared to the other parts of the series.
76561198042029778,Recommended,258970,12807952,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Admiral Huffington,"This is not your old school gauntlet.  It has *only* 9 set maps, and 3 boss levels.  Yes, it's fun, but has very little replay value.  If it drops to 5 dollars, I would say buy it.   It's just very sad they don't have infinite randomized levels like they did on the Nintendo/Atari, *TWENTY YEARS AGO.*"
,Not Recommended,258970,12276097,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zolga,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,258970,23786239,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,frequently asked questions.,I made  a tactical decision and destroyed food. Impressive!
,Recommended,258970,22777732,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tru3,"7.5/10a nice casualy game just to kill a few hours on from time to time, can take a little while to find games to join depending on what time of day you play. but in all, it's not a bad game. wouldn't pay the full £15 - got it on sale."
76561198073967416,Recommended,258970,16363636,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,moosecore,A better take on a classic game. Highly recommend that you play it with friends. It makes accidentally shooting the food so much better
,Recommended,258970,22503822,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,LiquidThoughts,"Don't expect a 100 hour, deep experience.  This game is about getting a friend or 2 and killing a ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥  At that it succeeds greatly.  Me and my friends have a couple drinks, try to keep each other a live after hordes of enemies try to kill us.  When I don't feel like mentally investing in my other games this is a great choice.  I had a blast playing it and its WELL worth the price, even more so if you can grab it on sale."
,Recommended,258970,12804354,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Ferret,"Two very hun...<ELF NEEDS FOOD!>...gry thumbs-up!Oh, nostalgia. Brings back memories of ditching Ritchie Ponderosa's roller-skating party to waste $10 in quarters at the arcade there in the 80's. Boy was my mom♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Great evolution of the franchise makes the additions a welcome advancement to the series since inception./* generic 11/10_lulz review */Shot food, died of hunger. Came back to life on top of spikes and died again instantly. 11/10/* generic journal_lulz review */\\Day 1://Woke up in a dungeon. Some dude tried to sell me stuff but I had no money. I see a door illuminated with light. I step inside.\\Day 2://Stepped into a bigger dungeon. Found lots of gold. What's that? I hear shuffling coming from behind that locked door.  Oh good, I have a key.  Oh, no a swarm of mummies attack.  I kill them all and loot their corpses.  I sure can carry a lot of heavily-weighted gold for one man.I find a turkey sitting in the old, musty dungeon.  I have no idea how long it has been sitting there.  I say f*** it and eat the turkey anyway.  What's the worst that could happen? I find a doorway that looks like the devil's mouth, so I do what any normal person would do and step inside.\\Day 3://The turkey is not sitting well at all.  I've pooped my pants and it is running down my leg.  The mummies won't stop and now there are spiders everywhere.  I really don't think I should have eaten that turkey.  I think I'm hallucinating.  I see an apparition appear before me. It is Death, and he is here for me.  I run my♥♥♥♥♥off trying to get away, but the trail of foul-smelling fecal matter makes it impossible to shake Death. He vanishes from time to time when the smell becomes too much even for him, but he is close on my stinky tail.  I finally manage to find another demon mouth and plunge myself inside of it.It couldn't get any worse now, could it?\\Day 4://Stuck in a room with never-ending ghouls, ghosts, and other assortments of the creatures of the underworld.  They seem to be coming from some kind of portal. So I blow it up.  When I do, two more take its place.  So I blow them up too.  Pretty soon, all of the creatures fall before my unwielding power and stenchiness. Gold appears from out of nowhere so I pick it all up. I must have over a ton of gold stored on my body somewhere.My stomach lurches and makes an inhuman growl. I head for the exit but collapse onto the hard, cold granite floor. The last thing that I hear is my bowels letting loose one final time as the blackness encroaches.<!--ELF HAS DIED OF DYSENTERY-->...the moral of the story is never eat a turkey you found in the dungeon. You'll poop your pants."
,Recommended,258970,35215687,Posted: 25 September,all,drew1938,It's fun with friends and enemies alike. Nostalgic for a few. Pretty short though. This game would be great with a level creator.
,Recommended,258970,12840062,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Proj3ct Katana,Made a Wizard.....Thought I could Kill Death Incarnate......ran straight for death. Died Instantly 10/10
,Recommended,258970,12213922,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Convinced,"A great remaster of a great game from my childhood.  The game has great visuals, good control both fluid and no lag.  I have yet to dive into a multiplayer game but I can't wait.  The replayablity of the game seems to be from the ability to play each of the four classes, unlocking stat boosts along the way for each one.  Worth the money and the time to play it."
,Recommended,258970,12212214,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,WoollySMASH,"I got exactly what I wanted with this game. A true arcade experience with added difficulty.  It has been received well, and it will be one of my go to games of the future for instant gratification in fast paced game play."
76561197987990764,Recommended,258970,13295019,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,NashDash,"I have never played any Gauntlet game in my life but I knew what it was all about and when this one was announced it picked my interest immediately. It didn't disappoint.It carries that ""arcade type of game"" vibe with some modern concepts to spice things up. It won't generate random maps, which is a bummer for some, but others will find amusing to memorize all the choking points, barrel bomb positions, spawners, secret rooms... Just like an arcade game of the good old days.Gauntlet 2014 is an action game with some RPG elements. This is no Diablo. If you want to dodge an incoming attack you better get out of the way. If you want to block you better push the block button. There's no chance dictated by status here. You either do it or get hit and they hit hard. The game is quite a challenge.The four classes are well implemented and they are completely different from each other. The animations are good and the moves are consistent to the class. The way developers managed to make they work in sinergy during multiplayer, each playing its role, is commendable and it adds a lot to the fantasy setting and fun. This game solo is quite good. Play it online and you're going to have a blast. Gauntlet 2014 is a simple/deep kind of game. You pick the basics right away but it takes some time to trully master it.Graphically speaking its a nice game. It won't win any ""best graphics of the year"" prize but its not ugly at all. If you're like me, far from a high end PC, Gauntlet might be a good surprise. The same can be said about sound. The music is dynamic. Calm and enigmatc when no monster is around and tense for that moment you see a horde coming your way. Sound effects are also good. Clash of weapons, magic being cast, voices... They are all nice and add a lot to the overall experience. Talking about voice, some dialogs here are going to put a smile on your face.I see a lot of people complaining about lack of content and most of them have played the game for less than 15 hours and rushed to the final boss. Indeed, if you're looking for a huge amount of stages and all you do is push foward you're in for a disappointment but if you like games where you must trully learn a class to reach ""suck my Yoda"" type of mastery look no further. The game also offers some very lite RPG elements like relics that are basically skills you can use in battle, masteries that increase your character strenght and defense the more you play and some cosmetic equips beating the game on multiple difficulties. When you're done, master another class and have fun for more 20 or 30 hours.I'm having lotsa fun with this game but I do understand its not for everyone. If you exclusively like games that offer infinite ammount of random generated dungeons and/or deep and complex character development, stay away. This is not for you. If you're looking for a game with a gameplay thats simple and deep at the same time, addictive and most of all, fun, you can't go wrong with Gauntlet 2014.Uptade 10-dec-14:New content!Colosseum free!New class Necromancer!!! 5 bucks!!! (you know its cheap - you know you want it)"
,Not Recommended,258970,16461376,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,M. Yura,remember how silly and fun Gauntlet Legends for the N64 was?this is the exact opposite of that
76561198020477778,Not Recommended,258970,12280970,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rossman,Hate playing this with a keyboard. Game suggests play with a game pad. Tried two different game pads. Didn't recognize my Logitech PS3 style controller so I bought and Xbox 360 style controller but can only move up and right or down and left making gameplay impossible. Nothing in the game allows you to change button settings on gamepad. Contacted Arrowhead studios but got no response. Very disapointed.
,Recommended,258970,12853846,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,gurudesu,Definite improvement from the original series. Every character feels much more unique. Actual strategy involved in each dungeon.
,Not Recommended,258970,12317341,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mk,"WARNING!!!If you enjoy Gauntlet Games please read this!!!First off i am very disappointed with this version of Gauntlet, This fell WAY short of Gauntlet Legends 64 in many ways.Quick rundown1. The leveling system - gone, no more yellow wizard has leveled up. And no leveling up to 1-99. your the same level all the time.2. Game is way shorter then the version from 1998, if anything it should have been longer. can be beaten in less then 3 hours alone.3. Uncreative level design, no different worlds , just doors with numbers. Plus most levels looked alike to me, either it was in a dark cave or in hell is seemed. What happened to like, Mountain, Castle, Town, Cathedral,  Battlefield, and the Underworld.  And having to travel to get there.4.  Not being able to make yourself stronger sucks, you have to buy relics that you can't even use unless you find a potion. and all the armor/weapon upgrades are just for show. ruining any reason for me to play the game again. meaning ZERO replay value to me.5. This game honestly looks like a not free version of Crimson Alliance, except Crimson Alliance it better in everyway. Making it, in my opinion a ripe off of that game.I had such high hopes for this game and i felt they really dropped the ball on this one. I was really looking forward on my down time to play this game a few hours a week and level up all the classes to see how they played when maxed out. And that will not be happening without a leveling system, making no reason for me to play the game again after i beat it. And all the uncreative level design also really ruined the experience even more. then finding out i can't even upgrade my characters, except relics which are one of the dumbest features that are upgraded with gold not XP. And to top it of, to find out it is like a rip off of another game and not even like its former self. Tops it off for me. And this makes this the worst game i ever spent my money on with steam. So Save your money if you expect to have a flashback to 1998 gaunlet series.Over all my opinion on this game, is it's bad and thats that.:("
,Recommended,258970,12319906,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Abdul Alhazred,"If you played the arcade game and/or Gauntlet Legends for the Nintendo 64, you will love this. Its a great addition to Gauntlet thats super fun dungeoneering, mob killing coin stealing and food destroying.A warrior was about to die and was going for some food that was in the middle of a mob so I zapped the mob and the food and he died. 11/10"
,Recommended,258970,12373288,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"Don't let the rather drab, brown screenshots put you off; this is a game that is both dripping with personality and that is remarkably true to the original arcade experience while simultaneously bringing it bang up to date for a modern audience.It's not trying to be something it's not. It's not trying to be Diablo or any kind of RPG; it's trying to be a modern-day Gauntlet. And it's doing so remarkably well. The four characters all play in a distinctly unique fashion -- far more so than in the original game -- and in local co-op in particular it's just a joy to crawl some dungeons together, battling over the loot, the crown and the inevitable arguments over ""who is the best"" on the end-level summary screen.I couldn't say if it would be quite so fun in single-player as I haven't tried it as of the writing of this review, but if you have at least one friend willing to fight alongside you, I can happily give this a solid recommendation."
76561198016046537,Not Recommended,258970,30322696,Posted: 4 March,all,Tapparella,"it was a funny game, but too short and boring after few hours... they never improve the game or introduced new maps... they just let this game die. It's a pity"
,Recommended,258970,24145525,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[)()(] Felix Dulong,Gauntlet is a game with elements. good elements!Mainly the element of surprise that it is this good!You should most likely buy this game.You may be surprised.
,Not Recommended,258970,12468557,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Akka,"Waaay too grindy without nearly enough variety in the levels. The rooms all seem super flat wtihout any variety in height. I remember classic gauntlet games had waterfalls, sprawling valleys, immense wooden towers, human slaughterhouses, cryptic collectables, several diverse bosses, familiars, the circus of the damned, hell, graveyards, plains saturated in green vomitous zepplin filth, caves, cooperative attacks, the list goes on and on.All that's left is *kill 1000 enemies and you'll do five percent more damage* bonuses that rehash the gameplay as poorly as killing floor, alongside what feels like no variety in the dungeons.Worst part is every level wtih death chasing you the graphics go haywire and artifacts make it impossible to see. No other game I play does that so I'm thinking it's not my video card."
76561197966921756,Not Recommended,258970,13594980,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scatterbine,"Unplayable due to terrible controls.Fighting and moving are very difficult.  It's hard to get your character to do what you tell it to.  There are a bunch of special moves and combos and such, but you end up doing them in the wrong direction or missing the enemy that is right next to you.It starts in a tutorial level.  There is one enemy zombie, just walking around in a circle, slowly.  You have to kill the zombie.  It takes 1 or 2 hits.  But doing that will take 5-10 tries and getting the 15 feet to the enemy will require effort.It is frustrating.Of note is that I have 0.2 hours into this game, and that is the most of anybody in my friends list."
,Recommended,258970,32824684,Posted: 26 June,all,Gregg,i just kinda bought this game because my brother forced me to. no regrets on that.
,Recommended,258970,12722000,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BorgCollective,"I do love the game.  While the fun hack and slash co-op feel of the original is wonderfully preserved, the new reboot adds new depth through diversifying the playstyles of the classes.  The in-game interaction between the 4 heroes who are old friends (since 1985) is endearing and nostalgic, the music and stages are beautiful.  Controls feel nice and fluid, and the difficulty levels are well balanced.While many of the negative reviews are true (ie: short content, lack of communication features, need for better matchmaking), the developers of the game do monitor the forums for feedback.Bottom line is: it is great fun, and there's more to come.Edit (Dec 1, 2014): as of this edit, patch 1.04 had gone live, improving many features such as the matchmaking, in-game communication, and rebalancing the classes.  I recommend the game even more highly now."
76561198009261376,Recommended,258970,30146848,Posted: 24 February,all,~JawZ~,"So much fun. Get this one. For all old school Gauntlet players, if you don't have this one, your game library isn't complete."
,Recommended,258970,12406417,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,GoldenGlovez,"Decent game, not much replayability IMO. Feels a lot was left out for future DLC. Good for a day or two of fun."
76561197966510267,Recommended,258970,13847243,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,bax,"If you are looking for storytelling and atmosphere this is not the game for you. The game follows the mechanic of old NES gauntlet - go around the dungeon, opening doors with keys, eating (and destroying) food, and exploding summoning stones. Oh, and killing evil things. LOTS of evil things. SWARMS of evil things, if you dare play on Hard and Unfair modes. That said, I LOVE it. It's an actual skill challenge, and you have to be analytical about it. Button mashing will not get you very far. For me it was a game very worth of its price. I hope the developers keep creating more content, specially more levels."
76561197993394213,Not Recommended,258970,14501119,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,tsp.diraker,"WASD is up, down, left, right. NOT move forward, move backwards, strafe left, strafe right. If this sort of control scheme bothers you (like it does me) expect to use a controller and have issues with crappy aim."
,Recommended,258970,12686009,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"The Gauntlet (not pictured) bestows its powers to those who wield a big Nerf sword, which makes no sense, because you need gauntlets to wield a sword properly"
76561197995860250,Not Recommended,258970,13247277,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Alchemys,"I bought this game as a 4 pack thinking my friends would enjoy it (4 of us total).   However, we all found the game more tedious and annoying than enjoyable.   The reward system in the game makes you want to gouge your eyes out with a dull spoon.   They tie the relics to potions which don't drop frequently enough to make them useful.  You end up ""saving"" the few you do get to the point where they become useless.   A better system would be that the potions boost the effectiveness of your relics.  The relics if not boosted, would be on some timer.  This would give you the thrill of feeling like you had some nice power to use in tight situations, but not make the game seem too easy.   Having potions to boost the effectiveness would give you the option to save the power until a very tough fight or simply clean house when you had the boost active.The other annoying detail is the destructibility of the healing and relic powering potions.  The tight quarters force you to use your powerful aoe spells to survive.  However, those same spells blow up your only means of a) powering your relics and b) healing yourself.  I found myself driven into a frenzy of madness.  You are slivers away from death, surrounded, and forced to use your only means of defense to blow up enemies and unintentionally, your salvation.   We all gave up before we could finish it since the joy was sucked out of the game with annoying mechanics and a terrible loot / reward system."
,Recommended,258970,12812815,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jazz_Master_KC,"Not the same as the older versions, but glad they are still continuing the game and hopefully improve over future. I think they should bring in the skill tree rather than random items and only activated by potions. The potions were originally there to kill anyone in the area including death. Bring that back! :D"
,Recommended,258970,12856301,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Skrzyp,"Really fun arcade dungeon crawler. Amusing solo, but it really shines with multiple friends playing together.Only real downsides is that gold doesn't seem to carry over when you quit the game (although you get to keep your loadout), and that the ending is a bit dissapointing. Wasn't expecting any deep storyline, but something more than essentially a one word dialogue would be nice."
76561198031157923,Not Recommended,258970,12228194,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,roberthinkle32,"Looked forward to playing the old school game remade. Installed it and choose keyboard as my controling style. Sooo wrong way to play. You control how your character moves with w,s,d,a and the mouse with a little X one the screen as to where you attacked. Using the keyboard was horrible. So I plugged in my gamepad. But the game wouldnt let me pick a new controlling method. Even as far as unistalling and re-installing. I couldnt re-pick my controlling method.[for my gamepad] So basicly I should have just thrown my 19$ in the toilet. But hey, someone at least someone made a little money."
76561198044198179,Recommended,258970,12796929,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lord Dunstham,"Brilliant game with the essence of (at least what I remember of) Gauntlet. Might get boring if played alone, but the Quick Play or the hosting capacity of the game makes this problem only a minor setback. The classes are somewhat easy to grasp and get a hold of (except maybe the Wizard, but hey, you're Merlin, come on, cast some spells if it is THAT easy). Only 3 different worlds with 4 levels in each but on higher difficulties, you will have what you paid for. Bring in some friends and brace yourselves, because enemies are coming... and they won't stop soon.Tl;DR : Rolled into an explosive barrel with my archer and burst into pieces, 12/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,258970,12764058,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[CPC] Froh,Repetitive but hard and great in multiplayer. Not so if you play alone.If you don't care about the repetitive part. It can keep you interested.Okay price for the game.
,Not Recommended,258970,22572805,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,artayd2,Underwhelming with 3 other friends in Co-op; mediocre solo
76561197991956925,Not Recommended,258970,15561198,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,o0Decoy0o,For a casual game the mage spell system is overly complicated. Multiplayer is unbalanced and unenjoyable as the cooperative play feels more like a race/competition.
76561198166620870,Recommended,258970,25554711,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"I remember playing Gauntlet Legends on the Dreamcast like it was yesterday. Vibrant colors, outdoorsy environments and good ole' local multiplayer options.Years later and we get this game, it takes a more darker approach with more features - underground dungeons, caves, with a more matured art style. Add some upgrade components and online multiplayer. However, it keeps that same fun-factor by engaging us in addictive gameplay and dark/sarcastic humor.I feel like I could play this game forever and not get tired. There are 4 characters (5 if you purchase the Necromancer dlc) and each character feels totally different changing the experience."
,Recommended,258970,12206667,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,Lot's of fun and a severe trip back to my childhood. I have been waiting for this game for a long time and I didn't even know it.I can't wait till I canget some of my YouTuber friends playing along with me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6cDaXT2xPMGrab this game you wont regret it!
76561197999731785,Not Recommended,258970,15551996,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,dusK,game isnt really reminiscent of the original gauntlet legends... and its way too short. finished the entire thing in less than 6 hours. not really worth the money unless u get it on a 75% off sale or something
,Recommended,258970,12235159,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BladeTwinSwords,"Well, it certainly is Gauntlet. The issue I have is that it isn't quite up to par with Legends or Dark Legacy. Everything else is more or less what I expected. Good enough I suppose. Sucks hard single player and you better hope you have friends.B-"
,Not Recommended,258970,12312410,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,chongkhb,Not worth the money for a mediore game.
76561197960806937,Recommended,258970,12379968,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ThunderG0D,"Just like old school gauntlet, same bad teammates...just better graphics."
76561198046733827,Recommended,258970,12430952,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,BenWalmsley,"I've been seeing a lot of mixed reviews regarding the content of this game.  As a hardcore Gauntlet II (1989) NES fan, this game is meant to be casually played in a room full of friends, ideally with a few beers and pizzas.  It was not meant to be a multiplayer Skyrim.  As someone who has personally put many hours into this game with 4-players on local co-op, this game is now my ""Hammerwatch party"" replacement, and i love every minute of it.  If you want a game to play with friends when they come over, do yourself a favor and get a few usb controllers and it will be an absolute blast.  The repetition is not what i would call a downfall, for it is what always made this series.  It encourages cooperation and trial-and-error whenever a poorly-planned mob-filled LEEROY JENKINS room becomes a massacre.  And for me personally, it's pretty hilarious when your party gets mobbed like King Joffery in the streets of Flea Bottom, even if you and all your friends end up dying.TL:DR version: Red Warrior shot the food.  Buy the damn game."
76561198064140650,Recommended,258970,12494065,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,shetter999,Great game.  I would recommend this one.
,Recommended,258970,12384322,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Man-dalls,Very fun nostalgia all the way with the Guantlet. Not sure how i feel about the skills but all in all a very fun and easy game.
,Recommended,258970,15807958,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Zizo,"The game is nice.Only for a day or two and especially if you plan to play with friends.After beating it twice in a single day there is nothing else to do.There is no future plans. The only extra thing you can get by paying is the Necromancer which is over powered and literally fills the screen with minions making other players feel lost.Yes, buy it for a 4 hour party but don't expect more.There are hardly any players online but this is not the point, you won't be either after playing it for 2 days."
,Recommended,258970,12217644,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Nowhere2Be,Buy it. You like the Gauntlet series? Buy it. Never played it? Doesn't matter. Buy it.
76561197987805863,Recommended,258970,12245330,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RatzUk,"Purchased this to play online with my clan buddies as some light relief..While originally fun to play this soon turned to frustration.'Death' chasing you every other level is monotonous, evade him by runninground in circles, he finally disappears only to return10 seconds later. This makes progression slow and tedious.A save game feature at the end of each level would also be helpful !"
76561198059694231,Recommended,258970,12215590,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,GETrain,"Loved the game!I experienced a flew glitches here and there,hopefully you can add more options in changing the graphic settings of the game"
76561198042330533,Recommended,258970,16491376,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Litran,I can't tell you how much I've missed this game... 11/10
76561198063236722,Not Recommended,258970,18105648,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Tukaw,only 3 zones with 5 levels each and 1 boss at the end of each zone. super short and unless you like playing levels over again dont buy
,Not Recommended,258970,12368638,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MajorDragoon1991,"I love Gauntlet!  The series, the feel of the game, and all that the Gauntlet series has offered up to this point.  However, I'm a bit dissapointed with Gauntlet for the PC.  Briefly put, this game falls short of my expectations.  I expected to see more levels, abilitys, and monsters.  To start, the feel of the original Gauntlet is missing.  I jumped into the first few levels, and didn't feel absorbed into the Gauntlet world, and the feel of the levels fall a bit short as well.  The game boasts 12 levels and in the end it just doesn't feel like enough.  An endless mode, or additional levels would be nice to see in the game.The game isn't horrible, but it's not what I like in Gauntlet games.  I expect to jump into a game and play with 4 people and feel like I'm playing Gauntlet.  I feel that this game may meet that potential after a few updates.  I will still be playing the game, but it does not meet these expectations.  I hope that some changes are made."
76561197971975077,Recommended,258970,16223231,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lord of the BAWz,"*scaled rating at the end. This review is based on single player experience.*Thumbs up because I like the franchise.  BUT....This is not the gauntlet that you know and love.  It reminds me more of Bastion but Bastion is much better.  This a rogue-like game but with NO RPG elements.  Your character does not get better at all.  But the monsters get tougher and more plentiful.The achievement masteries, I guess, are supposed to be the RPG elements.  But adding 1% damage does nothing as an achievement payoff.  That's like giving a whale a tic-tac.  The potions are almost useless.  Some sections you get very few so you cant use the relics you buy.Believe the other reviews that say it short.  VERY short.  And the replay value is absolutely boring.  The developers expect  you to play each character (5 with the DLC) on each difficulty level (4).  To be a completist and unlock all the masteries, this is what you have to do.  And playing the wizard is a grindfest.I bought this day one because I love the Gauntlet franchise.  I pumped many quarters in the original arcade machine and played all the nintendo games.  It's fun but this is not Guantlet.  DONOT spend full price.  Wait for an 80% off sale.Graphics 9/10Audio 9/10Controls/UI 9/10Immersion 7/10Grind Level 8/10Replay Value 2/10Overall fun 5/10"
,Recommended,258970,16481786,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,tzirrit,"Elf made the tactical decision to destroy the food. Impressive!There is not much to write: Gauntlet just is SO MUCH FUN! If you like a light-hearted hack and slash ARPG that is easy to pick up, but takes a while to master - Gauntlet is just the perfect game. No matter if single player, or in a party - Gauntlet is just so polished and simply satisfying to play."
76561197993732015,Recommended,258970,13335468,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Clark W. Griswold,The most comprehensive eating simulator out there.
76561197967223855,Not Recommended,258970,16771384,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CakenSyrup,I can never find anyone online to play this game with.  Community seems dead.  Single player is hard as hell.
,Recommended,258970,12227690,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,OneHandFPS,I love this game so much! This is the original dungeon crawler!  I'd love to see more items and some DLC! So much fun to run through with your friends and destroy everything!
,Recommended,258970,12285257,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,riglow,Great. Even better with friends. Removes some of the ease of early Gauntlets by making each character have unique attacks and defense mechanisms. Further character customization comes from relics which you can choose based on your style. Armor 'upgrades' also appear but seem solely aesthetic and give no stats boost. Not nearly as long as previous versions of Gauntlet.
,Recommended,258970,12218727,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Neimoon,"It really does bring back some of the good old days of playing gauntlet.  No, it's not exact, but if you take it as what Gauntlet really was back then, it's a great remake.  My only request is to make a random dungeon generator for it, since replayability could be limited.  Definitely worth the $20 for this game."
,Recommended,258970,12223391,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,alhxcex,"Its just great. I absolutely love it.I was a huge fan of the earlier games in the series, so I was sceptical about this one.Definitely true to the series, and the online co-op is super fun.can't. stop. playing.Totally recommend this game!"
76561197989998171,Recommended,258970,17003130,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FSCBSoldat,Fantastic. A tough game. Great for 4 player local.
,Recommended,258970,12381410,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Killer Rhubarb,DONT SHOOT THE FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198055068783,Not Recommended,258970,13224236,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Voltrec,"im highly disappointed by this game i expected much more this game has even less content than the orignal gauntets. if it was possible i would 100% refund this game and buy an old playstation with the 20$ i spent on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, invest 5 more dollors and buy the orignal gauntlet."
76561198046647663,Not Recommended,258970,13239303,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Lobo,"Finished the single-player campaign (with one character) in about 8 hours, on normal difficulty. For a total of 12 levels. And now I just need to keep playing in the harder difficulty settings and with the rest of the characters...ARE YOU KIDDING ME???I remember the first Gauntlet back in the days and you could keep playing forever, in different levels. This was a waste of my money."
,Recommended,258970,13243848,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,z0mbie_f3tus,"DO NOT BUY GAUNTLET AT FULL PRICEGauntlet is extremely nostalgic, yet over-hyped.Co-Op is essential, it's worthless to play alone.The game feels empty and repetitive, there's not much diversity or charm in the graphics and level design.It feels like a ""Bare-Bones"" Diablo 3, stripping every mechanic but combat. It's almost literally a remake of the original Gauntlet games.Buy it when it's a deal and play with a group of friends for good ol' times, then put it away forever."
,Recommended,258970,13607296,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Von Cena,Nothin' beats shootin' meat.
,Recommended,258970,13584867,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[LoB] Red,- Elf needs food.. Badly.- Wizard destroyed the food..11/10 will ♥♥♥♥ up the Elf again.
,Recommended,258970,14491585,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Root,funnnnnnnnnnnn
,Recommended,258970,23451942,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"Had this game since release and I've never once reviewed it.While it had a rough start, the modern reimagining of Gauntlet is a pretty enjoyable dungeon romp that you shouldn't miss. It might disappoint those looking for a classic experience or those expecting the Dark Legends style of Gauntlet, but its got its own style that stands tall all on its own."
,Recommended,258970,26418324,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Leech,Good old Gauntlet <3
,Not Recommended,258970,18101604,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Raxnac,"This game could have been a nice dungeon running game again, but the screen keeps jumping around every time a room locks doors for fights. Even NPC don't respond for a time, but when regaining control over the own character, the horde of monsters is too close to kill them (wizard) so u die. Can't beat this cause the game mecanic is broken."
,Recommended,258970,30666554,Posted: 22 March,all,kiDŌ,"It's my second time playing gauntlet (first on mobile), I must say it doesn't quite the same game I used to play. Even though I'm still enjoying it, it feels so repetitive.The gameplay is fun, you just have to wipe all the horde and loot the gold all by yourself for maximum greediness.7.5/10"
,Recommended,258970,13316386,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,[TB]Superviser,Great fun with 4 players local coop!
,Recommended,258970,12227174,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Tay the Bae,"I read a lot of these reviews and a lot are not taking in to account that this game was built to be played with your friends just like in the arcade if your not playing it co-op your not playing it right... HOWEVER Solo is still a great experience considering your can choose between your favorite class and level them all up individually and with VERY good difficulty options.Playing the game on Normal was great fun. Then bumping it up to hard I almost didn't notice a difference at first, until I all of a sudden realized I was not winning anymore. So I knew something about making it harder was working but I could not figure out what it was. The game does a really good job and making it hard without making it feel like its impossible.Then there was Unfair mode, still with that same feeling. I feel as if I can manage to get through the simplified dungeon layouts after learning them on normal mode but instantly get shutdown with in the 4th or 5th room. With time I'm sure I will become better at the game and pick up and make my own techniques for getting past dungeons on Unfair mode. I just LOVE how hard the game can get.A LOT more about this game is great. Despite having the same general dungeon layouts the game has GREAT replay value."
,Recommended,258970,30383499,Posted: 7 March,all,Burninater49,"Any one who has played to original will enjoy this game. I played the game on PS4 and beat it as wizard. I had a fun time playing this game. To play all the classes you need to learn how to use and need to pick one that is best used for your play style. The pc version I feel that to play the wizard you need to play with a controller but, that could just be because i have not played that much with the keyboard. The only bad tthing that I have to say about this game is that the story mode is to short. They make up the small story with endless mode and an arena which you can both play a ton of time. I am really happy that I get to play this game again. I like how easy the game is play with 4 people on the same sceen. Most of the time it is hard to find people to play the storyu with but, the game is fun with or without people."
,Recommended,258970,12310923,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,hoberion,"Excellent game, wish it had more levels, done in a few hours :("
,Recommended,258970,13301246,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,bliseR,"Would recommend game, if on sale.  It is really short unless you want to grind for days to get a silly achivement.   I just think they didn't put enough content in it; it felt like a mobile app."
,Recommended,258970,16771809,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jewpacabra,"Great take on the classic Gauntlet games. Played with a friend through the main story on normal. While I would pick this game back up when more friends are over, I would not play this by myself. The gameplay does become a bit repetitive, but is still engaging none the less."
76561198021229973,Recommended,258970,12241213,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,seedleSs.,"If you loved the original Gauntlet series before Midway Games manhandled it and turned it into a big steaming pile of hate, then this is the remake for you! Arrowhead Studios has built for us a fresh experience that stays true to the original. Any real Gauntlet fan will not be disappointed by this one."
,Recommended,258970,32003035,Posted: 27 May,all,SecretServiceOO,"Fun multiplayer hack'n'slash, easy to jump into and learn."
76561197960445577,Recommended,258970,12907632,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,gothicq,Fun Game truely...but way way to short on content.
76561198028367465,Recommended,258970,12932480,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,MrStitch,"So far i'm loving this game. Good balance, each character has obvious weak sides. Wish i had the option to upgrade more, but for what it is, it's a great dungeon crawler. Definately better with friends."
,Recommended,258970,13210046,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,VacuumPillow,"Challenging without being awkward; a pared-down set of solid mechanics and atmosphere common to action RPG's embedded in an action-arcade game. Great co-op fun. Enough depth (via team dynamics) to engage without so much that the action is compromised.I haven't played through much of it so it might be light on content. I would have preferred random, procedurally-generated levels for better replay value. Probably needs a few like-minded friends to make it worth your while, but if you've got that it probably is.I haven't played the original Gauntlet so I don't know how this compares, but this seems well-executed and sleek, to me, without necessarily reaching for the stars."
76561198034824906,Recommended,258970,32266036,Posted: 8 June,all,trancemobile,Old Nintendo favorite!!!
,Recommended,258970,14491192,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,WarHawk,"This is a game you're going to need some friends for. Nice thing is you can throw two people on one PC. Grab a controller and keyboard & mouse and away you two go. Good for a LAN party, keep up exceitment. The trash talking gets real as you yell and scream at people for making a wrong move. I find myself playing this for hours more. Enjoy"
,Recommended,258970,14491773,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,connorcaughlin1,"Narrator: Thor needs food badly.Narrator: Elf is starving.Narrator: The skillful Valkyrie made a tactical decision to destroy the food!Narrator: Warrior has died.Lilith: So much for muscles.Thyra: Get back in the fight Thor!---------Really funny game, and it is really fun when you enter online mode.1337/69 would die again.---NOTE: If you have poor quality WiFi, this game may not be for you."
,Recommended,258970,14473027,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Squiddlez,"I remember the days of playing Gauntlet Legends in an arcade and Dark Legacy at home with friends. A must have for anyone, simple controls, fun gameplay, lots of replay value, nice graphics, Controller and Mouse/Keyboard support."
,Recommended,258970,12213926,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Amaterasu,Game is highly enjoyable. im just confused as to why the wizard must be so complex compared to the other characters...also there should be a windowed fullscreen option - whenever i tab out the border reappears and i have to use Alt + Enter to fix it.
,Recommended,258970,12214359,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Nikola's Trampoline,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I grew up playing Dark Legacy and man, that game was so cool. This game takes it into a more Magicka feeling style, but it's still very reminiscent of the beating up orcs and skeletons and such that I did as a kid. There are some negatives to this game, though. There are only four playable characters, which means no dwarf, no jester, just the Warrior, Wizard, Archer, and Valkyrie. There also seems to be a lot of audio lag and distortion, which will most likely be fixed in an update. 8/10, this game is cool as heck."
,Recommended,258970,12211739,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Benny,"This game is an example of what all other game makers should do.Not only is it an amazing and great Gauntlet game, but it is only $20 which is amazingly nice.Get it. Now. ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,258970,12211802,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ganon,"mystical wizards, bloodthirsty monsters, endless fortunes, and chicken. succulent juicy chicken."
,Recommended,258970,12212277,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Phrostbyte21,"Personally I think $20 is a little pricey for this type of game. There are a few games that are pretty close to this, with just as good looking that are F2P. Also, the voice acting can be a bit cheesy at times (It sounds like the person voicing the elf is faking the accent.) But it's hard to not enjoy a good hack and slash game. I mean, who doesn't like blowing through hundreds of enimies per floor, and collecting tons of gold as you do it? Plus playing with friends would be awesome! Now I just need to find 3 friends..."
76561197964003991,Recommended,258970,12213856,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,cajun,Classic dungeon crawl. If you liked hammerwatch you'll love this HD version of the same game :P. This game plays more like its roots and not like the recent arcade series. If you played the NES version its time to relive your childhood.
,Recommended,258970,12211520,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BlitzCraig,Gauntlet is a friggin sweet game! Classic dungeon crawling hack 'n' slashing action for you and your friends! I seriously recommend it if you like slaying hordes of monsters but don't care so much for items and stats.
76561198073595582,Recommended,258970,12212622,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Harvester in a Box,"Experience Gauntlet for the first time or as a returning player, raid the darkness with your friends and have a blast doing it! This game is pretty challengeing, but solid teamwork and a bit of luck can help you pull through the hordes of beasts you will come across. This game is everything i could have wanted in a new Gauntlet title and so much more, i HIGHLY recommend it if your into dungeon crawlers or just another game to sit down with some friends and play. Whats nice is that if you use a gamepad, a buddy can jump on your PC and play along with you for some local co-op fun."
76561198065570374,Recommended,258970,12212282,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dr. Vapes,"Everything I imagined it to be and more! Played it solo until my old Gauntlet crew came over and we are still playing, had to stop just to post this! Note to all those ranged players. STOP SHOOTING THE FOOD!"
,Recommended,258970,12214609,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ar.scarfino,"Streamed this game on launch with 3 other friends and we had a BLAST on hard mode. Hardmode feels like a difficult version of diablo 3.Great game, really enjoy the relic possibilities with your characters. I did my first game as a barbarian and am really enjoying the in your face action.If you're a fan of the series, this is a steal for $20."
76561198076033187,Recommended,258970,12228418,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Sigvald,"Well, i see another 100+ hrs going into this game, absolutely addictive! 9/10"
,Not Recommended,258970,12418743,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Disc-OH!,Very repetitive
76561198005956828,Recommended,258970,18452534,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Kuregan,"This is the first PC game I've ever played that had local multiplayer like a console. I'm sure others exist, but for that reason alone and turning an otherwise boring night with friends into a great ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of nerdy joy and cake (I'm sure you can feel the sweaty geek humidity from wherever you are)Allowed me to relive some childhood fun that was Gauntlet Legends through a barrage of cheesy generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Well worth my $5"
,Recommended,258970,13176287,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,snakeboy309,Amazing revamp of the classic series very fun. Xbox controller make the whole gameplay much better!
,Recommended,258970,26606117,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Great_Snake,If you don't really love gauntlet then you wont like it.
76561197995436761,Recommended,258970,12532867,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,jcaracc2003,"I like it but I do have a few reservations. It does capture the feel of classic quarter eating Gauntlet - to a point. But, I think it is also trying to be a Diablo type game and it falls short trying to be two things at once.  There is a great C64 game published by EA called Raid on Doomfang. It featured 100 levels and a level designer - good times!Also, I am puzzled as to why this game is poorly optimized. It runs very HOT whereas games like Kingdoms of Amalur - admittedly not a Cry Engine GPU killer - barely cause a blip in GPU temps.I am hopeful that either level randomization and/or a leve editor will be added to Gauntelt 2014 to give it some legs. As it stands now, it is fun for VERY short bursts of time. Come on devs, please flesh ut the skeleton?"
76561198022266545,Recommended,258970,12580582,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating8/10The latest in Gauntlet remakes but definately the most loyal to the original which I played hours and hours of on the Commodore 64 back in the day.  An excellent arcade game in its own right but the Gauntlet fans of old will get a real good kick out of this and be treated to some nice memories along the way Elf Needs Food Badly!Playing solo or with as many as 4 in your team it is pretty easy to get through the game but very enjoyable all the same.  Strong points are the combat, smooth screen scrolls and animations, the ease of playability and of course the loyalty to the original game that shines through.Weak point is the length of the game which is quite short and can be done in about 5 hours.Great value for the money and if you are an old school gamer like me then say no more and buy it then thank me later :)"
76561198013830340,Not Recommended,258970,18090681,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Hurtantorttu,"This 2014 edition of Gauntlet is a game I want to like, but that's simply impossible. It's a tedious, monotonous game with serious design problems. The game recently got polished into Gauntlet: Slayer Edition, but the problems remained.Conclusion: looks good, but not worth of any money. Maybe, if you get it for free, or as a part of humble bundle. Otherwise, no.Regrettably, this game is not fun to play at all.After 4 to 5 first levels the game starts to repeat itself. First levels are fairly enjoyable, but after that: nothing new. Controlling game characters (4 different + 1 dlc) is not rewarding, because most of the time your character is very hard to spot from the screen. That's because of three of the worst design flaws: walls obstruct your view, the viewpoint (camera) is zoomed out way too far away from your character AND the levels have very few light sources.Playing the game makes you wish you had binoculars and a flashlight pointed at the screen.How about multiplayer mode? You need a friend for that, because there is never anyone playing multiplayer otherwise. Once you get online with your friend, you will experience even more design flaws. You think you cannot get motion sickness from a game? I dare you to try this one on multiplayer mode. Have a bucket next to you when you try. I mean, what were the devs thinking? On single-player you have to strain your eyes to be able see your tiny character on a dim screen, and on multiplayer mode the screen jumps and jolts around making sure you'll vomit, or at least get a headache.Even if I pretend I can endure the flaws I mentioned, the boring map design and clearing a floor after a floor from the same enemies over and over again is just not worth the time. It is very sad to give this game thumbs down, because I really loved previous Gauntlet games, such as Gauntlet: Dark Legacy and the original Gauntlet and Gauntlet 2. Yes, even the original Gauntlet is less monotonous than this one. At least the original Gauntlet had proper level design and a feeling of progress in the game."
76561197966743011,Recommended,258970,18391948,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Gen Morph,"Gauntlet may seem like the standard dungeon crawler at first but the gameplay is nothing short of glorious. As you tear through swarms of goons like a kid and christmas presents, the first glimpse you catch is the Warrior spinning his axe. Then you spot the Elf rapid-firing shots from a distance. Amidst the chaos you notice the Wizard blasting off spells and the Valkyie handing out slayings. What makes the game special is that four player unity. Together the players bring out the best of what a modern co-op game should, and in harmonious fashion. The evidence is in the legacy. The game isn't perfect. Then again the best things never are.Note: This is for Pre-Slayer Edition. RIP."
76561197963823916,Recommended,258970,16872702,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,lowly barista [zani],"7 hours of game for $20.  It's fun, but then its done, and then there is nothing left to do."
,Recommended,258970,17263111,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Verho (W is stuck! sorry),"Are you wishing to find something similar to good old Diablo 2, but with the ability to move with the WASD-keys, aim with the mouse and more or less wave-zombie-survival-like gameplay? Look no further.Gauntlet is a great game for both playing solo or in a party. Choose one of five classic characters:Barbarian (aka The Warrior)Valkyre (aka The Tank)Archer (-_-)Wizard (aka Invoker's little bro)or Necromancer (aka The DLC-chick)and get into the fight through the vast dungeons full of monsters, traps, TURKEY and GOLD! The more you play and the more you kill - the more powerful you get, opening new bonuses and abilities.Sharpen your axe and spear, stretch your bow or ....? your spellbook and dive into action!"
76561198039263759,Recommended,258970,17344247,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lucky,"Excellent multiplayer action. Very well-balanced characters, extreme difficulty. A worthy successor to the hit arcade!"
,Recommended,258970,25550676,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Vernalis,Its fun to play with friends. Buy it dont think about it :)
76561197987168548,Not Recommended,258970,24508949,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,thermite187,This game needs a better checkpoint system. Some might like the gameplay but I did not unfortunately. A controller is probably less confusing I presume this was a console export. Graphics are ok. It just didn't draw me in or keep me interested.
,Not Recommended,258970,13046200,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Matthew,"No voice or text chat means there is no way to strategize or interact with other players other than running around in circles. The developers said they want to make the game as close as an experience to the original arcade as possible, but are actually using that as an excuse to avoid programming more. If you are standing at an arcade machine with three of your other friends there's nothing preventing you from using your voice. The game is also unforgiving. Even on easy difficulty you should have at least three people in your party or it will be tough to proceed. Getting more people to join you should be simple, but the developers opted for the archaic ""quick join"" feature for multiplayer instead of giving players a list of lobbies. This means that you could click quick join and wait for minutes to join a game not knowing whether anyone is actually playing a public game at the difficulty you selected. All of this equals an unsatisfying multiplayer experience unless you know well three other people that all want to play and have the game. $80 for you and three of your friends to play a game where you can't communicate is a bad deal."
,Recommended,258970,14631512,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Bangi.ȿℬℰ skinhub,Its og Son...
,Recommended,258970,15492175,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Elektrolysis,I can only recommend this game if you have friends to co-op with on a regular basis as the single player isn't compelling enough on its own to warrant a purchase.
,Recommended,258970,23951051,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,{Broken} Connasse,Great game to play with some friends
76561197974773679,Not Recommended,258970,12213858,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Allahs Pilot,This game was suspose to be awesome.  Maybe in time it will be polished but as far as it goes so far its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,258970,12214124,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,No Cookies 4 U,"Awesome if you like the style of gameplay from the original Gauntlet. If you like the preview videos of the gameplay, chances are you'll like the game.There is one annoying thing, though. Playing Merlin online. You compete for gold with the other players, and he has, by far, the longest cooldown on his dash ability. This means you're pretty much always getting the least gold. He also has more utility, but he has to use a lot more skills to be on equal ground to other characters. If you like challenges he'll be a great character. Seems to have a few OP abilities, but the cooldown on them is long enough to make him boring for me. But if you don't mind slightly longer cooldowns but a lot more options, maybe he'll be good for you. Just be sure to save that dash for getting gold, if possible (half the time it's not possible). Players are brutal on this game when it comes to gold, but it's all in good fun.10/10"
,Not Recommended,258970,12213946,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,yeash95,Wayyyy too short beat it in five hours on normal.......10/10 wouldn't buy
76561198029330742,Recommended,258970,12281585,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,The Mad Munchkin,Very well done. Reminds me of the old days. The addition of relics is a nice boost and adds a little more to customizing your Toon.  The only downside is there is no chat. If you're playing with friends vent/TS/mumble are simple solutions but if your in a group of random folk you are S.o.L. At the same time its nice to ninja the gold and not have to hear some 12 yr old screaming in my ear.
,Not Recommended,258970,13172901,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Snakeblade,"Honestly this game dissapointed at every turn. As a long time fan of Gauntlet I have loved the action, unique world, humor and challenge of many gauntlet games but non of those appear in this rehash of a beloveld fanchise. All humor has been removed (which is ok, Gauntlet doesn't need to be funny) but it's replaced with dry attempt at what I can only guess is ""wit"" written to be understood by a 5 year old. The gameplay is stale, it's your typical button mash dungeon crawler with each class having a ""unique"" set of attacks. Unfortunately this leads to the final issue of difficulty, there is none. You will have no problems clearing mobs with simple repetition even on the hardest difficulties."
76561198044709703,Recommended,258970,15721911,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"I can choose a ""meh"" option? I mean its an okay game, but not what I remember Gauntlet to be. Whether its just my preferences have changed over the years or it just didn't capture the magic of its legendary arcade version, its not something I really want to play after the novelty wore off."
76561197992006946,Recommended,258970,16614615,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,glotys,"If you want to have some fun with your friends, then buy this game, if you want to play alone, THEN DON'T BUY IT! It's definetly a game oriented for co-op and you'll need to be 4 player to fully enjoy the game."
,Recommended,258970,25605493,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Eronico,So... freaking... addictive...! It is required that you develop real skills and I love that in a game.
76561197972186670,Recommended,258970,13638566,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[OTG] Ellh,"I used to spend my evenings playing Gauntlet at the local pub during my college years. Later on, I got the game on the Amiga. Since then, I have waited to find a faithful successor to the original game. After having played this version of Gauntlet, I can honestly say that I found it. This game is as addictive as the original. You get that kind of rush when your life is almost depleeted and you are looking for a little bit of food. Great game, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,258970,13758170,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CKC ~ 陳嘉俊,"So addictive to play with friends. Was searching for a game that reminded me of Champions of Norrath on the PS2. Couldn't have matched the description more when I saw Gauntlet. 10 Hrs on first day so far, the hard modes are really challenging matched with the time you have to spend restarting the dungeon again.Hope there'll be more DLC for this in the future!"
,Recommended,258970,15057890,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,To The Mars,Challenging and funny dungeon crawler with a lot of content.Was really fun playing this with a friend in coop.The only thing i´d have to complain about are the boss designs.They could have been improved in many many ways.But still recommended if you are a fan of this genre :)
76561198077025018,Recommended,258970,12393440,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"Arrowhead has adopted the franchise from Midway Games and has decided to reboot it.Not re-iterate the story, not make a sequel, but to reboot it. In order to do so, they decided to go back to the original arcade games from the 1980's and take a few pointer tips for their inspiration of level design.However, instead of endless dungeons that the originals produced, this game focuses on more of a linear storyline.Three worlds - One Boss per worldFour levels each -Three stages per level (Explore, Race, Challenge Arena)Four difficulties - Easy, Normal, Hard, UnfairFour characters to select, five with DLC - Warrior, Knight, Wizard, Elf, & Necromancer*Online and Local Co-op with up to three other players!Different Masteries per character to unlockGone are the days of treasure chests and a variety of potions to unleash upon the hordes.Nowadays we are prone to smashing pots and boxes for gold. You do collect a potion throughout the entire game, you use these to display your special ability in combat. Special abilties can be bought at the in-game store and you can have up to two at once.Different skins for your weapon and character are buyable as well, but they are just for looks.Many complain this game is bland, but it is really just inspired by the ""bland-ness"" of 1980's retro arcade games. The look and feel is all intentional. If you enjoy that nostalgia, then the price is worth it.It is a retro rpg - hack and slash - dungeon crawler.You either love it or you shame it.8/10"
,Recommended,258970,12307618,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,NA,"This game is probably the most epic game i have seen in the hack and slash genre.The game is like gauntlet legaccy mixed with a Diablo twist. Give the game a chance, it truly is amazing.11/10"
76561198160578985,Recommended,258970,12817136,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,lheures,Game is fun seems fairly hard for solo play Multi player is where the real fun is!
76561198063480065,Recommended,258970,12822955,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,galiphrai,Fantastic remake! Has a great nostalgia touch of the old sega version.
,Recommended,258970,12841858,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,cyberasta11,"Gauntlet is simple and mindles, yet at the same time enjoyable and satisfying. If you want to enjoy a relatively short gaming session with friends and still achieve something in the end then this is the game for you. I absolutely enjoyed Get Medieval so getting Gauntlet to play with my friends was really a no-brainer. From the looks of it the developers are listening to feedback and working on new content so I will definitely be coming back to this game. PM me if you need a Merlin! :)"
76561198065085772,Not Recommended,258970,30321314,Posted: 4 March,all,MattNBike,"If I reviewed within the first two years I'd say pick it up. Now with the changes... let's say the videos on the store page show ablities that are no longer in the game. I wasn't even mad that I beat the game on hard with character and the devs at some point reset everyones leves for a new dungon structure.While yes new weapons, talismins and relics have been added for new ablities. Your better items require in game currency. Luckly I played enough with characters I had a bank load with each(except the DLC). Also some of the graphics are better.The biggest thing changed was removed from  Masteries. You gain Masteries by doing something in game. Kill 5000 skeletons bronze, 10000 skeletons silver and 15000 skeletons gold. While you still get the Masteries at those levels you got a 5%, 10% and 20% damage bonus against those types of enimies. This made so you clear faster, help others level faster and made the harder levels balanced with players.Now each charater has about 2 maybe 3 viable builds with what is avalible. The Masteries bonus damage/health made for more viable balanced builds with 6 or so relics that was in the game at the start."
76561198020484842,Recommended,258970,12821919,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,space monkey pirate (Elite D),"i love this game, theres just one problem, lacks content...... lacks maps theres about 9 diffrent lvls and 3 boss fights.To make this game AWESOME tons more maps and stats on weapons and armour even if they are slight upgrades.More weapons and more armour skins.i give it 6.5 out of 10.If you added more content to the game i would give it 8 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,258970,13109902,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,celien,"The game play is good but the game seriusly lack content, it gets borring and it gets borring fast.Game is basicly same as the orginal and no story."
,Recommended,258970,13627155,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pacmondo,Great fun for having a few friends over for some Couch Co-Op. Also great for online. Lots of fun for everyone.
,Not Recommended,258970,13175132,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mallot,Really frustrating! Tried this in 2-player co-op and we're getting destroyed in the 2nd stage. What did you do with my quarter sucking co-op game? I want it back!
,Recommended,258970,13600200,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Devil `Legit,"A great remake of a great clasic game.fun to play, good quality, recommend for anyone who likes the game genre."
76561198019387413,Recommended,258970,13679696,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rzt99,"Great Game. Many Spells, Attacks and upgrades. Nice atmosphere."
,Recommended,258970,13821625,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bliitzkriegx;,It's alright.
,Not Recommended,258970,20585552,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,weretable and the undead chairs,"Gauntlet is not a terrible game to kill some time with, especially if you play with friends but if you choose to pick it up I suggest that you only get it on sale.  It has too many flaws for me to recommend it at full price.It strays a bit from the classic titles but is still a pretty simple arcade-style game and does not get too bogged down with overly complex additions.  There are some light gear grinds in the game, you have a few different weapons and other items which you can purchase with gold and some cosmetic cloaks you can unlock through arenas, but that is about it.  It is pretty easy to get gold in the game although it can be a bit monotonous to grind enough to buy everything.  There is a campaign mode with three difficulties but no real story to speak of, not that this type of game needs one.  There is also an endless floor mode which starts extremely easy but ramps up to be quite difficult in a hurry.Endless mode should be where the game shines, unfortunately the levels are terribly unbalanced and you can go through several floors in a row that are easy enough to be boring only to have a floor with a very small room so packed with enemies that it is nearly impossible to kite, making it extremely tedious to proceed.  Also the camera in this game is absolutely horrible so if you are playing with friends and you end up kiting in opposite directions it will attempt to keep  all of you on screen rather than focusing on your character.  This can lead to you being stuck at the very edge of your screen not able to see what is happening around you.  I would say the camera was responsible for more of my cooperative play deaths than anything else.The Death mob is present but works differently than in Gauntlet 2.  He takes up quite a bit of screen real estate and has a huge aura which can sometimes make it hard to see other enemies and projectiles.  If he touches you it is an instant kill, at least on the classes I have played.  This could actually be somewhat fun on long corridors when you are constantly running and killing  what you can as you go, but when you get locked into a room with a large number of mobs, spawners and bullet-sponge minibosses and also have death and his giant blob of color to deal with, it stops feeling challenging and just feels cheap.The old Gauntlet games threw ridiculous hordes at you but the gameplay was just more enjoyable than it is here.   If Death was not quite as obnoxious and the camera did not continually cause problems I would find it easier to recommend.  If you want an okay coop game that you can get ten or twenty hours out of, pick it up on sale but do not expect too much out of it.  If you want to scratch the Gauntlet itch, just go fire up one of the old arcade titles because this game misses that mark."
76561197999292284,Recommended,258970,21051311,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,peecha,"Well thats just bad luck, bought the 4 pack on friday and next day there is 66% sale :("
76561198034820876,Recommended,258970,12213813,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MuffinButton696,"EEERRRRMAAAGOD! great game! i have been playing with my friend most of the day(had to take some breaks sadly).  Get the game, im 99% sure you will like it!"
76561198001182793,Not Recommended,258970,17536360,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,SwordBreaker,The Slayer Edition update destroyed the game for me. I honestly cannot comprehend why they decided to downgrade a well made and fun pc game into something that looks like a broken port of a $hitty console game.I definitely do NOT recommend this game !
,Recommended,258970,12326015,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Cremè Caramel,"I've had a lot of fun with this game so far. The characters each have their own advantages and disadvantages to complement their unique play styles. The game also proved somewhat challenging to beat on unfair difficulty. My only complaints are that it's currently a bit too grindy, requiring you to get over 200,000 kills to complete all of the class's mastery pages. Additionally, the devs have yet to implement random level generation akin to the old arcade-style Gauntlet. Instead, there are only three sections of the game, each is broken into 4 chapters. Three chapters in every set of four contain 3 levels each, the fourth containing the boss fight. Each set of 3 levels is mostly the same: the first always a challenge level with keys, locked doors, and monster summoners, the second always an ""escape level"" of sorts with a constantly respawning threat (Death, spiders, demons), and the third an arena-style level with monster summoners that takes place in one room. Furthermore, all of the bossfights have the very simplified mechanic of avoiding the boss for a set amount of time until they become vulnerable, then attacking them for about 5 seconds before they become invincible again. Rinse and repeat. Despite these complaints, the game is still a lot of fun to play with friends provided two or more of you didn't want to play the same class. This game is worth it if you can spit the cost of the four pack, but I'd wait for it to go on sale to buy it just for yourself unless you already have people to play it with."
76561198018319450,Not Recommended,258970,12223657,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,pzgilchrist,Absolutely TERRIBLE Mouse and Keyboard controls that completely undermine the game. Never seen anything that bad. £15 up the spout already. Thanks a bunch.
76561198120625584,Not Recommended,258970,23519541,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,cerohaven™,♥♥♥♥ slayer edition it ruined this game
76561198053468073,Recommended,258970,31958811,Posted: 25 May,all,ups_guy313,Valiant effort at recreating the classic Gauntlet experience for veterans and a great stand alone game for younger gamers unfamiliar with the series.
,Not Recommended,258970,14952368,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lemon [F+],"Yeah, I regret this purchase."
76561197990855491,Recommended,258970,12210953,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kurraak,"Beautiful game all around, very enjoyable on the big screen!  Love it!"
,Recommended,258970,12441495,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Robin,"Used to play this to death on my Commodore 64. it took like 10 minutes to load.Now I can be a kid all over again, great classic now repolished.Even better with Co-op."
,Not Recommended,258970,12514108,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,The Regent of Rhythm,"The game itself is well done and a blast. Unfortunately, I was the only person I know that could get it to launch, despite trying a bunch of player-found fixes on the forums. Can't really recommend anyone purchase it in that case."
76561198019628112,Recommended,258970,16768797,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lunarfox21,"A great game with flexible multiplayer support making it a cinch, convenient and easy.  I hope they add more levels or release an expansion to buy because I love this game and want more levels to play!  The coliseum is a fun alternative to the game levels and the coliseum levels are always interesting and well made.  It'd also be nice if you could go back and play old coliseum levels, something I hope they add in the future."
76561198027653144,Not Recommended,258970,13116154,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,i am riddik,"i love gaultlet, but theres only 9 levels and 3 boss fights. its worth gettinh on sale, but definitely not worth full price"
76561198080729844,Recommended,258970,13139195,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HybridPK,"Gauntlet is a series of games consist of hack n' slash dungeon crawlers.  The games have been pretty straightforward and enjoyable, and this version of Gauntlet doesn't deviate too far from the formula.  Gauntlet isn't an HD remake of the first game.  It is a modernized retelling, keeping some things but adding in a few new things to change things up---with mixed results.Gauntlet is a decent looking game that plays pretty well.  The game's strongest point is how each character plays.  The four choices (Warrior, Valkyrie, Wizard, and Elf) have relatively unique playstyles.  You'll have to excuse my controller references coming up, but the Warrior and Valkyrie can be most closely associated with ""button mashers,"" relying more on the face buttons to perform commands.  The Wizard and Elf, on the other hand, are ""twin-stick"" shooters, relying on heavy use of the right analog stick.  Each character also has special abilities to offer further variety, but the most diverse character is the Wizard.  While the other characters are easily accessible, the Wizard has a learning curve due to the number of abilities he has (in comparison to the others).The game still stays true to its hack n' slash, dungeon crawling roots.  The gametriesto have some kind of story for why the characters are thrust into the Gauntlet, but it is paper-thin---almost unnecessary.  I know we're supposed to be collecting shards for a sword, but I really just wanted to kill some monsters with my friends.  Now, something that makes this game stand apart from other dungeon crawlers is the lack of a leveling system.  Your character doesn't gain levels (they do gain ""masteries,"" but more on this shortly), and is just about fully equiped with every ability they will ever have.  I find this to be a welcome break, and it helps keep the game accessible to anyone.Unfortunately, I found there to be more negatives than positives to this game.  The game offers up ""masteries,"" which are basically perks that requirea lotof investment.  Most of the revolve around killing enemies, but having to continuously play through levels to kill enemies is rather annoying.  If, perhaps, the mastery requirements were lower or if they were shared across all characters (where applicable), I wouldn't be as annoyed with the mechanic.  However, the amount of work and time needed to entirely unlock them isn't worth it, in most cases.  The rewards are so incremental that it makes me wonder why they're there.Something that may also help is a stronger level variety.  There are 30 levels in the game.  27 of them are part of 9 ""standard"" levels and the other 3 are boss levels.  When selecting a non-boss level, you are committed to a three-level endurance run that, despite the aesthetic changes, all follow the same formula: 1st level is a ""long, standard"" level, 2nd level is a ""short, environment hazard"" level, and 3rd level is an ""arena"" fight.  Given that the levels are not procedurally generated (a ""hot"" item in more recent dungeon crawlers), the replayability falls short.  The bosses aren't incredibly fun to fight either, making them rather underwhelming.Another downfall about the level structure is the ""hub"" area.  After completing either the series of 3 levels or a boss level, all players are transported to the hub area to select a new level or purchase items.  The game offers the players items in the form of relics---which can only be used if potions are collected, or loadouts---which are only cosmetic permutations for the characters.  The relics offer a little more variety to the potions (instead of just ""clear the screen of enemies"") and the permutations don't hurt the game at all, but relics can never be used on bosses and the loadouts require us to beat the bosses and specific difficulties to unlock (and even then they cost gold to purchase).This game also harkens back to the original Gauntlet by restricting the group to one unique character per player.  We cannot all play as Wizards or Warriors in a 4-player group.  I like the idea of having team variety, but forcing it typically leads to a lot of players quitting from a game since they can't play as a character they've invested time into.  However, as with most games, playing this game with more people is always a good time, and with a recent patch text chat has been made available.  On top of the other tweaks that have happened since the game's launch in September, it is apparent that the developer's aren't just letting this game settle.  They plan to keep improving it.SummaryPros:Graphics aren't terrible; very likely this game will run on anything.Controller supportEach character has a unique playstyleCo-op is fun; online and LAN.Developers still working out the kinks and making updates.Cons:Game is a bit on the short side.Not enough levels, and not enough level variety to keep things interesting.Can't have multiple people playing as the same character.Game wants you to grind, but not get the benefit of gaining levels.Relics and loadouts don't really offer much to the game.Poor, and at times laughable voice acting.Suggestions:Start using procedural level design.  While it isn't a perfect fix, having a structured level design when having to replay levels makes the experience too linear and predictable.Get crazier with the boss and level designs.  Maybe have something that requires more teamwork, or include some more variety with the environmental hazards.  Adding puzzles would definitely be a plus.Add an endurance mode.  All levels must be played in succession; no hub area breaks.  Even better: 100 levels, like the original game.Allow mutliple people to play as the same character.  The group may not be as varied this way, but I'd rather have another player in the group than have them drop out due to their character being taken already.Drop the relics, or make potions transfer from area to area.  Not having relics for boss fights is a poor design choice.Drop the loadouts for character creation.  Sure, the characters we play as are fully-voiced characters with small stories.  I'd rather see them not truly be characters but rather avatars for ourselves.  We can customize them, and unlocking these permutations actually unlocks them---no grinding for gold to buy them after unlocking them.Drop the masteries, or have them be cumulative across all characters when applicable.  Getting 50,000 kills for one character for a 25% damage output increase is a tall order.  Asking for that for all four characters is ridiculous.  Having shared masteries would also make the transition from playing as one character to another a bit easier on the player.Despite my lists of complaints, I am still recommending the game.  I do not think this game has earned my $20 just yet, but perhaps with additional updates down the road it will get even better.  Right now, I'd say the game is worth a $10 purchase."
76561198140088614,Recommended,258970,13129736,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kalina,"It's fun, and surprisingly deep. I was expecting mindless Diablo-1-like button mashing - it isn't that.It may get repetitive after a while, but I haven't reached that part yet, even without multiplayer."
,Recommended,258970,13167798,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tman34693,it is a good game to play with frends for fun
,Recommended,258970,13130813,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,Shot the food11/10
,Recommended,258970,13136935,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Killstealed !,I Saw my friend trapped in a non game area and we could do nothing so we restart the game.- 10/10
,Recommended,258970,25581732,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,akiramete,very fun game
76561198012563758,Not Recommended,258970,13002742,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Tinnitus B.,"If you are looking for the old Gauntlet, you've come to the wrong place...it's not here.Yes the graphics are nice and the controlls are slick, but this is not Gauntlet."
,Recommended,258970,12225498,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[4K] Drahsid,"Great game.Not only was it released on my brother's birthday, but it also supprised me on how much food I could eat! #NeedFoodBadlyWaited a while for it, and I got an amazing reboot of a beloved series. The multiplayer is great, you help each other while also trying to do better than eachother.Those who say it get's repeditive likely played it on single player only.They also say it's short; but hey~ Gotta leave room for the Gauntlet: Legends expansion!It has a few bug, which should be patched soon, the steam forum community is great.It's a great game, I recromend you buy it, especially if your a Gauntlet fan.Don't forget, #NeedFoodBadly!The food is waiting!"
,Not Recommended,258970,12498200,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Virtuaali,"One of the worst games I've ever played.Very cheap rip off of the gauntlet franchise.The gameplay is very linear and boring.For dungeons they have just copypasted the first map of each dungeon, added few corners and corridors and that's it. Same goes for the monsters. Every level has the same monsters and spawners, but with a diffrent skin.They should have taken a look at what Gauntlet: Dark Legacy was like and learned from that.This game is just garbage.3/10"
76561198022449994,Recommended,258970,14894412,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jer,"Great game, love it as much as the orig!"
76561198099234430,Recommended,258970,31241556,Posted: 19 April,all,LasombraDemon,"Mindless arcade action, nice coop.DOESN'T SUPPORT CONTROLLERS EXCEPT FOR XBOX ONES. Extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥, in that sense. -_-"
76561198054481412,Recommended,258970,16347239,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,VikingsDeath,hours of fun!
,Recommended,258970,16339598,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,deanparkr,Good fun
,Recommended,258970,16322714,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Odin's Tyrant,"I was a huge fan of Gauntlet Dark Legacy, from the Arcade to its release on PS2. I was unbelievably disappointed in Gauntlet Seven Sorrows, but it seems like this Reboot of Gauntlet really stands out in the Gauntlet Franchise. It brings me back to playing Dark Legacy. A definite must-have if you love Gauntlet in general.Classes involve the Warriror and Valkyrie for Melee based characters, and the Wizard and Elf for Ranged based character classes. I havent run into any issus with any of the classes, so far his game is just as good as Dark Legacy."
76561198044050339,Recommended,258970,16336551,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dundarak,"I have to say this game is WAY better with a controller. It was fun with  keyboard and mouse but controller is a must have to really do well (not that I do particularly well to be honest.) Highly recommend playing it with friends to capture the feel of the game as it was intended. I also bought  the necromancer and didnt really appreciate her all that much. I am a coward tho, so Questor the elf is my best hero.If it is on sale it is a must have!"
,Recommended,258970,16373582,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,IBA Helper,"From fireballs to iceballs, this game has it all including the ability to throw both fire AND ice balls."
76561198037654062,Recommended,258970,12227084,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ra1n Shadow,"I haven't played the original, but it give off a strong Magicka feel (if you enjoyed that you'll enjoy this reboot.) Man this game is difficult, I find myself getting stuck in the center of a crowd of mummies and being battered to death. Though the game is fun, it's repetitive and not for those that require an impeccable storyline and artwork. This is just for highscore, a couple of hours and an awesome multiplayer experience. I do recommend it, but watch some gameplay first!"
76561198047018985,Recommended,258970,16320194,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Gumba213,"Loved this game. And if you are a classic gamer like me then you should immediately turn up the difficulty. The game is not challenging or fun on normal settings. Turn it up one notch with limited lives, potions and increased loot and you will have a lot more fun, much more reminiscent of the classic. Took the greater portion of the weekend to beat with two of my friends. Great game, looking forward to a sequal."
76561198019727990,Not Recommended,258970,34148841,Posted: 10 August,all,JC,"I purchased this game following an expectation from reviews that it would be more engaging and exciting than it actually turned out to be.However, in the short time I played Gauntlet I was nothing other than disappointed and bored.The graphics are bland and the gameplay was dreadful. There really was nothing in the game to keep me engaged, so after a short time playing it, I decided enough is enough."
,Recommended,258970,12433621,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Incendar,"Nice to have 4 people playing locally or filling up spots online, could use a bit more content IMO to justify price."
,Not Recommended,258970,17798574,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jill Valentine,"I played, I replayed. I tried to like it as I usually enjoy these kind of games. But this one is bare. It has nothing to bring up pleasant time beside destroying food in front of your dying ally. After 10 times the only fun thing is gone."
,Not Recommended,258970,17489297,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ThirdD3gree,"I actually really enjoyed this game and had a great time with it. I used to love the N64 Gauntlet and this one is a very fun sequel, although not quite as good as the N64 version.The reason why I don't recommend it is because the developers promised us Linux support, took our money while telling us that we would get Linux support, and then completely broke that promise with absolutely no refund or serious apology.Despite enjoying this game, I will never purchase another game from this same developer. They don't deserve my money or my respect."
,Recommended,258970,16881732,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Void01,"An interesting but weak reboot. Some design decisions are nonsensical. Networking is atrocious, which makes online play a moot point. Upgrading is slow and takes a long time for no good reasons, and upgrades are incredibly minor in most cases.The characters are annoying yet somehow unintentionally funny in how cliche they are. It reminds me strongly of a game that was made way back in the day to spoof Gauntlet, known as Get Medieval. Strangely, each character class does not control best with the same control scheme. Using mokey for the elf is a serious advantage, while using anything but a controller for the other classes is a mistake. The wizard is not playable with mokey, so don't even.Bizarrely when playing online each player must choose a different class. They fixed that♥♥♥♥♥♥when Gauntlet 2 hit the arcades back in the day, there's no excuse for this complete retardation.Worth it on sale maybe, but not otherwise. If you own Diablo 3 you will never have a reason to play this game. Slightly recommended."
,Recommended,258970,17493578,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Welter,"This game was already good, now with Slayer Edition it's Outstanding.• Extreme Hack'n'Slash bloodgasm, that feeling when you slice 15 enemies heads off, brings tear to my eyes.• Great game to play with your friends• Comic and challenging• Controller recommendedBasically with this new edition you can customize each hero more than before! :D."
76561198007855186,Recommended,258970,28474324,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kulak,"Fun to play with your friends, has a bit of the old school Gauntlet feel."
76561198017048744,Recommended,258970,27696346,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Majrooo,"Great remake of old classic game, best play coop with your friends."
,Recommended,258970,28289390,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TheDestroyer017,A really awesome game brings the good old classic back worth getting and playing with some buddies and even with random people!!!! Must buy!!
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,258970,19090226,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,mattgroom,"Terrible, simply terrible.The original , yes the original, beats this hands down. The programmers should be ashamed of themselves. They have regressed in 20 years to making rubbish. Had this been launched back then, it would have been laughed at.Please please bring back the original gauntlet /gauntlet 2. Where you had infinite levels, could always restart, power potions, None of this lives♥♥♥♥♥♥ at no point did door close, so why are doors closing and trapping you in rooms,... it is because the game ios sh..it"
,Not Recommended,258970,34004808,Posted: 3 August,all,Useless Disaster,"The game is dead; they officially stopped development on the game last year, which seems to include any form of hotfix or even side-glancing at the game to begin with.There is an extreme lack of content.They also turned around and axed a chunk of that content randomly, demolishing the use of Masteries and removing the need to do Campaign for better gear.The player base is essentially non-existant now. If it was even worth scoffing at when the game came out in the first place.This version of Gauntlet was nothing like the priors, lacking creativity, flow and feeling more like a mind-boggling cluster #!%@ of people with a smart-@$$ commentary.Then there's that 4.99$ to unlock Necromancer.Save your money."
76561198007328384,Not Recommended,258970,14474529,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Clueless Gamer,poorly optimized game wont even run on a rig with the recommended specs. waste of money. Avoid like the plague.
,Not Recommended,258970,14654726,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Randolvski,"DLC bait. Feels empty. Go ♥♥♥♥ing play the N64 gauntlet, or Dark Legacy for a better time."
,Not Recommended,258970,13582655,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,McMarius11,repetitive A$$ HELL
,Not Recommended,258970,13925566,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Bennoloth,"This game is awful. I enjoyed Gauntlet Legends on the old consoles - this is nothing like it. There are only 4 characters (+1 if you buy a ridiculously expensive addon), and they don't learn any new abilities ever. Equipment is all cosmetic, so there are practically no upgrades except for a small ""perk"" system which you won't feel unless you log a lot of playtime. The levels are boring and flat with few puzzles that the old games had, and the bosses are totally uninteresting. There is not even the token storyline that the old game had, and the basic characters they did add in are ugly. I don't know what kind of nostalgia feeling other people are getting from this, but I had no enjoyment at all."
,Not Recommended,258970,13678515,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GLIMITED,"Gauntlet is your typical dungeon crawler and if you enjoy mindless hack 'n slash without in-depth elements to it, it can be a decent experience, especially in co-op mode. The game runs smooth and ...Gauntlet is your typical dungeon crawler and if you enjoy mindless hack 'n slash without in-depth elements to it, it can be a decent experience, especially in co-op mode. The game runs smooth and ...Gauntlet is your typical dungeon crawler and if you enjoy mindless hack 'n slash without in-depth elements to it, it can be a decent experience, especially in co-op mode. The game runs smooth and ...Well, the review above pretty much shows my experience with this game. I've replayed the first dungeon multiple times and it just keeps crashing. I've only been able to complete it once and it crashed right after finishing it. I tried different settings, re-installing, verifying cache, killing background apps, etc. The game runs smooth while it works but the constant crashing obviously makes it unplayable for me. I have a decent PC that runs other much more demanding games without any issues so the game itself seems to be the issue. If anyone has any tips to get it to work it would be appreciated and I wouldn't mind changing the review to positive. But for now it seems like that's $10 down the drain."
76561198135545183,Not Recommended,258970,15288698,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Psycho Magic,was so terrible... if youre looking for a dark legacy equivalent .. THIS IS NOT WHAT YOURE LOOKING FOR!!  you cant level up in this game  you get no familiars no such things as items not even rune stones there is no 4 player fun times its so boring and lacking that you just want to stab your face with a rusty dull blade for spending money on this game. thanks WB  for ruining the gauntlet series... i repeat this isnt gauntlet legends/ or gauntlet legends dark legacy or anything like it at all.
,Recommended,258970,34720444,Posted: 3 September,all,- Silly -,DONT DESTORRY THE FOOD WEEDTARD
,Recommended,258970,33080087,Posted: 1 July,all,Allen Shamal,Funny game but... where is the workshop ??
,Recommended,258970,33150179,Posted: 2 July,all,ProxyFox,Fun old-school couch co-op game.
76561198285673063,Recommended,258970,32904043,Posted: 27 June,all,Divinity_State,"This is how games should be made, great old School fun.Gauntlet is a polished game.Only a Few games can come close to creating the same mayhem and excitement as Gauntlet can."
76561198131971457,Recommended,258970,23738172,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Danatr0nic,"Blue warrior shot the food! This game totally captures the spirit of the originals, which I played on NES"
76561197969304324,Not Recommended,258970,26093366,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarthBinky,Not super happy fun time!
,Recommended,258970,12239595,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,NooB Zombie,"Very Good Game, Lots of FunI had very much fun. But this game definitely needs some improvements.PROS:Good graphicsGood atmosphereLots of funGood priceGood co-opMasteriesCONS:Needs more skills and attack types. Usually you have to attack with basic attack and thats make game to much basic. More complex attack make game more funny. Thats why only good chracter is wizard. Only complex chracter of this game.Relic system is very bad. Because you have to use potion to use relic and potions are rare. When potions are rare i dont want to use relics. Needs to change that system. Something like cooldown system or filling up some kind of rage and using relics will be better.Sometimes become 4 player in lobby is hardWepons and armors are only cosmetic (I think so. I am not sure yet). They should not be cosmetic."
,Recommended,258970,12341863,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Iron Infidel,"Alright, this game is AWESOME. It's THAT type of couch co-op where you actually have to cooperate.While single-player seems to be quite well - though a little bit harder for some classes - multi-player is the bomb. Not only it allows local coop, but online works wonderful. And let me tell you - multiplayer is a blast. You get a couple of friends on skype - and you will have hours of non-stop fun.And itself it's a pretty good game, though some classes seem to be harder to play/master. Levels are nicely decorated, announcer doesn't annoy you, classes are useful in their own way and generally it's enjoyable. Keyboard works fine, though I yet have to try the controller.While it seems that ""Getting 3 shards of whatever"" will be pretty quick (the first chapter took 3 of us 2 hours), the replay value is in different classes, because they differ A LOT. Warrior deals massive damage to tours and fat monsters while elf thins out small crowds of weaklings and mage supports with slowdowns and ignitions. And because of this variety everybody plays differently.I would say it is DEFINITELY worth the money if you have a couple of friends who'll join you."
,Recommended,258970,12206337,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Coffeechipmunk,"It's a great game. No one else seems to saying the bugs and pros and cons, so I will.PROS:-Good team game-Fun gameplay-Good difficulty-Great storyCONS:-Death Runs are too long-Shooting the food-Shooting the food-Shooting the food-Shooting the... Okay, I'm done.The only bug I've had is that the music gets a bit choppy sometimes, but other then that it works fine. 10/10"
,Recommended,258970,12267946,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,WANT SOME?,Much wow. Super fun gameplay and I highly recommend playing it with cousins or friends in the same room so that all of you could be shouting at each other for destroying the food.
,Not Recommended,258970,29827276,Posted: 10 February,all,neocow,"neat, but very short, or entirely repetitive"
,Not Recommended,258970,12732681,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,nick,"Lacks content, unique AI, challenging AI, progression, and the levels are quite stale.Regretabble purchase, haven't touched it since launch week.Failed to deliver, feel free to paypal me twenty bucks so I can look at this and not cringe on the fact I lost about two days worth of lunch."
76561198075720012,Recommended,258970,12209703,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zal,"Mass hordes of enemies blocking your way to the summoner, you're all low on health and you don't want to enter another coin, well you don't have to do that anymore do you? This game is definately worthy of the Gauntlet title and envisions the old arcade classic from the 80's. This is definately the original hack/slash dungeon crawler people remember, with improved graphics, some new sounds (and old for good nostalgic measure) and good ol' classic mode in the settings. Well worth the money, even if this is your first time playing Gauntlet i recommend you to buy this game. WARNING: Extremely addicting, quarrel with friends for shooting the food"
76561198058427180,Not Recommended,258970,12855718,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rush,이걸 하느니 디아를 하겟다
76561197991695753,Not Recommended,258970,28089446,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,fenyx4,"I keep wanting to go back and play this game but sadly the game I loved is no more. Please give an option for a Pre-Slayer Edition version (put it under a beta version, sell the old version under a different title, I don't care) ."
76561198057600045,Not Recommended,258970,29483268,Posted: 25 January,all,thevibe27,"Could have been a great game but it's not in my opinion, it was fun for an hour or two, after that it's all the same. Too linear, not enough character customization, no story at all so you don't feel any accomplishment. The graphics and the fight gameplay was good. 5/10"
76561198334159524,Not Recommended,258970,34405506,Posted: 21 August,all,XRogueKnight,"To keep it sensibly short... I was really excited for this game because I played Legends a lot with my friends back in the day. I knew the style would be a bit different, but this game just feels awful... Every character feels like different variations of high dps and squishy. What's worse is that every level and the bulk of the design feels uninspired, soulless, and you feel so rushed that you can't even enjoy the art (what of it there is anyways). I suppose it was more fun with other players, but it isn't a saving grace. Altogether, I just would not recommend this game. Regardless, props to the development team for trying."
,Not Recommended,258970,12441331,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,CHEEFFY,"I like axes and hammers.... SO not the game for me.... i love coop but this is not my coop... the ""thor"" was so under whatever that it was not fun at all to play for me. never did try the other classes because I dont care anymore...."
76561197995723154,Not Recommended,258970,12864891,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Deex,"Was tempted to give it a thumbs up - Really solid game with some solid points. I do  however have far too many gripes to warrant thisThe Good:- Great sound track -Musics great!- New meets old styled gameplay -I like the varied moves, big cooldown styled attacks and the way they did the Wizard and Elf. Feels like Diablo 3 gave some inspiration to this game and it's very much welcomed.- Local Multiplayer mixed with online-Can you say awesome? Because more games need more local multiplayer ESPECIALLY on the PC.The Bad:- Progression is non existant -The relics are neat, but im a bit disapointed with the gear. Getting more gold? Meh. It wont give me a bigger axe or make me hit any harder or put me in some shiney new armor that does something neat for me. I was hoping for deeper rpg elements.- Incredibly short -Games far too short. Can be cleared too quickly.- Dejavu with dungeon elements -Playing through a few specific dungeons I felt they ""dragon aged"" it. By that I mean they copy and pasted parts of other dungeons into it.- Weak multiplayer elements -Game encourages you to take items and food from other players.- Few minor bugs -I got a crown knocked off my head and it landed on a part of the map I couldn't get at. Thanks game.- No colour palette swapping -""Red Wizard needs food badly"" ""Blue Warrior is about to die"" - I miss the colours.. Having four warriors or four wizards would have made this better, why not? :(All in all I'd say pass on this unless it's on a 50%+ sale. For 5-10 bucks you'll get a decent ammount of fun for a day with a couple of your friends for local multiplayer, but the lack of replay-ability, non-existant RPG elements really make this a tough one to purchase at the now asking price of CDN$ 21.99"
,Recommended,258970,12212537,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,marv,"Now some people may think ""co-op"" is about strategy dependent on the strength of a team working together. However, these people are idiots who don't understand that the true path to victory lies in thinking only of one's own needs, and the one class that currently embodies this most Gauntlet of all ideals is the Elf. Long range attacks with little to no effort in aiming them at food or potions the lesser classes may require, and most importantly, the broken ability to dodge roll or otherwise go faster than the slower fools and gain all of the treasure and E-sports glory for one's self.Remember, the intelligent player runs towards the elf and silently mocks whoever picks the other classes; even if the Wizard is some sort of Magika trained savant and easily input spell combos on the fly, the key is to keep the meat shields around so that you can profit from their mistake of not picking the right class. Make them believe you care about them, but out do them in all things as the most broken of all characters."
76561197970837372,Not Recommended,258970,24523831,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,lurkio,"Man this is dull. Claw your own parts off dull. There is better level design to be seen from wheeling a cart slightly quickly around Ikea. If you put a shelf in the cart from the not-cheapest-but-close range, the graphics would be better too.You need to eat every 20 seconds for no apparent reason, otherwise Bad Things Happen. Possibly they run out of meatballs in the shop at the end.The coop multiplayer is stable and doesnt require port forwarding, which is good. Everything else is bad.Bad."
,Not Recommended,258970,12750118,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dumbnewbie,"Not bad overall, but the ending seemed awfully rushed. There's still a lot that needs to be worked on. This should have been considered a beta rather than the actual game release."
,Not Recommended,258970,12599897,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,KuroKun4,"Not nearly as good, content wise, as Gauntlet Legends on the Dreamcast. Too short, too."
,Recommended,258970,12210719,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hot_dog69,"amazing game, tons of fun, very ,very challenging.The only thing is there is no chat for multiplayer, since it lacks basic communication- 8/10"
,Recommended,258970,12212222,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Xifurez,"This version of Gauntlet is an ode to the original arcade and NES versions of Gauntlet. It feature the four heroes from the originals with the respected colors. It holds the classic arcade style hack and slash that inspired games like Diablo, with the additive of armor and relics that give the game a little bit more depth and a sense of progression. Ontop of that each character has it's own unique feel and move set, not a single character is alike in this game and it gives a very unique challenge of overcoming each stage with certain limits and abilities. It does not have many levels, but you will find that is because you build up in difficulty through them, starting in normal to unlock your first armor pieces that you will use to complete the levels in hard more, and so forth. As it is right now it has a ton of replayability and is very fun for multiplayer. There are not many levels in the base but for an asking price of 15 dollars you really get your moneys worth, and hopefully future DLC will add more levels and armor to the game.All in all I give this version of Gauntlet a 8/10. It's got rather well placed music, a very decent challenge even on normal difficulties and a nice sense of progression."
,Not Recommended,258970,14107442,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jearbear,Not much gameplay and absolutely no character progression (for the most part) levels are all dark repetative underground dungeons filled with orcs or skeletons. Doesn't live up to it's predecessor's greatness.Overall Rating: 4/10
76561197970929972,Not Recommended,258970,14165288,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HUMANIATIC,looks like playable early access.need more stuff.FINALLY THIS IS NOT GAUNTLET
,Recommended,258970,17227654,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Pedro from Peru,nid moar levalz
76561197998013148,Recommended,258970,34843747,Posted: 9 September,all,Nobodylikestosupp,great fun.Wish i could find another game like this.
,Recommended,258970,12276186,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Niels,"A well made take on the old classic Atari game Gauntlet, that i can recommend to anyone who wants to enjoy a simple yet deep hack n' slash experience.The game features fun mechanics, an interesting aesthetic style, as well as having a badass soundtrack, that harkens back to the old preceding Gauntlet games.Besides the obvious traits of each character (the elf has a bow and the warrior a melee weapon, etc). Each of the characters feature different skills and mechanics that you have to adapt to, in order to maximise your effectiveness. And you can also customize your character with artifacts to suit your style of play.However when i played this game i didn't do it for the character customization. This game just makes killing feel good. Especially when you get yourself into a trance where everything just clicks and you eviscerate 20 opponents in a matter or seconds.My only beef with this game is, that compared to the older gauntlet games, the ""puzzles"" in this game are too easy. It often feels like the game is taking your hand and leading you to where you need to place the dynamite or throwing you an extra key to open one of the locked doors. In the older Gauntlet games, the game would force you to think about managing your keys, and solving the puzzles in the correct order. However in this version this is not the case and takes some of the more cognitive aspects of the game away.I can't say much about the multiplayer experience, since i've yet to play it with another friend  ( :c ).But other than that Gauntlet has been a fun experience and i would definately play more of this in the future."
76561198040753783,Recommended,258970,12210496,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,HipHobbes,Great value buy.Double the fun in coop-mode where you walk the fine line between team work and utter selfishness.This is good old-fashioned arcade fun. Just don't expect a deep item or crafting system. Although there is some degree of character progression it just isn't the focus of this game.
76561197961771799,Not Recommended,258970,12955031,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ev0,I paid 13 for this game on sale and still feel like it was over priced.  It's a multiplayer game with no functional way to communicate - text or voice.  What year is it again? It's honestly worth about 2.50 for how much content there is.
,Recommended,258970,12240368,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,D.A.R.K.,"Otimo jogo, COMPLETAMENTE DIFERENTE DE DIABLO, antes que vocês pensem que nem ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ""é tipo Diablo, né?"" não, não tem nada a ver com Diablo, nem todo Hack and Slash é Diablo, suas bichas...Mas enfim, é um Hack and Slash de ação muito♥♥♥♥♥♥e bem feito, com uma longa duração de gameplay, podendo jogar até 4 Coop e não tem PvP. Vale a pena comprar e jogar o jogo."
,Recommended,258970,12211914,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,RadGH,I shot the food
,Recommended,258970,12214764,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Broken Reality,This game is awesome. It is great how unforgiving it is but still makes you want to keep playing and is so much fun! Great Dungeon crawler and reminds me of the older ones!
,Recommended,258970,12209715,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,plsportz,"Oldschool with some buffs. Not that hard, as old, but still funny and simple. If you liked the old one or love mindless slashers - it is the game you need."
,Recommended,258970,12213135,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Anchony Pham,"10/10 no joke one of the best games i have played in a while. The graphics are just like the cartoons ""Just Mindblowing"". the sound track of this game is fanomonal and makes every room feal different from the other because there is just so many songs in this game. Dont even get me started on the level design in this game i wouldnt even be able to stop telling you all the great things in each level. So if your looking for a really fun long lasting game for the price look no further and get Gautlet now. p.s. i havent stoped playing sence i got it. ONLY BUY ON SALE BECAUSE WE CHEAP ASSES."
,Recommended,258970,12214013,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jareth Gawain,"Luckily, I had the day off from work today, and got to spend pretty much the entire day playing the remake of one of my favorite classic games, Gauntlet. Arrowhead did a superb job from what I've seen so far. The graphics aren't anything phenomenal, nonetheless, the game looks pretty good and runs smooth. The gameplay is fast paced and well fleshed out. Playing online with random players is just as brutal as you would expect from a new age remake of Gauntlet. You don't always feel like your party members are your friends. If feels like you and 3 other heroes are just trying to survive the death trap you've been thrown into, and you can either help each other, or take what you can for yourself. This can be frustrating but also extremely fun. It adds an element to the game that is Gauntlets signiature and they did a great job resurrecting this classic, adding modern features without subtracting from the old school arcade feel. They added masteries and relics, which is the closest thing to ""leveling up""the game has. So over time your characters will get a bit stronger. But still, DO NOT get this game if you want just like to grind. You won't be building an immortal barbarian with super l33t gear in this game.  If you aren't bringing some effort and skill to the game, you will die. It's best played with at least 2 or more people, but solo can be fun as well.   I do think theres some balancing that needs to be done, and I'd like to see more levels added in the near future, but as of now it is totally worth 20$."
,Recommended,258970,12214047,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,nsc,"This is nothing like any gauntlet game I've ever played.It's like those Marvel top down beat 'em up games from the ps2/gamecube era.Lots of button mashing, lots of grunts to kill, lots of different ways to do it.I love the game but I think that the classes are poorly balanced, but since it's a co-op that doesn't matter too much.I like how ""achievements"" unlock skills and abilities, probably the only time I care about achievements haha.I highly reccomend this game if you like top down beat 'em ups with SOLID controls. They're flawless.Warrior:Plays like he should, press the X X X and the Y Y Y. His B spin attack is invincible and gives you some extra range. I dislike how you have to charge his charge, but the charge jump attack is good even if it takes a bit of practice to get the range right. His heavy attack deals a LOT of damage, very useful.Valkyrie:I like her dash attack more than warrior's bull run (although I like the warrior's bull run) her shield doesn't seem that useful since hordes are usually how you die, but she does a good job of being different than the warrior so kudos.Archer:Easily the most broken of the classes, his bombs, rolls, and power shots are incredible. It doesn't take long to learn how to massacre monsters with archer, but there is a bit of a skill cap so he's not entirely braindead (just monstly brain dead)Wizard:I hope you liked magika because this guy is magika as ♥♥♥♥. Good luck using him. He's easily my favourite to play as but he is by far the hardest class to play. He has a TON of spells and they all have individual cool downs so poppin' off damage can be easy, but you're going to need to memorize all the spell inputs before you can even be mediocre at wizard.All in all the game is really fun and I hope you guys check it out and enjoy it."
76561198066285039,Recommended,258970,12210144,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Shadowgrimmm,"Ok guys even not being able to get in on the launch party that i wanted ,since steam trolled me with the game being available 1 hour later that it should have been, THIS IS THE GAME. For all of you all school freaks who used to play gauntlet, this is the real deal. Since i got no views due to the fact that all the big dogs are streaming , desided to lay low till tomorrow when i continue my playthrough on had mode . Fill free to join in on the mindless fun and have a chill day . Come hang athttp://twitch.tv/shadowgrimmmsee you in game"
,Recommended,258970,12211488,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Fuckin' Batman,"A very enjoyable revitalization to an old genre that I had feared died out. With more modern graphics and smooth gameplay, I can say this will appeal to even the most casual of gamer!"
76561198063073427,Recommended,258970,12211569,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hailren,"The good part of this game is the fun dungeon crawling experience and hard hitting enemys unique class specific abilitys and upgrades through the main hub shop.The bad part is the camera tracking, its so annoying instead of tracking you and each player individually the take it back to the old school co op days where the camera tracks all playes. So if you have a player that doesnt keep up have fun trying to progress. If you can get past that part or have friends to play with this game should be a fun experience.Note: this game is not very good for AMD cards and its a short game.Rateing 8/10Good graphics.fun gameplay.upgradeable characters for each class.bad camera tracking."
76561197992936399,Recommended,258970,12213735,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Disruption.,"Awesome and FUN! Brings back the old school feeling of rushing for the GOLD while trying to stay alive of the Original. For $20, it's worth it. Use a controller have a blast."
,Recommended,258970,12213982,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Smokesphere,Ive been playing Gauntlet since the original arcade game version and i can happily say that the devs didnt screw this one up. It seems like alot of reboot games havnt been very good because of things the devs wanted to change about characters or gameplay mechanics that we loved. this is not the case with gauntlet. now if only i could figure out how to get that digital comic to download...
,Recommended,258970,12208482,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GREBENOTS,"This plays similar to the NES/Arcade original, which brings back great memories of playing with my old man back when I was just a kid.  This game is plain fun.  I started with the warrior, but have found that the wizard's spell casting system is an excellent cerebral addition that makes Gauntlet really shine for me.I'm running this on a 2012 Macbook Pro with bootcamp running Windows 7.  I have to turn the resolution down to half and play in a (fairly large) window to keep the fps up.  It hiccups from time to time, but it's overall playable in a window.  Not so much in fullscreen.  However, the Intel HD 4000 integrated graphics don't even close to meet the minimum requirements, so I'm happy to be able to play this game, which is fantastic by the way.  Turning the VSync on keeps the framerate locked at 60, which is just fine by me."
76561197965319357,Recommended,258970,12210708,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sicks,"Decent simple game. It's worth $20 to kill time, but it's no huge investment of time. EASY learning curve for the casual."
,Recommended,258970,12220501,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,racist mario,"at the way everything is going, this will probably be my GOTY 2014also 4 characters with completely different playstyles is amazingWarrior and Valkyrie are the only two that are similar, but warrior is about offence whereas Valkyrie is about defence.Elf is like a twin stick shooter.and the Wizard is like playing magicka but with 9 spell combos"
76561198009765546,Recommended,258970,13000173,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fox,"It's GAUNTLET what else is there to say !i feel 10y's old again, just glad its not on a commador 64 8)"
76561198043240697,Not Recommended,258970,12918421,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,~Aries~,the story line is WAY too short.. I beat the game in under 6 hours... There is no replay value to make me want to replay the same boring levels again. I suggest against buying this game.
76561197983217392,Recommended,258970,13072714,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Saco de Carne,Very hard
76561198001582593,Recommended,258970,18455847,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Weeb Lord,The best game to figure out which of your friends is jewish.
76561198029868886,Not Recommended,258970,24424790,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Summerland,"Only played for a few hours but already my interest in this game is near lost. While the original had you with hundreds of life, the creator of this thought it would be a good idea for you to have a tiny health bar and you die in anywheres from 2-4 hits. The second level I'm being chased by death, which does instant-kill moment it touches you and it spawns right next to you. Very dissapointing."
76561197999967004,Not Recommended,258970,12763670,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Timmy!,They turned the Gaunlet we all knew and loved into a Diablo clone without equipment.
76561198026284326,Recommended,258970,12207347,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cybitross,"A remake of a classic arcade game that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my wallet all through my childhood and teen years. Updated with more fluid combat, relics, classic rpg elements, witty banter, and yes, delicious turkeys. I preordered this game as soon as I head about it and let me tell you this, beats the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Diablo 3.My Rating?100/10Why?This game is incredible.Pros:-Great gameplay-Challenging for both solo play and cooperative play-Lots of gold-Lots of dead people trying to kill you-Delicious food-Same screen coop for when you have a friend over and want to show them the game but don't want to be that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥      that just sits there playing it while they watch you.-The characters each have their own sense of humor and dialogue-Questor the scottish elf archer-The warrior's name is Thor!-Having to escape Death. Literally. Death incarnate will chase after you in certain levels.-Classic mode, for when you want that truly nostalgic arcade feeling-Lots of gibletsCons:Not Applicable"
,Recommended,258970,33162557,Posted: 2 July,all,John McClane™,Ca coche !
,Recommended,258970,31910016,Posted: 22 May,all,actionBastard64,Arcadey fun
,Recommended,258970,26492044,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Demonman101,Nice throw back and really fun. Strongly recommend a controller though.
,Recommended,258970,14495668,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,RomireOnline,Totally worth spending on to play!
76561198070468891,Recommended,258970,12208580,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Doctor Superfox,"It's back ladies and gents. One of my favorite titles on the N64 was Gauntlet: Legends, this game really takes me back, and forward (If that makes any sense). It gives us 4 classes, simple. One of the things the other versions struggled with was the vast amount of classes with little to no variations besides asthetic changes. This game brings Dungeon Crawlers back to their roots, something Blizzard, unfortunately, failed to do with Diablo 3."
,Recommended,258970,12206871,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Freddie Freeloader,"Very arcade-like top down Action RPG. Very solid so far, definite reccomendation.And it has multiple leaderboards and character customization."
,Not Recommended,258970,15969270,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Ryan,SGHIT
76561198066507830,Not Recommended,258970,14787673,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,cthuluhoop,"While this game does stay true to the arcade gmae we all knew and loved, we used to only put a quarter in to play it this is a complete rip off with not much to work for or work towards."
,Recommended,258970,17498857,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hassan-i Sabbah,"The journey of four troublesome, young men who undergoes a new form of psychotherapy to remedy their problem of being a cuckold."
76561198065606436,Recommended,258970,12220573,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,vainn.Heathblod,10/10 simply beautiful
76561198037484424,Recommended,258970,12220956,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,bachyard,"Beautifully clean and fluid game mechanics under layer upon layer of polish. This game is a labor of love and it's so apparent. The classes are all very interesting, but the wizard outshines all the others in how well thought out it is. I wish that the other classes had the same level of player experimentation and versatility as the wizard, as it would make this game shine even more.The levels are really well designed and can get extremely challenging even on Normal, which is the difficulty I played on. They're atmospheric and not gimmicky.This is a couch co-op game in the truest sense, and it is incredibly easy to get a game up and running with other people even if you have no real life friends around.I applaud the devs of this game, they really did something cool here and I'm glad that I get to have this game in my library for future fun with friends."
,Recommended,258970,12237591,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,LilMissHentai,Pro:- Actually I like this game.- Really enjoyable on Hard and Unfair with a good team.Cons:- No custom controls? Waiting for the patch.- 12 Levels? Well... At least add some random stages then :)Summary:Wait for a sale
76561198003301703,Recommended,258970,12209026,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Krunk,"Game is everything that I wanted a Gauntlet reboot to be. Fast action, tons of things to kill, multiplayer, and able to be played solo. Love it."
76561198030160699,Recommended,258970,12209355,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,maximumblue,Wizard master race
76561197993623047,Recommended,258970,12218359,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Keyboard Warrior,"I've been waiting for this baby for a while because of its similarity to Diablo 3, and because I played this with mysister when I was 8 years old back in the 90's.I was a bit shocked that we were delayed by 3 weeks and still the game had launch issues like having to press ALT TABin order to actually open the game, and having to find out in the forums that you can switch to 1920x1080 resolution onlyby selecting it in the options menu blindly, since it was invisible to the eye. Then there was the lack of information aboutcombining skills.But once all that was finished, me and my nephew hit it up on skype and played the Warrior and the Elf, for 2 and a half hours straight. We had so much fun and laugh, it was incredible. Especially the food destruction and the gold distribution, and the stress from Death coming at you on certain levels, was really funny.The graphics are marvelous, physics are great, and monsters provide a nice variety of challenge to conquer.I hated the fact that visual upgrades are only cosmetical, and they don't look that great especially on the Wizard.I also disliked the fact that the Wizard is way too complicated to play with, since you have to memorize every spellcombination in order to be effective. I actually bypassed this difficulty by setting macros to bind the 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9keys, and choose my spell according to a key. Made my game much more enjoyable.Another downside is the lack of controller support, again I had to go to the forums and search for a solution on how toplay with my PS3 controller.The important part is that once you get those little things fixed, you start enjoying a really fun game.Despite the flaws, for 19 bucks, you get a ton of fun and maybe 10-20 minutes of headache.I say worth!"
76561198034083216,Recommended,258970,12219232,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Krauth,Well i played the game its alot of fun :) after a few stages the only skill that can be used is a little annoying and u want something different and i dont know if it will change and the relics dont really make it more fun lol :) but the game is still amazing and fun with friends
76561198044927729,Recommended,258970,12228998,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kashi,"I love how the game went back to its roots. That is definately one good thing that WB Games is good at.The graphics are fair, but im not really complaing. the graphics are fine the way they are and runs very smoothly. It is technically a classic that has been remastered.The controls are very simple. You dont have to do crazy hotkeys to do at least one magic trick.The levels (depending on the difficulty) are very challenging, unless you do it on multiplayer, which takes a serious load off. Sure the levels get a bit blan, but like the discrition says, its a ""classic dungeon crawler.""The mechanics they brought to the game with the characters special abilities rather than the old everyone shoots the same, but with a different character and a different weapon. it really makes use of each character and how they can contribute to the team.My only big issue is the multiplayer. It takes a bit of time for people to get in your lobby. And usually for some gawd awful reason, they leave in the middle of the game, making hard difficulty that much harder.Overall, its a good game. WB Games has been doing grand bringing games back to its roots."
,Recommended,258970,12278496,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sawkilla,"I grew up throwing quarters in to this coin-op game. I bought it on the early consoles but it just wasnt the same.This game is not exactly the same as the one you grew up with. But it is a great 21st century gauntlet. If you liked gauntlet of the 80's, youll love this version! If you took gauntlet of the 80's and updated to the 2014 version, you would get this game.Ive played about 3 or 4 hours so far and I love it! The replay value is very high as each of the 4 characters have seperate individual progress, scores, skills, and cash to buy upgrades. As you progress with each character, they get different skills and upgrades through using potions and using slots for certain skills.Like the original, you have to collect keys to advance to different rooms. Collect treasure, kill minsters, find hidden rooms, _ And of course get chased by death every once and a while. There are actually death levels where you have to advance through the level as fast you can; whipping by enemies at the same time. Its a challenge because some parts you have to advance by getting keys to unlock doors. The catch is- some monsters have the key, so you cant just run by all the monsters, you have to kill them for the key while death is right on your tail!Playing in a public rooms or with friends; where all 4 characters are being used is wicked fun too!Its on sale for $19.99 right now and thats well worth it! If you get it cheaper, its a steal!!!"
76561198124416854,Recommended,258970,12238410,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BHTheRaider,"If you're looking to play a Gauntlet Legends, or a Gauntlet Dark Legacy remake, you've come to the wrong place. If you're looking for a Gauntlet Seven Sorrows type game, go jump off a cliff. If however, you're looking for a fast paced, old style Gauntlet game with a new twist to it, this is for you. Being a kid in the 90's, one of my favorite games for N64 was Gauntlet Legends. I must've put in 300+ hours. Then I had Gauntlet Dark Legacy, and played it for years. I was so excited for Gauntlet Seven Sorrows, and it was one of the biggest let downs in my video gaming playing ( Diablo 3 was #1). This is so different from those 3, but not for the bad. I love this game. Every class plays so different, making it so replayable. I know I'll be putting in quite a few hours into this one.Pros.-Great music-Good atmosphere-Ton of Replability-Classes aren't copy and pasted-Not too RPGishCons.-Game is pretty short-No hidden characters ( Just my inner Gauntlet Dark Legacy side talking)Overall a great game. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,258970,12241275,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,m6ko,"Great spin on the classic, as a 20$ release game it has been well worth the money spent, very smooth and bug free. Seems balanced enough, hoping they add more content to the game."
76561198045133502,Recommended,258970,12239914,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mulder,es good gem when u pick questor THE REST SUX BBBBBBBALLLLLLLLLLLLSAX
,Recommended,258970,12250121,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,revjerp,"Classic arcade style, with some updated graphics and gameplay.  A neat concept of progression by failure is incorporated into the game, as well.  I've only played four levels but it was very casual fun.I was't about to connect for quick play yet.  I'm not sure if its just tomporarly down or what, but I'd have like to see how pick up games went.If you have any nostalgia for Guantlet, I'd recommend the game."
,Recommended,258970,12251028,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,McCoins,My favorite game in years.
,Recommended,258970,12226032,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Joneko Joestar,"Some people are being very misleading about characters being super unbalanced and only one class being viable when I think that is the farthest thing from the truth. So here is my quick Definition of each character and their ROLES.WARRIOR- Warrior is the nistalgic class of beat'em up with the mantra that, ""a good defence is having everyone around you die before you do"". All his attacks are melee with only a charge up dash for means to escape. Overall The Warrior is meant to be in the middle of action while yelling, ""I HAVE THE POWWWWWERRRRRR!!!!""Abilities- Attack, Heavy attack, Spin attack(only ability wth a cool down), charge run.VALKYRIE- Is the class That I have heared being called the better warrior, or Over Powered, or Easy mode. 'Tis true she is easy but that is only because she has the most resources that take smaller interactions but higher persistance.Example; Valkyrie has 3 combat moves that make her very agile with disposing of small creatures, and 1 defensive measure that can make her a stand alone immoble but invunerable tank. She can hack at enemies swiftly, throw her sheild and not block for a very short time but do a lot of damage to multiple people, and she has a dash attack that kills smaller creatures instantly and still does a fair amount of damage to things not executed by it. This dash does have prep and recovery frames but no cooldown really. One can abuse it to fly through easier levels, but once you step up the difficulty her role is not the 'no sweat' offence based character portrayed by other people. Once her dash cant solve many of her own problems, her blocking skill comes into play. She has the ability to Block all damage with this sheild as long as she hold the block button toward the source of damage and even minorly hurt smaller enemies and reflect projectiles. In a true team situation she is the single mother (and only women) of the team. Keeping her children from harm while paving a path for them for safe passage. She is a GardianWIZARD- The wizard is so fun in this game. He has 9 different spells he can use with no mana costs and all spells having separate cooldown timers. You input the spells by tapping 2 spell buttons in any order. I play with a 360 controller so I have X Y and B to make all my spells. Their are spells like fireball which is a small fast firing fireball, Ice ray fires a small low damage beam of ice to slow any one who touches it and damages them slowly, to spells like Flame serpant that sends yourself flying accrose the screen as a living flame that makes you almost invunerable and sets fire to all who touches you. The Wizard has a spell for all conditions as long as you know all spell cominations (a liitle difficult to master); however, he has very litttle health and has no true basic attack. All of your preformance is up to you picking the right spells from the 3 buttons input system. His true role can be anywhere from a high Artillery and AOE ( area of effect ) to a more support type of a class because he can make barriers and slow down a whole pocket of enemies with or completely freeze a small group. (3 spells i did not define)Shock Barrier- a barrier that repels most enimies and destroys projectileFreeze Blast- a small blast freezing enemiesFrost Grenade- a ball that exploads a small distance away and slows all enemies in the radius greatly(P.S this names of these spells are not official but what i refer to them as, sorry for my lack of knowledge)ALL SPELLS- Ice beam, fireball, shock barrier, freeze blast, big fireball/mortar, chain lightning, frost grenade, thunder punch, firedash/flame serpantARCHER- or the adventurer as he calls himself, The Archer is the most under appreciated class in the whole game. The archer is know for as that guy who is faster than everyone else and takes all the gold and does no damage. LIES!! ALLL LIES! The Archer has a very unique role in this game that not man people realize to its full potential. He is an assassin. many people are probably thinking, ""HOW CAN HE ASSASSINATE ANYTHING WITH NO DAMAGE?!?!?!""shut up voices in my head, let me talk. The Archers kit makes him the most mobile and slippery player in this game.His kit consists ofFiring arrows- who would of guest it, the cant damage spawners but they can take out plenty of enemies quicklyCharge shot- Charge an arrow to get the farthest ranged attack in the game and do good damageBomb- Lay down a bomb with good AOE and good damageDive Role- Role a short distance away, can go through targets, very short cooldownBombshot- later in the game you get this ability and it mix's charge shot and bomb to create a explosive bolt that sticks to walls or enemiesROLE OF ARCHER CONTINUED- so with all of these abilities yes he does takes gold because he's faster but think of him as a hitman. He has precise skills to take out thos enemies that do way too much damage from way too far away. and like an assassin he goes into danger ( Diving; something you cant do without dying ) and kills things that are unreachable to you. Every Assassin has a price though, some are just douchier than others and take EVERYTHING.... but then again this is still a gauntlet gameOVERALL- this game is a blast of nistalgia with a hint of something new ( an interactive rewarding combat system ). I think it is soooooooo worth playing! And like all Gauntlet games the more friends that play with you, the more fun you can have.For a Re-Boot-10/10OVERALL REGRETS- accidently bought 2 conditioners instead of 1 shampoo and 1 conditioner... poop"
,Recommended,258970,12268159,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Gadzooks,"Very fun game. Very Gauntlet feeling. Really brings back the old school arcade action hack n slash fun.Pros:- Up to 4 players at once- Smooth, fast paced combat- Replayability via harder difficulty modes- 4 very different classes- Fun graphics. Easy to look at and enjoy- Great music- No crashes (yet)- Only $20.- Works amazing well with a controllerCons:- Limited replayability based on actual content. This game needs a map maker, or endless levels.- 4 very different classes that are very poorly balanced with each other. Some are clearly more OP than others, which means the ""competitive"" aspect results in the same classes coming out on top 99% of the time for the end of level bonus.- Hackers (hopefully they can fix this soon. At the very least, ban them and remove them from the global scoreboard.)- Buggy class abilities cause inconsistancy and unreliability when you need them to work as they are intended.- Obviously designed with paid DLC in mind to keep the game more replayable. (the ending credits even hint at it).- Works pretty badly with keyboard and mouse. Awkward and limiting.Over all, despite the cons, the game is very fun. A great game to jump in for a short to mid duration action spree with your friends. If this had been at the arcade, I would have easily spent 20 bucks in quarters just trying to beat it. So yeah, its worth the buy."
76561198064931326,Recommended,258970,12282101,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DocDrydenn,"Fun time killer, but I'm not sure if it was worth the $20.It will run on a multi-monitor system, however, that does not mean that it's multi-monitor friendly. Playing at 5760x1080, the zoom (FOV) is not adjustable and makes it very hard to play at the fixed position.Maybe there will be updates to address this issue, but I won't be holding my breath."
,Recommended,258970,12240224,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,SneakydavE,"Lots of fun, wish i had some friends to come lan all the time for this one. It's a quite short, which is dissapointing, but its very replayable and there are many difficulties. I wish it was more arcade like - and that people could jump in whenever so you dont need to go to the lobby all the time to try to get more people as its most fun with a group of 4. It's a little unbalanced it feels, the warrior feels much weaker than everyone else and no one likes to pick him but they will likely patch to balance the characters a bit more (everyone wants the elf)."
,Not Recommended,258970,13319940,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Spottednoble,"Too little to do, and there's already DLC for this crap? No thanks."
,Recommended,258970,16551682,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,crimson1968,"Gauntlet was one of my favorite Arcade games in the 80s, we played with 2-4 people around he arcade machine when I was a teenager. This game here brings back those good memories in many ways. Strongly suggested for team-players!!"
,Recommended,258970,12910105,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,KillerBurrito,"Very challenging at some points, which makes it even more fun. It is definitely nostalgia coming back with a new kick♥♥♥♥♥feel to it. Can't wait to see more revamped games like this."
,Recommended,258970,12991728,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Knuspar,"Very entertaining game. Seems as if most of the hype i over though. Not that many players who play it anymore, but me and a buddy have had a lot of fun in it, and i will continue to have it installed for quite some time as its easy to go to if you have 15 minutes to ""kill"" :-)"
,Recommended,258970,13007773,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,RedMart,Really nice but quite short!!
,Recommended,258970,12933618,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,RustyPestUnit,"This game is awesome, makes me miss gauntlet dark legacy"
76561197972344714,Recommended,258970,12964128,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tengrim,"First let me say that I'm 47 and still a gamer (hello Day Z, Rust, farcry 123 ect). I played the original in the day.. Was fun. But this just scratches an irch that needed scratching.... Luv this game!!!"
76561197960666064,Recommended,258970,13007774,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,GrinR,"A thoroughly enjoyable update to a legendary classic.  Best played co-op, it delivers a fun action-arcade dungeon crawler experience with a little dash of skill tree and itemization to keep things lively."
76561198048440407,Recommended,258970,12944945,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Martian from Mars,I recommend it as it's a nice and fast dungeon crawler with a very cool artwork but not for 19.99 bucks.
,Recommended,258970,12950179,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Captain Kryptech,"Great way to kill time, and a realy good reimagining of the old roms. A lot of fun to play for anyone who loves isometic dungeon crallers although it realy needs to be played with a controller and not the keyboard."
,Recommended,258970,13009214,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,z0mbie,"Not the nostalgia I was expecting having played Dark Legacy a bunch as a kid BUT, still fun."
,Recommended,258970,12234567,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,.::AI | HiNasaPeepo,"Loving this game. If the original Gauntlet was made now, it would definitely be just like this. It has the same feel with good modern improvements."
,Not Recommended,258970,17222651,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Schism,"Bought it for Linux; Played/tested it on Windows Laptop (friend owned.)It was a great game but they lied and failed to deliver it to Linux Platform. Now in the process of trying to get a refund for the game because I can no longer play it as originally intended on an OS they failed to port too.Best part is: They are delivering the game to a console (PS4) which was not originally announced (whereas linux was) which is pretty much a f**k you to everyone who bought it. Thanks for the slight enjoyment from the game only to tell me ""Your copy will forever go to waste."" I will be making sure everyone I know that is even slightly interested in the game still will not buy it. Well played."
76561198080947729,Recommended,258970,12207007,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The Angel of Death,"Really brings back the epicness from the classic game! I love the fact that the Devs added a ""Classic Mode"" where the graphics go back to original settings. This game is definitely near the top of my favorite games this year."
,Recommended,258970,12208245,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Yashabo,"Awesome game, has a feel like Diablo but a lot more arcade like. It even takes some skill to use the wizard class which is unique and fun. And since Diablo's not on Steam, ♥♥♥♥ Diablo and get this instead it probably costs less than that new expantion as well."
76561197987760711,Recommended,258970,12211038,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GUMMO,Awesome! Worth twice the money - cant wait for my friends to get it! I just need to find the slot in my PC for 10p's... only downside is the cheap ending... some animation would be nice rather than a few crumby  pictures...
,Recommended,258970,12211081,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kassil,"Very much recommended, simply for the callbacks to the original Gauntlet.Also, the elf is apparently either Irish or Scottish, which is a nice thumb of the nose to the Scottish Dwarf trope."
,Recommended,258970,12212335,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ROAST,Absolutley love this game!  Such a great classic game and has some great new features.  I would recommend this game to EVERYONE!
,Recommended,258970,12212466,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,StewieTheThird,"Definitely has some bugs pertaining to the Graphic settings such as a hidden 1920 X 1080 resolution setting. Along with some massive frame rate drops and audio glitches.Aside from that and assuming you are lucky enough that the game doesn't crash, it is good. Like really addicting good. But the glaring issues are too much to ignore. I suggest you wait on the purchase for a week or so while the devlopers fix the bugs.8/10 till the bugs are fixed10/10 when the bugs are fixed.11/10 when you shoot the chicken."
76561198005776326,Recommended,258970,12212840,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,clickrush,"The game feels like a mix of a top down shooter and an action rpg. It's fast paced, challening and simple in its core.Why do I recommend it?It's just very well made. Everything is smooth and nice about this game. I doesn't have N amounts of weird and cryptic gimmicks and abilities. You will grasp it very fast, you will play fast and you will have alot of fun with this while it gets more and more challenging. Easy to learn, hard to master. It comes with a healthy portion of humor on top of it.Have fun!"
76561198080587467,Recommended,258970,12213855,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Aspergatory,IMO: The best of the entire series! Thank you Gauntlet!
76561197966440985,Recommended,258970,12214797,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Fuzero,"I played Gauntlet 2 on the original NES for years upon years and I feel like this game is a faithful remaster of that formula. For the asking price of $20, I have no buyers remorse and have had an enjoyable experience with the game thus far. If you're looking for a loot-driven dungeon crawler, this is NOT what you want; this game is more about cooldown management and circle-strafing while mowing down hordes of respawning enemies whilst attempting to gather gold and destroy enemy spawn points. As for loot, there are cosmetic options that you can earn in the game with gold purchases, and relics that you can purchases and upgrade for limited use during the levels. The four classes are quite distinct and I've found a few good combos for 2-player co-op. It seems like a simple game at first, but there's enough depth lurking here to keep you busy for some time."
,Recommended,258970,12214803,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,мi¢rōБэats™,"If you like the original Gauntlet or want to see what a properly rebooted series should play like, look no further than this current interation of the arcade classic.  Each class plays completely different, which makes each role feel useful in multiplayer.  Add in an enjoyable Mastery system and Skill shop and you've got one hell of a dungeon crawler. Hopefully Arrowhead Game Studios will be as fruitful with DLC as they have been in the past ( I hear they just release the 753rd Magicka DLC pack ).---Gauntlet™ is well worth the full price; buy this.---"
76561198057514960,Recommended,258970,12211451,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,sshillingsburg,Has anyone found a way of making an X-Arcade Tankstick work with this game in Mode 1? The initial screen asked for Controller or Keyboard and Mouse play. As Controller could only be selected with a  Start button (which does not exist on Mode 1) I selected Keyboard and Mouse assuming that I could change it later. Ummmmmm. That's not a setting that can be changed and the main screen no longer appears. Any ideas? Thanks.
,Recommended,258970,12213731,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Krustee,when does the comic arrive? I thoght it was supose to be on game day launch did you get yours? What about the gear?
76561198053319034,Recommended,258970,12207198,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,Got swarmed by wave after wave of enemies only for an angry teamate to kill me with an exploding barrel cause I ate his turkey.11/10 would eat his turkey again
,Recommended,258970,12212708,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Norm E. Rekker™,"This game is everything I wanted it to be. It's fantastic, the gameplay is solid, buying a controller for my computer was without a doubt the best choice I could have made. My only problem is that the game is a slight bit buggy. I do have my graphics set on low so the game runs better; but, things like chains and such sort of appear and vanish randomly as well as things like lamps appearing somewhere thy shouldn't and spazzing out. Overall, I love the game and it was worth my month long wait, but the game is sort of buggy for me. Worth every last penny. I really love this game."
76561198065510957,Recommended,258970,12213525,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mozzia,Fun game especially with coop!  If you were skeptical just buy it and play it!  You will probably love it!
,Recommended,258970,12206992,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[FTGN]deathforu,Just got done playing this game for about an hour and i have to say its one of the best versions i've seen in a long time. I would recommend this game for someone who has time to kill.
76561197969388648,Recommended,258970,12207771,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,CommodoreFly,Only just starting and the game is filled with nestalgia. Happy to be playing it again.Great game so far. A few bugs here and there. But not enough to really complain. Having lots of fun.Would recommend to fans of the series or people new to it. (but people who have played Gauntlet before should be pleased with the game)DON'T SHOOT THE FOOD!!!
,Recommended,258970,12214307,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,undisputedloser,"I admit I was skeptical about this one. Recent entries in the series haven't done well. Legends and Dark Legacy were pretty bad. I wasn't sure they'd be able to pull this one off, but they did.This is a solid game that stands well on it's own. I'm not saying it's perfect, as there are some quirks and rough edges. There's a strange 1920x1080 screen resolution bug (check the Steam guides for that work around). I think the way it visually tracks progress towards acheivements is confusing and unintuitive. These are things that should definitely be fixed, but nothing I would consider gamebreaking.If you're a fan of the series, especially 80's arcade machines or the original NES version, this is a must-have. The developers went back to the roots of the series and on the things that makes Guantlet unique: monster generators, destructible food, the iconic announcer. They built new features on top of that like elemental spell combinations for the wizard, and the valkyrie's flying shield. They added an item system that lets you customize the characters accoring to your playstyle. But it all feels grounded in the original game, like it should have been there already.If you're a fan of Guantlet, or just like killing mobs with 3 of your closest friends (or random strangers for that matter), it's worth picking up."
76561198060992964,Not Recommended,258970,14477484,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Airgane,Enormous waste of money. Don't bother unless you have at least a 60 inch screen to see the microscopic characters and really enjoyed the button mashers of the 80's.
76561197997355569,Recommended,258970,14494069,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Abraa,Great multiplayer fun!
,Recommended,258970,14494145,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,RpiesSPIES,So much fun with friends. Plays a bit differently than the original arcade did (adapted to changing times) and manages to make it even more fun.
,Recommended,258970,14492142,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Constant_Corpse,This game is at least as entertaining as the arcade classic was back in the day. The gameplay is well balanced through the classes and there is a variety of diffculty levels depending on your mood. There was just a sale so it seems like more people are playing.
,Recommended,258970,14501722,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Zelow,Great fun for 2 or more players. Could loose yourself in this game for hours.
,Recommended,258970,12226557,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ChickenHeart,STOP SHOOTING THE FOOD YOU FUKKEN WIZARD ARRRRRRRRRRGH
76561197998910233,Not Recommended,258970,15806580,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Gameboy,"The game is kind of fun with friends if you can make fun of it.The game however is not one I would recommend for 20$, maybe worth like 5$. The game gets very reptitive with the same enemies over and over again. Throughtout the entire game were these enemy spawning totems you had to kill, so no variation there.The classes are incredibly straightforward and boring, they each only have a few abilities, except for the wizard. No customization whatsoever. The ""relics"" are practically useless, you can only use it a few times in a given level, and you cannot use them on boss levels. Making them even more useless since they only gave you some good power for about 5-10 seconds.Overall, it has a couple of laughs here and there if oyu can make fun of it, but it is not worth it.I give it a 5/10 for its price of 20$, would bump it up to a 6/10 for 5$."
76561198148837111,Recommended,258970,30262927,Posted: 1 March,all,ticker2004,awesome
,Not Recommended,258970,22520004,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,McDanger,The game was exactly what I thought it would be when I bought it. Unfortunately it constantly crashes on my friends comp so I have no desire to play.  Also it gets boring pretty quickly.
76561198035451762,Not Recommended,258970,18640875,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Snotling,"I installed this game on 2 different PCs and tried 3 different gamepads. ALL OF WHICH WERE SUPPORTED according to their guidelines. I couldnt get this game to see the gamepad. Load up anything else (Magicka, Trine, Metal Slug) and the gamepads are seen right away."
,Not Recommended,258970,21552912,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,LOLIMETH,Where is Dark Legacy? and Zordon.
,Recommended,258970,14392651,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Flaeor,"Conquered a bored Saturday at home, became king of our Blanket Fort that got us through the third Blizzard of 2015. Solid action and skill-based combat, rewards you for doing what you do (even if it's bad), and is a new staple of any couch gaming experience!3 friends and I assembled into our blanket fort that we constructed in our living room, and eagerly awaited the download. Upon booting the game up, we all picked our classes. I picked Valkyrie, because I like protecting my friends. At first, I was quite frustrated at how often I was dying. I was supposed to be the Tank, right? That's the Valkyrie's specialty. Once I stopped crying and learned the intricacies of my 4 main moves, I'm a beast. I definitely die the least, and I protect my teammates through countless waves of beasties.tl;dr 10/10. Learn to play through the first couple of hours, and you'll be in for a great co-op couch gaming experience that both scratches that nostalgic itch of Gauntlet and evolves to be action-packed - if you die, it's your fault."
76561198045819867,Recommended,258970,12211474,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Spartacus,Tons of fun! A blast from the past for sure!
,Recommended,258970,12211547,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,saggardsquirrel,"If you are a long time fan of the arcade Gauntlet Legends you will be disappointed, however it is still playable.When I reach 30 hours of gameplay and have'nt yet turned into a fire breathing chicken, there will be hell to pay."
,Recommended,258970,12213112,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,torivorian_steel,10/10
,Recommended,258970,12213441,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Wacky Tobacky,♥♥♥♥ing Questor...
,Recommended,258970,26250849,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Gonzo850,"If you're expecting a remake to the original arcade Gauntlet,(video below) I recomend this game.https://youtu.be/7mMJio2MO6wIf you're expecting a Gauntlet Dark Legacy remake,(video below) I don't recommend this game.https://youtu.be/ufr71WwgvIQIf you're new to Gauntlet I recommend it. It's a fun laid back coop game. It's not trying to be the next Diablo. Gauntlet has always been about smashing through waves of enemies down endless dungeons with other people. Grabbing all the gold and not shooting the food. Only one copy needed for couch coop."
76561197972263910,Not Recommended,258970,19006745,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,Dull and plain. Unlike the N64 Gauntlet Legends.4 / 10.
76561198012778319,Recommended,258970,17499744,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Jake,"At first I was unsure about this game. It was pretty fun at least in multiplayer with 3+ players. It was short though, we burned through all of it in one ""all-nighter."" So I wasn't sure if it was worth the money, though I did buy the 4-pack so I could share.However, I notice today that there is a 1.5GB update and the devs have added things and changed some of the systems (seemingly for the better). This is great, I love when devs keep working on their games and adding content and changing things. Redigit (Terraria) is a great example of this. That game is the best money I have ever spent.In short, I am no longer unsure about whether this game was worth it and I'm very glad that I bought and enjoyed this game with my friends. We will probably play it again soon to see the new things and changes to old systems."
76561198329283697,Recommended,258970,30232607,Posted: 27 February,all,DamStr8,This game brings back some great memories my brothers and i would rock this game at the arcade and got it on concole best day right there so i bought and shared with them so we can rock the gauntlet once more.
76561198005552845,Recommended,258970,25223589,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,onIno,Awesome game! God I remember all my gametime with my cousins on Dreamcast playing Gauntlet.
76561197970755187,Recommended,258970,25194331,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MGarceau,"Gauntlet is a nice reboot of this classic franchise. The classes and style will be familiar with anyone interested in the ARPG genre.While there is nothing particularly new with this franchise reboot - meaning it plays it remarkably safe and close to home plate - what it does offer is solid. Gameplay, sound design, art-style, level design are all good.A recommended title to those familiar with the ARPG genre."
,Not Recommended,258970,26692989,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Peaches for Me,"This game totally misses what was fun about Gauntlet legends.And what is that? Well, it's the biggest annoyance to form out of the early 2000's. DLC.One of the most fun things to do, in Gauntlet, was to unlock hidden characters. IN this game; there is *no* secret characters, just DLC.I'll give it a 3/10:If you grew up with Gauntlet (maybe specifically Gauntlet Legends), this game will be 'playable' at best. But, I was sevrely disappointed with this game. I'd advize against purchasing the game..."
76561198002124849,Recommended,258970,16347536,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,"More like Smash TV than Gauntlet, but still awesome. Love Arrowhead."
,Recommended,258970,12280523,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kizakami,20/10 This game is ♥♥♥♥ing cooooool!kill those freaking monsters and eat those turky!
76561198086307718,Not Recommended,258970,14552791,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dookielove,This game sucks so much.I was expecting a whole lot because the original game on the Nintendo64 was really fun. This game blows in every aspect.
76561198010014794,Recommended,258970,15070143,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Yield,Good game. But too short.Theres only 3 levels and really like 2 difficulties since the easier ones you wont play again.Add more levels in an update or something and I bet this game will get a lot more people playing.
,Recommended,258970,27428927,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Seafoxin,"Good fun with a dedicated group of players. Haven't had any real success online so would recommend having friends that want to stick to this and finish the story.Aside from story-dungeon crawling, the other modes offer a bit of fun but are pretty much the same mechanically.Good for what I paid - £3.74 but not full price. I also do not own DLC which may make it more interesting."
76561198216371613,Recommended,258970,28152506,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,GHOST & GHOUL,Brings back childhood memories!
,Recommended,258970,33749067,Posted: 23 July,all,Das Salzmännchen,Playing this with my family. We love it. 10/10
,Not Recommended,258970,18898601,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sayaka Miki,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥cancer Camera. I do not recommend to anyone. play Hammerwatch instead.
,Not Recommended,258970,15275463,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kjell,Poor performance/badly optimized at release. Totally ruined my experience with it.
76561198011577233,Recommended,258970,18093361,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,RiCeR80,Awesome remake of the classic.  New and imroved gameplay.  Can be a little hard at times.
76561198027079793,Recommended,258970,18093597,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,diminisher01,I really enjoyed playing this through with a friend.
,Recommended,258970,18093752,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Paladyr[GEGN],Love it!
,Not Recommended,258970,12240389,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,OhioMan,"Got this title pre-sale and had to wait 20 or so days. fine.. launch day downloaded it and played it a little bit. As a 80's arcade Gauntlet vet I tried and tried to like this game. tried multi and didn't like the no chat,so no communication. The mechanics is off balance. I played the warrior first and what a joke. tried the rest and was not much better. Another down to the game is you couldn't redefine the keys! WASD is problematic with longer fingers and with a hand injury so its a BIG drawback. The game is too short along with locking doors forever so if you leave food there for emergencies you cant go back up and get it even when everything is clear. The gameplay is Meh for a gauntlet title and is NOT worth 20 bucks the way it currently is. I should of waited to buy this game. There is no gear drops either, and there is no ""I want my money back"" button either lol. Maybe I will change my review if things get better with time."
,Not Recommended,258970,12243680,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Nimil,"complete disappointment... i pre-ordered this thinking i was going to get something like the old arcade or xbox version of the game only with better graphics and maybe a new story, what i got was a diablo-esque dungeon crawler with ridiculous controls for all characters except warrior. while dungeon crawling is fun, it lacks a lot of what i looked forward to in a gauntlet game."
76561197971948699,Not Recommended,258970,12500947,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,AdmiralJack,"While they say controller is recommended, they should just go ahead and say it is damn near required.Control on the mouse and keyboard is horrible.What is up with only being able to attack to the left?Nowhere near the charm of the four player arcade game and for a port that came out some 30 years after it, it hasn't updated well at all.Avoid this piece of garbage.If i could get my money back, i would."
76561198004861646,Recommended,258970,12394786,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,a7r3id3s,OMG I LOVE THIS GAME. Its exactly like I remember and upgraded in all the ways I could ever wish for.
76561198045888880,Recommended,258970,12399793,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,dWNR.,Warrior needs food. Badly.
,Recommended,258970,13260140,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dreadicus,"If you like top-down co-op games; if you ever played the original Gauntlet;  If you like denying your teammates health - this is the game for you!   I played this in my youth (25c a game type playing!) and I can say - this *is* the modern version of the old familiar, done correctly.   Co-Op flows well, the available upgrade selections allow each character to be a reflection of how you want to play (to a certain degree - then again of you want massive customization - try Torchlight).  Gauntlet is for the mass-slaying hero inside all of us!"
76561198085042088,Recommended,258970,13261378,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rystein,"Player will work with friends as a team, but secretly plot to steal the crown from a teamate.So...Basically, Game of Thrones in top down slash 'em up.8/10"
,Recommended,258970,14153885,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HãppyCãt,i forgot how hard this was as was it back in the good ole days where i would pour quarters after quarters in the cabinet.. ahh good times this reminds me off
76561198045580857,Recommended,258970,12235868,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,God-awful Falafel,"If you expect anything too deep this isn't the game for you. Although they've added more depth than the original, it is still Gauntlet, for better or worse.This game is a ton of fun to play single and MP. I'm having a blast playing as the wizard. I recommend using a controller since they didn't add key binding yet.I do recommend this game but they need to add a few more things for me to be satisfied. I hope there are more dungeons coming via DLC. This game is really short and playing on a higher difficulty is almost impossible solo. Also they need to add drop in play, after someone leaves no one replaces them ever. Just a few small features would move Gauntlet from good to great."
76561198033128021,Not Recommended,258970,14786759,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,innova_xl,"Terrible Remake, They completely ruined the gameplay style of the series with this. Of the previous Gauntlets, even the N64 ones, the game style was a time survival fight through hordes to the exit with mixed elements of gold gain and power up purchases. This new release completely changed that into some wierd version of Diablo meets Smash TV where the players move from closed off room to room wave clearing. To the end result of purchase and equiping highly farm required account saved items to their characters in order to repeat the same levels on a harder difficulty.1/10Ruined a great series, please try again Arrowhead."
76561197993548244,Not Recommended,258970,14811454,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kadiev,♥♥♥♥♥iest gauntlet ever. Not even what Gauntlet was about. Do not buy. It is very short and easy.
76561197988974810,Not Recommended,258970,13515904,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dirtylilfixer,Stuck on a doorway hidden under an archway while being chased by the Grim Reaper. So many little annoying things with this game just make it frustrating.
76561198023778943,Not Recommended,258970,13573310,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,(FoS)bw.1978,"For years one co-op game stood out in the crowd, one of the 1st co-op dungeaon crawling, monster slaying hell of a good time, on that note this gauntlet does not deliver, the controls and mechanics are feble at best, the story is so short I spend more time masturbating, this $20 I will never get back and prolly never buy another title with the said name, and now there's a $5 dlc for just a char and an arena, this game and its makers can blow me all the way to the bank, good job on ruining a legendary title like gauntlet with this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!! ,,l,,"
,Recommended,258970,13607160,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,noobster,"Are you looking for the Gauntlet feel? Well, you've got it. This game is fun, and I haven't even had the chance to play with friends yet. If you nitpick, you'll obviously find things you don't like. If you're just in it to walk around killing hordes of things like in the old arcade game, then this is for you."
,Recommended,258970,15177008,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Tadswana,faitful recreation of my all-time favourite classic 80s arcade game. Beats the crap out of the Sega remake in the 90s.Elf needes food badly.
76561198089166650,Not Recommended,258970,17621462,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,tybo,not the game i payed for :/ would like a refund because i really dont think ill be playing this game anymore.played for 10-15 min. and really unamused.why such a big change and remove old version completly?
,Recommended,258970,13735690,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,RACISM,tons of fun for u and ur m8s
76561198003856711,Recommended,258970,23395649,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ZER01,The best reboot to the original Guantlet hands down.
76561198162553989,Not Recommended,258970,19509012,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dragonhunter250,"Give us back legacy edition, Slayer edition is for PS4 players not for us"
76561197966676194,Recommended,258970,12227946,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,wr41thx,"TLDR: $20 gets you a fun coop experience with a few bugs that need to be hashed out.  Game is not that deep, but what were you expecting from a more faithful reboot of an arcade game from 1985?  Definitely worth it if you have friends.Let's just get this out first and foremost: This is a $20 reboot of a classic arcade game.  Have you played the original arcade game in a while?  It is about as vanilla of an experience as you can get.  It could easily be described as a fantasy themed, slower paced, robotron with keys in a maze.  Am I bashing the original game?  Hell no, it's a classic and a blast - but I wouldnt call it deep.  If you are looking for a complete reimagining of the series, then stick to Dark Legends or many of the other 4 player top down / isometric cooperative games that are more modern (Diablo, Sacred 3, etc)So what do we get for our $20?We get a much prettier 1985 Gauntlet with a few modern twists in the form of relics and perks.  Level flow is very methodical.  It's handcrafted dungeon (as per described in the trailer), procedurally generated level with some kind of theme (Death, Darkness, Lava bombs per world respectively), Arena Fight, then boss.  You can beat the game in about 3-5 hours on normal.  Honestly after beating it 2P with my wife, I have to agree that the real game shines on hard or insane with 4P.  This is where cooperation is key and little set backs (like the famed shooting the food) create that fun ""tension"" between the players.We get the original 4 classes, with some significant differences between them.  The Valkarie has a defensive shield, a spear dash, and a Captain America-esque sheild throw.  She is a defensive player that can trade her best defensive skill for her best offensive skill (shield throw disables block).  The Elf has rapid fire arrows, a high powered sniper shot, and bombs (that eventually become tied to the sniper shot).  This is your low hp hit and run character with burst damage.Then we get to the two most (appropriately in a thematic sense) opposite characters in the game - The wizard and the warrior.The warrior is rather bland with a medium cooldown AOE attack, two basic melee attacks, and a dash with a rather long charge time.  Some of his perks seek to spice him up slightly, but it feels like he is simply not quite as unique as the remaining characters.  He needs something to stand out, and it feels like the least amount of time was devoted to fleshing him out.  He has a powerful cleave that can one shot basic enemies - but it has a small area of effect thus rendering it really only useful towards attacking spawners.  Maybe he improves with perks, but he feels initially weak - which is not the impression to make with a hulking muscle bound killing machine with a 5 foot long broad axe.The wizard on the other hand is the utility character.  Many will note that the game is made by the same team who worked on Magicka, and his spell system is very similar to a watered down version of the one found in said game.  For those accustomed to DOTA2, he is very similar to Invoker.  He has low hp, but has the most versatile skill set of the entire game.  Merlin has various forms of AOE crowd control, a teleport, and decent damage output.  He has the potential to be the single most powerful character in the game once you are practiced with switching between his nine(!) available spells.This is entirely my opinion - but the Wizard is aboslutely brilliant and is by far the most entertaining character to play in the entire game.So, as has been noted by fellow reviewers, there are some balance issues in the game.  Some characters are simply more well rounded than others.   Some are exceedingly more complicated, but far more rewarding as well (Im looking at you Merlin).  It feels that the relic system, which allows characters to purchase special abilities that are useable via potions found in the dungeons, could have been used to balance this better - but everybody can purchase and use the same relics.  It may sound restrictive in a sense, but perhaps it would have been best to allow only certain characters to purchase certain relics.  Especially in the case of the very vanilla warrior and the overly versatile wizard.There are some definite bugs as well - Crypts (World 1) 1-2 has a reoccuring bug where doors will not open or keys will not spawn.  I've encountered this bug at least 3-4 times, and it forced us to restart the level to progress.  My wife and I have experienced crashing issues.  There are issues selecting resolutions in the graphical settings and the game doesnt play especially friendly with dual monitor configurations.  Some players are noting GPU overheating issues when vsync is disabled as well.Overall, however, I felt the need to write this review because I am sincerely enjoying the game.  It really shines with 4 players on hard or insane, but is a fun romp even on normal with 2 players.  I feel the price is perfectly acceptable for the amount of content this game provides, as well as the ability to play it online or couch coop.  If you approach the game with the expectations of what it really is - a more faithful remake of an arcade classic - then I am sure you will not be disappointed."
76561198066744320,Recommended,258970,12229257,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Goon,Very addicting
,Recommended,258970,12238111,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Dr.Eugenics,"A good little dungeon crawler but a bit too short, hopefully they'll release some level packs to give it some variety though"
,Recommended,258970,12238662,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Falcon16,Absolutely amazing game. Highly recommended if you're a fan of the classic Gauntlet games from both the 80's and the more modern era (Gauntlet Legends in the arcade and N64 come to mind) I personally found it was very very similar to Gauntlet Legends with the top down perspective being slightly different but nonetheless welcoming. Well worth the $19.99 I paid for it on preorder. Only thing I think is silly about this game is that the items in the loadout section do NOTHING for your character but make them look cool. Where you want to focus your money is the relics. In the older games the loadouts would be different weapons and such to improve your character but not here seems almost like the prestige system from COD to me. Overall I'd give it a 4/5 5 being if it was actually possible to get new weapons rather than have to rely on relics which takes potions to power to boost your character.
,Recommended,258970,12242880,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,imTRiPPiNG,"This game is awesome.  Most of the players are pretty decent to play with and the updates seem to be coming quick.  Player controls are really fun and the customization system is simple, but gives you some cool choices for each character.  Hopefully they release some DLC for this sometime in the near future that would be great.- Also, a text chat function.- I kind of miss the original 4 player character selection screen.  (The 4 1/4 bar divisions for each toon)- I can't choose colors for any characters which is a bummer, but I can see where it would be better left alone.Overall can't complain, I'm hooked.  Coming from a huge n64 version fan, I know this is more like the OG Gauntlet, but it's playing super smooth!"
76561197987612545,Recommended,258970,12265262,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cronofire,classic greatness that is best played with local co-op.
,Recommended,258970,12223663,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[MFS] Jahboy,Very fun playing with the controllers.  Played on Normal setting and it was relatively challenging.  Cant wait to try the other difficulties!  Worth the 20 dollars.
76561198032818444,Recommended,258970,12225506,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Vibes,This bring's back old memory's of standing around an arcade machine with friends. Great fun.
,Recommended,258970,12228299,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Innocuous Rift,"This is a game about competitive cooperation, and *must* be played with friends (either in meatspace, or with voip) in order to get the full experience. It might not be the ""next big game"", but that's clearly not what it set out to be. The game is an absolute blast (with friends), and provides great value (especially if you grab a 4-pack)."
,Recommended,258970,12257692,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pimp Juice,"Generally pretty fun, a nice reboot of the original gauntlet. Gotta have friends to play with, because the pub game system sucks, and theres no way to communicate (via text). Could be a little more polished, but the price is decent for this quality of gameplay!"
,Recommended,258970,12276958,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Bobtheallmighty,"fun game, worth the 20$ for me and my friend. had a bumpy start trying to get multiplayer to work though, figured out we had to go through the tourtorial before getting to the options to set up a private server (i thought this was 2014, whats with the forced toutorial crap?)  other then that it plays fine but lacks a bit of depth overall compared to the older games."
76561198041672373,Recommended,258970,12282297,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,anal man,Short game. Ruthlessly fun though. :DD
,Recommended,258970,12215884,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zig,"love this gameThe Good-Great level design each section is just a complete blood bath do to the insane amounts of mobs in each part-4 of the classic classes to choose from (Wizard, Warrior, Valkyirie, Archer) from the original that can never go wrong-Amazing if playing in a party with friends can be a little boring on solo and difficult-12 unique relics that can do anything from freeze enemys to summon a gargoyle to fight for you-A leaderboard system that includes completion time and score-I'd recommend this to anyone whos was into the original Gauntletbut there is a down side to the gameThe Bad-its short i remember putting 20+ hours in to gauntlet legends on the n64 and beatting it i beat this a 9-not much to do on the customizing part of the game choosing a different weapon wont make it so you hit harder or other gear wont boost defence which is a bummer-its a bit repetitive each chapter has 3 sections 2 to explore and one to just kill♥♥♥♥♥♥-only 3 bosses which is another bummer there should be at lease 5-7 to extend the game-potions only power relics i remember when death was chasing me through out a level and the only way to get rid of him was to drop a light potion down and he would evaporateThe last thing im going to say is there better be an expansion because I WONT MORE all that left to do is get the acheivements and get #1 on the leaderboards"
,Recommended,258970,12225688,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Cenoon「시눈」,"Growing up I played Gauntlet: Dark Legacy on Gamecube....New Gauntlet comes out, instant nostalgia and amazement at how well the classic was brought into the modern era of gaming. Same type of gameplay, same classic fun when you steal the food from your friend and watch them die. Even with what little I have played, I already know that this will be another favorite of mine."
,Recommended,258970,12249514,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Mithril,"First off.. this is a well executed game. It is much like the original Gauntlet (which I spent too much money on) It's very loyal to the original game. The original is one of the first true multiplayer experiences (way back in prehistory) And I think this is an excellent game to gather some friends, have something to drink and play together for a while. It is a hack and slash fest, just like Diablo, but unlike the latter, this doesn't take itself seriously. Now, the praises aside, it does have a few minor chinks in it's armour. Multiplayer invites doesn't work properly. For some (at least for me) unfathomable reason, you need to have the friends window open, so to see the invite, that upon clicking it.. will launch the multiplayer properly. How they thought *that* was a good idea, I'll never understand (and I should probably point the finger at Steam, since more games have this peculiar behavior) The second is that you can't click past the intial tutorials.. I find that very very annoying! But still, it is a fun and enjoyable game, but I am not certain of the longevity. EDIT: I cleaned up the review a little, and shortened it. But the essentials are the same."
,Not Recommended,258970,13841585,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nyk84,"I dont need to go into great detail - I simply echo the other reviewers who have voted down this game. Its short, repetitive and therefore does not have much longevity. The relics are useful but largely gimmicky and good players will finish the game before they have even bought up the relics or attained most of the character masteries.Sure the devs may introduce some other new game modes, as they have started to do, but i expect it will require $$$ for DLC and frankly the game doesnt warrant the investment.I also bought the Lilith character and she is terrible. There are major design issues with the character."
76561198079137908,Not Recommended,258970,13751385,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tristin,"I've been hearing about how previous Gauntlets are awesome, and also found this game seemingly very good while watching Twitch broadcasting it. But I have to say, despite this is a great game, the bugs don't cut it. TOO MANY BUGS. Just way too many to consider that this is an acutal released game. Beta or early access, sure. But actual released game? Not only bugs, but if you have ever played any other games, and tested out the game thoroughly, you know what interface needs to be changed. I'd say programmer sucks a bunch and shame on you. Do not buy this game.... unless these are fixed. This is why I am not buying the extra DLC."
76561198072793384,Recommended,258970,18261566,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Arlo the Big Island,"Gaunlet is a great dungeon crawler that stay's true to the original and also does more. One quick thing this game is not worth its original price and you should wait for it to go on sale. But on with it, it has a 4 player co-op that make you and friends trying to survive because its not an easy game. There is 4 characters with one dlc character that each have their role pros and cons. Its is a great game and it deserve a 7.85/10"
,Recommended,258970,12220385,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zii'lyeh,"Pure dungeon crawling - you and up to 3 other players take on the Gauntlet, a giant magical labyrinth summoned by the powerful wizard Morak. You control your character (there are for - the heavy hitting warrior, the quick and defensive Valkyrie, the Wizard who deals in a large number of spells, and the Elf archer) from a bird's eye perspective, killing monsters and picking up loot. The eventual objective is to find 3 amulets and give them to Morak for power unimaginable.The graphics are reasonably good looking without interfering too much with the gameplay - a plethora of effects add a splash of colour to a game that is otherwise somewhat dull (greys n browns). You'll be too busy paying attention to the horde of mummies running after you to really pay that much attention. The view distance is also high enough that you don't really need to worry much about fine details. Music is a simple background melody encouraging you to keep on hacking and slashing - as for effects, monsters grunt, missiles bounce off the valkyrie's shield with a DINK and the wizard spells zap and boom entertainingly. Voice acting is rather lacklustre but is hardly an integral part of the game.From a control perspective, each character has their own set of light attacks, heavy attacks and special abilities - the wizard using a 2 button combo system to cast a wide variety of spells from 3 elements (storm, earth and fire). The response on both gamepad and Keyboard/Mouse is good, with minimal delays in the character doing what you want.The game does feel like it lacks a bit of variety - the problem with being a faithful remake is that after a little while things start to get a bit samey, but adding a friend or two to the mix can bring up the replay value immensely. There's even an element of competitiveness as the game tracks how much gold you obtain and how many kills you make, as well as a ""crown"" that can be taken off monsters each level to give a single player a significant bonus. Watching a group of people chase after a shiny hat while more and more mummies pop out of the ground is amusing, to say the least.Overall, Gauntlet takes a simple concept and does it well. It's definitely a good match for Diablo or Torchlight players, even though there is minimal progression aside from upgrading your relics and masteries (which provide minor bonuses) the game has few lulls and keeps your attention through constant, unrelenting action."
,Recommended,258970,12239575,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Danimal66,Fantastic reenvisioning of a classic game I grew up with. Worth every penny at $20
76561198032919000,Recommended,258970,12264047,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kuryux,"The game feels like its not complete, as if they had to launch it earlier or, more likely, they took many features out in order to earn more later with downloadable content.The ""items"" are actually only outfits, not giving any bonuses. The relics are very few, only around 10. The levels feel nothing like the original, There is NOTHING randomized. Every time I repeat a dungeon, it feels like the same thing over and over again.The original had 5 worlds with tons of levels each that made you feel like you were in an epic adventure, finding your way in a huge labyrinth. In this version there are only 12 levels, and most of them are way too linear. Not to mention the bugs.... my character oftens becomes extremely slow, as if I was in slow motion, then I have to watch everyone else kill everything while I can barely walk.With all that said, its still nostalgic and yet innovative, considering the price, I would still recommend it for fans of the original."
,Recommended,258970,12266156,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Strategerize,"Run Shoot Run Shoot, BOOM, Run Shoot Run Shoot Boom.  GOLD!.  Needs food badly.  Run Shoot BOOM.  GOLD! (Repeat endlessly)."
,Recommended,258970,12224224,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lobie,"Let's be honest here...The game is good. It's a game that has a lot of different content available, and 4 classes. It's not the best; but it's good.The biggest falling grace of this game, is level content.There are 12 levels; each with 3 floors.The 2nd floor is the same in each level, and it's simple artificial difficulty that punishes you for making a simple mistake; and makes it annoying, or impossible to actually explore.Simply put; the game does not have enough levels at this time to be worth $20.Do I recommend the game, yes. For one reason; what we have in the game is absolutely wonderful.Soon, we may seem some updates that include new levels (6 months?); at that point, you may be able to get the game at $14.99 on sale. It's worth it then; but not now.If number of levels isn't something that concerns you; it's worth the $20 now. If it is. Wait.That simple."
76561198011327106,Recommended,258970,12228138,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Spirit,"Is this a great game? Yes.Is this a great Gauntlet game? Not really.I might be blinded by nostalgia (this is a nostalgia review) but, Gauntlet Legend on N64 forged in my mind what a Gauntlet game should be. Then, I got Gauntlet Dark Legacy on GameCube and the game kept everything I loved in the N64 version and added a crazy amount of content.Sadly, this game went away from a lot of element I loved about the past 3D Gauntlet. From what I played so far, it did bring some new interesting ideas, but sadly it got rid of a lot of what I consider the ""core"" of Gauntlet. In this state, it felt a bit more like a clone of Diablo 3.-- Improvement from previous Gauntlets --- Small puzzle to make the game feel a bit less repetitive. (Sadly they do reuse the same kind of puzzle a bit too often)- Actions like grabbing an explosive barrel. (Didn't like that the barrel could respawn)- Achievements to upgrade your hero.- Boss that require more thinking to kill effectively.- The potion use for the special ability is a great mechanic.- Unique way to play each type of hero.-- What is missing from previous Gauntlets --- Collectible! Where are my runes?- A lively overworld. (It does look really dull without theme levels)- Not a fan of the new way enemy portals works. (My biggest complaint)- No levelling up! (I did love the level grind when I was to weak for some boss)- No easy way to upgrade what your hero needs. (Strength / Speed / Armor / Magic)- Don't like how often you need to kill all enemies in a room to open gates.- Keys are too static and don't give the player much choices. (I miss these trap chest! haha)-- TLDR --Overall, if you like the dungeon crawling style in general, for the price, this is a great game.On the other hand, if you expect something like Gauntlet Legends or Gauntlet Dark Legacy, you might be disappointed."
,Recommended,258970,12229259,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Thacorax,Very fun indeed!
,Recommended,258970,12225660,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SpongeBong!,"Its A exceptional tribute to the classic games, It is very fun with others and supports matchmaking and 4 player Local co-op as well as ingame items , weapons , armour thats purchasble with ingame gold earned and maybe workshop/DLC at some point...This games deserves a 10/10  for its creativity and originality..."
,Recommended,258970,12238219,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Whitewall,"I have played Gauntlet and Gauntlet II in the past and still do from time to time.  But this newer version has to be, by far, the greatest remake-ish type of game for this series.  The gameplay is fun, challenging, and unique.  Though, I would advise going in as a team."
,Recommended,258970,12238865,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,GoaT_PhysX_,Fight over who can play as Questor!11/10
,Recommended,258970,12210499,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[NFoD] Echo_One,The arcade game is eating my quarters again.  Fun overload!
,Recommended,258970,12213647,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,SoulMyst,I felt so special dropping the golden crown continuously and getting an achievement for it.
,Recommended,258970,12215211,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ran93r,"I loved Gauntlet, it's probably one of the strongest memories I have of playing arcade games with mates and this is a really polished reimagining of one of my childhood classics.The title theme has nods back to the original theme, the original four characters are there (with vocals this time). They play a little differently, no longer bound by just one attack, a change I'm still on the fence about. The Wizard for example works very much like a cut-down version of a Magicka character, pressing two button combinations to change the attack to Chain Lightning or a force push-back or a fire-bomb or a charge attack that turns you into twin fireballs that set enemies alight.The little nods back to the original are a nice touch and the combat is still as frenetic as I remember. There is even a classic mode which turns the graphics back to grubby 8-bit, currently made popular by all the dogshit indie games.I feel a bit down that the people who I used to play real Gauntlet with back in the day are not really gamers anymore because I think they would love this as much as I do."
,Recommended,258970,12217123,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kafoops,"This is a well reimagined version of Gauntlet, but still faithful to the game mechanics of yore. Bring some friends because coop  just makes it all the more better. Don't shoot the food, guts those potions, and gorge all the loot - but stay away from death!!!"
76561198010555856,Recommended,258970,12218422,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,gagunga2,Its exactly what I expaected. Its Arcade Hack n Slash and I love it. Also the game brings back childhood memories of me and my friends hanging out.
,Recommended,258970,12223622,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bunny,"It's all fun and games until someone destroys all the food.All jokes aside, I love this game. I loved the classics, and I have always loved the hack n slash genre.I was expecting the game to be altered differently but I wasn't disappointed with how well the devs kept the original essence of the classic game still.I am glad I bought multiple copies and preordered it, and I'm sure my friends and others will find this game quite a refreshing experience to modern dungeon crawlers out there on the market.I can't wait to see what else is in store for Gauntlet later on!"
76561197998831887,Recommended,258970,12227278,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Sunchips,"Put on your nostalgia pants guys. This one is a blast from the past. There are so many good things to be said about this game that I really don't know where to begin... On yes, that's right, its GAUNTLET! The one action ""RPG"" that defined the genre for a generation. This version stays true to the original hack and slash fun! The co-op is a blast, being very ""competitive-ish"" like the original. The only thing that is missing is the friendly fire. If you are looking for a great hack-and-slash'er with alot of replay value, this is a MUST OWN!Beware: Your social life ... is about to die!"
,Recommended,258970,12228258,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Xanstus,"I am going to be honest.  The game itself is short.  Does not take too long to play through the entire game.  The upgrades don't do much but give you different looking stuff, not that there is anything wrong with cosmetic upgrades.  Relics are a nice touch and give players a life line when they are in serious trouble.  I would recommend playing the game on normal to start with as at higher difficulties enemis spawn quicker and become tougher which is hard to deal with when first starting out.  The actual character upgrades come from achievements completed throughout the game, death being part of those achievements.  I played through the game with a wizard and I would STRONGLY suggest to play with a controller and not a keyboard and mouse, it is very much designed with controllers in mind.  Wizard works in an interesting way where you press a combination of buttons to set a certain spell to attack with.  Each spell having a different range and bringing different benefits with it.  Each floor is setup in three stages: Exploration, escape/run for your life, and Survival (in that order).  It can become repetative and nothing really changes through different playthroughs.  All of this said, it is still an enjoyable experience.  The kind of joy that comes from taking hordes of monsters head on and coming out of it victorious.  It is still very much a Gauntlet game in its roots.  Fight large hordes, pillage all the loot, look for keys, and eat some of that sweet sweet food.  If afters reading this you have reservations about the price then I would wait a while until it goes on sale but I do suggest that at some point you give it a try because I believe it is worth your time."
76561198075387875,Recommended,258970,12228391,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Gisherjohn,"So far so good, good old school fun. Using the wizard is a bit out of whack though, those controls are a bit weird..."
76561198006309012,Recommended,258970,12237840,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Nestruck,Short but nice.
76561198043660131,Recommended,258970,12238554,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Papa Piglet,"It's a fun game that I love, but it is very short and unless they bring out free or cheap DLC soon I think the pricetag's a bit much. :|"
,Recommended,258970,12238691,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Dat_Grep,"TL;DR version: Gauntlet  is good.The new Gauntlet game on steam is delightfully fun. Each character has a very unique play style. The levels are all well designed, with little to no down time in the action. The game flows pretty smoothly, and the inclusion of local multiplayer means you can have your friends over, pop on some usb controllers and have a great time together.A few friends and I beat the game last night, after about 6-8 hours of play. At $20, that's about what I was expecting for completion time. There is a decent amount of replay with the challenges, and the unlockables.The story was very minimalistic, not a lot to it. Which can be expected from a title in the Gauntlet series.The character customization leaves a lot to yearn for. There are different clothing items and weapons you can wear, that are aesthetics only. There are relics that you can equip to compliment your playstyle, but they aren't game breaking on their own.Graphics are smooth, run well, and have a few options that allow this to work well on older computers. It also has a 'classic' filter you can apply to the game that puts a layer of pixelization over the game. It's a fun throwback, but makes aiming ranged attacks difficult, and can make it hard to differentiate between certain enemies.All in all I'd rate this game highly mostly for the nostalgia factor. 7.5/10. Best if played with friends."
,Recommended,258970,12238916,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Bloomfield (Fish-Man),I doubted this game at first.....I was wrong... so very wrong...You need this game... the World needs this game...It's got FoodIt's got Food shootingIt's got an elfYou need this game... Badly
76561198024438288,Recommended,258970,12238999,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wizznob,Enjoying this game alot. Brought some friends along and they love it as well. if you enjoyed original gauntlet pick this up 10/10 would bang devs :D
76561198016079627,Recommended,258970,12243059,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Phatdoc,"I remember playing the original gauntlet.  only tried single player so far, but its a great romp. Recommend for hack and slash lovers.  Get ready to die!Also much easier with a control pad"
,Recommended,258970,12246573,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RGZ,i love this game when i was a child . great remake 10/10
76561198045986442,Recommended,258970,12251425,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,willsworld0,this is a great game and it makes me remember the fun I had as a kid playing the orignal Gauntlet for the NES
76561198013245380,Recommended,258970,12251940,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,todd101265,fun game
76561197993428671,Recommended,258970,12252280,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DJ Slinky,Fun distraction with friends. graphics like marvel 2014. not a whole lot of content more a survivor based game. there is 4 classes and everyone has to pick one. you cant have 2 the same. wizard is complex. mele is a little challanging. ranger is a cakewalk.  dont think the game has the hold like warcraft or lol. give it a month of regular play at best.  price point should be a little lower but isnt bad.
76561198110456214,Recommended,258970,12252597,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Sound Pulse69,cool game kinda fun i guess not as good as the old ones
76561198034248637,Recommended,258970,12254233,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Korremarr,11/10 would play until I starve to death
76561197961763886,Recommended,258970,12256247,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mertz de Nekodamus,A good throw back to the old 1985 arcade game and great to play with a group of friends.
,Recommended,258970,12264816,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,The Yellow Ant,A really great update to the classic Gauntlet. Each class feels unique with different moves and manuevers.
76561198091898905,Recommended,258970,12265725,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,JazZ+ Rip in Papaya Pepeeto,"Creative, intense, great visually and mechanically, Gauntlet is the game for anyone looking for hours of action fantasy teamwork. If I have anything bad to say, it's the lack of a chat or in-game communication device (I don't count the arrow emotes). I'd also enjoy to play more content and have more spell options (barb feels redundant), but who doesn't? Keep going, add classes and make it harder! :)Well worth 20 bucks,8/10"
76561198044001664,Recommended,258970,12282446,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dreamer,I would recommend this game for adult and children.  Great gameplay.
76561198039026372,Recommended,258970,12285568,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,iceaxe852,"Has launch bugs which are currently being patched. So long as your connection stays good, its one of the best co-op games i've played in a long while. Good pacing and unique control schemes for classes make this game plenty of fun with friends. Solo experience isn't bad, but there is definitely a high multiplayer focus and that is where it shines. For $20 this game is quite the catch."
,Recommended,258970,12216631,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Severd_Nerv,"After having a quick play i can certaily say this game was worth the wait and deff value for money.Gameplay is gr8, graphics are absolutly fine.Gr8 Job Guys =D"
,Recommended,258970,12220085,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,cranberry1977,"Multiplayer is not working, please fix it. Everytime it says : Failed to find suitable game. I have tried this in all difficulties."
,Recommended,258970,12223015,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,IcoruS,"Felt way to short. Normal was way to easy, should be played on hard or unfair. Masteries seemed boring.Was expecting a ton more levels with various structure to them instead I got the same♥♥♥♥♥♥for the three sets of doors.Whats good about it? Fun while lasts, pretty lame solo play should be done with friends. Why was this is short? No endless waves mode? At least it was only $20"
76561198043175528,Recommended,258970,12224531,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Break,So much fun!
76561197970439755,Recommended,258970,12224892,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Silent-Strike,"You know I absolutely LOVED the arcade and N64 versions of Gauntlet so I'm bias as far as that goes but I really have to say that day one bugs really turn me off.  Strike one for this company was the ungodly frustrating bugs in Magicka.  This is strike two for Arrowhead Game Studios and if the Gauntlet bugs aren't seriously addressed in later releases, they've lost a customer for life.FAIR WARNING:  I'm writing this review with 1.6hrs of gameplay under my belt so draw your own conclusions on what I noticed during my brief time.  In complete honesty, after the game crashed 1.6hrs in, I didn't bother loading it up again and played Civ 5 instead.  I'm really irked about my ill-Magicka feelings bleeding through onto this review, but that's what happens when you don't address defects in your software.Pros: Nostalgia, graphics, puzzle environment, online multiplayer, levels load very fast.Cons: oh boy, here we go...-Full screen video.  The game start with your windows start bar displaying.  You can change it to full screen but the full screen setting doesn't always stick.-Games in Progress:  You can't join (or have your friends join) a game that has already started. Highly annoying.-Character Selection: You can't select more than one character type at the same time.  i.e. you can't have four warriors at the same time.  You should be able to have a red/blue/green/yellow warrior but you no can haz!-Upon death: I would love to have the ability to change character classes but since I'm locked to one class once I join the game, I can't do that.-The camera.  I played with two other players and all of us were on the same half of the screen, yet, the camera doesn't move to compensate unless you touch the edge of the screen.  This leads you to burn up keys that you've collected.-Auto Fire:  When using the mouse, you can hold the left click to auto-fire with the archer, but none of the other characters have an auto-fire ability.  This leads to insane amounts of clicking and can get really tiresome.  I haven't tested this with my USB Logitech selectable auto-fire controller but I'm going to be forced to use it if this feature doesn't get added.-Buggy:  Random crashes reminiscent of Magicka that turned you off to Magicka in the first place.  I was lucky enough to get to unlock level 4 with two of my friends in one sitting before the first crash occurred.-Collision:  Collision should be an option to be turned on or off.  It's upsetting when your friend blocks a doorway and you die because can't get past him.-Random spawn timers:  I've died and have had to wait anywhere from 5 seconds to 20 seconds to spawn and have no idea why the timers are different.-Wizard:  The gameplay is challenging enough as it is, and your character is already always on the move dodging enemies, so why introduce ""Magicka style"" 3 or 4 button combinations needed to cast a magic spell?  It's my opinion that the wizard will be the least used character because of this.-Warrior and Valkyrie:  The HP attributes on these two characters needs to be improved, either that or make the fighting space a lot larger, have have the baddies do less damage, or introduce a slight knock back on every attack.Hopefully these issues will be addressed in future updates."
,Recommended,258970,12225067,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Unreasonable,"Fun so farUnable to join a game in progress, which sucks if you lose connection to the game in progress"
76561198027950700,Recommended,258970,12225481,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ThreeToad,"Arcade awesomeness....a remake that actually improves on the original, more 360 shooter than the original, but retains all the classic bits....STOP SHOOTING THE FOOD DBAG!..RUN ITS DEATH!..ah memories.....if your not nostaligic wait for a sale, winter is coming"
,Recommended,258970,12228730,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Commander,"+ Faithful to the series+ Nostalgia Overload+ Game is very difficult on the more difficult settings+ A blast to play with 2-4 friends+ Runes are a great new addition+ Tons of potential for lots of DLC (levels, bosses, challenge/endless mode, characters, cosmetics and runes)+ So...Hungry- Repetative: Its a hack and slash though- Short: Disappointed that there are only 12 levels- After the first level you feel like you've seen 90% of the game- So...Hungrytl;dr: Worth my $20."
76561197989266361,Recommended,258970,12231846,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,locustx,"Great game, real old School action, frenetic & funny from beginning to end. Well worth EVERY penny. Well done to the makers of this game & thanks!"
,Recommended,258970,12242828,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,hatersbehatin,"Cons:Wayyyyy to short for $20 in my opinion.Pros:The mix of classes and the different control schemes keeps it fun and interesting.Graphics are pretty good for genre.Game plays well(phyics, movment, combat)Local Co-Op is included and is needed for the future of pc gaming steam boxes etc."
76561198017992013,Recommended,258970,12250470,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,jimkeir,"This is something of a Marmite game - you either love it or hate it. There's some very justifiable criticism out there but in some cases at least I think it's down to people's expectations.For me, this is all about nostalgia for those of us who remember pumping 10p coins into the arcade machine. It'd be a hoot playing with friends too. It reproduces the spirit of the original Gauntlet in an updated game.That means that the negative points are all correct. Yes, it's simplistic; you shoot stuff and collect gold. No character development, no massive story, it's all in the instant gratification of hurling firepower at suicidal enemies and watching them drop like flies. It's the kind of game you can pick up, blast for ten minutes and put down with a grin.Other bad points are harder to justify. It's very, very short for starters - only twelve levels which you'll clear in a few hours on the normal difficulty. The writeup claims ""randomly generated levels"", implying (again, maybe only for those old enough to remember) a massive variety of semi-randomised levels once the twelve designed ones are dispensed with. Sadly, this just isn't true. There are twelve levels, full stop. Some people claim that one or two levels might be partly random but one of those is a ""darkness"" level, where you can only see a short distance from your character, so it's difficult to tell because most of the screen is just black. And if it's difficult to tell, it might as well not be random. If it is, which I doubt.At present you can't change the key bindings if you don't have or like the gamepad. And since the best control scheme is ""WAXD"" and not, as the world seems to incorrectly believe, ""WASD"", that's a real pain. Maybe I just have unnaturally short thumbs.Final gripe: un-sodding-skippable chuffing cut scenes! The final level (that's number twelve, in case you missed the ""short"" comments above) is, not surprisingly, a boss battle. You're gonna die. Lots. And every time you do, you have to sit through the same. God-damn. Cutscene. It's not a five-second intro either, we're talking the best part of a minute to cool your heels after narrowly being smooshed in mid-lunge towards the food. I went postal on the gamepad after the first half-dozen times and after that, the monologuing wizard went silent in all later replays. Maybe he was embarrassed. He still acted the part out though. In full. Every time.Do I recommend it? Yes - it looks good, controls well (with a gamepad at least), and most importantly of all it recaptures the feel of the original. It desperately needs more places to explore though, at least as randomly-generated maps. Much better would be a Steam Workshop tie-in.Gauntlet needs level editor. Badly."
76561198038846582,Recommended,258970,12252712,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,PaleFlyer,"This game is a great mixture of Diablo 3 (post major fix...) and Gauntlet Dark Legacy.  Well worth getting, even if you don't have anyone to play with, PLUS!  It supports local, so you don't have to have a PC for every player to play together!"
76561197993437321,Recommended,258970,12253510,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Carm3D,"This is great arcadey fun!  Especially online.  Granted, I'm not very good at it..  But it's great arcadey fun!"
,Recommended,258970,12216626,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Severd_Nerv,"After having a quick play i can certaily say this game was worth the wait and deff value for money.Gameplay is gr8, graphics are absolutly fine.Gr8 Job Guys =D"
76561198070413486,Recommended,258970,12219343,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,RonEmpire,"Score:  8 / 10Fun game overall.    Nice Dungeon crawler experience.   I like the sound of the potion and the music of the game. Has the Gauntlet vibe.  Killing stuff and picking up powerups potions,keys,gold, food like an arcarde game.My complaints:#1   NO KEYBINDING.   If you choose keyboard mode, you're forced to their control scheme.   Some of the characters the default is okay.   But the defensive action button being Left keyboard shift key is just awful.  My left hand pinky finger is just not reactive/responsive enough to reach that far and press it.   (small hands).The worst is the Wizard.   ""Wizard NEEDS keybinding badly!""  - The wizard basically has a bunch of spells that require you to do key/mouse button combinations.    And the combinations are very difficult to do and often times conflict.   They should have allowed these to be just number keys that conjure the spells.  Or at the very least  allow for 'secondary key' bindings like left mouse button = 1 key.  right mouse buntton = 2 key.   shift key = 3 key.   So we can press the numbers to create the combos.I have not tried controller pad mode.  But there are no options in the settings to go back to choosing which input controls.  You get presented keyboard or controller.    Choose wisely!   (otherwise, you might have to muck with deleting external files or delete game and reinstall).#2  LOCKED CURSOR to game window bug.Playing the game on windowed mode, has some major buggy cursor issues.    When I want to 'alt tab' away from the game window as my focus.  The cursor STILL locks me into the square window bounding box.  Even when I trying to do things from other windows.   For example, trying to use my web browser it won't let me move my mouse freely in my web browser but locks me into an area of the browser.     Needless to say, if you need to do something alt tabbed in another window or your desktop you have to quit the game.    Can't even move the game window.   So if the game launched and you had it moved to the far left or the right of the monitor.   You can't move it back to the center.#3 No Endless Dungeon mode.The game basically plays like Diablo 3 - Greater Rifts.  You go through one of the 12 doors from the game hub.  Which is basically the same as a ""Town"" with a ""Vendor"".       Each of the 12 doors has only 4 maps(aka levels).    So go through 1 door, you are presented with a map can be maze like with rooms like zelda 1 underground dungeon. or can be a single room with just waves of monsters. or a single boss room.   This really doesn't play much like the old gauntlet game at all. Adding in these jumping square platforms.The players health does NOT decrease like the old school version, where you have that urgency to find food or finish the map to go to the next map.    Instead it has a death guy chasing after you on some of the maps. Which is not too bad.  But just FYI, incase people were wondering if the health decreases or not.Finishing a door, takes you back to the ""hub"" or ""town"".   Which is similar to Diablo 3.  You finish a Rift, that door is done. You can go back if you want.    So it's the same as diablo. repeating the levels.What I do like:The vendor sells you only 4 items (relics) and you can upgrade them  and use only 2 out of the 4.    Which I like the feature.  Since it lets you decide which of the 2 to use for strategies.   And he sells you cosmetic items (like Diablo transmog).I hope the fix the 3 complaints.   So I'd give this game a 6/10."
,Recommended,258970,12224055,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Volfie,+ Faithful to the series+ Some randomizaed generation+ Dynamic design and enviroments+ Updated and fun to play charaters+ Incredible fun with friends+ You get to chop through hordes of enemies+ Watch your friends suffer because you shot the last Food (HP refill)
76561198050679163,Recommended,258970,12228577,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ObsidianDragon,"Zoidberg said it best. ""More... More! MORE... MORE!!!!"""
76561198070559947,Recommended,258970,12240471,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ToiletBewbs,"What can i say? I've played them all, and always loved them!"
,Recommended,258970,12240946,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,╬BrummbäR╬,Damn good old fun!
,Recommended,258970,30339320,Posted: 5 March,all,Jay,"A really enjoyable Diablo like game. It's full of action, rewards, and challenge. I've only played single player but can tell this will be a great multiplayer co-op. It's the kind of novelty game you'd expect a small developer to make but instead by a big dev. The graphics and perspective in game is pretty awesome. It plays great and you should totally get this game. I just now broke past 2hrs of game play and I'm still enjoying it. It's the nice simplicity of it all that I appreciate the most. It's a well thought out game and is defnitely worth a play. I played one multiplayer game since I posted this review and it was exactally what I thought it would be. This is a very good game and perhaps under appreciated. Truly a rare gem in the dungeon strategic action world.. or whatever you want to call it. It's really fun!"
,Recommended,258970,12221808,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,mmm!5NATCH,"Since its debut in Arcades in 1985, The four player co-op hack and slash has returned to HD screens of today!Gauntlet has been considered to be one of the very first dungeon crawler games.So you can expect this game to maintain that style of play, swarms of medival monsters surrounding you and your friends while you either chop them up with an axe, fire arrows from a distance or use spectaclar magic to blast them away. but has Gauntlet changed since we last played it? or is still the same and just been given a HD recycle and reboot?The game can be enjoyed from Single player to Four.  local (couch co-op) with all players on screen on your pc or you can play online with some random players. If you and a friend want to play local and join online with others, you can.For people who havent bought this game and arent sure about the controllers. here's a brief low down.it'll be important to consider checking the steam forums first to see if your USB controller is supported. It would be reommended to play this game with a controller however if you don't have one, you can still you the keyboard and mouse. Using the keyboard and mouse will only count as 1 player.  so If you and a friend want to play together on the one screen someone will need a USB controller.with that out of the way, The four classes to choose from.Warrior, Valkyre, Wizard and Elf. With no introduction needed, The Warrior is your staple hack and slash champion. He will fearlessly surround himself with numbers of enemies and have them all decaptiated within seconds. While he has brutal power and strength, he does not have any ranged abilites and even when under attack by swarms enemies, he'll still need some cover from behind every now and then. He's trademark spell is a spin attack.Valkyre seems to be a mix of warrior and speed. She has a broadsword and sheild which helps her be a very balanced fighter in the game. She can hold her own in melee and has some limited range when she throws her shield much like Captain America of the Marvel Comics. Her most useful feature could be that ability or the fact that she is the only character in the game who can block off attacks and push back enemies.The Wizard could be the hardest class to use in the game but also be very useful to all parties. He is able to cast up to nine different spells but will need to hit 2 buttons in a pattern before performing them. He's fragile and needs to stay away from combat but the variety of magic spells, and the correct timing is critical when the team is overwelmed by minions. He wont be a favourite for many because of how he played, but he will definately well appericated by all.The Elf is a fully ranged unit and very fast. With an unlimited supply of arrows, He will fire endlessly in any direction you wish, He has dodge feature which will save you sometimes. Has a sniper shot which needs aimming that does a little more damage than the average arrow and can drop a bomb on unsuspected creatures should they get too close.Whatever your style of play is, one of these characters will be suited for it, However. It may be a little disapointing but there can only be one of each class for a team. So if you and a friend want to be the same class. It can't happen. Also, colours cannot change and names of the characters will stick too.The core gameplay of Gauntlet remains.Enter a dungeon, Monsters attack you, Sometimes theres a generator that keeps pumping them out. If you can take that out, they stop getting spawned. Along the way you collect loot, buy new gear, if you get hurt, Eat food. Get to the end of the level. Rinse, Repeat.It's downfall would be its taken away the many unlockable characters from previous games, items and bonus rooms all together and while potions are still available to use, they're not longer like the 'grenade style' games instead they act as fuel for your relics power.But ultimately, Its a very short game, and only Three dungeons, This comes as a shock to even the most veteran of players because this just isn't what Gauntlet would be remembered before, Because of this it would have to be the shortest Gauntlet game in the entire series and would only get its replay value from grinding on harder difficulties.However, Gauntlet replicates arcade action. Theres no time for any depth to the story (There is a story but I dont really care) but usually these kind of arcade games you dont need to worry about that. It's appeal will come from  getting in it there and being under pressure from numbers of enemies swaming to you in a corner and doing everything you can to stay alive. It would most likely appeal to that retro gamer who has strangely got some unique desire for being treated to unfair difficutly from the AI. and by the way here's a heads up. This is NOT an easy game and It may have you easily frustrated and annoyed but when you over come a large mob of critters. You get that lovely sense of relief and you feel pretty damn good.As you travel throught different areas you will be collecting money to spend at the shop. Unfortunately Im jotting this down as a negative part of the game. Collecting money is great, sure, but whats the point? The shop is limited and there is only two sections to shop with. Relics and clothing. At this point of time, I can say the clothing is cosmetic and has no benefit for your characters. And I feel that dressing them up in this gear is a tad pointless when you're mainly looking at your character from a birds eye view and far away anyway. Unless your clothing is used to show off to others you have achieved something, because while clothing is not only expensive for your character, It's also only available to you for purchase when you have beaten certain levels on a difficutly setting.The relics however are useful, and you can eqiupt two on a single character at the same time, These relics may be like a freezing smart bomb, turn a monster into food or even give you faster attack speed for a limited time. They can be upgraded as well a few times but thats it really. Apart from these options money doesnt serve any other purpose in the game. There's no extra items to carry or leveling up abilities. that's all changed over to the in game achievements.The more you play the better. Each of your classes will benefit from numerous dungeon crawls and even when you die!the ingame achievement system will let you unlock some slightly different perks which may assist you in later levels and possibly harder difficulties, but you wont be able to max things out to a ridiciolous number but you'll need to kill many many baddies if you want to reach these achievements!Backgrounds and enviroments are well detailed. You can have some fun destroying the props near by for a chance at loot and whenever you end a skirmish, You'll be left with fire marks on the ground, broken and barrles and even blood from enemies killed remain stained on the ground. While it helps the enviroment to look this way, It can be a little bit dull, but given the game's tone of dusty hallways, creepy caves and firey pits. It make sense for it to look this way.I recommend this game for the fact that its challenging and it's a bit more action orientated than some hack and slashers. It doesnt have the depth weapon system and spells as Diablo nor the RPG elements of putting certain points to stats. It's a get your weapon, dive in with a friend and slaughter all those that wanna kill you. The shop could go with some improvement but either way, The repeat value may come from grinding to get those acheivements so you can get those perks, or just enjoyment of pitting yourself in the hardest difficutly and seeing if you can actually survive (doubt it). Maybe you and a bunch of friends wanna do one of those classic all nighters and see how far you can get? whatever it may be. Gauntlet will definately still provide some good fun for all"
76561198084630891,Recommended,258970,12229275,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Hoplite Six,"Grab your CLearly Canadians and your Bubble Tape, this retro classic lives...except now we can drink beer!+ Faithful to series+ Excellent teamplay+ Worth the admission price______- No in-game chat/text- Potions are limited- Characters not customizable"
76561198147074614,Recommended,258970,12237787,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Bath,A lot of great fun.  I highly recommend the game.
76561198135285089,Recommended,258970,12252835,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rue,"[Reviewed on 9/26/14]Gauntlet - the remake of the original 1985 arcade game of the same name.  I imagine most people who grew up in the 80s knew of it quite well.  The age where arcades were still thriving business ventures and kids would come home from school and spend the afternoon sinking token after token into their favorite machines.  Gauntlet was one of those favorite machines for many.  So, the real question is ""How does this version stack up?""  Quite well, in my opinion.  The core gameplay is all there.  Despite being a largely cooperative venture, the game still allows for some of your favorite griefing tactics that were ever-so-present in the original.  You can shoot the food and steal other players' gold and you still have the four-player co-op in the form of the Elf, Wizard, Valkyrie, and the Warrior.  The controls are as simple as the original's were.  You've got your movement keys (or sticks, if you're using a gamepad), your basic and strong attacks, a special evasion/speed move, and a special attack.  The game feels fluid.  Everything from the combat and movement, to the seemless transition from room-to-room when you're crawling through the dungeons with your buddies.  The game does allow for solo play, if the player so wishes, but Gauntlet, at its core, is meant to be a cooperative experience.In that regard, I recommend you find friends to play with, as here comes the negative bit of the review.For one, there is no built-in communication function in this game.  At all.  No text chat; no voice chat - nothing.  This essentially means that if you and your teammates happen to be getting slaughtered over and over again, there is literally no way for you to attempt to coordinate a strategy.  You will be forced to befriend the individuals on your team, and start communicating through Steam's chat function if you are playing with randoms.  Playing with already established friends can help you sidestep this issue.  The game's difficulty does scale depending on the number of people you're playing with.  Which means that if you're playing with some particularly unskilled individuals, your experience may be arguably harder than simply playing by yourself.  This makes the inability to communicate your thoughts even more frustrating.  Additionally, for whatever reason, the game, which is not especially graphically demanding, seems to heat up my Radeon 7970 much higher than most games.  I'm not the only one to experience this, but turning on v-sync in the game itself and using Afterburner helped mitigate issues.  The only other complaint I have about the game is the fact that keymapping is currently an impossibility.  Sure, the game only has a few controls, but it's a PC-exclusive title and a standard feature amongst PC games was left completely absent (even after two patches at this point).  Regardless, the game is still a ton of fun.  It's addictive.  Hack & slash style gameplay with a stylistic art direction coupled with the ability to get a HUGE challenge from playing the game on its hardest difficulty is what is going to keep you coming back.  The game itself is relatively short.  It only has 12 levels.  Three stages, with four dungeons in each.  Each dungeon has three stages in itself, but it you can't start each dungeon from a checkpoint.  You always start it at the very beginning, unless you die.  In which case, you simply respawn at the beginning of the stage in which you died.There are bosses at the end of every one of the three sections.  At least two of them will provide you with a significant challenge.  Beyond that, you also have the ability to change your character's appearance with purely cosmetic items.  These items are purchased by a vendor in the hub area with the gold you acquire in the game itself.  Worry not, there are NO microtransactions in the game.  And, as I said, the items you purchase offer only cosmetic incentives.  The game also features a pseudo-leveling system.  In actuality, as you play the game and complete certain challenges - covering everything from destroying props and taking damage, to killing monsters and eating food - your character increases in ability.  He/she will get stronger and faster and luckier (in regards to finding gold) as you continue to play the game.  And then are the potions.  Potions are used to allow you to activate your abilities granted to you by items called 'relics' that you can buy from the vendor.  They offer you the chance to do things like freeze your enemies in place, heal yourself, or even turn your enemies into turkeys.  It's a good bit of fun, and they are certainly game-changers and life-savers on the harder difficulties.Altogether, Gauntlet is an awesome game.  It's just plain fun.  It's accessible, but it still offers a steep challenge to those looking for it.  If you like the original, I can't guarantee that you'll like this one, but I would be more than willing to imagine that you would.  For a $20 game that has dedicated developers already looking to improve the areas in which it's lacking (evidenced by two patches in a one-day span of time), and is a product that is already very well put together, I have to recommend the game to anyone who enjoyed the original, likes dungeons crawlers, or is just looking for a game that will give them simple enjoyment.  If I had to attach a numerical rating to the game, I would give it a solid 8/10."
76561197966843351,Recommended,258970,12253804,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Dj Curley,"Fun game, and perfect for the casual gamer to get their fix. If you played the original, then this is a total winner. If you never did, it's a great game for the price."
76561197964866568,Recommended,258970,12264064,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"Gauntlet returns in glory, bringing in a lot of co-op fun.You play as either Elf, Wizard, Warrior or Valkyria.Elf - a constant barrage of ranged damage, special skill is a bomb that does AoE damage.Warrior - Warrior flies on a magic carpet, with a sniper rifle and rocket launcher as a special skill.No. Warrior hacks and slashes. What did you expect? His special is even more hacking and slashing.Valkyria - Less offensive than warrior, seconadary attack is actually a shield block instead, special allows for a more flexible attack.Wizard - Has a lot of different spells, so it kind of feels like few classes cramed into one. Has supportive spells, variety of offensive spells from long range, medium or close. Is is the most difficult class, but overall can be most usefull as well.Game only offers 12 stages of varying length (3 of those are boss battles, that are rather short). You can play those on Easy, Medium, Hard and Very Hard modes. Those were balanced quite well. I mean, hard IS hard.The difficulty raises with more players present. Playing alone can quickly get boring, but playing with a team of 4 randoms usually turns into frantic running.For me it feels the best to play with 4 players that you know or 2 when joining/hosting randomly - that way it is easy to coordinate and share stuff between players, even without any form of communication inside the game.You can unlock a variety of items and upgrade them up to 3 levels. They give additional skills (up to 2 at a time) but those need potion pickups to be used. In 4 player team, that will be quite rare.The game can be finished in 3-4 hours, but it is meant to be replayed a lot.Overall, it can get boring over time, unless more areas (DLCs?) arrive.7.5/10 would be my score. Not saying the game is bad, it just feels small... In size, vision, length. Otherwise it delivers a lot of fun and I can recommend it. Old school to the bone :)"
,Recommended,258970,12281472,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,GrymKreaper,Great quick co-op fun. Not a bad way to spend $20.
76561198048879180,Recommended,258970,12224923,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,MOGLAR,"A challenging new take on a classic game. New features, cool art, good level design and several difficulties will have you playing over and over again. A little heavy on the performance side with little room for graphics customization so if you have an outdated rig, you may have quite a bit of trouble. Multiplayer is key in this action rpg so grab the four pack and a handful of friends if you can! Certainly recommended for new players, veterans, and just fans in general."
,Recommended,258970,12227051,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,OliverQueen,"Let me first start off with a quick pointer to those of you who have an issue with this game starting in the taskbar and not being able to open the window: You need to go into your Steam folder, then steamapps, then common folder. Locate the Gauntlet Folder and open it. Go into the Contents folder and locate the settings. Open with a text editor (Wordpad is fine) look for the line that says Fullscreen = False, and change that to Fullscreen = True. Save and exit the editor. If it still gives you problems, hit Alt-Tab. That's what worked for me.Despite the above inconveniece. I am really enjoying the game. I chose to play as the Valkyire, and she is a blast to play. In the beginning, you'll get to try each class before the game actually starts. Wizard is very interesting actually, but will be the hardest class to play as. I wouldn't recommend that anyone use him for single player. The Warrior is the most well rounded character, the Valkyrie is the defensive character, and has some of the best abilities in the game, and the Elf is a very fast range character, but his attacks are very weak.Each class has their own special abilities. Warrior can spin attack and rush, Valkyrie can charge thrust and block with her shield as well as throw it, Elf can use his bombs and roll abillity, and the wizard can mix elements for various spells. Added to these abilities are relics which you can buy between levels, which consist of three floors. The relic uses are limited to the amount of potions you have. Think of the potions as MP, they are NOT health.Level design is okay. I don't expect anything special from dungeon crawlers since the main action here is hack and slash. It does seem like you see a lot of the same things in the ""procedurely generated"" levels. You have to get through those levels quickly though, so you may not notice it right away. I started noticing it on the second floor.I like the retro sounds for picking up the items like potions and keys. It's a great throwback to the original arcade game. Other than that, there's not much talk about in terms of music or sound. Everything is pretty generic there. The graphics are not bad for the type of game this is, but they're not stellar.Multiplayer is great, and this allows for local co-op which is a rarity these days. I'd really recommend that you play with friends though; it's sometimes hard to get a group due to players dropping out in the lobby. This is likely because only one person can play each class.  If you can find a group, it's a blast.It's not for everyone, but Gauntlet is a fun dungeon crawler to be enjoyed either way you play; with friends or by yourself, but the real fun comes in when you have 3 other people to play with.DON'T SHOOT THE FOOD! I'm looking at you QUESTOR, THE ELF!"
76561197971021390,Recommended,258970,12231668,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,JoPOWz,"Very enjoyable playing experience. Team up with your friends and ramp up the difficulty until the food is solid gold (and not very tasty) or take it slowly by yourself or with others.The items are great (though there aren't a whole lot of them), the play is fast paced and the boss fights are fun.My only criticism (other than the limited item choice) would be the already-hacked scoreboards that make your end-game ""leaderboard bar"" not fill even a single pixel. Perhaps it could be better to set that bar size to be a fixed amount, so casual players get the joy of filling it more and more, and the hardcore players get the satisfaction of exploding their score off the top?TL;DR Stop reading reviews and watching playthroughs, just buy it!"
76561198014326158,Recommended,258970,12246545,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Vyvjala,Great game. The controls are smooth and polished and I enjoy how the developers kept true to the original Gauntlet. There are quite a few similarities and even more improvements. This is a fun game and well worth the money. The RPG elements of each character add new depth and help drive you to play the levels again and again. This is a great action game and very fun to play with friends or strangers.
,Not Recommended,258970,12334540,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Get a Cleu,"I purchased this game with the fond memories of Gauntlet Legacy, my all-time favorite arcade game that would suck away my quarters to no end. The game I got has the bare bones of the old Gauntlet Legacy game, there are indeed spawning structures that must be destroyed and and endless spawning of minions until they are destroyed... but something is lost in this reiteration of the game. There are a couple of things different that change the game drastically that I think one should know before purcashing this game.1. The levels are rather small and lacking in the same grandour that the levels in GL used to produce. In addition after playing for a couple of hours all the levels start to blend together until it's more like having 3 stages your run through repeatedly. Even though each stage has 3 areas they all follow a similar kind of routine. The areas you run through go in this order- you run around a smallish map,  you run through a narrow map that has similarish rooms, you fight in one big room an annoyingly large amount of monsters; honestly it gets boring after a while.2. Killing the spawning buildings. These buildings are massive tanks that can tank dozens of hits from any class. In GL the buildings weren't absolute tanks and the monsters weakened the futher the buildings were destroyed. This is NOT the case in this one, this leads to monsters becoming a huge annoyance. As I found myself playing wizard in unfair mode I found it a simple matter of flame jumping onto the building, using forceshield, icebeam in a rinse and repeat measure was a simple way of taking down buildings in the hardest difficulty!!! This means to me that the way they have buildings is just a way to inflate the amount of time spent trying to clear a level to make up for a lack of map size.3. The next thing I miss from GL is the boss fights. The boss fights in this current rendition of the game are long, tedious,  and relatively easy. The final boss is a little tricky but even then isn't that hard to a new player as long as they know how to control their characters by doing the basic tutorial where the game does an excellent job of explaining some of the more complex aspects.As I see it, this game is just the newest rendition of the games that use the title of Gauntlet, however I shalls till miss seeing the gold coins and pile of bones when I complete a level, of being able to go super size, or to tri-shot with archer. Honestly this game is okay with the little nuances they have added, but for it to truely be the Gauntlet I yearn for then""I REQUIRE MORE SUSTENANCE!"""
76561198008675198,Not Recommended,258970,13821247,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DawnKey Schlong,"Well I finished the game in less than 6 hours. It was fun but lacks content. The content that was there was very short, very repetitive, and always a mirrior image of a previous ""Floor"". I really hope for the players bases sake that more content is released. For the sake of value until more content is released just save your money and go drink some cold beer."
76561197985586617,Recommended,258970,12420632,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MadBalls,"A superb game, nice graphics, nice sounds, nice game... Choose your Hero and kick some♥♥♥♥♥ You really get your moneys worth!"
76561198028073461,Recommended,258970,18084477,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Poison_Pilot,Excellent Shoot'em up game ona Saturday Night with the Band of Brothers!
76561198030751248,Not Recommended,258970,13193978,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,pacati,ugh
,Not Recommended,258970,16415813,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MR.BLUE,toshort
,Not Recommended,258970,12301401,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MAMEiac,"Though I was very excited about the game I have to say that on a variety of levels it is sadly a disappointment. Play is generally pretty flat, single-player is mostly unengaging, multi-player is often more frustrating than exciting, and there simply isn't enough variation in play to make it compelling. Perhaps it is unfair to expect it to have more in common with Diablo but when it is flat even compared to clones a mere modern version of the arcade classic lacks depth or interest. I'd even say console titles like Dark Legacy were probably more engaging, just something is missing, perhaps patches or something will make it work better."
76561198008865827,Recommended,258970,12338450,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Grail,"A fun, light hearted hack'n'slash romp through monster filled dungeons.  Hearkens to Baldur's Gate as well as original Gauntlet.  Only real issue is lack of in-game chat options, but these are easily dealt with via other chat options.  Thoroughly entertaining."
76561198092146018,Recommended,258970,23983061,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nemegon,Overall view great game:Pros:Sticks to its retro roots welloffers fun jump in and out game playfun game to just pick up and play when everfun loot systemcons:might be considered slightly dated for some gamerslack of COD style gunsRecomendation: buy this gamefor casual fun with mates or by self
76561198008601360,Recommended,258970,23897651,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Solosite,"Love the game, wish it was my maze like with more keys it feels to linear take me back to the original gauntlet style! Still a fun game tho."
76561198025149704,Recommended,258970,18159210,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,rservello,"Awesome update to a classic.  All the original action is there, all the original enemies.  It's really nice to see a classic game so respectfully updated to modern standards."
76561197973654845,Not Recommended,258970,13179286,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,artproject,boring
76561198008382577,Recommended,258970,18847933,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,2ddixon,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
76561198019226761,Not Recommended,258970,25644980,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Alkemist,"So disapppointed in this game~omg!! I've played every Gauntlet ever existed and I just can't believe they didn't make it an RPG. WTF is the point of grinding and items don't even make u stronger, just different skills while u grind ever wave the same fkn way trying to earn coin to buy the next useless item or decor that do fk all to boost your stats or skills. So many elements missing ESPECIALLY the Storyline!! So low budget and weak characters so god damn boring FK Im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,258970,12651963,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Stoon,"I would like to recommend this game but in its state right now, I can't recomment it... Local Play on one computer you would think you can... You can't.... You would think since it can use controllers you can just plug and play... Nope... can only use Microsoft Xbox or Microsoft usb controllers.... and still can't play Local 4 player on one computer... You and your friends would have to buy the game... how is that local co-op because in my book it isn't. Untill I can use my 4 remotes on this and play local 4 player with my family, don't buy this game.... Save your money or torrent it for local co-op... Wish I did before paying a cent for it.."
76561198074461797,Recommended,258970,13632366,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Vonstyne,"Verdict: 7 / 10The 1980’s Gauntlet characters return in this new era of gaming: Thor the warrior, Thyra the valkyrie, Merlin the wizard and Questor the elf. Each one having their own progression called masteries. As you chop down, skewering, obliterating or sniping foes, the character becomes stronger overtime, even awarded in death too! Relics, a new feature, activated by potions, have different effects on oneself or enemies. Having it on the right the character can make all the difference in heat of battle. The voice acting is a neat touch and nicely done for the characters to feel more lively, especially Questor’s having a Scottish accent.Unfortunately, the biggest letdown of the game is the length… it’s short. Finished roughly about five hours on the second hardest difficulty. After completing the game, the repetitiveness is harsh because you’ll be playing the same dungeons again, again and again. At that point, you’ll be increasing the character’s masteries. Still, it declines interest and the replay value quite fast.The developers no less stuck true to the 1980’s Gauntlet feel. With its amount of content and shortness of the game, it’s going to be hard to love the game. I still recommend the game if your looking for some good old hack ‘n’ slash cooperative fun.And remember… don’t destroy the food."
,Recommended,258970,30946975,Posted: 4 April,all,Tronic,"Death is back, again."
,Recommended,258970,26569711,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dread Pirate,"good fun game, controllers a must but for a casual bit of ""retro"" gaming this is great"
,Recommended,258970,18448095,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,"Mr. Mundy, The Sniper","Reminds me so much of Gauntlet Legends N64. The one downside is the boring narrator :( I do miss the ""Food is good"" but hey, its fun.I would also have to say I felt like like the story wasn't very long and I found myself going back to try and find something to do. I wonder if they could get the old story and apply it to this game. If that happened, I would easily give it an 11/10"
76561197999929298,Recommended,258970,18347066,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,paulwilson77,Awesome game for quick gratification by killing lots of stuff.
76561197966131246,Recommended,258970,18388899,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,rag,"When it was on sale, the BEST $5 dollars I have spent. If the idea of an arcade style beat em up Diablo seems fun, then this game is for you. My buddy and I have spent hours with different character combos. I recommend it if you see it on sale again. Very fun game."
76561198137878939,Recommended,258970,18629081,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,CherryDoodle,.
,Recommended,258970,18647701,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,labuchness093,"Gauntlet is a game where you just want to kill hordes of monsters. And it does a beautiful job. It is like art work when endless numbers of enemies throw themselves at you and you can just dominate each one. This game is best played with friends. Otherwise, it can easily become repetitive. 7/10. A classic dungeon crawler with a variety of characters. But it slightly becomes old after 50+hrs."
76561198014825659,Recommended,258970,18686803,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,5ten,awesome
76561198002632206,Not Recommended,258970,18228500,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,morsee,The camera for the game is absolutely awful.
,Not Recommended,258970,17353914,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,fraterormus,"WTF? Is this game someone's idea of a sick joke? Once again someone had to take a dumpload on one of my childhood icons!It's not even a fun game. People make Diablo comparisons but Diablo (and Diablo II) were at least fun (and had a plot too). TBH, playing this game Solo it is far harder than it should be due to procedurally generated dungeons creating choke-points and unstobbable, unkillable Death chasing you from behind causing you to die between a rock and a hardplace and have to start the Tier all over again. Might be more fun with 3 other people if you could find 3 people in Multiplayer. Eventually you give up on GauntletTM because you are always playing by yourself and not having fun to speak of and realize that if you were at least spanking the monkey you'd still be playing by yourself but at least you'd finally be having some fun.10/10 would spank monkey again rather than play this drek."
76561198087485629,Not Recommended,258970,24380961,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lewt Hoar,"Mechanics aren't as deep as I expected. Kind of disappointing, even though it was bought on sale."
,Not Recommended,258970,17260914,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Svartsjö,"contains none of the fun, charm, (or even classes) from the N64/PS2 versions that I remember fondly and loveI keep trying to give this game a go, to no availI think it might be better with 1-3 friends?In any case: this is not the Gauntlet game you are looking for"
76561198044945862,Not Recommended,258970,17210776,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ErectionInstructions,"I would like a refund for this game. It does not play or feel like the old game, but that aside,  it's not even fun. The characters attacks are very limited and boring. You get some sort of currency but it can only be spent on one thing and the levels are so linear you basically must wait until a certain point to get the meager upgrades from the store. I will probably never even touch this game again adn I'm going to try and permanently hide it from my view. Refund please."
76561198028750871,Not Recommended,258970,24087674,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Iceweazel,"When a game isn't even NEARLY as good as the original, nor the late 1990s console ports to 32 bit machines, what can you really say about it?   Sucks?   Waste of money?Unless you get this at a massive discount (75% off or more) don't waste your time.   Poor mechanics, awful camera and a really poor control schema on keyboard make for an altogether ho-hum experience.Should be re-named ""Kiting for fun and profit"" because really that's the only mechanic worth anything.For groups, Forced seems better."
76561198063120601,Not Recommended,258970,17240642,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Squirting Elephant,"I was a fan of ""Gauntlet Legends"". But this remake... It MAY just be okay to play with 2-3 friends but otherwise I couldn't find anything positive about it. Also still no randomly generated maps. It's short, simplistic and extremely repetitive.Even the voice is bad. I miss that iconic epic voice from it's predecessor.Bought it with massive discount, still had it refunded."
76561197989933175,Recommended,258970,24147821,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FUDGE NUTS,warrior needs food badly MOOOORE FOOOR THOOR!!!!
,Not Recommended,258970,26105855,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ruby,"Huge fan of Gauntlet Legends and Gauntlet Dark Legacy. That being said, this game is nothing like the two and I was hugely dissapointed. If you're a fan of either of those two games, this one is just a let down and waste of money."
76561198009679229,Recommended,258970,24114626,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Huggybear,"On balance I would recommend Gauntlet but ONLY at the (frequently repeated) 75% off discount level. Unless you have friends to co-op with the gameplay (which is just as much fun as the arcade original) just does not have the depth to give extended longevity. That said, the fast-paced action is frantically enjoyable (more so in short bursts) and shooting food is still as facepalmingly annoying as it ever was."
,Recommended,258970,13650499,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Neolog,"Excellent game for local coop. Me and my wife playing every evening for a couple of weeks, and so far it's interesting and exciting. Reminds me a little bit of my childhood sega experience. What I wish now is more levels and more enemies, because it's not so interesting to play the same levels over and over again."
,Not Recommended,258970,20287673,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hot Stuff in the Sky,"Expected something like Dark Legacy. Spent tons of money on it in the arcade while my dad was in his bowling league. Then when it came out on Gamecube, I was ecstatic. This game crushed me."
,Not Recommended,258970,20332703,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ToyJazzer,"I was really excited for this game. Going by the forums, there's probably a 40% chance it won't work on your computer (seems to be more for laptops) and it's never going to be fixed (development has stopped and this game is now Humble Bundle level shovelware)"
76561198001606112,Not Recommended,258970,20313709,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kaiser Redflame,"In the end, if you liked the game of old and want to get a similar experience, go ahead.Sadly, this game is marred by pointless microtransactions, and is in essence not able to hold the charm of the original series in the same capacity. It's multiplayer was of limited joy after three sessions, and held little hope in my eyes in redeeming itself.The biggest issue however is that development on this game has stopped entirely, meaning any issues are issues forever now."
,Not Recommended,258970,18007996,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Beelzebud,Horribly short. Awful gameplay. HATED IT.
,Recommended,258970,17017669,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hymen Cholo,its an ok game.
,Recommended,258970,19432943,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,YouTube/Kire667,"Definitely worth it if you were a fan of any previous Gauntlet games. Even Hammerwatch makes reference to the first Gauntlet in a bonus level of their game.Unlock artifacts and armor as you battle swarms of underworld minions. Detroy spawners or they will overrun you until you die. Every stage has an end boss to battle. The wizard spell casting system is unlike anything I've seen to date. Something simple as a combination of 3 buttons can choose between some like 30 different spells all based around fire, ice, and lightning.Looking forward to buying the Necromancer DLC so I can test that out and see how well she plays."
76561197990080937,Not Recommended,258970,23899497,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,A Phooph!,"Alright.. so we start off terribly by the game having insanely loud crackling audio problems, then I restart it only to get hit by a slow clunky menu when the audio fixes itself, then I discover the game is unplayably laggy when I hop in to a game. Checked out my PC, nothing is wrong with it, not having any problems otherwise (a PC which runs higher taxing games effortlessly, btw), only to find out that it is in fact something wrong with the game itself.I've never done a 6 minute refund before, but it's happening. I really, really wanted to try out this game because I'm a HUGE fan of the old Gauntlet games (Dark Legacy, mm), but this right here is unplayable. I don't understand how others are having no difficulty, but I got hit with every problem you could think of before I even got in to a game. Hopefully they fix this ridiculously buggy crap.."
76561198007665953,Not Recommended,258970,19593331,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,叶修,Save money buy N64 play gauntlet Legends
76561198146795771,Recommended,258970,23714760,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Symes,Game was dope. But a little repetative.
76561198049500410,Recommended,258970,23085949,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,elfraiders,"a good old game,   i mean you cant loose,  what are you waiting for.  just buy it and see."
76561198047243344,Recommended,258970,29735290,Posted: 5 February,all,reedchiropractic,Awesome
76561198015764344,Recommended,258970,29936490,Posted: 14 February,all,Ѵ∈ǤɅ oƒ Ʌ∈ǤIS,Good Game for what it is
,Recommended,258970,16899979,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Percy Prolapse Squid Licker,"IT'S GAUNTLET! this title needs no introduction to the generation that grew up with the N64 and PS1No, it's not a remake of that game, but something fresh and brilliant that retains everything that was great about the gauntlet I remember"
,Recommended,258970,20681111,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,yourjaguarlover,Ive played this plentyBut it's very hard / grindy to get achievements in this gameG-UURRRR-IINDYY!
,Not Recommended,258970,18790676,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,jonnyXx,"I was disappointed by this game. I was expecting a fun hack n' slash local co-op game to play with a friend but the truth is that this game is just plain boring. Everything about it, the combat, the levels, the enemies, the abilities and the gear is very plain, uninteresting and dull. I never tried it with 4 players so maybe that's where the fun is and why most people seem to enjoy this game, but as a two-player experience it's no fun."
,Recommended,258970,20794553,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,[DTO] NightstalkerOS,Great game to play alone or with a group of friends. If you like the old game for the console you will not be dissapointed!
76561198036891625,Recommended,258970,20704419,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,68guns,"Awesome dungeon hacker which really comes alive with friends. Characters play quite differently and gameplay can get quite complex, allowing real mastery of a character with enough practice. Visuals are smooth and pretty, with relatively low system requirements."
,Recommended,258970,20681506,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Shadow Vu <3 MLS,Fun game! Highly recommand.
76561197997082784,Recommended,258970,20775689,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,❀✾❁Pyrus❁✾❀,"can definetly recommend this game for anyone who likes RPG. lots of loot and maps to complete. Really good CO-UP games best played with 4 people though. Could use more classes, but u can buy dlc to get a few extra."
,Recommended,258970,20749782,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,>f7> freeb1rd,"Solid game with some very well polished controls and gameplay. It's hard to find good local Co-op games now that I can play with my wife and daughter (age 9), this fit the bill perfectly."
76561198120728559,Recommended,258970,26059794,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,communism man,its good
76561198131517133,Recommended,258970,17584209,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,CombatRaptor,"Want a challenge? Want to hack monsters to death? Want dungeon crawling madness? This is for you. I am a big gauntlet series fan. I've enjoyed it very much, especially after the update."
76561198065560355,Recommended,258970,17592867,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,liquidgerg,"I love this game, even more so now that the 'Slayer Edition' is out. It's a great way to spend a night with friends online or local with freinds or family. If you love hack and slash, this is the game for you. The upgrades to the 'Slayer Edition' allow you to really customize your play style. The only down side is that the camera as of the last patch still needs work. The prior version of the game had a better setup for the camera, but I'm sure they'll get that fixed up soon.Swarmed by skeletons, and would be swarmed again.9/10 (10/10 once the camera issues are fixed)"
,Not Recommended,258970,14581769,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Respecugnize,"I imagine this game was designed by people who grew up failing in the original game or that had fear that if they made a difficult game then the lazy, talentless, self entitled, attention span-less kids of today calling themselves ""gamers"" would all complain about not being able to dominate this game.The game feels lazy and near effortless in development.Same enemies over and over again.Almost same floor plan over and over again3 themed areas with 3 levels each and a boss fight of some boss whom I know nothing about in the theme of the area. All this to get to a final boss whom I know nothing about who is uninspiring. The game has no exposition at all. Yet we have a voice over naration for hitting food and some little quib at the beginning or when you have ""done well""Your character levels up basically just for showing up. Can't get past something? Fail enough and eventually you will get upgraded enough to get by. This, instead of having to buy the upgrade based on survival points or the gold you are hordingThe game is only more ""difficult"" because the enemies spawn faster in slightly more cluttered/smaller rooms and move towards you faster.Who in the hell developed Merlin? I have the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 - = keys and a mouse wheel. Instead to pick my powers I have to make a combination of space/rmb/shift. Was this to make the game more difficult? Once again, that is the lazy ""hard just to make it hard"" design that is opted for in game development over actual design talent.Buying weapons and armor is aestetic? Really? Once again, seems like saving work for design.I can't remember how much this game was. Definitely worth it at 5-10.00 but I suppose an counter-argument is that most games are 50-75.00 and so at 20-25.00 you are literally paying half and so you should get half....---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TLDNR?Game is easy unless you play on the hardest setting which is then hard just to be hardExpect to play about 3-5h to beat it and not want to particularly play againDo not expect friends to want to grind with youRealize half the price of other games means half the enjoyment of other games"
,Recommended,258970,17983690,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Freegs,"This is great. You have to buy it for your friends on Steam. Just a great romp through the levels, and with some friends it's icing on the cake. I was a big arcade Gauntlet fan and this is a worthy follow up. If you like some mindless dungeon blasting, this is probably the best out there. There are too many rogue-like games on Steam. This is how it is meant to be. My only issue with any Gauntlet followup though is that I just loved the originals so much I really really really want just an up to date clone of what it was. Then I would throw coins at my computer til the end of time."
76561198277331115,Recommended,258970,32303648,Posted: 9 June,all,Pollicem,Great game for both casual and hardcore gamers. Worth a try for 7 to 10 hours of good fun at least !
,Recommended,258970,33317703,Posted: 6 July,all,Manenti,I don't get the bad reviews. This game rocks.
76561198010540441,Recommended,258970,33319676,Posted: 6 July,all,Metalsage,awesome game for you and your friends on or off sale its worth it
,Recommended,258970,33323043,Posted: 6 July,all,link1987,I loved Gauntlet back in the day. Such a great adaptation.
,Recommended,258970,32088874,Posted: 31 May,all,zag,Fantastic adaptation of the old original games.The gameplay is fun (solo and co-op).It could get more content IMHO.
76561198008639473,Recommended,258970,32121927,Posted: 1 June,all,Denounced,"Excellent game for the Gauntlet fan!  Love the appearance, and it shines with friends.  Alone or in a group you will get plenty of enjoyment out of this."
,Recommended,258970,32547523,Posted: 18 June,all,Marcelo França,nice game!!
,Recommended,258970,33358789,Posted: 7 July,all,Vexoskeleton,Great quick topdown twin stick shooter esque game. The game is short enough that is doesnt get repetitive in campaign
,Recommended,258970,32339844,Posted: 11 June,all,Hardee's,If you played the arcade version of this game you'll love the updated graphics and item system. The gameplay is easy to grasp but requires a little extra effort in the harder difficulties making for a formidable achievment grind. I got this game on sale so I'd have to recommend waiting for a sale to really get your moneys worth.
76561198313351302,Recommended,258970,32100166,Posted: 31 May,all,Plankton,"AWSOME GAME, I highly recoment the necromancer. shes a beast. vaery addicting. the only thing i dobt like is that your teammates when playing online steal most the gonld if your not quick enough."
76561198052378500,Recommended,258970,32156824,Posted: 3 June,all,Dixie,Classic
76561198195980585,Recommended,258970,32388149,Posted: 13 June,all,vandipo,nice game for multiplayer with my friend and familyplease update the dungeon :D
,Recommended,258970,33392211,Posted: 8 July,all,BKruger,This is a great little game. There isn't extensive content but you can expand that with difficulty. This is the most fun when played with a friend. Definitely worth the few bucks!
,Recommended,258970,33909916,Posted: 30 July,all,Nicholas,"On the surface this game appeared like it was nothing more than a cheap game made to cash in on an older more famous license, but after playing it I can say that in my opinion it's a very high quality product, and a genuinely fun game.By setting your match to Public it's easy enough to get grouped up with some people, you may not always be doing the exact mission you want if you don't host, but playing with people is what makes this game fun and it hasn't been difficult to do so.The missions themselves seem to vary a lot in length and difficulty, without much sense of a precise progression...but the game is fun and rewarding enough to simply hop into a session and grind some levels out for gold or to help someone with their progression.My biggest complaint is that even after you accrue gold it just never feels like there is a ton of upgrades to buy for your character. You never really get the sense of being that much more strong or powerful by the end of the game, and your left slot is essentially useless because of how sparingly the tokens are given out for using that power. As far as I can tell after you've bought a couple upgrades the only thing to spend your money on is gear, but it wouldn't appear to enhance you in any way and seems to be purely cosmetic.So on the positive side, lots of fun coop action, and the gameplay/presentation all feel high quality and well made. The downside is just not a lot of depth to the progression.Would recommend, even if you don't have friends who play you can surely find some random people online to join you."
,Recommended,258970,33962268,Posted: 1 August,all,MaGiCMaN,great game! very fun with friends
,Not Recommended,258970,30366166,Posted: 6 March,all,|TG| BleedingKnee,Game loses track of which player is using which controller.  0/10.
76561198109428532,Recommended,258970,22723651,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Joikkeli,Awesome. Just awesome
,Recommended,258970,12230230,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Miska,"Good, but disapointing compared to legacy"
,Recommended,258970,34329762,Posted: 18 August,all,Glorval,Fun game.
76561197964578472,Recommended,258970,12331616,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Luke,shut up and take my money!!
,Recommended,258970,12242543,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,S_Blackheart,Is it worth it?  Y  E  S !!!!!  Brings back memories of me wasting lots of quarters on the original.  The game feels close to the original but has the updated goodies of todays technology.  love it !!!
,Recommended,258970,13315060,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Olde English,An Excellent game.  Coming from old school.  Hard mode = hard.  Unfair mode = I haven't gotten there yet.  HARD = HARD.  This game is FOR REAL!
,Recommended,258970,15510050,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Greystar,Really enjoy this game. Reminds me of the old days when I used to spend hours in the arcade playing it. Except with better graphics.  However I would recommend playing it only with some kind of gamepad especially if you plan on playing the wizard.  They are all easier to play with the controller vs the keyboard.
76561197983991657,Recommended,258970,34663157,Posted: 1 September,all,outlawaw18,"I bought this a while back in a steam sell because it was cheap and I love the N 64 version as a kid. I just got around to playing it with a friend and I liked it, but I think the only reason that I liked it was that it felt like I was reliving my childhood. So I do recomend buying the game I also recomend waiting for it to go on sell."
,Not Recommended,258970,12372603,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,TheTitaniumDragon,"The original Gauntlet was perhaps the pre-eminent arcade hack-and-slash quarter eating game. The 2014 remake follows in the tradition of the original game, but changes the formula somewhat; rather than having four identical classes with the levels being what really defines how you fight, instead there are four different classes where the emphasis is on your powers and teamwork.Overall, the gameplay experience was decent enough, but there wasn’t all that much of it; for $20, only about 4-5 hours of gameplay feels a bit limited, but the limited nature of the gameplay meant that stretching the game out any longer would have been a mistake as well, as there just isn’t enough meat to the game for such. While there are challenges to complete which grant the player permanent minor buffs, and a number of relics which the player can unlock, in the end none of them really felt interesting or exciting enough that I had to play the game over and over again, grinding through the levels to unlock them. At $5, it would be a pretty good value; at $10, it might be something to do with your friends. At $20, though, I have to say that you can get more bang for your buck elsewhere."
,Recommended,258970,31683059,Posted: 11 May,all,Amra,!!!
,Recommended,258970,17263079,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,calle =D,=)
,Recommended,258970,28145871,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Yee,"This is a great game, but I can't recommend it to people looking for online co-op as there is hardly anyone playing this anymore.If you don't mind playing alone or you have people to couch co-op with you, then by all means buy this game."
76561198019052519,Not Recommended,258970,35044664,Posted: 18 September,all,Herbologist,"Just a game of grinding. Camera movement is horrible. Didn't really enjoy it, but each to their own."
,Recommended,258970,35054654,Posted: 18 September,all,Skrekkur,Perfect for some lightweight but challenging couch co-op.Only annoyance so far is if a controller gets disconnected you have to use mouse and keyboard to navigate the menus.
,Not Recommended,258970,13139436,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Deltatech,"ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːMost of the positive reviews are probably from before the V2.0 slayer edition update, the introduction of theV2.0 slayer edition ruined this title.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVH8fMWFZ7w&list=PL_0oIosGlS5cluIvNfK2gfNNBOijwWjnI&index=4the video is from V1.0 before they took all of the fun out of the game. Don't expect it to be fun anymore.UPdate 8-2015 The Slayer update has made this game unplayable on a triple monitor Gtx 970 rig., I expect this from WB, they managed to mess up even a game that once worked well.with 350 in game currently and only 13hours of play time since Nov of 2014, I say this game failed hard...I pay to download , install and play, I'm thinking Warner Brothers is trying to use the playerbase too often to debug their titles.Was Highly Recommended before the slayer updateI played the original back when I was in High School at the local arcade.V1 was more like the original.One of the reasons the original was popular is because it was one of the few games that had voice back then,the second reason is because we could play 4 player which was rare then. Fast forward 24 years andIt was cool to hear ""the warrior needs food"" and ""the Warrior is about to die"" 24 years later, and running from Death,this was a really good Hack and Slash game before the V2.0 forced update that should have been an optional DLC.I spent $14.99 and would have spent $19.99 for the nostalgia alone, but  months later a forced update changed the title so much I asked for a refund because it's not even the same game I made an informed decision on and bought.edit a few months later and it's unplayable and the game mechanics have been changed drasticly, it's now no fun. All of my perks that I unlocked got taken away with the slayer update.ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamː"
76561198010800416,Not Recommended,258970,19473207,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,:TF: AC/DC Freak,"Difficulty is way too amped up, Would not reccomend."
76561197968076760,Not Recommended,258970,12242255,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,SupermanPan,Underwhelming.
76561198027989238,Recommended,258970,35357888,Posted: 30 September,all,Sirichix,ยากสัสหมา
76561198031955921,Not Recommended,258970,17802752,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Goothry,"The new, ""Slayer, "" Edition ruined what I liked about the 1.0 release version of this game. Of the many changes the removal of masteries is my biggest gripe. In past versions completing mastery challenges would net a player increased damage, movment, skill cool downs, and class abilities. All of that has since been removed in favor masteries ONLY increasing the amount of gold dropped.TLDR1.0 was superior to 2.0Stay away from this disappointment."
76561197978060814,Not Recommended,258970,17804414,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Vintner,"We were looking for a co-op game to play with out of town family, and when we found Gauntlet it was the perfect fit.  This was a casual game that we could play once a week for an evening, and something that even my (non-gamer) wife could, and did, enjoy with us.  The game was short, but even after completing it we could mix up the characters that we played or increase the masteries of our favorite class.  This was our favorite game.When we saw that the game had been given some love, we looked forward to a little polishing and even hoped for additional levels.  Unfortunately, what we got was some graphics polishing that added odd stutter and erratic movements to the display, deterioration of the camera control, and the removal of the RPG element of character advancement through the abilities improved through masteries.  Worse of all for our players was the elimination of “endless lives” when in a group (easy and normal difficulty prior to the patch), which had allowed the most casual to enjoy the game; those players are no longer interested in playing.  So, please bring this back in some form, maybe just to the easy difficulty level, or as an option in the game setup for the host (these scores do not need to be included in the leaderboards – some of us just want to allow more people to enjoy the game and not just try to game the high score).Sadly, I can no longer recommend this game."
76561198052714465,Recommended,258970,16094514,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Greatsword?,"Pretty fun game, great to go back to if you just want to chill and slay mad hordes. Also, inspires hatred towards your friends and lust for that sweet sweet crown"
,Recommended,258970,14815467,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lionarith,"Its a pain to begin the level from start when you die. That said, everything in this game is well executed and its fun,.. as long as you dont die."
76561198006782556,Recommended,258970,29048833,Posted: 5 January,all,JiP,"Nice game, just for the purpose of feeling the old original one."
,Not Recommended,258970,12237299,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,PhamTrinli,"Short and unfulfilling, but fun while it lasted (about 5 hours)Needs a lot more content before I'll recommend it."
76561197987070734,Recommended,258970,12260780,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Grove of Dreams,"Pros:- Nostalgia (it's a fairly honest remake)- Enjoyable Co-op experience- Reasonably priced- Some humor (most of it doesn't ""work"")- Watching your friends die because you shot the food / potion / fire barrel (and the Narrator lets them know that)Cons:- No F*$KING ""Gauntlet"" theme (as someone who played the original, this really bothers me)- The matchmaking service is f'ing horrible, made worse by the relatively low number of players- Characters are locked - join a game that already has your best / favorite character? Too f'ing bad.- Enemies and bossfights are samey-samey.- The ""loadout"" system is completely cosmetic, yet still requires a ton of gold and specific boss kills (or signing up for Warner Bros.'s stu pid ""gaming service"" ).- Obtaining genuine damage / health / abilities upgrades requires grinding out thousands (if not tens of thousands) of kills.  In other words: either you play this game for hundreds of hours, killsteal like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, or you spend a lot of time solo."
,Not Recommended,258970,30579149,Posted: 17 March,all,rock3rd,"DISCLAIMER: I never played the original Gauntlet.This game, at its core, is extremely fun. I love the graphics, the sound, the art style, everything. Combat feels fluid and fast-paced, along with fun and (sometimes) useful abilities. All this should make a perfectly good game, right? Well, yeah. However, this game has one fatal flaw that makes playing it (at least in multiplayer) frusturating and slow.This game can be played with friends, as do most Arrowhead developed games. I LOVED Magicka 2, and I was expecting this to be a similar experience. In short, it's not, but this game does have many upsides. Despite this, singleplayer is pretty boring, with it being repetative and dull. It's not a terrible experience, but just not varied enough to make sufficient gameplay. Obviously, the main focus for this game was multiplayer, which is amazing- except for one thing. The progression in multiplayer for many players is downright insulting.In this game, there are a variety of items to buy, ranging from weapons, to vanity items, to abilities, or relics. These items are part of what make the game interesting: even in singleplayer. They are not gained through leveling up, but rather the game currency. Gold coins. Now, the thing about gold coins is that they are fundamentally broken and singlehandedly ruin the game's intended experience. They are not fair, especially to slower players or classes, such as the warrior. Also, players are barely rewarded for playing well to the point where it shouldn't even exist. We're talking getting 500 kills, getting 2,000 extra gold, and realizing you needed 14,000 more to get the CHEAPEST weapon (for the warrior at least).The problem with this and multiplayer is that it creates a competitive setting, where it is almost impossible to split all the gold 50-50. Each run has TONS of gold, all of which can be aquired in singleplayer and multiplayer. However, the need for gold creates a riff where you should be having fun, and instead, you end up avoiding enemies (which is the opposite of the game's goal) to get as much gold as possible. Instead of each new room being confronted with strategy, it's all just a race of ""Who can get the most gold in this room"". As a result, players actually playing the game and killing monsters are penalized, by not getting very much gold. Also, to add on top of that when you die, you drop a portion of your gold, which players can pick up. This makes it hard for players carrying the team to make any money as a result of dying so much. Finally, for the cherry on the cake, there are crowns in the game, which give bonuses cash at the end of each floor. However, instead of allowing players to keep their crown they EARNED, other players wait for the crowhnj-holder to die, by not helping them, taking all the food, etc..This a bad game design, and I would have to give this game a 3/10, ruined by it's inability to create a consistent progression system. The only way to have fun would be by unlocking all gear for every class, but that won't happen anytime soon.tl;dr: An otherwise great game ruined by it's flawed and competitve progression system, where players literally help their teammates die, in order to get enough gold to get good gear. Not the player's fault, but the game."
,Recommended,258970,24020116,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bigosaur,"We completed this game in 2-player and 3-player mode on all difficulty levels. It's mostly simple mindless hack and slash, but sometimes that is all you need and this game delivers."
76561198020144608,Recommended,258970,24555372,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561197983612976,Recommended,258970,12569151,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rogal Trump,"I enjoyed Gauntlet a lot, especially with a team.  This game is definitely worth $20.  Although it's not quite as arcad-ey as the old Gauntlet coin-op, it's still a worthy successor to the franchise.My only complaint is that they don't allow players to be the same character on a team, for example you can't have 2 wizards and 2 warriors.  Hopefully they will fix this in a future patch, as well as adding more dungeons.Overall, well done!"
,Not Recommended,258970,31307470,Posted: 22 April,all,kalodyne1,"Very few similarities to the original.  Gauntlet Slayer Edition feels more like a dumbed down version of Diablo than Gauntlet.  The story seems relatively non-existent and the game's creativity is somewhat lacking.  Furthermore, this game crashes regularly (I've not had a single Steam game, or any other game, crash on my computer before).  This is disheartening and makes the game itself virtually unplayable.  I highly recommend you save your money and look elsewhere for entertainment."
,Recommended,258970,13772697,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[P0D]Botmann(88),Great oldschool arcade type fun. Online play with friends and random people is super fun with this one!
,Recommended,258970,12239295,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,prophyz,"Gauntlet is pretty good, I am surprised at all the low user scores. It really depends on your expectation of what the game is I guess. This is not a AAA game or an RPG, it's just arcade isometric combat, and for what it does, it does very well.Gauntlet: Slayer Edition is a bit light on content, but that doesn't keep its improved combat from being a good time.Get it on a sale and have fun ! Wouldn't pay the full price."
,Recommended,258970,25552076,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,M13lk3,"Really nice game, capturing the essence of Gauntlet and modernizing it."
76561198048755692,Not Recommended,258970,12216022,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Mothra,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with graphics from PS 2.Better buy Sacred 3, much better."
76561198048249227,Not Recommended,258970,33384909,Posted: 8 July,all,fortuiteer,"EDIT:When I previously decided to write this review, my patience was worn a bit thin by repeated instantaneous kicks from public games. Back then I fleetingly started a singleplayer game to get a look at the hosting options but couldn't find them where I expected them. As it turns out, the host only gets to change any of the settings after choosing the game mode and difficulty, while already in the lobby.That seems a bit counterintuitive to me, since that means a stranger could be able to join the lobby before the host is able to reach the menu with the privacy settings, but at least they are available.Regardless of that I won't change my opinion. For a game of this type a server browser seems like the only reasonable choice. I don't want to repeatedly try my luck with a ""Quick Join"" button that brings me to a random and entirely anonymous server.Gameplay feels floaty and never seems rewarding. I wouldn't say this lightly since my perception of video games is usually not blurred by nostalgia, but even the original arcade version from the 80s was more exciting and felt a lot more mysterious and immersive. This new version is a very generic representation of the concept----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This review is not going to be a fair one. I'm not sure the game deserves any more fairness than it offered me, though.As you can see, I've barely even played the game. From what little I have seen, the gameplay appears to be fine, although certainly not very complex.The feature that bothers me to no end, is the direly misdesigned multiplayer interface, or more specifically the lack of reasonable options for hosting or searching an online game. When starting a game and you want to join a running multiplayer session, you're given exactly one option: Quick join. The game then searches for a random session and drops you right in the middle of the action. If the host didn't expect you, chances are you'll be kicked, as soon as he/she finds an opportunity that won't get him/her killed.Apparently, someone who starts a game alone automatically hosts it as a multiplayer session. Thus there is an abundance of running games where the host doesn't expect other people to join. So, if you click ""Quick join"" be prepared to be kicked out - a lot.I do not comprehend why someone would design a multiplayer interface of such a rotten quality, but I very much believe that such a person shouldn't earn a single dime from it, regardless of how many other games also use this braindead multiplayer system.I have always known Gauntlet as a cooperative game...accordingly I won't even attempt to rate the single player experience."
,Recommended,258970,12799278,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Shootergod(GM),Good game lovely :) highly recommended!
76561197970956898,Not Recommended,258970,32272045,Posted: 8 June,all,Stobislaw,"Short and fun but too repetetive and mediocore overrall, still fun to play with friends ( AND ONLY WITH FRIENDS).Cons include;- Unbalanced classes (some are op some are♥♥♥♥♥♥ some are super boring to play)- ultra repetetive grinding- practically zero hero progression- super weak story- weak boss fight"
,Recommended,258970,12213136,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Terath,You need this game badly
,Not Recommended,258970,30479818,Posted: 12 March,all,President James A. Garfield,"If Gauntlet was the original hack and slash game, this is a very poor cosplay of it. Warner Brothers, while famous as a movie studio, are not well known for (publishing) good games. (Arrowhead Games Studio developed it.) They say that when you go to a pizza place, don't order the salad because it's not their specialty and will probably be terrible.(03.18.17) To expand on my initial comments, if you're looking for better, similiar style gameplay to this version of the Gauntlet, I  recommend you check out Torchlight II. This (Arrowhead Games Studio developed) Gaunlet changes too much from the other more playable versions, and is a bit of a mess on the PC. It doesn't take very long playing it to recognize how much they changed the Guantlet formula. In my opinion, the previous publishers (Atari, Tengen, and Midway Games) all did a much better job.EDIT: From a comment, ""Arrowhead Game Studios made this game. WB just published it."" My revised review makes note of that."
76561197970717304,Recommended,258970,12213702,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Al Bundy,"Buy it, and stfu."
,Not Recommended,258970,32062197,Posted: 30 May,all,Pladim,"While it's a bit of fun to pick up and run, and with a couple friends it can go fast, the game just has little to offer in terms of replayability and fails to hold attention for any long length of time."
,Not Recommended,258970,32529068,Posted: 18 June,all,General StarBurner,"This game started alright, but it immediately became repetitive and boring as you go onto more and more levels. Every spammable mob enemy is the same; they change the model for each level but it just charges straight at you with slightly higher hp. This would be fine if every stage didn't only have 1 or 2 special enemy type; the fights just become repetitive as the stage changes slightly but the gameplay remains mundane and tedious.Some of the challenge stages were alright and the bosses were interesting. But after slaving away at the hardest difficulty with my brother and beating the boss; only to be rewarded with a sad 5 second ending cinematic that immediately transitioned to the credits...Also... the same voice lines are repeated so many times (for healing) and are just... so... ugh......I cannot recommend this game for anyone who enjoyed the original gauntlet. Even for players looking for couch-party/co-op game. If you want a great top-down co-op game with alot of enemies, try out alien swarm instead. It's free and every level presents a unique challenge."
76561198082758999,Not Recommended,258970,12212738,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Alaxrity,"Does anyone know why I can't pull up the screen to start playing? It opens, but the screen won't expand"
76561198027154983,Recommended,258970,12207790,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sanji,Nostálgico e frenético. 11/10.
,Recommended,258970,35270156,Posted: 28 September,all,Machete,gg
,Recommended,258970,35088502,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,Fun and cheap. Just like me.
,Recommended,258970,12254526,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Moonblaze,"I would definitely recommend this game to anybody looking for a more simplified and more skill based ARPG experience. While it may be tempting at first glance to compare this game to other ARPGs like Torchlight, for most part the only similarities are the top view action.While I would recommend this to hardcore and softcore players alike, I think the best element of this game is the challenge. While there are some RPG elements, they are somewhat limited in scope and some are purely esthetic. I believe softcore players would not get their money's worth at the moment, so for $20 I can only recommend this to hardcore gamers who are looking to challenge themselves by using teamwork to conquer the game on its hardest difficulties.The game also rewards players who play a lot, as there are many achievements which grant permanent passive perks such as increased damage, moving speed and decreased cooldown for certain skills, which is very nice and gives the player an incentive to play a lot and perform well. This however is probably only more necessary on harder difficulties, as this is one of those games that relies more on the player's skill rather than gear, equipment, skill tree, etc... You will find none of these elements in this game as this is a remake of an arcade classic.While you can play this game solo for a while, you will need teammates who know what they're doing on latter difficulties. You can also play up to 4 players locally, so as long as there are enough controllers plugged in the USBs. There is also no in-game chat, which can be a double edged blade in my opinion. On one hand, it prevents needless distraction and conversations (mostly complaining), which helps to keep the focus on the actual game as it's fairly easy to die when not paying attention to the right elements on screen.There are four playable classes, each of them having their own style, which all feel very unique and contribute in different ways. Only one of these characters may be used at a time, so it may be important to learn how to use every class.- The Warrior, having high armor and hit points is the natural meatshield of the bunch, deals medium damage in an area of effect or an arc and can bum rush through hordes. However outside of using his skills he can be pretty slow moving. His whirlwind special attack will devastate any enemies standing in his path.- The Valkyrie, is a hybrid DPS-Tank class with high maneuverability. His main attack pierces through enemy lines and is very effective in taking out cannon fodder units, but may leave him momentarily vulnerable to stronger units. He can also take quite a beating, but not as much as the warrior. However, the ability to block incoming missles gives the Valkyrie a huge advantage in combat, which can be a great for protecting the Elf while he deals ranged damage. Quite an effective combination in my opinion. The Valkyrie's special attack is a devastating chain-damage shield throw that is very effective against hordes, but leaves him unable to block until the shield returns.- The Elf, is a basic ranged character that can effectively evade anything it comes across, as well as delivering precisie sniper shots to often elusive elite enemies with special abilities that can wreak havoc onto your party. In addition the dealing massive damage to enemies, the Elf is able to drop or attach a bomb onto one of his arrows to deal even bigger damage to radius. The Elf's evade ability can also be key when used offensively in order to reach spawn towers to drop bombs when the action becomes so heavy that no teammates have access to destroy the key units.- The Wizard, with a staggering 9 spells from which to choose from, is easily one of the most important characters due to his abilities. Each element has 3 spells (fire, ice, lightning) that are all very unique and renders the Wizard one of the most versitile character that can adapt to deal with almost any situation. From shotgun-style ice shards to your face, to mighty exploding orbs that deliver the highest DPS in an area of effect in the game, to chain-lightning and slow aura, the Wizard can quickly dispatch of hordes of enemies while supporting the rest of the party. However, this is the class with the highest learning curve due to his versitality and is by far the most complex character to play in the game.In the end, this is a great game with a lot of challenge and no drama what's so ever when playing online. I'd recommend to this game to anybody who enjoys and misses the old school arcade-type games.PROS:+ Four unique classes, each with their own roles+ Four player local or online co-op+ Challenging team-based gameplay+ No in-game chat, no drama!+ Pick up and play - Simple interface allows for quickly setting up and starting gamesCONS:- Game balance issues depending on party member play styles and preferences- Nature of gameplay may sometimes encourage players to be greedy, however this only affects post-game rankings- A little pricey at $20VERDICT:7.2/10 - Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,258970,12213709,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Shunn,Buy hammerwatch instead!http://store.steampowered.com/app/239070/Better then Gauntlet and half the price!
,Recommended,258970,12239143,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,lakylog (✿ =‿‿=),"Wizard + Elf combination = ez gold, ez life"
76561198065465842,Recommended,258970,28350545,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DymaxiumQ,nice game
76561198219932543,Not Recommended,258970,24200276,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Alice,"Absolute turkey as compared to a lot of other dungeon crawlers, its just trading on the name of an old game, the game is serviceable, and if you buy it, i found no bugs, or problems, but the environment's and game play is so pedestrian it gets old really fast. Ok for a wet weekend."
,Recommended,258970,12210101,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,"Sadly, the original version of this game didn’t get a full year before it got its upgrade, but it’s not without its charm. Essentially it is the same game as when it was released but a few tweaks and minor issues fixed, as well as a few added.The original HUB where you chose levels is now fixed so the Host is the one who picks instead of everyone running around trying to play their favorite level over and over.There’s now a mode called Endless where bad guys come in large waves and each level gets harder. I made it to level 30 before we got overrun and ran out of tokens. This mode is kind of cool because your gold outside the mode isn’t used for purchases, instead the gold you collect as you go is the only gold you get so fighting over the crown becomes crucial. You can also buy skull tokens for lives, potions, and food at the start of each floor. My advice, buy skull tokens any time you can – you will need them and they aren’t offered on every floor.By far the biggest overhaul to the gameplay at least that I saw was the reconstruction of Relic items; they don’t use potions anymore and instead use a cooldown mechanic. Talisman items are what old Relics were and require potions to use and they still have the same flaw in that if people don’t have a Talisman and pick up a potion the potion is used up and forfeit. I guess it’s a fair deal considering we have cooldown abilities now.Characters now have abilities unique to their weapon choice. The Warrior’s hammer can do the spin attack it was known for or can create a powerful shockwave. The Valkyrie can call down lightning or throw her shield like Captain America. And the Wizard has invisibility and hellfire abilities. The Necromancer can choose skeleton warrior, archer, or ghosts as her minions. Best addition so far.Enemies got an overhaul too and aside from different models here’s what I’ve seen so far:-Zombie giants have a bit more health and can pop up at random, so look for coffins.-Zombie champions come in shield and archer variant and have faster rush abilities and can call down ice arrows. A nice addition for some challenge.-Necromancers can now come in two-stage fights, kind of like a mini boss. One fight will be their mortal form and the other in their ghost form which changed very little.The first boss didn’t change at all, but now you can fight zombie giants during his fight.-Grunts look different and can be empowered by the Shaman.-Shaman look different and now shoot bolts of green that break off and turn into more bolts rather than the skull that follows you around like in the original version.-Giant Orcs can break their hammers and charge. Watch out.-New Minions: Spider soldiers. They are smaller version of Spider queens but can’t do much damage and can be stun-locked.-Spider queens look different and seem to have a little more health but no real change.-The second boss had more lighting added to the level. Thank you.-Cultist that turned into demon in the original version now explode when they die, sending purple bolts in a four-way patter. Watch out.-The cult leader got a new look and his sparkly bolt thing seems to be pretty inaccurate. Okay.-Basic demons gave the lion share of the update and can now stun lock enemies, and look different. Really watch out.That’s what I got so far. I haven’t gotten too far yet.Unfair mode is gone now and I say good riddance. It was nice unlocking certain masteries quicker but I hated being reminded I needed food when there was no food in the level. Stay dead and buried, unfair mode.Armor and weapons don’t need to be unlocked by beating certain levels in higher difficulties, now they can just be bought, which is okay I guess.All and all I like it and still recommend it. I play both single player and multiplayer.Pros- Cooldown abilities give the game a nice customization tool and good feel to gameplay.- Endless Mode for those brave enough to venture into the deep of the game.- Connection issues seemed to get a big fix. Big plus in my book.Meh- Some level layouts remain the same – some good, some still needing work.- During the Lobby scene people can put the Ready screen in an endless lobby hitting Ready/Not Ready and resetting the 30 second timer.- You can just buy the armor now instead of having to unlock it.Cons- Masters redone – abilities like less damage from the Valkyrie, coming back to life as Necromancer, and Warrior Regeneration are gone. No damage bonuses for killing so many of one foe.- Some items are still pretty worthless."
76561198141993891,Not Recommended,258970,33606948,Posted: 17 July,all,mikey9541a,game doesnt feel like old game. not worth it
76561198030446929,Recommended,258970,12211815,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,dmgmachine,Classic reborn.
76561198065644418,Recommended,258970,12210317,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Moonurai,"A very brutal game, And worthy of being a successor to the Gauntlet name."
,Recommended,258970,12211881,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Press X to Monsterror,"Everything you remember from the original, plus graphics!"
76561198029408965,Recommended,258970,12214834,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,supreme130,Absolutley awesome game.
,Recommended,258970,30212149,Posted: 26 February,all,Dragun,"Great game - not as good as Legacy of Darkness but since its not on PC, this is the next best thing tho you may want to consider Diablo 3 instead,"
,Recommended,258970,12208209,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tecak,Отличный хак энд слэш. Ольдскульный в доску. Всем играть!
,Not Recommended,258970,30315755,Posted: 4 March,all,Kimo Hands,The game is an immediate letdown. It carries none of the charm of the earlier gauntlets like it claims.
76561198016477228,Recommended,258970,35117008,Posted: 21 September,all,Crankage,"I've spent SO much money on Gauntlet in the arcade growing up, this game is worth the money. It's so much fun if you're a fan of Gauntlet and playing with friends. It's amazing, get it.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
,Recommended,258970,12224411,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Momaw Nadon,I am Momaw Nadon and I approve of this game.
76561197964280563,Recommended,258970,12226152,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[FoH] Zanaver,"The Good:(1) The game is fast paced, not overly complex and competitive. Graphics are pleasing.(2) It's $20.(3) Mastery levels of each character improves your character the more you play.The Bad:(1) It's short. About 6 hours in I had completed most of normal mode.(2) There isn't much of a story. It's hack and slash.(3) Your camera is locked. In single-player this isn't an issue, in multi-player it centers the view to the median between were each of the four players are on the screen. In chaotic situations it's very easy to lose track of your character. All players have to move forward to continue. Players can get stuck by terrain if the group moves forward without them, forcing the entire group to backtrack to allow them to continue.The Ugly:(1) No in-game chat (text or voice), which makes it so you can't even coordinate with people to use a 3rd party voice system. You're limited to 4 emotes.Matchmaking could be greatly improved. I like playing wizard, and it's really infuriating when I join a game, wizard is already taken and I'm forced into another role that I don't want to play.The game play is basic and could be improved upon. I anticipate there will be DLC that will unlock additional content."
76561198054197717,Recommended,258970,12219031,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Astor,11/10Act 1 Level 1My friend playing elf killed my turkey and I diedAct 1 Level 2My friend playing elf killed my turkey and I diedAct 1 Level 3Karma's a ♥♥♥♥♥ so I killed his turkey and then he died
76561198093611763,Recommended,258970,12238406,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,King of Zharki,Same old I need another mountain dew feeling as the gauntlets I was playing in arcades back in the day.  Awesome
,Recommended,258970,12224539,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Wardancer,"Brilliant coop game, able to mix local/net players is a godsend."
76561198003025920,Not Recommended,258970,13225544,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Malaki,"This game is terrible, I would rather contract cancer then finish this again.No progression, No Loot, No point.-5/10 would not play again"
,Recommended,258970,12208644,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,LiamMitchell,"After playing it breifly and getting through the tutorial (Follow whats written in top left)It seems quite fun :)Will definatly be playing it local coop more with some friends like the good old days.Cheers,"
,Recommended,258970,12208932,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ave,"Game is very fun itself,but some players is incredibly stupid and ruins co-op games.8/10"
,Recommended,258970,12214309,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Washable,Fun game.  I think they did a good job with it.  I have not tried multiplayer yet
,Recommended,258970,12214778,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Admiral Beslan,"Amazing, Simply amazing.All 4 characters feel unique and have their own play styles. (Wizard and Elf both use ""Dual Analog"" for aiming/moving)Graphics are pretty damn swanky.Great to see an old classic get revived without stomping all over the classics graveBrilliantly unforgiving on harder difficulties, prepare to die, especially when solo.Masteries system is an amazing way to give progression into a game, without turning it into ""Who has the bigger number?"" game. Simply great to earn bonuses to gameplay simply by playing!"
76561198009558464,Recommended,258970,12208981,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[T]orus[B]east,"Takes me back several years.  Still feels very much like the original with a slight twist. The relics are nice, even if I am hesitant to buy any as I don't know which are best.  But The armor is also nice, nothing is givne to you and it all must be earned within the gauntlet.  The perk system is nice too.  You can gain perks from death and just about everything else.  These perks are minor but for sure make for a easier gameplay the more you get.The competitive feel of this game is top notch.  I find myself scrambling for gold, potions, and crowns before my teammates so that I can be rewards well and be able to buy upgraded relics, armor, etc...  It makes me consider if I should steal/destroy that food or let the teammate who is 5% health have it, knowing he's been grabbing a lot of the gold in a level.  By letting a teammate die they drop a small portion of the gold they have collected and you are allowed to pick it up.  Down side is if you do this to often your teammate will catch on and begin stealing food from you as well.The over all game play feels nice, and mouse and keyboard are adopted to the game very well.  As far as classes go Valky, Wizard, and Ranger are all about equal with their own strengths and weaknesses.  The warrior however seems very lack luster.  With a charge that has to charge up for about .75 seconds and low durabilty (from what is seems), he can't really take a beating though he is required to be in the fray of fighting. Valky, brings a melee style play to the game with a bit more durability and even some range.  She can shield to block attacks and with her shield throw can handle 2 halves of a room at once.  The archer, though limited range is very adept at staying just out of range of enemies while still staying relevant in the fight. The wizard is a more technical class and casts spells depending on what button combos you press to ready his next spell with.  But is very strong range damage.I have just scratched the surface of this game and I look forward to diving deeper into the game in the following days and weeks.  4 out of 5 stars, due to the grindy feel and warrior being a lack luster choice in comparison to the other classes."
76561198040747657,Recommended,258970,12211601,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,trackguy6,"Gauntlet is a revered classic IMO.   I've spent countless quarters playing Gauntlet in endless frustration.  This adapatation stays true to the classic while adding a modern spin on the game.  The controls are fluid and easy to pick up on for the Barbarian, Valkrie, and Elf.  However the Wizard is IMO difficult to control and play with due to the change in spells and targeting.  However it is not a limitation that others can not over come.  I'd highly reccomend this game if you are a fan of the old Gauntlet."
76561198039267766,Recommended,258970,12212570,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Thor,This is a great remake of the classic dungeon crawler for optimal playing make sure you speak and read english and play with the wsadqe set up for you can not change these settings
76561198001655595,Recommended,258970,12207413,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Phinom,"φ I got this game in hopes i'd be able to play with 2 controllers, and to my suprpise you can play with both keyboard and controller at the same time! this is a win for family fun on my big screen.Game play is so far fun, new but familiar to the old game...well worth the money."
,Recommended,258970,12211555,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,RaWr,"This is great, Gauntlet reborn!   It is a lot like playing Gauntlet a little like playing Diablo 2, all in all it is quite enjoyable and I have not notice any bugs. The four different characters actually provice a decent ammount of play difference between them and the game gives enough progression to keep you going.09/10  Not sure about the multiplayer yet, when it works it is great but it seems a bit tempermental, can't knock it too much on that though since it is launchday."
,Recommended,258970,12212165,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,elk,Great fun!
76561197970265293,Recommended,258970,12210356,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TP Crisis,Awesome remake! Would have been even better if they had included the old school announcer though.
,Recommended,258970,12207797,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Neudg,amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198044410080,Recommended,258970,12209107,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BULTHANE[920],"awesome game, just how i remeber the game :P"
,Recommended,258970,27372358,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,*birto,hey guys how are you
,Not Recommended,258970,24069799,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MTeck,"I thought this was a remake re-imagining of the old arcade and N64 classic, however; it was not. It seemed, on the three classes I tried that, I  was to kite all groups of mobs. This instead of an old school Castle Crashers. If you are here as a gamer looking for what I was, just go buy that. If you are looking of a rogue-like, dexterity game, you have arrived."
,Not Recommended,258970,12684100,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,LiquidHazard,pretty disappointed. it is nothing compared to the gauntlets of old.
,Not Recommended,258970,12713424,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,wonderjosh,"I wouldn't call this a Gauntlet game.Perhaps that's because my understanding of Gauntlet came from Gauntlet Legends and Gauntlet: Dark Legacy. Both excellent games with hours and hours of gameplay and tons of playable characters with alternate costumes (so you and a friend could both be warriors but look entirely different) and discoverable characters, leveling up, familiars, and a vast array of locations with interesting themes for each.Maybe it was too much to hope this game would return to styles of those forementioned, but instead fell just as flat as Gauntlet: Seven Sorrows. I even had to Google that title up because I had forgotten what it was called.Anyway, if you're wanting a game like Legends or Dark Legacy, this is not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,258970,12677658,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Samothrace,Boring and repetative.Rewards are lame.No real progression toward anything that I can see.IDK.  I don't get it...
76561197997747583,Not Recommended,258970,24751242,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Starchy,Gets annoying quick.
,Not Recommended,258970,17231590,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,UltimaCJ,"Worst $4.99 I ever spent even with my friends, I feel bad that it was my idea to try this game when it went on sale.Pros:  Feels like Gauntlet for the most part and very compedetive and button mashing fun.Hearing my friend Points complain the whole time that Nintendo doesn't ""suck"".Cons:  Potions aren't useful and  I'd prefer their original format like in the original.Relics aren't that powerful vs their cost.VERY SHORT and NO Storyline.  It took only two playthrough sessions to finish the game with friends.Might be worth a buck but that's about it.  Heck the original NES verison was BETTER AND longer!*drops the mic*"
,Not Recommended,258970,19269296,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,JeepThebeast,Meh basically diablo with no customization. You're just running around casting spells. No depth
,Recommended,258970,13176893,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,gamercream (sal),its gay
,Not Recommended,258970,30370976,Posted: 7 March,all,wbk,Very dull.  You have better games to play.
,Not Recommended,258970,23738728,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,binarymonk01,"Although the playstyle is gauntlet like, no leveling, no 'progression' other than unlocking different types of equipment that provide different playstyle (not always for the better)."
,Recommended,258970,12212123,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,salami,is good
,Recommended,258970,12208495,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Brotassium,#1 Tip: Ice spells suck.
76561197983722362,Recommended,258970,12210220,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Boomer,These days such called hardcore!
76561198073534007,Recommended,258970,12210503,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,tdig,SUCK UP MY SUCK
76561198127484340,Recommended,258970,12211104,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,dark_space64,i bought this game and its real fun but my computer runs it a little slow so if you want the game just msg me and we can trade
76561198041770254,Recommended,258970,12212460,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,lokiup,oh crap oh crap oh crap death is trying to kill me...
76561198035057240,Recommended,258970,12214503,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zomfear,More fun then a barrell full of monkeys that are trying to kill you.......
,Recommended,258970,12206389,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,flobz,A good remake of a classic even with the red warrior is about to die and shot the food a must buy
,Recommended,258970,12206414,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,UltimateCarnagez,This Game Is Awesome Feels like the Old school one Highly Recommend it for a friend or you'r self
76561198015747058,Recommended,258970,12207839,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AIDY76,fast paced and brought back some good memories from the spectrum 128k days lol
,Recommended,258970,12207940,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,burgethebeardedwonder,Gauntlet with a modern twist while staying very true to the original.  Proper hardcore old school arcade fun
,Recommended,258970,12206911,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Spy™,Wizard needs food badly
76561198011965114,Recommended,258970,12207281,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Birdman X,The blue wizard needs food badly!!
76561198188929258,Recommended,258970,34843339,Posted: 9 September,all,CI AR ZI,recommended guys
,Recommended,258970,12208374,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TheOnlyHeero,Great Game!!!! Graphics look great. gameplay is a little off with a mouse and keyboard. doesn't take long to get used to it. lv's are fun and challenging.Completly worth $20.
76561198036880013,Recommended,258970,25562107,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Brutal Bean,Good. Alcoholic Approved.
76561197984069271,Not Recommended,258970,13227304,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,RHETT MADISON,"Playing this game got old after a few days.No skill tree to place points into to improve your class,No way to heal your toon at the highest level of play.No gear to be aquired for your toons class."
,Not Recommended,258970,14799469,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[LaaG]Mogwuy,"I purchased this game, because I loved the original version on Nintendo 64. It is a pretty fun dungeon crawler, however I've found the game is incredibly buggy. I am in the process of reinstalling currently as for some reason it wasn't loading anymore.  I am hoping it will run better after the reinstall, but we'll see."
,Recommended,258970,12239950,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Dragonix,"If you've played and enjoyed old and previous Gauntlet, you'll definitely like this.  It is a polished of old NES and Acrade Gauntlet so you'll feel right at home when you play the game!The game is so much easier and better if you have a Gamepad or Controller.  If you don't have one, it is STRONGLY recommended that you buy or get one for this game!  It'll make you feel right at home!I definitely recommend this game for friends who love and enjoy play with each other!  And to bring old memories of old Gauntlet!"
,Recommended,258970,12212993,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Good Versus Evil,"Had a TON of fun so far with this game.  For 20 bucks it's a great pickup...just be sure you have a supported controller on hand and some good friends to play with (Shooting a stranger's food isn't nearly as satisfying as your buddy's).The new relic system is implemented well as is the progression system (Kind of like achievements with perks).  I had a great time playing as the elf, Questor, but I'm not entirely sure why he's got a scottish accent.  Either way he's a fun character.Overall, WB Games got this one right on when it comes to the value for the money.  I look forward to playing this game a lot in the near future.We also just got done with a session on our Twitch channel if you want to see any gameplay (Skip until about 13 minutes in):http://www.twitch.tv/goodversusevil/b/571520242"
76561198028020034,Recommended,258970,12230435,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,LE4D'66,"I think they're on to a winner with this revamp, well I'm enjoying it so far (however frustrated I get) but only played it from a solo standpoint. Would be a better overall experience with 4 players I'm sure. Would have liked the ability to zoom in a little on character or had the character a little larger in scale, just a fraction but it's no big thing. 9/10"
76561197997874431,Recommended,258970,12236933,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,SpeakingBeast,A proper reboot of the old arcade game - solid mulitplayer fun!
,Recommended,258970,12270430,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,FlowMotion,Well worth the 20 bucks.  I remember playing the old original version.  This is just as fun with more to offer.
76561198053406075,Recommended,258970,12215417,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,A74656,"Fun, fast, and lots of action what more could you ask for."
76561197970479670,Recommended,258970,12220566,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Geldon,"Though there's a few things wrong with it (character selection, lobbies, and sometimes the map breaks) Gauntlet (2014) is a decidedly fun romp with tight, well-balanced gameplay (""hard"" is, indeed, hard).  It's pretty short, you could easily finish all the maps in a day, but there is a bit of replayability because each of the characters plays differently and you need to beat higher difficulties to unlock everything.  The $20 release-day price tag is pretty reasonable, and it will be a shoe-in on a half-off sale a few months from now.  Here's hoping for a Gauntlet 2 that's even better."
,Recommended,258970,12237077,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Killjoy,"Its a nice throwback to the old original (the mid 80s arcade game that is).  Multiplayer fun with friends, not bad for $20."
76561197993571285,Recommended,258970,12237609,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Runes,Great remake of the classic arcade (which i spent many hours on). Best played with friends though!
,Recommended,258970,12209172,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Fuzzy Snehk,"Barely started playing it, but it's got that old Gauntlet feel with some modern, more complex game mechanics. I approve of the experience so far :)"
76561198006825242,Recommended,258970,12215081,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bash Arkin,10/10 would destory food enough.
76561198014575746,Recommended,258970,12219736,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Plum,I feel like it is 1985 but now i am older and have more skillZ then i had when i was 9 :DOld School game with new high-tech touch. Love it !!!
76561198088225353,Recommended,258970,12220933,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,m.walls15,must have
76561197999368411,Recommended,258970,12271226,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DemonKiller09,I have seen this game played and it looks very fun but unfortunately my computer cant handle the intense video graphics even with all low settings. I mean I can play left for dead 2 with low settings. I just whished this game could update so older computers like mine can play. But i do recommend it
,Recommended,258970,12280099,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Deep,"Plays like the classic Guantlet game with newer graphics and effects.   It can be fun and enjoyable.  I prefer playing as the wizard, because I like the variety.  Some people like the warrior, because he's basically a hack and slash character.  The other two are sort of middle of the road characters.  The game doesn't have that many levels though, and it's lacking a few features that would make it the best Guantlet game ever created.   Here's the bad:- Screen is shared like in other Guantlet games, and that can be annoying when someone will not move and you can't proceed to the next area.  Some people don't care about this, but I do.  I think it would be a far better game if each player had their own screen.- No voice or text chat at the time of this review.  You only have emotes, and that can suck since you can't really communicate with other players and meet other people who enjoy the game.- No browsing for a game, so you'll only be able to join a random game, and sometimes it tells you the game if full, or that you joined a game already in progress and so you must go back and click to find another.  Why can't I just join a game in progress?  Nothing is more annoying than playing with 4 people, one or two quit, and no one can join!  You have to go back to lobby and wait for another random person to come in.  Oh, and there's no lobby chat either.-  No key rebinding so you have to use the default controls.  The devs have promised they are adding this ability in the near future.  Still, it should have been something that was put into the game by release, but I got to hand it to them that they have responded to this request.  Well, hopefully they will.-  Steam doesn't appear to be fully integrated.  What I mean by this, is that there is no way to shift tab and look at who you are playing with and easily send a friend request.   At least if they had this fully integrated, you could easily friend people and group chat on steam.Overall it's a rather short game, but with some replayability.  I like the idea that there are way to level up your character, collect gold and buy upgrades.  But what would be nice is a randomly generated dungeon and perhaps endless dungeon mode, and I have read (but not a 100% sure) that the devs are planning on adding this to the game in a future patch (whenever that will be).Though it has it's shortcomings, I am enjoying playing it.  So I'd recommend it.  It certainly isn't as complex as Magicka, but then neither was the classic Guantlet game that I was a huge fan of back in the day.  I think that the devs hit the nail on the head when it comes to capturing some of the old Guantlet style of play and sort of adding a modern feel to it of sorts.   The asking price isn't bad for what you get."
76561198053342973,Recommended,258970,12208962,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GhostDemon,Wonderful game. Fantastic gameplay and just the right amount of difficulty to keep you hooked.
,Recommended,258970,12216638,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Severd_Nerv,"After having a quick play i can certaily say this game was worth the wait and deff value for money.Gameplay is gr8, graphics are absolutly fine.Gr8 Job Guys =D"
,Recommended,258970,12219051,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,gooby pls,"Awesome game, few improvements are needed:- Matchmaking system for quick games attempts to put you in already full games, or private games... Seems a bit pointless.- Should be able to queue as a character, I prefer to play Valkyr so i'd like to join games where it's available.Fantastic game though, really enjoying it."
,Recommended,258970,12227449,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,J3551C4,"I have always been a fan of the Gauntlet series ever since I played Legends at an arcade. When I saw the trailers for this I was sort of skeptical at first, but when I finally got it I was very happy. I can easily say this game does a good job of taking it back to the classic arcade style of gameplay (that means the awesome 4 player co-op), with some new stuff added to make it exciting. The narrator is still here to tell you that you shot the food, but he isn't the only one anymore. The characters have witty little voice lines on occasion which are actually pretty funny. The game has only been out for 2 days (at the time of this review) and I have already enjoyed very much. If you've played any of the games of the series and enjoyed them or just want to have some fun with your friends, you cannot go wrong with this game.#needsfoodbadly"
,Recommended,258970,12230413,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CyborgJester,"An absolute must play. How a reboot should be. Hard, and time consuming! Wimps beware!"
,Recommended,258970,12234460,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,John Kimble,"Hack and Slash, great co-op. More level and strategy focused than loot/level grinding. Refreshing look back at ARPG style games. Well worth 20$, hope they create a ton of dlc so people keep at this."
76561198052283470,Recommended,258970,12234707,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,eekz,Great oldschool game! I recommend.
,Recommended,258970,12235201,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Time to Get Shwifty,"This is a re-launch of the original Gauntlet arcade game. Graphics are nicely done, controls are fairly decent, and controller support is native. Game is addictive and scales based upon your skill in the game rather than a level or items.Unfortuantly there is no support for re-mapping the controls. I have had difficulty setting the resolution to 1920x1080.Would recommend the game to anyone who enjoys the genre. I would give it a 9/10."
76561197961140460,Recommended,258970,12245993,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Nighthawk46,A truley fantastic reboot of an awesome game that both fans of the original arcade and nes classics and newcommers will enjoy Highley recommended
76561198066679732,Recommended,258970,12256975,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Deadlycrawler,"8/10a solid remake of a classic,lots of fun and easy to pick up.its kinda like a mini diabloi highly recomend this game, best to play with friendsi only have 2 negitive things to say about it. the replay value is kinda low, the combat can get repetive quickly, and the multiplayer needs a bit more support to help comunicate, there is no voice comunication available in the game, so unless you grab friends and talk in vent/teamspeak/skype otherwise you are stuck trying to type to each other"
76561198072255349,Recommended,258970,12272080,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ManlyTorchic,amazing game cant wait to see if something like dlc's come out for it super awesome
,Recommended,258970,12225317,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,HUNK,"This game looks and runs great, and is a faithful recreation of the original series.All of that is very fortunate, since they completely left out any semblance of RPG elements, which is a real shame, because this game could have been EVEN better with just a moderate amount of thought and effort in that department.What I mean by that is that unlike pretty much every gauntlet game since the N64 version, this game does not have any kind of stats that define the classes.  They might vary slightly in speed/health/damage/etc, but it's all hidden in the game's files, and never sees the light of day as far as the player is concerned.That also means there's no real leveling system.  The mastery system _somewhat_ mitigates this, and does provide very useful bonuses, but it's so achievement-based that it feels insulting to say that it can replace a real RPG system.I was further dismayed when I discovered that the various armors/weapons available for purchase also have no bearing on the gameplay - purely cosmetic.The available relics are respectably varied, but are still a pretty thin replacement for a fleshed-out stat system.That being sad, the combat is utterly solid, and the coop elements support this and vice versa in a very well-thought out manner.  It's just sad that the developers decided not to increase the depth of the game with RPG elements and other mechanics that could continue to keep players engaged for longer.As stated by many other reviews, this game's difficulty level is high.  Hard is definitely hard, even with a group of veteran gamers on teamspeak (and mostly sober), and unfair is duly named.I'd highly recommend to any fan of the series, action ""RPG""s in general, and especially if you have a couple friends you can play it with.  Good $ value."
76561197995765721,Recommended,258970,12236508,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,[HZRB] Rocket Fuel,"Quite a BIG dissapointment!!  I have played the Original arcade version of 'Gauntlet'....I did so as a kid in my lunch hour, which would sometimes be 2 hours and a detention for being late back to school.  'Gauntlet was a memory I have from a long time ago and so I had very high expectations for this new 2014 version.....One thing I always remember was that it had 100 levels!! Compare this to the handful we get now its pitiful?  Ok the graphics were pretty poor back in the 90's in comparison to nowadays, but what have the devs done with this game?   Its not what I was expecting that is for sure....Fun, teamwork and hordes of ghosts, grunts and generators just to start with.  I would have been happy to just have potions as they were, 100 levels where you were able to skip to level 7 if you found an exit for level 7, death as it was back in the day not some toxic cloud emiating from its ringpiece.  It feels like no effort has been made, no in game chat, not even text type!!  and we the human gamer guinea pigs flock to obtain a game because we all know the history and what it used to be like.....Its a shame really, because this could have been a REALLY good game if they had maybe taken a look at the original and taken some of the simplistic level design, teamwork, puzzles, and beefed it up a bit into a polished 2014 portal of a classic game.  It didnt need Big bosses, just an end game, hidden stuff and areas and bits n pieces for your charector to buy, teamwork and loads and loads of ghosts, grunts etc.Overall...Ok for a bit......then it wont appeal anymore,  give it about 2 months, and we'll have it on sale with steam!!  4/10  :0("
,Recommended,258970,12255109,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Romok,woo
,Recommended,258970,12273995,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DarknutPrime,Classic arcade Gauntlet with a 2014 graphics and physics update. Perfect!
,Recommended,258970,12277833,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,WhiteRaven417,"Very easy game to join, play and dungeon crawl. Some mild puzzle elements, zero bugs, up to 4 players share screen and overcome waves of enemies."
,Recommended,258970,12215029,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,bigb121074,I enjoyed it. Fast paced and kept me on the edge. It was short but has an immense amount of replayability. Price is right and IMO is money well spent.
76561198067484145,Recommended,258970,12215257,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,bananaslug96,Deep gameplay for a hack-n-slash dungeon crawler?  Not really.Nostalgic feeling of being a ten-year old at the arcades?  Definitely.
,Recommended,258970,12227816,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Sskai Knight,"Very cool game.  Great multiplayer and it takes 20 minutes per session.  It a good game to just do a level and then get back to life.  Feels very arcadeish.Great work dev team, this one is a keeper!"
,Recommended,258970,12229716,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,{*DeBug 5v0enix*},"I am shocked. They were somehow able to keep the quality and nostalgia of the old Gauntlet untouched with this new version. I give it a 10/10 for all retro gaming fans. However, one twist and I doubt you will mind it; Diablo + Gauntlet = whatever the hell this is. Awesome game. 2 of my favs mixed into one with an honorable/respectable title and memorable gameplay.P.S.: Everyone wants to be the Wizard... you will see why."
,Recommended,258970,12229849,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Cheatycat14,"I love this game! Yes, it is a tad different from the Gaunlet I played when I was younger but it's still the same concept and that's what I love about it!  I plan to play this game over and over again."
76561198019605793,Recommended,258970,12240109,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mallock,A great throw back game love what i have played so far and cant wait to get back to it...... so im going to stop talking about it and just play it =)
76561198078711281,Recommended,258970,12217329,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Travis E,Awesome just like gauntlet but 100x better!
76561198086318699,Recommended,258970,12233840,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,DanklyEgg,Guantlet is a great game but it does need some work it is only small mistakes that are easy to fix like not being able to remap the keys or when you try to find a public game most of the time you cant be the charactor that you want. I recomed this game but try to see if any of your friends will get it with you mine are cheep and would not buy it.
76561198033569495,Recommended,258970,12209550,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mr. Sir,This is an amazing sit down game that I would recommend for almost anyone. Buy it!
76561198071876292,Recommended,258970,12209620,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Andarta,More fun than a bowl of chocolate.
,Recommended,258970,12213154,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Moist Flapjacks,"Completed first run through normal co-op.  I had Valkyrie, friend had Elf.  Great fun and can't wait to get into the higher levels.  Wish there was a bit more enemy variety.I played around with Elf a little bit, and he's really fun.  Nice mechanical and gameplay style change from Valkyrie.  I messed around with Wizard, and he's really Magicka-y, which is great, but I didn't get into him enough to really have an opinion yet.  Then I started a game with Warrior...The Warrior class is weak compared to the others and just isn't fun to play after doing a run with Valkyrie and messing around with Elf for a bit.  Warrior could use a massive buff and/or re-design.  Valkyrie's power attack (Y on 360 controllers) is basically a combination of Warrior's charge and power attack except it's instant whereas the Warrior abilities take forever to charge.  Valkyrie's special move, the shield toss, functions and feels amazing to use.  Warrior's spin attack is cool-looking, but feels weak as it doesn't actually do much damage.  It feels like Warrior is missing an ability because his charge is so stupid and weak and requires a ton of space and time to use, and his power attack is single-target and has a horrible wind-up.  Warrior also has a terrible voice.Aside from the Warrior, my only other beefs are lack of enemy variety, heavy use/reliance on summoning portals, only 3 boss fights, and I feel there could be more variety with character customization.The game really shines in co-op as the classes are designed to synergize.  My friend and I had an amazing time running through the game with Thyra and Questor.  Questor is really funny, and it's fun to hear the characters interract with each other.  We'll be playing through the harder difficulties this weekend and I'm looking forward to any DLC or expansions that come out for this one because it definitely leaves you wanting more when you finish it."
,Recommended,258970,12215003,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zaph,"Just finished this game with some friends,all i gotta say, it was fun.First thing to talk about is gameplay, it's pretty tough, especially doing it on solo.You are able to use relics to do more destruction to enemies. Though it took me and my friends 6 hours to beat it, I'm hoping there would be DLCs, maybe new characters, maybe from Dark Legacy? Maybe more areas?now for some problems, theres some bugs that occur, sometimes the boxes that you have to move, randomly stops moving until you restart the area. Another thing, yes it's short, and could use more areas. This one thing that bothers me the most, is the classic setting in the graphics tab, it was like I was blind or something. Sad thing about this game, is that there can't be a same class in the same team, and plus needs more colors, more like the older games please.One thing to recommend to the developers, is that the Elf is very OP, they might wanna fix the Elf class so it can be balanced a bit.Pros:+Cool gameplay against hordes of monsters+4 player coop, even online+UpgradesCons:-Too short-Classic setting in graphics tab is very dumb-Needs more areas (and Dark Legacy characters please?)-Needs freedom to use same classes in the same team-Semi Buggy-Elf is very OP6 / 10It was fun, yet not very satisfied with it, if you like slaughtering a horde of monsters, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,258970,12215050,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,hesh,"Just beat the game on normal, and I've got to say, this game is awesome! They really did amazing at bringing back that co-op arcarde feeling that made the first game so much fun, while adding some new elements for an overall fresh experience. I highly recommend any action rpg fan pick up this game. For the best experience, grab some friends and get that four-pack, the game is like impossible alone. The only things im really disappointed in are how short the game is and some lesser balancing issues."
76561198006825242,Recommended,258970,12215093,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bash Arkin,10/10 would destory food enough.
76561197991269366,Recommended,258970,12215245,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Flying Egg Plant,THE BEST DUNGEON CRAWLER EVER!!!BUY NOW!!
76561198030479604,Recommended,258970,12217828,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Legeoma,"WHY IS MY GAME ON BRAZILIAN???? I'm portuguese, not brazilian and I WANT MY GAME IN ENGLISH!!! >.< can someone help me please???"
76561197982307829,Recommended,258970,12234321,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Warriorprince [HeroicGuy],"Great fun game, especially when played with Gamepad and 2 player co op.I never played the arcade version so this was new to me. The controls are easy to use, the gameplay is fast and the co- op modes makes it even better.I prefer 2 player co ops to 4, more action and better teamwork in my view.I used an Xbox 360 pad and the controls were easy for all characters except the Wizard which demands practice to master.The game obviously needs in game chat option [text] and more maps. New maps with different enemies will keep the game alive for many months.8/10...Brilliant ""Gamepad""  game, I recommend it."
,Recommended,258970,12236656,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ayedi,"Gauntlet's got that instant charm of a game you can just pick up and play, and being from Arrowhead, it's got that twinge of meta-humor to it.My first hour of gameplay had me and a friend in one map, him rushing around as the Warrior while I take my shots as the Elf. He is cornered and surrounded, mooks pooring in from all sides as he proves himself supreme.My carefully aimed shot however clips just the right side of the battle to an explosive barrel near him. He doesn't Notice.""AHAH! I LIVE! *Deafening Explosion* What I died!?""If a moment like that doesn't sell a game to you, I don't know what does."
76561198006853226,Recommended,258970,12237727,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Kalon Mortis,"Been playing for a few days now - It's obviously not the same as it was in the 80's, but it's still a lot of fun. Really shines when playing with a group of friends. Won't really go into the gameplay as it's pretty self-explanatory - hack up and try and survive in dungeons infested with mosters. Bosses are great fun and fairly tricky as the difficulty levels rise. Godd atmosphere etc. All in all - it's never gonna win an Oscar, but it certainly is immense fun....for how long remains to be seen, but for the decent pricetag, it's certainly worth it for a little nostalgia."
76561198022172238,Recommended,258970,12237739,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jamex,Played 5 hours threw a barrel where my friend landed and he blew up 10/10
76561197968843616,Recommended,258970,12240115,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Imba™,"Fun update to the arcade classic.  Looks easy,  but takes a bit of skill at the higher difficulty level.  Hard mode feels more like the arcade version and you will need to get some masteries (levels) for you favorite character to be any good for hardmode.  Addition of relics which you buy in the ingame shop make a difference to the game play and as you have to collect potions to use them you only get to use them a few time per level.Cheap and fun.  8/10"
76561198070941568,Recommended,258970,12244320,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,turbo killer,Very fun and addivtive. High skill cap on upper difficulties. Casual Friendly on normal. Lacking content as of now but hopefully will get more
,Recommended,258970,12253471,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,reuben.bute,I think this game is pretty cool! It sucks that most people leave a lobby before the game even starts so the most I have played with is three people including myself. That aside the game is simple and fast paced so an A in my books!
76561197991509710,Recommended,258970,12254858,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Triannix,Stop mucking around reading reviews.  Buy this game and play it~  :-)
,Recommended,258970,12258242,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,redwizard000,"A well made game that adds a nice spin to the classic while still retaining the original feel of the original games.That said, I do miss the classic sound track and wish that they had a remix of the original score. (If they do at some point I haven't heard it yet...)I particularly enjoy the Wizard character, though I wish I could change his color to red...I recomend the game to fans of the originals. 9/10"
76561198048390745,Recommended,258970,12262269,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ravenwing88,"Gauntlet is infamous to many old-school gamers. A four-player co-operative/competitive adventure in the dungeons, it's seen it's fair share of versions, from the original on the NES, to Gauntlet Legends on the Dreamcast and even further to Seven Sorrows on PS3 and Xbox 360.  But out of all of them, I respect this version the most. One rule that's vital to adhere to is a half-begrudging friend system. Share your food with your allies to keep them alive (or destroy it when they need it if you REALLY don't like them), but under no circumstances can you share your gold. Trust me, they wouldn't for you. It's a system that even best friends stick to, you CAN'T share gold, so while you're working together with your friends, you may be surprised to realise you're also planning for their demise or the next way you can steal gold from them.This is a fantastic revamp of a legendary game, Highly recommended."
,Recommended,258970,12267815,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Teeroy11,Going back to that old school Gauntlet alot of fun and great multiplayer.Must add
,Recommended,258970,12268768,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Razor Ramon,i've waited so long!.... does not dissappoint!
,Recommended,258970,12270008,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Neskuaxa,"My review of gauntlet so far.... The game brings something new to the franchise while still keeping the formula that I grew up loving from Gauntlet Legends, and Gauntlet Dark Legacy. Each of the four classes plays different in a dynamic way, along with no option to play the same class when playing multi-player, while some consider it a negative thing, I believe it helps keep the team you have balanced in the dungeons, no redundancy.** Warning Spoilers Ahead.**Each level is divided into three Acts.Act I - Standard, fun mobs, get loot, solve puzzles, the puzzle piece of this is the nice part, it keeps you thinking when you're fighting through hordes of enemies, rather than mindlessly pressing buttons.Act II - It is a race to the finish, whether it be an erupting volcano, encroaching darkness, or even Death himself. You are forced to keep on your toes.Act III - It's a hold out. Wave after wave of monsters swarm at you in a varied arena.Relics - Powerful items that allow you to use pretty sweet abilities. Ranging from super increased attack speed to summoning mirror images of your hero for increased damage and crowd control.Overall I would give the latest Gauntlet an 8.3/10. The only gripes I have with it, is it was no where near as lengthy that Dark Legacy or Legends. If there is ever any DLC for this game, I'd highly recommend they rebuild Gauntlet Dark Legacy Levels/story."
76561198080116012,Recommended,258970,12276310,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dev,"Gauntlet is an awsome game to play with your friends!If only they had a PvP arena, the combat is so awesome if you could PvP 1v1 or 2v2 ect. like on the zone where you pick the level you want to enter that would make this game 12/10."
,Recommended,258970,12277280,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mataphysical,This game is a blast with local co-op. My only gripe is that the puzzles are too simple and the boss fights are uninspired. Give FORCED(2013) a try to see co-op dungeon crawler puzzles done right.
,Recommended,258970,12279349,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kirrar,A very faithful remake of Gauntlet. It keeps things simple and is a lot of fun to play with other people.
,Recommended,258970,12280230,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dodo,"This is the first Guantlet Game that I have played. Coming from playing Diablo 3 extensively and Borderlands 2, and other rpg loot based games, this game is on a different class of game. It isn't loot based like most. You can get gold which can go towards different abilities, however it is mostly a classic old-school style hack n' slash game. If you want to relive the glory days of the '80's and '90's style of rpg dungeon crawlers, this is for you."
,Recommended,258970,12225280,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Komatchi,It brings back the oldschool gauntlet feeling. I played Dark legecy and this has the same feel but is a different game. Every class has different (not worse) controls with a controller so it makes them all very unique. So far it provides a real challange with everyone required to work with eachother. Like dark legecy this is is a hard game to solo and is much more fun to play with friends. I bought some of the microsoft wireless adapters for 360 controllers to windows (off amazon was the cheapest I found) and it works great. I would change a few things but I would still give this a 6/7 for a score.
,Recommended,258970,12227522,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Warlord5012,THIS GAME IS AWESOME  10/10
,Recommended,258970,12237687,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Rude Cookie,Fun arcade game 10/10
,Recommended,258970,12244926,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,jwzn82,An incredibly fun and addicting arcade game.
76561197971414927,Recommended,258970,12209074,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,HoleintheSun,"I did not expect much but this GAUNTLET turned out to be the remake I was wishing for since the original games. Great fun, easy to play, simple but still in depth combat system, good balancing. Every character has its own controller layout and plays differently, which is a very nice touch. It`s a favourite after first play."
76561198074791822,Recommended,258970,12235028,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,SethO,Great game to play with your friends.
76561197968640388,Recommended,258970,12245991,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[BDM] Genghiskron,"4 classic classes, 3 classic chapters with a central hub at the start of each game. Abilities are Shift, Space, and Right Click plus the ability to get 2 items bound to Q and E for extra powers. The game is fanastastic and very polished. I don't regret hyping myself up for this indie title. The art style is reminiscent of Magicka (same devs), but this has it's own zombie horde feel that really requires a good mindset and strategic positioning plus a good grasp of the class you're playing at the time. Overall I'd rate this a 7 or 8 out of 10 with a high replayability value. I'd like to try out survival mode soon and see how the random generated content comes into play. I am on Chapter 3 and then will start a Hard campaign and then eventually Unfair difficulty. Fun stuff!"
,Recommended,258970,12261761,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,C4xo0xY,Just like the good ole days!
,Recommended,258970,12230189,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,FURYofCURRIE,alot of fun if you like dungeon crawler games and if ur on my friends list buy it and play with me or you're a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,258970,12236668,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,RobotSpider,"This mostly plays like the original arcade version with updated features like unlockable powers/items and achievements. I was hoping for a little more of the over-the-top action and comedy of Dark Legacy, but it has its moments. The best comparison I can come up with is, it's Diablo III without the inventory or character management. Pure hack & slash (and cast). Good fun, but much better with a group than alone."
,Not Recommended,258970,12823600,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DesolationUSA,"Loved Gauntlet Legends, this sadly is even shorter then the last unbelievably dissappointing sequel (Seven Sorrows).  Grand total of 5 hours of gameplay and I already beat it, and that was WITH replaying what was apparently a third of it twice.  Granted it is a decent throw back, but not nearly worth what I paid for it.  Maybe buy it for ~$5 if you really love Gauntlet.  Otherwise avoid."
,Recommended,258970,12255234,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Playdo,Fantastic blast to the past
76561198052907170,Recommended,258970,12226581,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zanthalas,"Very action packed old-school in new-school style of top down view fighting.  Having played Gauntlet II many many years ago, this seems to really put it into a modern skin, and they have done it quite well.  If anything, it still feels very linear and the feel of mobs coming at you in a pressure for you to find the exit has diminished (at least in normal difficulty, this may be entirely different in Hard and/or Unfair modes).   The maze-like style of the dungeon is gone, it's more of a linear path, which is somewhat disappointing.  None the less, it still is well worth the $20.8.5/10"
,Recommended,258970,13653317,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ants in my Eyes Johnson,Played Gauntlet Legends on the Dreamcast. If you loved that you're bound to love this.
76561198062643678,Not Recommended,258970,13716300,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PoonMoon,"I really wanted to like this game but it is just not up to expectations.The orginal Gauntlet had a few key aspects to its gameplay that have not been adopted or translated in this remake.  The play is often way too 'fiddly' and detached.  It looks nice but all that polish has had a significant impact on being able to see yourself when playing with a group and being able to spot when someone is in trouble is often impossible with all the snazzy effects flying around.Crucially, there is no real feeling of group (why abandon the Blue, Green, Yellow elf / wizard / valk - G1 had grouping nailed by a simple colour scheme) just 4 individuals contrained by the same view of the play area bumbling through rooms.  In summary, lots of issues, not enough ups"
76561198142709753,Recommended,258970,18077704,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,potato,jygj
,Not Recommended,258970,12265035,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,shiro,I'd rather play the original.
76561198081540293,Recommended,258970,12253937,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SolarShadow,"Gauntlet is a very fun co-op game. It has a good mix of characters with a nice assortment of abilities and combat is fun, but can be bit overwhelming at times. In my opinion the overwhelming hordes of enemies make the combat really fun and furious. The game lacks any chat functionality. It is also very easy to lose track of your character on the screen. I have also had a few games where it ended abruptly, citing simply Connection Lost. In total the game is very fun and worth a purchase, despite a few issues and lacking chat features."
76561197969345026,Not Recommended,258970,24070816,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CygnusA,"I'm on the edge with this one. Its worth $5 on discount, but absolutely not $20. Take Diablo, strip out the good stuff. Simplify greatly. Then you have this game.  Character balance seems WAY off. I picked up two copies for my son and I for quick casual games.  It looks decent, but feels limited.  I'll continue to play this with my son on occasion, but I won't see myself spending a lot of time on it. I just can't recommend it.. but if you like easy to jump into clickfest type games and if its on a deep discount, go for it."
76561198007895597,Not Recommended,258970,15825198,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ganjaman,"can i refund this game,i played it and its not for me at al?"
76561198020110237,Recommended,258970,18080632,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Stevoid,"This game is great. If you're looking for good coop dungeon crawler style games that you can play with your friends, put this on your list of things to buy.Community is garbage though, full of elitest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, if you don't run at the right time you get threats or kicked, imagine CS:GO community.Other than the nasty weeaboo neckbeards it's a great game."
76561198131521159,Recommended,258970,23640493,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Los Kartel,I wish the characters were bigger but thats about itI give this a 6.5/10
,Recommended,258970,23645702,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Roundabout,Awesome!!!!The fighting is very exciting.
76561198078585596,Not Recommended,258970,23078495,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mr Fox,"The game is surprisingly small and lacking in content. I remember staying up for hours with my friends trying to get all the collectibles and unlockable levels in older Gauntlet games. This one is more arcade-y, with very few levels and just feels a bit of a waste of time."
,Recommended,258970,23094802,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Captain Longbeard,"I can kill my allies and take their gold.10/10, would chaotic evil again."
,Not Recommended,258970,17570606,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,VocalNinja,"The Slayer Edition has made some great changes that increase the replayability, some so-so changes that let you change your characters look for a price, difficulty changes that will prevent less-skilled players from ever playing this game without friends and some dog-dumb interface changes that make me wonder if they even ran this through a usability study.You now need controller 1 for EVERYTHING. Oh, you can still play by yourself with any controller, but as soon as you want to choose the next level or anything in the main hub you have to grab controller 1 again. Even logging into your WB account will require a keyboard to type username and password and, you guessed it, controller 1 to cycle through the fields and even click the submit button!I enjoyed Gauntlet when I bought it and hope to do so again, but for now the Slayer Edition feels like an alpha version in desperate need of some further testing an updates."
76561198042409365,Recommended,258970,31944467,Posted: 24 May,all,Kel-Tec,Great game. Love the mechanics and diffculty. Fun playing with some friends to kill some hours.
76561198305259656,Recommended,258970,31957755,Posted: 25 May,all,cyberclown00,A fun & cheap way to spend the day!
,Recommended,258970,31939987,Posted: 24 May,all,^ea†er^,Best Dungeon Crawler Ever.
,Recommended,258970,12267513,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,wessywes,Cracking piece of kit.
76561198047526968,Recommended,258970,25536409,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,one bit skull,Pretty fun game! I hope devs don't stop working on it for good.
,Not Recommended,258970,22512054,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lukarikate,no checkpoint
76561197979353861,Not Recommended,258970,12340288,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ghostlight,"I can;t recommend this game. Despite it being really fun to begin with and with some great-feeling intense combat, at the end of the day, this is NOT Gauntlet. The main problems with the game are as follows:1) The game is VERY short. 30-odd levels, most of which are VERY small and very similar - it will take you a mere 4 hours to see the entire game2) The levels are 100% linear - you move from one rectangular area to next, and you are stuck in each till you clear it; additionally, the keys you need are pretty much lying right beside the locked door :/ There is zero exploration here3) There is almost zero replay value once you complete the game4) Horrible class balance....the Warrior stinks, Wizard is OP noob mode etc etc - maybe deliberate?At the end of the day this should be a 5 or 10 dollar game, as you don't get very much for your buck. Really fun, but only for 4 hours."
76561198085473130,Recommended,258970,24717660,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bryan,Best game for my $$$! ENDLESS ENTERTAINMENT! Highly recommend this game for your collection.
76561198111050362,Recommended,258970,24771401,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Risty,"This is a very fun game! Every class feel exactly how I would want to play them; the warrior a berserking massive damage dealing invincible monster, valkyrie an agile defensive fighter with good damage and interesing tools that aren't so obvious at first, the mage a variety of tools at his disposal to deal with any situation, the archer kite kite kite and destroy spawners/enemies, the necromancer rising armies from the dead stealing souls and breaking everything! I've enjoyed learning each class to the best of my ability so far, it's fun to play solo or in a group, and most fun with friends. Once you get the hang of the game you can breeze through hard mode campaign mode (it's fun trying to complete these levels as quickly as possible imo) endless mode is always going to be difficult pretty much, and you've got plenty of stuff to do through achievements, which may not give you anything as a bonus to your character, but still bragging rights are always a thing.This game is actually quite difficult at first and it is a blast learning the best way to deal with any situation handed to you, you'll find yourself cornered, overwhelmed, challenged, and dieing a lot. But it's part of the learning curve, it's fun to go back and see how well you perform compared to when you first started and you can try and challenge yourself  to use weapons you're not used to.Overall i've spent 140 hours just about in 1-2 months just playing this game (slayer edition) and it has been a blast!The main reason this game has so many negative reviews is mainly because of an update (slayer edition) that change a fairly large portion of the game, classes, and overall appearance. I haven't felt like I am missing out on anything with this purchase. In my opinion if you like difficult games, give this game a go, even if your new or old to the gauntlet series this should be quite the blast!"
,Recommended,258970,25001333,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sub7,Dundun dundun dun dunDundun dundun dun dun
76561198008149534,Recommended,258970,25007529,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SlacK CaT,WOW I remember playing this game as a kid on SEGA Genesis.Highly addictive and just too cool to missYou should get this game - it so much fun to co-opGauntlet is awesome....8.9 out of 10 stars
76561198200162019,Recommended,258970,24720251,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,byron_myers419,"I picked up this game for my brother and myself during the steam summer sale.  I really enjoy playing this game because it combines classic elements of the original, along with elements from Gauntlet Legacy series, and new stuff.Slayer Edition is like a whole new game compared to when Gauntlet by arrowhead was released on PC.  Each character has it's own unique fighting style and abilities that can be customized as you collect gold or complete challenges.  The game is a typical hack and slash game and is great fun to play with friends.  This is also full of nostagia for those of us who burned through quarters playing this in the arcade.  I give the game 4 stars out of 5 because it can get a bit repetative,"
76561197989579424,Recommended,258970,24833482,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Erudite Incubus,"A bit repetitive, but plenty enjoyable for what it was at its initial price tag."
76561197970339840,Recommended,258970,12232221,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,illequine,"Great co-op fun. 4 difficulty settings, 4 classes to play, some bugs on launch but nothing terrible. Best played in a group, though there is a single player option too."
76561198066132202,Recommended,258970,20849282,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lenun,"Fun game, but not too many people playing it."
,Recommended,258970,21011361,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheDopplerEffect (SweetWater),10/10 would play again
76561198029740568,Recommended,258970,25060660,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,RenderedUnwhole,"I don't have too much time played but I recently got back into this game and it is a BLAST! Even solo, it is fun. It improves with a gorup, even strangers in public play."
,Not Recommended,258970,22246581,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[SAP] TheLazySamurai [SCRUB],Cheesy death chasing you makes the game infuriatingly stupid. Maybe if they had potions kill death like in the old games. I cannot recommend this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of the series.
,Recommended,258970,12242960,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,dboyleon,"Nostalgia at its best. Perfectly captures the arcade-style feel of the original 1985 Gauntlet, but with a more modernized gameplay style. Easily worth the relatively modest price of 20 bucks."
,Recommended,258970,33824402,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,holds up to it's name. lots of fun but you need friends.
,Recommended,258970,29130770,Posted: 8 January,all,"You're gonna go far, kid",Classic never gets oldGreat gameplayChallengingGood co-op
76561198083216906,Recommended,258970,17486216,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ferrahgo,best with friends
76561198073389550,Recommended,258970,23942922,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Super Roxxapo,The only thing I hate about this game is the voice acting. Fortunately I don't have to give this game a negative review as you can turn the voice volume all the way down and turn off subtitles. No need for any of it anyways.
76561198009205757,Not Recommended,258970,12222346,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,davidmaes,Can't change keyboard configuration (standard qwerty) nor do I see a setting to swap between keyboard and gamepad other than the initial popup...
76561198060844807,Recommended,258970,35095229,Posted: 20 September,all,Nicofiend,Red Wizard needs food... Badly!
76561198037643780,Not Recommended,258970,12649855,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ccnn24,might be fun if you could ever find a game.....
76561198120660539,Recommended,258970,16048295,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ethanos,"There's a difficulty level where the devs just apologize for making it so hard. That's the hardest difficulty. I have beat the game once on the easist difficulty. So, if you like hard games, then I think you will like Gauntlet."
76561198119008283,Recommended,258970,24131864,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Skankhunt42,"Feels good to be back!When you enjoyed this game on your C64 and in arcades back in the day, Gauntlet is for you. The game mechanics(fight demons, find gold and keys, get through the maze) of the original have been nicely polished and ported to the present, while the classic top-down viewmodel was kept. The online multiplayer seems to be dead by now, but it is still possible to play multiplayer locally.This makes Gauntlet a nice party game(e.g. for Halloween)."
,Recommended,258970,33867735,Posted: 28 July,all,Hardshot Dave,"Fun game to couch co-op with friends. Throwback to the oldschool arcade game series with new items and abilities to keep things interesting. It feels like a dumbed down Diablo or Torchlight, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. You can watch me and my friend co-op the first few levelshere. Would play again."
,Recommended,258970,29616607,Posted: 31 January,all,Raptomex,Check out our video review:https://youtu.be/ZL9Pi-ityIM
76561198007359627,Not Recommended,258970,35417259,Posted: 2 October,all,Tyson,"I picked up this version Gauntlet hoping to replay some of the great memories of Gauntlet: Legends or Gauntlet: Dark Legacy. Unfortunately I was underwhelmed. In my opinion the developers have taken an extraordinarily simple game and made it unnecessarily complicated. Not that the game isverycomplicated, justunnecessarily so. The game isn't bad, but it is not as easy to pick up an play as I remember it being.For example: the Wizard(""is about to die!"")used to be a ranged spell-chucker. He sat out of reach, and hurled magic balls at the enemies, and you hurt your hands trying to shoot out as many as possible in a given time.Now the Wizard has (count it)nine different spell typeswhich vary in range, casting time, and strength; and good luck remembering which one is which. Again, this isn't a bad mechanic in and of itself, but it isn't reminiscent of the arcade style of play that Gauntlet is famous for.Now, take this with a grain of salt. I haven't logged a huge amount of time in this game, and maybe I'm judging this a bit too harshly due to misguided nostalgia. These are only my opinions, but I didn't feel like this played like an arcade game of yesteryear."
76561197973091916,Recommended,258970,32011120,Posted: 27 May,all,Dendrazzik,"Well, was fun for 3.3 hours..worth 5$...thats pretty much it.."
76561198054700878,Recommended,258970,25553957,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,John Fkn Rambo,Great hack n slash dungeon crawler. Played many hours of this on NES & arcade when it 1st came out
76561198212671135,Recommended,258970,29761914,Posted: 7 February,all,Charx,I could eat this whole ham...
,Not Recommended,258970,30094294,Posted: 21 February,all,S7.RainbowDash,"An ok game, a shame tho, the nin64 version and the nes version are much better, this game feels like it lost is soul, more of a how many times can you replay the same exact♥♥♥♥♥♥that is easy and redondant even on the harder difficulty setting kinda game."
,Not Recommended,258970,33453955,Posted: 11 July,all,Rose,I really don't like how it feels. I actually played the old gauntlet a better version with infinite credits prob on some reselling on PS2 or something in some arcade collection and then I played Hammerwatch several years later which was basically Gauntlet but better.This is not Gauntlet but better. This is Gauntlet but worse. If you really want like a new and improved version of Gauntlet i'd get Hammerwatch because this really isn't like the old gauntlet and all the characters suck.
,Not Recommended,258970,27117894,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bustrodux,"Though the game is completely fantastic it's also quite horrible.!!!NOTICE!!! this is essentially a first impression based off the first 5 levels !!!NOTICE!!!Unfortunately i can't bring myself to giving this game an unbiased opinion upon comparing it to the older ones. i'm sorry, but i was misinformed about the game by people saying that it's just like the classics. though yes the description says ""completely new experience!"" i did question it, but was told that that was nothing to worry about and part of what made the game better, which ended up making the game more interesting rather than ""better"".-so you can change how your characters look and with said changes your abilities change with them but i wish you could be able to buy an item, and individually select which item and skill you wanted to use-Turbo bar has been removed and replaced with skills. though this brings newer ways to play the game i do miss being to use up the entire turbo bar to do a badass ultimate like skill-A lot of the exploration seems to be missing and replaced with jump pad like platforms and cracked walls which can only be broken by putting and explosive barrel in front of it, which can be blown up beforehand so you miss out on exploration because you made a stupid mistake rather than failing to do some secret stuff in a specific way-Death is no longer killable with skills and potions, instead you now have to run away from it until it temporarily disappears-any explosion, whether it be from barrels, skills, or potions all seem to do diddly squat-Monster Generators stay the same and always send out the same enemies through its entire lifespan + instead of being big, medium, small, dust they have a health bar and if you're melee (read below) you're pretty much guaranteed to lose some HP trying to take it down unless you sit back and let the ranged classes do the work-keys, potions, and food are no longer randomly findable items as well as there being enough keys for you in every level to open all locks, and only one type of potion-characters now have full lines when talking and they interact with what's going on and what they do such as eating food when on super low health, or another character dieing-has that hack and slash gameplay but that beat-em-up feel to itThe single most cancer mechanic of the game that caused multiple problems: (if you read this and decide to tell me to just not use a controller, you're a ♥♥♥♥ing heretic)-Valkyrie and Warrior are now melee: they try to make for the loss by giving them more health but that doesn't matter because you still have to keep your distance from the swarming amounts of enemies. not just that but i feel like i'm being forced to use a keyboard + mouse or get a trickshot controller because the claw method forces you to miss things completely. for instance, the valkyrie starts with a shield that can be thrown but guess what, the right thumbstick is to aim and the left thumbstick is to move, SO if i want to throw my shield at enemies meanwhile running away i have to take my right thumb off the thumbstick to press B, BUT since my character is running in the opposite direction and i'm no longer aiming the game just naturally makes the character turn in the direction that i'm running and throws the shield in said direction instead. but don't worry Archers and Wizards are excluded from such a thing, BECAUSE they automatically do their basic attack in the direction that they're aiming which the Valkyrie, dunno bout the Warrior, DOES NOT HAVE.Now why would you do this? D:-Archer is no longer femaleNo matter what you gotta give em credit for this-food can still be destroyed + the game calls out the person who did it XD"
,Recommended,258970,31310978,Posted: 22 April,all,Nakiami,The theme song of this game WILL get stuck in your head.U HAVE BEEN WARNED!Fun game for co-op or even local co-op.
76561198024761162,Not Recommended,258970,12211902,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rhysem,"Nonremappable key controls designed for right handers only? Really? It wouldn't be so bad if it'd recognise either the PS2 or PS3 controller, but it doesn't do that either. ""Press start to use controller""Got the controller working with DS3 Tool. You have to switch it to xbox360. Play is fun. Still can't recommend when you can't remap the keyboard."
76561198022969443,Not Recommended,258970,34091413,Posted: 7 August,all,brandenmdit,Its just so bland and it doesnt feel like anything you do matters. None of ther upgraded gear does anything. There is no levels and it just all feels like the same thing. Couldnt finisht it.
,Not Recommended,258970,33165878,Posted: 2 July,all,stormiesttub,Its not the Gauntlet you remember.
76561197970990952,Not Recommended,258970,12212662,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Joey Jojo Shabidoo,"pre-purchased the game a month ago only to have it not be playable , game starts , i see it in taskbar , but it wont come to the forefront. Bravo on this steamy pile of crap. 0 of 5 stars. do i get my money back? i doubt it... jerks"
,Not Recommended,258970,12260338,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TOG | Pugs,"Looks like it could be a good game.  However, it's currently unplayable due to the fact that you cannot rebind any keys.  Everytime I try to talk on TS, I throw my shield.  Effectively stunning myself and blowing a cooldown ability every time I try to talk in a cooperative game is extremely frustrating.  Not recommended before rebinding keys is patched in."
76561198251140420,Not Recommended,258970,29256730,Posted: 14 January,all,PIEMASTER,"This is basicely an oversimplified, unfinished, free to play game that they charged money for."
76561198054210750,Recommended,258970,12206018,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,mvminsurance240,Full controller support? False advertising. I have 4 unusable controllers now. Would be fun to play this game outside of single player mode with my  3 angry friends here.This game is fun... Made sure all my controllers worked and sensitivity is also fine. Apparently I need a specific type of controller for the game to detect. Very disappointed and hope they patch this soon!
76561198013924266,Not Recommended,258970,12983825,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Killdozer,"This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is an abhorrent, poorly-optimised cash grab. Avoid at all costs."
76561197970944747,Not Recommended,258970,13225543,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kalten,this game suck ultra donkey balls i hope the makers all died making this game
,Recommended,258970,12284715,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SGWORLDWIDE,"Pretty Cool, though not sure if its a keeper yet gets boring after awhile. Game is fun though and worth a try though i think it should be less $20 is steep for it."
76561198069893871,Recommended,258970,12266808,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Blazeshotz,If you want a kick back game this one to get. Plus it's 20 Bucks!
76561198097681521,Not Recommended,258970,12214209,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AlldayBj,i installed it and the game doesnt show up on my screen
,Recommended,258970,12207040,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ralelen,Wizard needs food badly!
,Recommended,258970,12212827,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GeoKnight,Gauntlet has always been an awesome series now heres another addition to its legacy
76561198003454835,Not Recommended,258970,19687300,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,impiribl,boring
76561198041903633,Not Recommended,258970,21798202,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CaptMidway,This is not gauntlet.
,Recommended,258970,12210097,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Pegged,10/10 makes me cry from my eyes
,Not Recommended,258970,15346653,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,OldProGamer,"WOW, play red nation, this is pretty dumb, and im the original gauntlet master....you can have my capes.."
76561198003973284,Not Recommended,258970,28150678,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,the_blue_ninja,"Maybe I would like this game if I could actually play with other people, but no one else I know owns it, and the game won't actually connect you to a random game for pick-up play.  Wish I could get my $10 back, because it's not worth soloing."
,Recommended,258970,12211721,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The Decider,"10/10 would buy againHas some issues at the time of this review such as no rebinding keys and weird resolutions, but the gameplay is solid gauntlet fun with friends"
,Recommended,258970,35257532,Posted: 28 September,all,Enfy,Fun game
76561198040203118,Recommended,258970,12208199,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Fabricio,Best game ever...
76561198094160638,Recommended,258970,12207345,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The Silver Shroud,"Ok seriously, if you like gauntlet enen a tiny incremental bit, you will love this game. There is every element of the best dungeon crawlers here and thats what a gauntlet game should be. This game is faithful to the franchise and surpasses expectation ( unlike 05's seven sorrows ) The game is ♥♥♥♥ing perfect. Buy it, this game is a steal at 20 bucks. Even if it were 50$ it'd be worth it. Seriously, so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun on co-op and still just as addicting in single player. I can't find anything wrong with this game, better than diablo 3.This is the best dungeon crawler in years."
,Recommended,258970,12206959,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,delisef,Lots of fun! great looking game.
76561198028016198,Recommended,258970,12207314,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,holystorm,Banging game. Get this.
,Recommended,258970,12206666,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,daman0005,"This game is a fantastic update for the old Gauntlet style games. It is NOT, repeat NOT, supposed to be like Legends, Dark Legacy, or Seven Sorrows. This is a reboot of the FIRST Gauntlet! The dungeon crawler one that was actually hard. They did a Phenominal job at recreating this game. It reminds me of the Classic like no other. From the arcade style music to the hack and slash style gameplay (except for Merlin cause he's a BAMF). The only problem I have with the game is it cannot be put into larger screen resolutions, such as 1920x1080. Look past that and you've got yourself a quality dungeon crawler to be enjoyed with friends."
,Not Recommended,258970,13098571,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,bronzeone21,Horrifically boring.
,Recommended,258970,12223180,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Quinn,"The one and only dungeon crawler is back and its on top form as it goes from easy which is basicly a mode which has kid gloves and the ""unfiar"" mode which will kick your butt so hard but this is what we want as the saying ""hard as nails"" is the way it plays"
76561198078515297,Not Recommended,258970,12213994,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,coacha66,Well seeing that i bought the game and it dosen't work i would say it fails to me expectations
76561198045285245,Not Recommended,258970,24438656,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ellipse,"Hahahaha, I bought this, hahaha.................................................................I bought this."
,Recommended,258970,12227801,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Yrahoz,"Having played this game when I was younger I knew what I was getting myself into. I really enjoy the fact that they went ahead and made one right on steam.  I have yet to encounter any bugs at all, even though the characters could use some rebalancing. The warrior seems easier tier than the rest of the characters but I had a few instances in which I got stun locked. Overall the game is pretty solid I am really enjoying it and I hope this review helped you, cheers!"
76561197970078168,Recommended,258970,12258731,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,hermetico,"Highly recommended.Gauntlet is back !!!.One of my favourite games of all times. If the original one was excellent, this new one respects the soul of the original one and goes beyond it. You even have the possibility to select the classic view (graphics) but, to be honest, I love the new ones!.It seems to me that this new retake is harder than the original one, at least, in single player mode.This is the classic game that will make you addict to. Hack & Slash at its best.What confusses me a bit is that every character has different controls but, at then end, there aren't so complicate that you cannot quickly learn them.Still not played the multiplayer side but, that was the most interesting and funny thing of this game: cooperation!. Probably, one of the first (and best) cooperative games ever."
76561198017146983,Not Recommended,258970,18738744,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,majdi7,"I never write reviews for anything but this game was so bad, so heart wrenchingly dissapointing, that it's going to get a horrible review. As a kid, I loved the original NES Gauntlet. Before this game was released, I was itching to get the game. I bought it only to find out I could not run it on XP. I planned buying an entire new computer just so I could finally play this game. After getting to Windows 10 and finally playing this game, here are the fundamental horrible injustices of the game.1. It's a grinding game. We finished the campaign on normal difficulty and barely have enough gold to buy 1 relic let alone upgrade it to level 2 (max is 3). There are 8 relics, 5 weapons, 3 talisman. Then there is a bunch of wardrobe stuff that is expensive and does nothing to help you. Of all the relics and weapons and talisman, you can only equip one of each category and the default seems to be the best. The descriptions are terrible so you don't know what you get until after you buy it and it's not refundable. So... fine, let's just play the game like the original... except even the achievements for the game, ""Kill 50,000 bad guys"" is just unreasonable. We finished the game and I haven't reached 2000 bad guys. And all of this is PER CHARACTER. To put it in sperspective, 9 hours = 2000 bad guys then do that 5 more tmes. I bought the DLC pack to get the new Necromancer and this game is so terrible, I don't want to even try it out.2. There is a terrible audio bug that completely crashes Windows. Windows 7, 8, and 10 have experienced it. First you lose audio completely in game, then Skype, then completely. Reboot fixes it... if you can reboot... This made everyone I play with rush for the uninstall button which is now totalling 5 players.3. Gauntlet didn't have much of a plot but the original 8-bit Nintendo had more plot than this game. The commentary is so cringeworthy that NAVI from Zelda 64 seems less annoying and makes problem 2 seem like a blessing.4. The worst part of the game is the actual game play. Bad guys spawn at a rate faster than you can kill them and you just get swarmed. Cool down abilities are too long, bad guys are over powered, and bad guys can shoot through obstacles and do 90% if not 100% damage in 1 hit. Food and Potions from the original game have really lost their value completely.This game is so terrible that I honestly would like a refund for the game. I truly regret this purchase."
76561197993276337,Not Recommended,258970,23032503,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,DaddyChillis,i would pay.. a dollar twenty five for this game... about a peanut butter and jelly worth of enjoyment.
,Recommended,258970,12218700,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,krizdingus,"Fun, charming, and challenging."
,Recommended,258970,12214269,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Chaonix,"I am somone that hates hack and slash games....but this....I like! Maybe it's the nostalgia. I used to drop alot of quarters into the original. The game's score is very immersive, the graphics are fantastic and the challenge level is high. Well worth the $20!"
,Recommended,258970,31775189,Posted: 15 May,all,deboma,fun fun. i like violence blood and also gore
76561198209079220,Recommended,258970,25530231,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,George GR,Very goog game!!!!
76561198093592161,Not Recommended,258970,16140891,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,db_smooth,This game is just awful
76561198052655496,Recommended,258970,12213038,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Stormwynd,I started the game and was placed on a platform where I was to kill monsters with each hero starting with the warrior.  30 minutes later I was switched to fight with the shield chick.  NO way am I gonna kill monsters on a stupid platform for 30 minutes with each hero for 2 hours just to get past the first mission!  I was bored in 30 minutes and turned it off.Update.The next day I realized it was a confusing tutorial and when I really thought about how to pass it I figured it out and I only had to play each character for a few minutesI really love this game now but the tutorial was a really bad experience for me.  I hope they make it more simple.  Just a few more pop up paragraphs would of helped.
76561198026276502,Not Recommended,258970,12370193,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Commend Please!,This game is boring as hell. i loved the original but it is just bland and uninspired.  i could have made a better game than this in 5 minutes. added new classes or unique more original power ups.. i most CERTAINLY would not have given EACH class the exact same relics. cmon really?the warrior is just awful design. whoever project managered this game should be immidiately replaced with someone who knows good game design.
76561197965688105,Recommended,258970,35319988,Posted: 29 September,all,Sycogenesis,"Great game, loved everything down to the animations etc i enjoyed it. i only have a few complaints that could of made the experience better. like some of the fights were so simplistic an autofight would of been really good, Having the non voiced cut scenes  play automaticly instead of me having to constantly hitting space would of been love. There was something else but i forgot but other then that i love Darksiders n had a blast with this  def suggest this. I  will say this if you aren't used to turn based games the combat might be a lil slow to you or repeititve"
,Recommended,258970,12223979,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,funkyjustie,"its so fun, if you play multiplayer or singleplayer ther both fun but i like multiplayer more. its a great multiplayer game with friend running around and killing stuff.all the items and unlocks give it the 1980's version did not had its so fun if you liked the old version you will like this one. its worth the money !"
76561198070494435,Recommended,258970,30254632,Posted: 28 February,all,Generic_lee,Such an amazing game
,Recommended,258970,12232917,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,🍔TekNiko🍟,I ate all the food 10/10
,Recommended,258970,18998758,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Danté,Very nice game and a nice twist on the arcade classic but what happened it seems no one plays this game anymore. A real shame to be honest. Apart from lack of players dungeon hack n' slashing never gets old. 8/10.
,Not Recommended,258970,25235291,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Alkxzv,Very repetitive. They also promised a SteamOS version and never delivered.
76561198054142546,Not Recommended,258970,12211193,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,devestaterdawn,"I am so disapointed in this game. I excprcted more from the game. No keymapping, No spell discripts. I dont care if key mapping is coming soon. It should have been there from day 1. This is 2014 get with the standard. Yeah I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wasted my 20 bucks. Could have saved up for something else."
,Recommended,258970,12205928,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ZuronD,My friends and I used to stay up late playing Gauntlet Legends.  This game lives up to it.
76561198147819749,Not Recommended,258970,26649090,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,pgronie,games sucks. there is death in every other level. and you can not kill it. makes a good fun game in to a chore. this game has no depth. the WB totally failed with another franchise
,Not Recommended,258970,25934910,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GreenJelly MIC,"Joined ONLY game beign played.  2 people in it.  Hadn't played in months, got kicked.  Game is pretty dependent on the Multiplayer to be fun.  Sadly another game is crap."
,Not Recommended,258970,25169997,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Revize,"good for about 15 minutes and then you realise there's no inventory or anything like that. go play balders gate dark alliance instead, trust me"
,Not Recommended,258970,33933966,Posted: 31 July,all,Farshad,It's OK... but not really work playing.  Or paying for :)
76561198040474424,Not Recommended,258970,26491160,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,alexmatey,"I enjoyed the original coin-op game, but I am really sorry that I paid for this.When I die in the campaign I have to start from the beginnig.When I look for a multiplayer game, there usually isn't anybody. The one time I found another player, I must have looked too much like a noob and he booted me before launching the game.Really not fun like the original was.I played it some more, since writing the above. I managed to get into some more multiplayer games, but I just get kicked. Maybe it's because I'm a noob, but if you just bought this game, you will be too.This game sucks. Don't buy it."
76561198022721027,Not Recommended,258970,25643913,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,bagwelljarrod,do not buy its crap
76561197983195058,Not Recommended,258970,13008300,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,chigers_30,boring lacks involvement horrible controls
,Not Recommended,258970,24510985,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Minimum Tomato,It's just bad.
,Recommended,258970,12207365,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Treygone Martin,"It plays great and I think it'll be nearly perfect when the scrubs drop off and only the hardcore have stuck around.  Trigger happy archers destroy your food, and the warrior is more worried about gold than the quest at hand but both of them drop off before long because they clearly don't understand what they're doing or why they are doing it.  Now it's me, the valkyrie, and john-lee's-scrotum (or something like that), the wizard, and we got in to a really good groove and made it through about 5 floors which was hella fun but then the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drops at the start of the next floor and, rather than giving me ownership of the party and allowing me to continue, the game kicks me to the main menu.  I wasn't given a progress report like I would have had I finished playing a single player game, it was treated more like an error than anything even though the developer should have seen it coming and I hope they fix it up in the future.  If you have 3 good friends get the game right now and if you don't then lol you fing loser"
76561198001479225,Not Recommended,258970,29243200,Posted: 14 January,all,d[-_-]b,"Do not buy this game, the key bindings are locked for controller and keyboard, its not mouse and keyboard friendly, when using wasd to move around the character freezes regularly. lots of Warner brothers gimicks. save your money. i played the orginal when i was younger and was hoping soooo much for this new version. the game and the game play look above average but tooo many things♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off before i got to play"
,Recommended,258970,23743150,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dubkofficial,Words cant describe this game...
76561198111924507,Recommended,258970,12206264,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cal_Unbreakable,"I love all the Gauntlet's, especially ""Legends"" and ""Dark Legacy."" This game pretty rad for this time in age and now it brings back old school button mashing to kill off all the enemies but this game is quite a challenge on a lot of levels. The controls are set up really well and you have more than just one attack you can do as well as specials 10/10 ^^"
76561198007031805,Recommended,258970,12206078,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MrThor,well play a little and im loveing it play all the old ones and this one is just as good
76561198051708784,Recommended,258970,12206419,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Chopin Flambo (Elad),"I bought this expecting much like the old Guantlet and received more than I expected. Level design is very nice. the abailites for each character are fun and unique and I honestly can't remember that last time my excuse for ending a phone call was ""Sorry man I'm playing Guanlet I have to go."""
76561197999736026,Not Recommended,258970,12229333,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,???,"Abysmal. Nothing like the classic or any of its sequels, controls poorly in any configuration and lacks any of the charm or qualities that made the old gauntlets fun. A cheap cash-in on our nostalgia that I have unfortunately fallen prey to. Not worth the twenty bucks. not worth ten if it's 50% off."
76561198098028979,Recommended,258970,12206431,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Soulfire,How do you claim the pre game-order equipment?!
,Recommended,258970,12207818,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Apparati,Nostalgic hack and slash dungeon crawler.
,Recommended,258970,12215062,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Vivacious Man,GOTY 2014
,Recommended,258970,12261785,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Squigibo,"I have two different aproaches to this game.  Is it ""Fun""?  Yes    Is the content enough?  No.   I find this to be a casual game and nothing more, but to really get the good stuff, you have to grind out the chapters.   Furthermore, you can have four chapters completed, and then the game will crash and you loose pretty much everything since the start of the story.The classes seem rather unbalanced, with the Archer being the FOTM,  The Wizard is a conveluted button push combo system which gets in the way of the immersion.    It's fun, for a while, then you have to play something else, then come back.  Long sessions tend to get very repetative.  Don't think it's worth the price, but should be $14.99 at most."
76561197992149348,Recommended,258970,25518311,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ki11man,Awesome fun!!!!!
76561198046675266,Recommended,258970,18284025,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dustin,"I bought the ORIGINAL GAUNTLET. Almost beat the original Gauntlet. Now with this ""NEW UPDATE"" this game is called Gauntlet: Slayer Edition and I lost my old progress. Why not have both versions playable??Amazing game just like the original on Nintendo (NES). Except no timer and much better visuals and gameplay!9/10"
76561198048421612,Not Recommended,258970,35320083,Posted: 29 September,all,onesownpride,"looks like my old post got deleted some how, i'll say it again it a nice game but it gets old quick it just the same stuff and levels, few boss battles and nothing ""wow"" which it seems this era of games seem to  have , i aint sayin this game is like others and the gut stuff to make dlc but if you all think for a moment  our games seem to lack content and we have become it, but back to the history i know once midway went bankrupt in 09  and warner got it from them it seems they tried  to make it like the classic  it nice and all but there not much here, they said they arnt updating it no more so it is what you get which aint much ive played many hours on the 64 and ps2 which my only cripe of the ps2 was that sony didnt incorp to save ur items which made it feel bit empty,,they should of made it like how gauntlet was on the 64 it was a great game, the 64 in particular  you was able to save all your items, and all the realms and the  easter eggs of the new characters, it was  fun as a kid /preteen, i always wondered what happened to shame they got it i  don't think they ever make it form glory even that said the atari arcade is better and longer then this one,  im disapointed to be honest i would only buy this on sale,, ps warner don't delete my comment next time it wrong i'l be screen shotting this this time.FINAL note buy on sale, it  worth the sale price and lastly for the idiot whole felt it ness. to say 0.0 on records please look before saying dumb crap you just look stupid i actually have about 6 hours which is about the amount of time playing with my friends took to come to the conclusion this is what it  is i had more fun on rampage knights, shame to they aint updating it anymore either."
76561198144263025,Recommended,258970,33977100,Posted: 2 August,all,Adiel,Please add me to your friends I want to play this game oneline.
76561198062229681,Not Recommended,258970,29607564,Posted: 31 January,all,gabriel_chapd,total♥♥♥♥♥♥worst no brainer
,Not Recommended,258970,12207596,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Deresius,"Not really a Gauntlet game at all. Feels beat em' up ish, like Dungeon Seige 3. I wanted it to be like Gauntlet Legends, but i guess there's really no contest. Leveling isn't by experience, it seems to be only in rewarding failure like shooting food or taking damage. There's no pick a color, and there are only 4 classes with very strick/unflexible abilities. I wanted the casual Robotron controls and flying axes everywhere, and instead we got a pretty streets of rage. You get very little health, on normal like 3 hits, instead of massive number counts. The graphics went very cartoonish. The Monster spawners work completely different, they summon 5+ in waves at a time and take a ton of powered shots to destroy, and are found in fewer numbers. The introduction to Death was irritating to say the least. They game doesn't feel fast paced at all, the character's move slowly, and the whole thing just feels sluggish. Very upset with my money spent. You can't just have an announcer say ""Elf needs food badly"" and call it a gauntlet game."
,Not Recommended,258970,12210993,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,☠ COSMIC ☠,Cant change the keys the way I like them. Bummer. Game looks good but when I cant change the keys to the commands I like take the fun out of it. Gauntlet please let me set my own key binds. I dont see why some games do this.
76561198345201161,Recommended,258970,31614865,Posted: 7 May,all,Sharkski,very good game just wich it was longer
,Recommended,258970,16986595,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Casual,Solid remake.....really enjoying it... Well done
,Not Recommended,258970,12709689,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,xenimusplayer,not happy with this game purchase at all.
,Not Recommended,258970,32695146,Posted: 23 June,all,Nomnoms The Blue Cat,Every Gauntlet™ game befor this one was better.
76561198012481718,Recommended,258970,12285994,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Bob,Great fun.
,Recommended,258970,19946986,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nugget,"hey, that's pretty gud"
76561198000182752,Not Recommended,258970,12226439,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,yanny,dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy this pos
,Not Recommended,258970,30345327,Posted: 5 March,all,Snowtrain,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥on keyboard and mouse its a pass
76561198003608257,Not Recommended,258970,34315813,Posted: 17 August,all,·º˜Å†å®åx¡å˜º·,"Locked the camera to your slowest team mate was a horrible experience, thanks for the buzz kill."
,Not Recommended,258970,34732862,Posted: 4 September,all,Tympanista,"The elf's ""HOOP DAAA"" sound he makes when he rolls does not play in sync for all players in co-op. The character sounds are randomized between game clients. 2/10 Decent gameplay, Kinda short."
76561197965628046,Recommended,258970,12205945,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bozgore,"Only played for a bit, but this is definitely the Gauntlet i know and love. Can't wait to get back from work and play some more. Very nostalgic, very fun."
76561197961181274,Recommended,258970,12264993,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Suredeath Hellman,"This game is a blast, the different classes are more than just mashing buttons. All kinds of skills that reward accuracy, and good reflexes. Add friends and you've got a fun night of gaming."
,Not Recommended,258970,26440101,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Make America White Again,The control scheme sucks and you can't remap your keys.
76561198071219617,Not Recommended,258970,19183116,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,GYMMER,no leveling = fail
,Not Recommended,258970,12226030,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Asphalt,Rating: 5.5 out of 10Genre: Action RPGThoughts:
,Recommended,258970,12266104,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[BBB] Justice,░░░░░░░▐█▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀█▌░░░░░░░█▐▓░█▄░░░░░░░▄█▀▄▓▐█░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌
76561198116659822,Not Recommended,258970,32559562,Posted: 19 June,all,Fowler,this game gets really boring after a while
,Not Recommended,258970,30594740,Posted: 18 March,all,GrassMudHorse,"This game automatically adds a random rush timer once you start it and forces you to complete one chapter within 10 minutes or so before it crashes to desktop. I like the mechanisms in the game and the graphics are quite pleasing; I hope I could enjoy the game, but... The developer has stopped supporting this game so there wil be no fix for me.I'm playing on Win 10, i7 4790k, gtx 980, 16G RAM, so it is not my rig's fault."
76561198103829464,Recommended,258970,12205914,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BgDgSr75,lots of fun !!!!!      wish controls were easier to use fingers are getting in each others way.
76561198012089583,Not Recommended,258970,12206531,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tikkamasala,FFS yet another game with fixed keyboard controls :(
,Not Recommended,258970,19634272,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,KrudlerTheHorse,"This game is indeed true to it's arcade roots and represents a great way to have up to 4 players in a local co-op match.Each of the 4 characters (and a 5th if you pay to unlock it) has a unique method of play, meaning that even in a single-player setting, there should be a degree of replayability.But the killer negative aspect is that the game does not play very well using the Steam Controller.  The Steam Controller's right track pad acts as the ""right joystick"" which is used for power-attacks and it works in combination with the A, B, X, Y buttons.  However the buttons are very difficult to press in conjuction with trackpad, making essential attacks difficult during basic action scenes and essentially impossible when the game gets hectic.If you are using a controller that has an actual physical right-joystick, and not just a trackpad emulating one, this game would probably be worth the minimal cost."
,Not Recommended,258970,12208341,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Horror,"It's okay I guess, but not really something I'm going to be dieing to continue. There are enough small issues in the game to stay annoying, especially with trying to play with friends.It's a fair warning to let everyone know that the game reccomends a controller, and it isn't kidding. The keyboard controls are not able to be changed either, so you should use your controller."
,Not Recommended,258970,12232209,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Swag Lord Prime,0/10 literally the worst gauntlet game in existence. DO NOT BUYacutal value: $0.99
,Recommended,258970,12211503,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Paradise Decay,A non-biased quick look @ the game:(Slayer Edition)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPjuDy3tMSQSimply Superb! - Better than the original!
76561198124318148,Not Recommended,258970,29326530,Posted: 17 January,all,Berticus,it is a boring game it takes so much time to play
76561198136949961,Not Recommended,258970,12208132,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ad222214,Cant get the game to work. It is on my task bar down at the bottem but it will not come up. I was excited about playing the game but as of right now I can't play it. I can still here music playing and see the start up screen. So far i've redownloaded it and still can't get it to work....
76561198032376415,Not Recommended,258970,12206783,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The Rock God,"According to the date in the corner of my desktop, the year is currently 2014.This game does not allow you to rebind the awful keyboard controls.In 2014.The developers have posted that rebinding will be added soon. Whenever that is. For something that should have been in the game, and people on the forums had been wondering about.Was really looking forward to this game, having pre-ordered it as soon as I heard about it. Not being able to change the keybinds makes it basically unplayable for me."
76561198010209253,Not Recommended,258970,12208295,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,mooncats5,"I was really excited for this game when I first heard about it - my friend and I were playing Hammerwatch together awhile back but were left wanting something a bit more polished and dynamic. So why not just go right to the source, right?I downloaded and played it as soon as it was available... only to find that it's a bit of a glitchy mess. The sound skips when in the actual dungeon areas (everything runs fine on the title screen and in the shop), the frame rate is pretty bad overall (even at the lowest settings), and I've already had the game crash on me after just a few minutes playing through the first area. Furthermore, not only can you not re-map your keys on your keyboard (there are no control options whatsoever), but the game doesn't recognize my controller - forcing me to use an emulator to make it think it's an X-Box controller (though admittedly not that big a deal, it's still kind of annoying. And then I found out my controller is aparently broken. Great.)Speaking of which, the game is pretty hard - but it feels even harder playing with keyboard controls. I can't get used to using Shift for important skills like Dodge Rolling and Wizard Spells... I'd much rather be able to use my number keys or, well, anything else.Another annoyance is accidentally unlocking closed off areas that I didn't mean to all because I was trying to kite enemies on the Elf. Pressing F to open doors would have been nice. Just sayin'.Of what I've played of the game, despite all the rough edges, it seems fun. It's an unforgiving game as well - which is good! I like a bit of difficulty (though I wish the controls didn't factor into it).Overall, you might want to wait for them to patch this game... which I hope they do soon! As it stands it's really, REALLY hard for me to stand playing it for more than 30 minutes. With the sound off, of course."
,Not Recommended,258970,12210017,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Robdoggierob,27 crashes back to back.  DO NOT buy this game.  I repeat.  DO NOT purchase this game.  Buggy as hell when I did play and does not launch 99% of the time.  I will try again in 6 months.  Figures that it runs like crap on launch day.*EDIT* 10/6/14Controller support is buggy at best.  It works for a few mins and stops working.  This game seems to be pretty broken from my exp thus far.  When it works it seems to be a very good game.  But it is FAR FROM bug free.  Do not waste your money on this game until these issues are smoothed out.  Total waste of money at this point.
76561198031014905,Not Recommended,258970,25556458,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,mhtxusa,"They took the 4 gauntlet characters from the arcade game in the 80s, and kept the weird rules.   Like don't shoot the food.    Then they stole everything else from Diablo 3.    LITERALLY.    The graphics, the atmosphere, everything.   Don't buy this game, just go play Diablo 3."
,Not Recommended,258970,12206879,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dusk,"Do not buy this if you love Gauntlet on Nintendo 64.  Its button mashing game, which gets really boring that fast... Or is it just me..."
76561198064025833,Not Recommended,258970,12207750,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Let's Get High,I was having so much fun up until the 4th floor of the first level. The game then started glitching like crazy. Visual and particle effects flooded the screen with unintended colors and at some times blocking out my view entirely for minutes at a time. I cannot reccomend this game until that is fixed.
,Not Recommended,258970,28816064,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MuckDuck,"My wife and I played 2 hours of Gauntlet. We spent most of the time trying to beat the 2nd level... SECOND LEVEL!! ON EASY!! It sucks that games difficulty wasn't balanced well. There were a few other things that weren't very intuitive about how it was setup. Controls and gameplay were very simple but things aren't explained very well (or sometimes at all)We co-oped this and couldn't get past the second level. The first level was a breeze and we played a few times just to collect money so we could buy upgrades. But the upgrades cost between 25k up to 80k or so. Most of the upgrades are between 40 and 75 it seemed like. With each run, you would get between 2k-10k if you were lucky.  If you died, you got nothing. In the second level, you had to run from Death who would pop in and out and chase you into a locked room with a bunch of guys. If death touched you, you died immediately. Sometimes you could come back to life, sometimes not. We didn't know what determined it. Then sometimes you didn't come back to life right away but somehow did a few minutes later. Within the locked rooms were a flood of baddies all coming after you...while death chased you in circles around the room till death disappeared for a little and you could kill guys...until death came back again.All the characters were very simple controls except for the wizard who had confusing spells. Like if you had the fire spell on, you pressed space space for one spell, or space then left click for another, or space then left shift for another... but then the ice spell was shift shift or shift click of shift space. Everyone else was left click or right click, space bar or left shift. One button controls."
,Not Recommended,258970,31868273,Posted: 20 May,all,Overclock,"Mediocre garbage gameplay, however art and graphics are alright. If you are expecting something like Gauntlet Dark Legacy, look elsewere."
,Not Recommended,258970,23841789,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LoudMan,"Absolute trash. It's so filled with bugs that it did not even shut down properly my first time playing it, racking up over 20 game hours and now I can't even refund it. I'm sure the devs put that in there as a failsafe because they knew it would save them from a couple refunds so they can hold onto your money with their greedy little saugage fingers. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,258970,33029747,Posted: 30 June,all,MikoWilson,Yeesh.
76561198028644440,Not Recommended,258970,32024060,Posted: 28 May,all,Ravax,"Besides the graphics, this game is HORRIBLE...can barely see your character and control options are a joke...Uninstalled and demand a refund"
,Not Recommended,258970,12209086,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zodameth,Cant join mid game? ridiculous. Should have known Warner Bros would ♥♥♥♥ it up.
76561198021333479,Not Recommended,258970,12206722,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ANARCHY99,Cant get screen to expand! Can anyone help?
76561197970462109,Not Recommended,258970,12207907,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,DOCSLAUGHTER,All four players have to be on the same screen...
76561197976095709,Not Recommended,258970,28946615,Posted: 2 January,all,b.wright77,"disappointing, disappointing and disappointing"
,Not Recommended,258970,35358558,Posted: 30 September,all,Fingers,I'd rather play Torchlight.
76561198037788005,Not Recommended,258970,32003455,Posted: 27 May,all,Waffle Maker,"Game was on sale so I purchased, game is unplayable on Windows 10.  Upon launch nothing displays but the cursor and audio. Searched around and nothing anyone suggested made it work.  Garbage save your money."
76561198079105249,Not Recommended,258970,31894650,Posted: 21 May,all,RustyJimmies,"The controls are terrible. If they would fix the control scheme to be more similar to other top down RPG's I think there's potential here, but as is this game is not worth it."
76561198327700080,Recommended,258970,31926793,Posted: 23 May,all,Foot_Thunder,.
76561197963706093,Not Recommended,258970,30247763,Posted: 28 February,all,Barthalonious Monk,Meh.
,Not Recommended,258970,35383888,Posted: 1 October,all,SCH101288,官方中文没有！自己打汉化也打不上！   I NEED CHINESE！
76561198079646721,Not Recommended,258970,23768746,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nesmuelm,this game ruined my pizza and whiskey buzz... thumbs WWWAAAYYY down
76561198002561854,Not Recommended,258970,32033505,Posted: 28 May,all,Xx_Asian♀With♂Big♥Penis_xX,"Bought this because I expected the same feels from the N64 Gauntlet Legends, boy was I disappointed.Especially at the character selection where I came to realize that this was Dickfest where there's absolutely no female chars.The set up feels too cheap and dark and less colorful than the other gauntlets, the spells combinations  and other skill arent a bad idea but cycling through them everytime is pretty annoying. Atari/midway should've continued with this series. It's too bad they went towards the bankruptcy route and instead handed  off the game to what seems like a bunch of developers who likes a party full of sweaty muscular bros.They went too far back and picked the wrong version of Gauntlet to reboot."
76561198080736152,Not Recommended,258970,30305659,Posted: 3 March,all,A Mantis!,not gud
76561197975494712,Not Recommended,258970,31927934,Posted: 23 May,all,poodlecorp,It's buggy. I could attack South using Valkeryie. It's makes to hard to play.
76561198273254344,Not Recommended,258970,28457935,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,night4,"This is AIDS, especially for the price.  Avoid."
,Recommended,258970,12204970,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ArchAngelz,OMG BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER GET IT ITS WORTH IT FOR THE 4 PACK
76561198083522952,Recommended,258970,12205376,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,billyblazin12,i wanted to write the frist review for this game so i did XD. P.s i like this game as much as i like puppies
76561198005326560,Recommended,258970,12205183,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mattahew,Halfway through installing I threw up all over my desk 10/10
,Recommended,258970,30418285,Posted: 9 March,all,donkey tron,"gauntlet SE is great, but i'm still hoping that someone at arrowhead hid the 1988 classic somewhere behind a locked door in one of the endless dungeons.8/10, due to the lack of mazes, and the representation of death.."
,Recommended,258970,30475397,Posted: 12 March,all,Oreoes,"Rather well done and it feeds the nostalgia that I had with my old Gauntlet experiences, both the good and the bad. Like any Gauntlet game, keep your eye on who you are and what's around you. Because as you tunnelvision that summoning stone, the one orc you failed to kill is knocking your health to ribbons from behind.My only complaints are being unable to run the same character as someone else, albeit of a different color like you could in other Gauntlet games. As well as the ever annoying stretching of the camera, as your resident Valkyrie runs herself to a corner to permanently shieldblock, leaving you and others limited in your movement...heaven help you if you cannot get around an obstacle because of this.SKORN TAKE YOU, DAMNABLE VALKYRIE!But all in all, the most criminal of complaints, is as others themselves have said. The Campaign is by far, too short. This isn't to say you won't have a blast my dearest dungeon dwellers of all types. Just that I wish there were more adventures to be had in the unfathomable depths......OF THE GAUNTLET!P.S: Always remember to shoot the life saving food of the player who stole your crown. They'll be dead soon, and once more, it will be yours! HAPPY TRAILS!"
,Recommended,258970,31011880,Posted: 8 April,all,itzmahbirfday,10/10 bought it as a joke but it was seriously a good time
76561198052373347,Recommended,258970,17216742,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Monkeyofthefamily,"It's a good throw back to the original Gauntlet, it was a little to short and the story was predictable, but over all I enjoyed it.  There is quite a bit of grinding you have to do to play the game on your own, but I didn't mind."
76561198057770140,Recommended,258970,17261344,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Scalpa,VERY GOOD GAME THE CONTROLS ARE AWESOME AND 4 class to pick up.
,Recommended,258970,17270715,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,PunisheR2404,"This game is awesome, BUY IT!I loved the original Gauntlet games, I really was a fan of Gauntlet 64. This is a great dungeon crawler to play with friends and stranger and alone. It's the one that  really started it all. The remake it excellent in my opinion. Visually pleasing, game play functionality is painless, and the re-playability factor is high enough to warrant a purchase. PLUS, there are achievements and cards and hours and hours of fun ahead of you! Go for it, submit to the gauntlet!"
76561198040804434,Recommended,258970,17273233,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Salsa,Blast from the past!
76561198120502604,Recommended,258970,17246922,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Keitarooo,"Gauntlet spirit inside....Great game, great controls, great graphics, everything is great :)Play it coop (online/local/both) and NOT solo !"
76561198009999045,Recommended,258970,17013142,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sundown,"I would highly recommend this game, its addictive and great fun to play."
,Recommended,258970,17044846,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,PatsDark,"Fun to play with friends, and also an excellent shoot the food simulator."
76561198014445157,Recommended,258970,17053914,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,OneEyedWookie,"The game is fun, but the video/graphics mess up a lot"
,Recommended,258970,17060024,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gen_Tso,"When it works the way it should, Gauntlet is a great update to a classic game. The different characters offer different play styles, and when combined in co-op complement each other. Each section of levels has a certain style, with different types of enemies and a variety of challenges to keep things interesting. The formula is simple: Kill monsters to progress through dungeons and grab as much gold as you can on the way. Your score for each level goes toward unlocking and upgrading bonus abilities for your character, and you can spend gold to purchase new armor and items to use. The game is a bit short, but has high replay value and is a great way to kill a couple hours with friends. Unfortunately, the game can be buggy as hell. Many people can't get it to run at all, and others have experienced constant crashes and glitches. Keep that in mind before you purchase. You may have to do a little work to get the game to run smoothly, but once you do, there is a lot of fun to be had."
,Recommended,258970,17070499,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,i don't know what i'm doing,"you need at least 2 more friends to play this game in local multiplayer, if you can't, just don't buy it.but if you do have friends to play this local, is one of the best games you can findextra points if you played the original arcade games"
76561198025709297,Recommended,258970,17026642,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Uthren,This is great game. Some people complain about the short campaign and lack of variety which is understandable but the actual game-play is lots of fun. Mastering the different classes makes the game challenging and is especially great for co-op and multiplayer. I really like the humor in the game as well.
76561197961057415,Recommended,258970,16970762,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ŴildCard,"Like all gauntlet games its best played with friends, so they can shoot the food for you."
76561197972395749,Recommended,258970,17443819,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,[ЯтR] Lt. leviticus1 (Ret),A nice dungeon crawler.  Half the time I have no idea what is going on but sure is fun!
76561198040149208,Recommended,258970,18816604,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,jamesnerdlinger,"Very enjoyable Hack N Slash, particularly multiplayer destroying turkeys always sad."
76561198044735878,Recommended,258970,18943208,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Crythulm,This game is worth it for the Co-op it can be a lot of fun and make you rage everytime you shoot that food you wanted to eat.
,Recommended,258970,18968477,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hatano,Quite fun to play with friends.....
14562148947149189,Recommended,258970,18757324,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Holden103,At the start me and my friends tried to divide money equally. By the end we fed each other to the enemys just for a single coin. Trust no one. Only shekels.
76561198041603125,Recommended,258970,18853549,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lioncraft,"wow i remeber playing this ye old game back in the daywant a fun lil co-op game with friends n' family? well this is it!!!i play this lil' gem with my wife in the living room and have so much fun, she mostly steals all the gold and shoots the badly needed turkey from me :Dit can get old after a long game session, but after a break and come back to it the next day it still has its luster :)have fun 9/10!"
76561197990406921,Recommended,258970,18922327,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,MMG Man,fun gauntlet modern game
,Recommended,258970,18936723,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ney,Perfect game for co-op. Also it is good to play by yourself too. Wait for a discount and buy 4-Pack Grant version.All characters have unique skills. It is enjoyable and really hard.
,Recommended,258970,18958250,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,isodomon,This game is a lot of fun. It's easy to pick up and great to play with friends.
76561198111398149,Not Recommended,258970,30560239,Posted: 16 March,all,Dnlaua,"All these years I've been thinking ""There needs to be a new gauntlet"". Whatta ya know? New gauntlet comes out. But I was expecting more of a gauntlet legends online more than a diablo co-op. Voice acting is a joke, not epic like in other gauntlets. Again, graphics are like diablo, not a better version of gauntlet legends or gauntlet dark legacy. The way the wizard works is interesting, you can make different spells by pressing different button combinations, but that's about all I liked about this game. Shame on the under-achievers who made this game."
76561198263316809,Recommended,258970,30545111,Posted: 16 March,all,TimidCookie,"(This review is my opinion so it might be biased)Personally, I prefer Gauntlet Dark Legacy. It's more colourful and the music is just legendary. There were more characters to play as, realms were memorable and the difficulty was fair despite boss battles being a lil tricky.Gauntlet Slayer Edition appealed to me because I loved Dark Legacy. However, given what I just said, I was disappointed with this game. I know that the original had 4 classes but come on, they could've easily included the NEW characters from Dark Legacy. The graphics are better then Dark Legacy but the lack of colour and darkness just sickens me. The music is also ok but not as good as Dark Legacy. The controls (Mouse & Keyboard) are not my favourite. Having to point in the direction of attacking bugs me so much that I can’t get past the 2nd level, even though I was playing on EASY.Despite the game disappointing me, I recommend this game to those who like a challenge and are fans of Gauntlet."
,Recommended,258970,18118201,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,twitch.tv/uksentry,brilliant game addictive as the old spectrum version
,Recommended,258970,18154193,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Andronikos,"I am the Elf running into the boss room while both of my compatriots lay dead.  I am near death.  I accidentally shoot one of the two foods in the room, yet still get enough kills to res the Warrior.+1."
,Recommended,258970,18309365,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Philip Horizontal,"arkadaşlarınızla eğlenceli vakitler geçirebileceğiniz güzel bir oyun, özellikle birlikte ""Dongeon"" temizlemek ""Boss"" katletmek zevkli. tavsiye ederim."
,Recommended,258970,18738705,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,FireWings26,"PLAY WITH ALL THE FRIENDS! :DNow seriously: this is a the best type of arcade dungeon crawler style game that I've expereince. Easy to jump into, a bit challenging on Normal mode, some customization options (but not enough that it's overwhelming), good artwork. The only one pitfall is that sometimes it zooms out too far and the characters are so, so tiny. But, get a large enough screen, and you can fix that. lol."
,Recommended,258970,18791436,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,RL.Juicy,"Over priced at £14.99, But great value at £3.74. If your bored and looking for something to play this is ideal with 1-3 other friends to play with. Not such a great game to play solo. Great fun though......recommend it when on sale"
,Recommended,258970,18712600,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Beef Kaker,"Good laugh with friends, but woe betide the single player experience. The biggest issue this game has for single player is the classes are balanced in such a way that you really do need at least one missile and one melee.Recommended as a co-op experience. Not so much on your lonesome."
,Recommended,258970,18807248,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,VongarTheLegend,A fun game at the least no problems with installation and very well rounded it seems!
76561198257042589,Recommended,258970,18805865,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dibs,"Fun game, but need to have people to play with because solo play is boreing"
,Recommended,258970,18806622,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ubermutant,Epic buddy brawling fun. Completely lives up to the Gauntlet standard.
,Recommended,258970,18213181,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,RiZe_WhatAreYouFuckinGay,This game has TONS of potential. But it is very laggy and can glitch out quite often. Overall its fun to play until it stops working.
76561198065263538,Recommended,258970,19541889,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Warlord LobONO,"Easy to learn, hard to master, rock 'em sock 'em carnage.  Some classes are more ""lag spike resistant"" than others, but all 'n all, very fun."
,Not Recommended,258970,19556001,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,spooky,"Completely pointless game, but what else we could expect from Bugicka creators?Two days in making. No content (at all).Only worth buying if it's 100% off just to install and uninstall.P.S.Alien Shooter > Gauntlet Slayer Edition."
76561197970530053,Recommended,258970,19573376,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,buttonmush,"Awesome game, period.If like me you  lived your teens playing classics like Out Run, Space Harrier, Golden Axe etc. in the Arcades in the 80's then you'll be no stranger to Gauntlet. If this is YOU then this is a must buy as it keeps all that was great about the original and brings it bang up to date.Taking you back to a time when games were fun, this is built for getting your mates round on the big TV."
,Recommended,258970,19537754,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Karuchi-GM,"Great alone, but the more, the merrier!Both the original and Slayer edition were thoroughly enjoyable, but I welcome the changes made in the latter with open arms, personally. My only minus would be that the achievements are pretty grindfest-y and unvaried at best."
,Not Recommended,258970,15693522,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Trizo,"In short: maybeGlad that they stayed on top of patching the game after release. Game was fun with friends. I don't think it would be too exciting alone. It was very very short. If you will be playing with others then Gauntlet may be worth purchasing when it's on sale. I bought it for $20 and in my opinion that is overpriced for a game that lasts just a few hours. Other than that the game itself felt extremely solid. If it was triple the length and had a few puzzles (pushing and putting stones into their places doesn't count as puzzles) then I would give the game a 10/10. But Gauntlet isn't triple the length and doesn't have any puzzles or brainworking moments. So instead I say, eh, 5/10."
,Recommended,258970,19656643,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,JadeShadow,I love this game so far!  It brings back all of the old Gauntlet Legends memories I have from all nighters with the N64 back in the day!  There are a couple of things that irk me a bit though.  Since it was developed by Arrowhead it has a VERY magicka feel minus the magic spells.  So its slightly less Gauntlet and a bit more Gauntlet/Magicka hybrid.  Even the responses by the NPCs are much more sarcastic (adding to the Magicka feel) than I remember in the old school versions.All in all though I haven't found anything about it that makes me not want to stay up all night and play it with my closest friends! Even if we are all spread out across the country.
76561197998434364,Recommended,258970,19659182,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,LordCapicu,"its not like the original arcade version i was hoping to play, but it is still a fun game to play."
,Not Recommended,258970,20043306,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,peper757,This isn't the Guantlet you know from your childhood. This is just a different game with the same name. It plays nothing like the originals.
,Recommended,258970,20045805,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,atn575,I used to play the arcade version when i was a kid.  I like this one a lot. Its like the original Diablo but funner.
,Recommended,258970,20042966,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hodgepodge,good party game fun 4 player highly reccomend 4 characters 5 for slayer edition and all with almost unliited fighting ability so yeah fight some zombies and spiders and stuff with friends is very fun 10/10
,Recommended,258970,20127737,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,thelonefefe,Beautiful reincarnation of a classic!
76561198009873475,Recommended,258970,20189453,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Valyn,Awesome!
,Recommended,258970,20206352,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,munster_mann,Very fun with friends time Flys when playing
,Not Recommended,258970,20195714,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,arbingordon,"If you liked gauntlet legends or dark legacy, you should probably avoid this, so as to not spoil how great those games were."
,Recommended,258970,20193965,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dread Raider,"I bought this in a 4 pack sale. That makes it pretty good. Since you can play it with a few of the peeps you give the extra copys to. All in all it felt like Gauntlet. but the times have changed and im not sure this game has any real staying power.If you do get it, I recomend you wait for a sale and do a 4 pack."
76561198093253279,Recommended,258970,20202049,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,clocutron,"It may be important to note that I did not play this game before the Slayer Edition update so I can't compare the changes to what the earlier release was like.I have always been a fan of Gauntlet games since playing a ton of the original 4-player co-op arcade game.  My favorites along the way were Gauntlet IV for the Sega Genesis and Gauntlet: Dark Legacy for the PS2.  I feel that this game is a pretty good entry in the franchise.I have completed about 10 hours of play so far and I'm enjoying the game quite a bit.  My system struggled a little with some of the graphics settings but, once I turned some things down, it has played very smoothly while still looking quite good.  I believe that Arrowhead did a good job of recreating the spirit of the original in a modernized version of the game.It's pretty easy to jump right in and start playing because gameplay is quite basic.  The weapon and potion abilities are a nice touch to aid in combat.  Some people have complained about the repetition in environments and enemies but that's been the case with every Gauntlet game - I see that as being true to the franchise.As for negatives, I find that the system for buying new weapons and stuff is lacking.  It's not immediately apparent what benefits, if any, there are to buying upgrades.  Some things seem to do nothing more than change the character's appearance.  Different weapons have different abilities but there's no indication that the weapons are more powerful.  Relics seem interesting but their use is not totally intuitive.  I plan to experiment more to see how useful they might be.Another problem I have is Death.  In previous Gauntlet games, you could use potions to kill Death.  However, in this game it appears that potions simply drive Death away for a short time.  Potions are fairly uncommon and you can only carry a few at a time so you really just have to try to avoid Death, which can be really frustrating.Overall, I find this game to be a lot of fun to play.  I would prefer a better system for buying upgrades and I would like a better way to deal with Death like earlier Gauntlet games but these negatives don't stop the game from being fun.  The $20 full price isn't terrible but I would recommend waiting for a sale if you can."
76561197969354434,Recommended,258970,20198433,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rasenka,"It's a fun, slick and decently balanced hack&slash with light rpg elements. A blast with friends, but swingy with random people on the net. I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price unless you are a big fan of the original Gauntlet."
76561198203899249,Not Recommended,258970,20160648,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,kensho.sight,This game just crashes every 5minutes. :(
,Recommended,258970,20169009,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Turnip,"""wow... i needed that turkey man""This game is super fun, its like a casual diablo 3 without the gear grind."
76561198260859665,Recommended,258970,20017105,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dr.kragnof,i cant figure out how to send the other copies to my friendson steam besides that its fun but im still wanting to play with friends
76561197971116718,Recommended,258970,13736436,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sirian,This game is fun.
,Recommended,258970,13737783,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,McSinned,The original Gauntlet used to be my favorite arcade game as a teenager. I think I've fed that Guantlet machine more quarters than any other arcade game excluding pinball machines. This remake does not disapoint. I still haven't tried playing with anyone yet but looking forward to it.
76561197971909829,Recommended,258970,13741104,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tyrone Biggums,couch and net co op!! woot!
,Recommended,258970,13776234,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Wren,Lots of fun. Great arcade style mechanics. A blast with a party of friends...pick up the 4-pack8.5/10
,Recommended,258970,13639878,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,General Zimmer,nice game i have play diablo but i have not buy it that was good game and now the game was like diablo i love the game becuese the graphic is very good im stil not lag and ... yes
,Recommended,258970,13767454,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,foodog,"Very entertaining and fun to play with friends, but not very good if you're playing alone.."
,Recommended,258970,13767988,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Spooky Veggie,"Great dungeon crawler! It's even more enjoyable with friends, to laugh and freak out at what the game throws at you. As other reviewers have pointed out, this is a ""modernized"" version of the arcade classic and it's just as fun! What I was surprised by, was the effective replay abililty. You could play this and each time will be differnet experience, whether that choice in character, players, or level. I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys dungeon crawlers or playing games with friends. Although, I feel the price of $20.00 is alittle bit too much for it. If you have the cash to blow, go ahead and grab a copy. If you're like me, I'd wait for it to be on sale. I feel $14.99 or even $9.99 is a very fair price for this game. The game also has DLC, which is another character, it's the Necromancer Lilth. Really fun and great character to play, the DLC is $4.99 and that's a very fair price for DLC. I'd recomend that as well."
,Not Recommended,258970,13691292,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,WeMustKungFuFight!,"Would be a brilliant game if it werent currently very poorly coded. Most loading screens ""freeze"" indefinitely. This not only causes the game to not function 90% of the time, but also interferes with the normal operation of the computer its installed on, even preventing normal shutdown. This behavior is the very definition of malware and completely devalues the title. If steam had a star system, I would campaign to give gauntlet negative three out of five.Not recommended until they have gone through several major patch cycles. (1.11 now, going to check back at least 1.5 mabe 1.8 if they survive that long)"
76561198008532295,Not Recommended,258970,13677980,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Keen,4 hours of samey dungeon crawling.
,Recommended,258970,13678381,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hlwg,classic gauntlet. just plain fun.
76561197997968481,Recommended,258970,13678685,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Phog Allen,"Remake of the classic arcade game, and done really well. It's quick and easy to get in and bang around, but takes some practice to get good and effective at each class."
76561198030778236,Recommended,258970,13645842,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Whygee,"It's like a Diablo with a lot more action, and a lot more skills.Would eat turkey again."
76561198005862256,Not Recommended,258970,13681606,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Montiness,"Let's get the important thing out of the way first. I love the original and would I recommend this game as a remake? Yes. Yes I would.The play style is challenging and rewarding in its own way, just as the original was. It's not as fast paced as the original, but that's ok because the graphical improvements and mechanics match so overall you get a very similar feel playing it.The character mechanics implememnted match the original feel of what you'd expect, and they've done it seamlessly in this new visage. Each of the different classes now even feel more specialized and unique than they used to, which isn't hard considering the advances made in technology, but it truly holds the Gauntlet Essence.This is not going to be a ""This game is perfect, buy it"" review though, far from it. There are some key elements that are missing that draw from the overall appeal of the game.Firstly, is how linear the levels are. I know, how can a dungeon crawler not be linear? The original Gauntlet did it. Even in something as simple as finding the right path through all the locked doors and getting the most from the environment was a challenge. Go through the wrong door and you're stuck, start again. There is not that element of trapping yourself here. You might find 3 or four rooms the entire game that you won't have the keys to open, but you can't really trap yourself on a level. It throuws you essentially down a corridor. Follow it, and you'll beat the level. Very, VERY basic.Secondly is the distinct lack of playable areas. There are 3 dungeons, broken into 4 parts. 3 of the 4 parts have three levels. An introductory level, the dungeon specific special level, and a survival level. The fourth stage is a boss fight. That is it. As every dungeon takes less than an hour to defeat on hard, one would argue quite validly that this game is not worth more than $5. There's less than 4 hours of gameplay here, you aren't going to find any more secrets, ways to beat it, or in fact HOW to beat it by playing the game more, only Unlocking a more powerful and well dressed character. The same tedious ... i've forgotten the word so I'll just use nonsense, that every MMORPG has for their endgame. GIMMICK! That's the word. Gimmick.With that last point in mind, with the clothing at least, there are not alot of options. Sure, you can play through the game at a harder level, and unlock ONE more equipment set, but it doesn't effect the damage you take, the damage you do, or anything more than cosmentic. And the variety of cosmetic appearances aren't that great. On that note, it needs ALOT more depth since they decided to implement it, they might as well make it worthwhile.As for the character strength unlocks, they're just do this X amount of times. Some of the unlocks are just stupid as well. Instead of a crown dropper achievement, how about a crown wearer achievement? Something that rewards you for being good, not something that rewards you for being stupid.I know all those negatives scream, ""how can you recommend this game after all that negativity?"" Simple. I never beat the original Gauntlet. I loved it to death. I played it for years. I could never beat it. This, I beat in an afternoon and not on Easy. I can now finally say ""I've beaten Gauntlet!"" MUAHAHAHAHA and I think there's alot of people who would like to say the same and might even be why they made it in the first place...Ideally this game is suited for someone who wants to play it for 20 minutes to an hour at a time, then move on to something else. It desperately needs more dungeons with more levels and more challenging levels. It needs something else cosmetically whether it be a boon or just sheer volume for those elitists out there, and it needs more depth within it as a whole. But if you're only looking at playing for an hour with friends or by yourself then go onto something else, it is a hell of alot of fun :)But, if you're looking for a game that's all that and more, this isn't it. It feels like they've spent 90% of production getting the character concepts right, getting the gameplay down, and then realized they have a week left and threw the rest of the game together. another 6 months before release and this could have been brilliant, but three months after release all they've done is make a new character that costs $5 and implement another gimmicky online mode for some capes... Hopefully soon we'll see some good dungeons come after them.I've just realized that I can't recommend it, so I've changed it. I really apprectiate and commend getting the original feel of gauntlet as far as the way it plays and characters right, but everything else is just so cheap and rushed I can't condone it. It's still really REALLY fun for 20 minutes to an hour though, the rest is just gimmicky."
76561198080229079,Recommended,258970,13698356,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,YourMothasCobra,"pretty cool. going back towards classic a bit more than previous sequels, but giving you more than just 2 attacks. I thought it was well done, though I wish you could defeat death with potions still. tons of fun and all the characters play so different you gotta try them all."
,Recommended,258970,13701747,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ryan,I've only played for 2 hours.  This game satisfies in a way that most ARPGs can't.
,Recommended,258970,13703394,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mark5_9,"As a huge fan of the original Gauntlet, the throwback references in this game are awesome. The game has been totally revitalized and the result is something super addictive and new, but still has that classic hack and slash feeling. This is what Diablo III should have been. Kill, kill, kill."
,Recommended,258970,13705222,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Famoso Pirulei,Comprei pra jogar com os amigos mas acabei zerando antes sozinho.
,Recommended,258970,13705354,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vulcanza,Game is very funGood RPG hack and slash game
,Recommended,258970,13730864,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bigbadken,"If you like other Gauntlet titles, you'll like this game.  If you don't like or have otherwise never played other Gauntlet titles, nothing I can say in this review will correct your failed, wasted life.This game is worth your time and your money.  Don't expect the second coming of Christ incarnated into a video game, it's only Gauntlet: you kill badguys, loot gold, shoot the food, and die.  This isn't a life-changer.  At best it may only distract you for a few hours from your real problems, but if that isn't worth $10, then what is?8/10"
,Recommended,258970,13724767,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Syrsly,"TL;DR: Good game for coop, bad game for single-player.Rest of the review:Coming soon... not done playing yet. :)"
,Recommended,258970,18165335,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Yurek,"A fantastic modernization of the classic dungeon crawler which birthed a genre. It's simple to pick up but a challenge to complete. Even more fun with three others, who can easily drop in and out at any time, as you race for more gold and claw to get more kills. 10/10"
76561198036569085,Recommended,258970,18207808,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mugen ツ,Really enjoyable and fun. A sweet game to play with some buddies.
76561197979944962,Recommended,258970,18179604,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Rougarou,Good party game with 3 friends on a LAN.  It's a true oldschool button masher.
,Not Recommended,258970,18168464,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,LUFFY-SAN,"I was expect too high for this game. The game was not as smooth as in the video. Even thou I have Recommended Specification. I already low everything in setting, still the game feels very laggy.This game is impossible to play by yourself, the difficulty is like a spear hitting your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ many many times. And the gold needed for every item is kinda imbalance. I mean how many hours needed to buy a weapon ? A single game only gives you 1/5 or 1/7 gold of the item you want to buy.I do like the idea when you attack food, the food is gone. But every time I want to get to the food, the mobs always nearby, so I can't help myself to not accidentally attacking the food/potions.Overall, I'll give 4/10 for this game"
76561198052771946,Not Recommended,258970,18168926,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,hexinous,"If you took some of the worst aspects of a Diablo game (rogue-like levels which are composed of all-too-few room types), coupled it with level mechanics which constantly lock you into tiny rooms with overwhelming numbers of monsters, took away the player's ability to manuever or use any real level of tactics, added a rather useless RPG store mechanism which encourages you to die until you and buy enough to stop dying as often, totally ignored any concept of class balance or fair play, constantly spawned invulnerable enemies or one-hit-kill traps against the player, and then slapped a Gauntlet skin and audio track on the mess...  That's this game.It's not a challenge...  It's just keep dying until you can buy enough so you don't.And you won't really know enough about this game to decide whether you like it until you've played too much to get a refund.  It takes hours to figure out that the class balance is completely out of whack.  It takes hours to get upgrades.  It takes hours to figure out that all you really have to do is keep dying...The Gauntlet of old was, at its best, a game of tactics and planning.  You were playing alone or with friends against hordes of enemies, setting up choke points, solving puzzles, sweeping a floor in a careful, methodical method, and pressing on.  It was a game about tactics, planning, and puzzle solving as much as action.  This isn't that game.  This game...  Just run for the gold, hope you can blast enough enemies to keep some of it.  Repeat.  Buy upgrades.  Repeat.So, if you like mindless action and lots of dying, go for it.  But I can't even really call it Gauntlet.  It lacks Gauntlet's spirit."
,Recommended,258970,16633821,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Classic Kiriyama,"Been playing Gauntlet games since the early 80's - found this one to be fairly faithful to the original, with modernisation and a couple of new abilities, but in keeping with the spirit of the original. If you liked Gauntlet 1-4, you'll probably enjoy this one too."
76561198036554737,Recommended,258970,16730368,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Thearston,"I only bought it because it was on sale, but I have no regrets.  Its a fun pick up and play game.  Exactly what it should be."
,Recommended,258970,16714287,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,krosroads,Fun on a bun!
,Recommended,258970,16708943,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Leo,"It´s a simple yet incredible game, very fun to play with your friends, especially when you don´t have much time to expend in MMORPGs or Open World games."
76561198075981860,Not Recommended,258970,16710144,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shiny_Glasses_Man,"Gauntlet is a game I really want to like but after having played pretty much everything 3-4 times I just can't. It is lazily designed and unimaginative, it still has minor bugs and the margins for certain combat aspects are poor. The sporadic seasons for the very boring capes use tropes to make up for poor level design and leave you wanting nothing more to do with the game every time they are played.5/10TL;DR a boring and unimaginative game that was very lazily desgined and is not worth the money."
76561198069176285,Recommended,258970,16609409,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,unseen_kill,"Bad♥♥♥♥♥game all the way, gets a little boring without friends, but 100% all for8.5/10 all the way"
76561198211287640,Recommended,258970,16609981,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheWaywardSon12,Im having an extremely bad input delay. does anyone know how to fix or is it a game issue?
,Recommended,258970,16821882,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The House...,"Loved this franchise from the start, especially at the arcade. Very enjoyable in high resolution and best played with a controller. It seems to take forever to earn enough gold to upgrade anything. But the gameplay is fast paced and well balanced. I like that it takes a couple of tries to beat a level. Buy it during a Steam Sale and you won't be disappointed if you liked any of the previous versions of the game. Now I have it forever in the cloud. Best played with friends."
,Recommended,258970,16576835,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kutangamaster,Good game :)
,Recommended,258970,16741689,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"This game is fun and has a similar theme to the original of course, I would buy it on sale though. I got it during the Steam summer sale."
,Recommended,258970,16747895,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Maj. Pikachu,Worth $5-$10. A good nostalgic game. Can hook up controllers for co-op using 1 PC or co-op online. I have not tried but it appears that you and a friend can use 1 PC to co-op online also. It appears that there are about 15-20 story levels. Colleseum mode is pretty fun: survive six waves and get a new cape every season.
76561197970966757,Not Recommended,258970,16837504,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,laacid,"Bought this for nostalgia reasons. Very disappointed in the single player mode- no saving that I can find, even the easy mode is a bit hard.. Dont even bother unless you plan to play with others. The aiming is a bit off. On a good note, the graphics are nice. Cant really recommend this game unless you are going to use it for multiplayer."
76561198059727906,Recommended,258970,16691451,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ancienttimes,This game is a lot of fun. I originally played gauntlet dark legacy. So when i picked this up I was hoping for something similar. Though the game may not be the same it still has its perks. I find that the game keeps you on your toes and you need to be careful about how many enemies you let surround you. Also don't shoot the food. You never know when that precious food will come in handy.
,Not Recommended,258970,16692064,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PadKidPouredCurdPulledCold,The uninstall button works BTW
76561198091620862,Not Recommended,258970,16396879,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dr. Voden,"Very repetitive, very short game length. Here's a room, here's a monster summoner, destroy it and move on. Rinse and repeat. Also, no loot other than coins."
,Recommended,258970,16460204,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mr.MathMo,Pretty fun game when you play with friends. It's really hard and I like that :D
,Recommended,258970,17965607,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,BigDemarest,I have really enjoyed the Slayer Edition update.  Adds exactly what I wanted to this game.  More games should have this long term dedication to improvement.  Great job everyone!!
76561198104374512,Not Recommended,258970,12405318,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Porcupine,"So after all the updates, a lot of things I had issues with are fixed, but it's still a barebones hack n' slash n' loot, there's better alternatives out there for less the money. I had gotten it based off the name, history, and hype. It doesn't really feel very 80's Gauntlet orented nor Gauntlet Legends/Dark Legacy, if you're looking for those experiences, you're better off looking elsewhere."
,Recommended,258970,18078572,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Fëanor,Classic Gauntlet goodness!
76561198005616656,Recommended,258970,18073539,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Blighty,"Its Gauntlet, just buy. Its hack slash and magic, need to say more, I dont think so!"
,Recommended,258970,17453561,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DeadSurvivor,"I loved Gauntlet when I was little. I played Gauntlet Seven Sorrows on the Xbox and ever sense i've loved games like this. I have only played by myself so I wont be talking about the online. But by your self it brings quite a challenge once you get farther on, some parts just seem impossible but you can do it. I have fun playing this game, and it definitely brings a challenge."
,Recommended,258970,16889071,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Reker,Great fun with friends!!
76561197991590833,Recommended,258970,16893842,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,braves1991,Great Co-op game!
76561197973400135,Recommended,258970,17682251,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Theplayboy0,"Trying to find a decent multiplayer game can be extremly frustrating. There is no lobby and you don't get to select which sessions you'd like to join. The only exception is when you setup a multiplayer game yourself. People constatly jump in and out of games. There is also a  huge skill gap between the different classes. The Necro additiona to the game is absolutely awesome and pretty easy to play but you have to buy her as a micro transaction. The Elf is the easiest to play and and also one of the most useful. The Warrior and the Valkyrie are beasts in the hands of skilled and experienced players but often die instantly when played by new players. The wizard is at the top of the food chain but it's also the most difficult. I've found that setting up a macro's on my Razer Naga to quickly select different spells is the way to go. Overall, I'm a huge fan of the reboot and look forward to new free ""seasons""."
76561198004488456,Not Recommended,258970,17741642,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,The Doominion,"I honestly don't understand how anyone can compare this to the classic gauntlet games, there is 0 character progression (other than looking different). the game is INCREDIBALLY short lived, i literally beat the game in 8 hours. oh and not to mension 0 hidden characters, 0 hidden levels and or easter eggs. this game is a discrase to the classic gauntlet games 3/10"
,Recommended,258970,17732380,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Psych Gaming And Reviews,"This version of Gauntlet is ok at best, I don't feel that it holds a candle to the older versions ( my favourite being Gauntlet II on the NES)The game is good and can be fun but maybe from past instalments I was expecting more maybe"
,Recommended,258970,17491280,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,"I bought this game; it was good.  Then they updated the game to make it ""better"", resulting in the game being unplayable due to camera/technical issues; giving the game a thumbs down......They updated the game, fixing the camera/technical issues...  This is Gauntlet.  Thumbs up."
76561198032689427,Recommended,258970,12207838,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,KvnMcK94,"*EDITED AS OF COLLISIUM UPDATE* While i havent gotten to play a megaton since the update, the hour or so quick look at the revamped content is unbeleivable. This is LEAGUES better, and has really turned me around on. Old review is there, just to show how i felt before (especially since ive only played the first level with each character as of writing this). The level structure change had me dissapointed, but really its more open than the hubworld before (since the hubworld still required u do the missions in order) but now you can seemingly choose to skip missions that you dont like. Character balance is SOOOOO MUCH BETTER. The effort on display for this game is impressive and seriously deserves second look from ppl who dropped off like me.*OLD REVIEW*While not explicitley a ""ERMAGAWD DONT BUY!!@!"" Id just like to caution people, for numerous reasons, as to why I havent enjoyed my purchase.Main issues thus far: 1.technical issues on launch, w/e♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. they arent even that big.2.what it lacks in depth of mechanics, it attempts to make up for in difficulty. Simplicity is fine, elegant in certain cases, but in this game it only leads to frustrating, and samey combat. Its not just in the combat either, but also in the systems themselves. Take Death for example; in Dark legacy his very design lead to some nuanced depth and choice.(do you go ahead for the chest during a fight, and risk getting attacked? do you pop a potion to stop him, or take the hit now and save it for a potentially more dangerous situation later?) in here hes just a big insta-kill dude who chases you. Its simple but punishing, some people love that. if you dont, if you like games to have more systems than almost none, than this game will just be frustrating aswell as dull.3.The camera remains the problem that it appeared when the announcement trailer first popped up, its just far too zoomed out for anything to be clear or interesting.  Sometimes a pillars hitbox is in the way, doesnt look like it, but it is, and youll take a massive hit for something that wasnt entirely your fault. Not to mention its just not satisying, when enemies die, its so unsatisfying, as theyre all just tiny nothings on your screen. Speaking of unsatisfying...4. music/asthetic: the music is bland and boring. Maybe itl get better later, im gonna play more so heres hoping it does. this however just underscores a generally bland and uninteresting aethetic. The game is afraid to stray too far from the arcade versions original look, failing completely to realise that it existed out of limitations in tech, not choice. Dark legacy had style, vast different styles even. Maybe this game picks that up later, but the first set of levels is so dreadfully nothing, idk what they were even going for. It just doesnt bode well. if this is their attempt to hook me in, its not doing a good job.still, im hoping things pick up, and im hoping its more fun with friends. gonna keep playing, but if your on the fence. maybe hold off, do more research. let the hype leave ur system a bit, then look into it."
,Recommended,258970,17639054,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CyroN,"WIthout the nostalgia factor since I haven't had the opportunity of playing the original in its heyday, its really challenging and fun (albeit inevitably at times frustrating) game. Playing this with friends really amps up the enjoyment factor of it.Treating this as an offline PC diablo-lite game. Controls are solid. For late game though, I wish there was more progression cause it feels that at some point characters stop growing in power. This could be ok in the campaign, but with endless mode, I wish there would also be infinite progression even if it is restricted to that mode alone.The addition of Endless mode too is what finally pushed me to purchase the game, with infinite replayability and challenge, its always fun to go back for 15 mins or so and try to reach as far as possible.TL;DR: Awesome game, endless adds more fun and replayability, get friends to play local coop!"
,Recommended,258970,13730236,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pömpeljunge,"it's fun and challenging. nice people to play with. most of them behave like teamplayers, wich is recommended to win and have fun :) also nice masteries and good chars. plays like an arcade action dungeon hack'n slay but it never gets boring if your mates play well and if you master your char. nice game!update slayer edition. still good, but they killed the necro movement. ghostwalk now in aiming direction, not in walk direction. it's confusing. hard mode ist now with turkeys and they killed the sirens lute healing ability too. :("
76561197961183439,Recommended,258970,17646613,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,tehrobdog,game is super fun and funnerest when friends must buy ...
76561198043407355,Not Recommended,258970,12762504,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Escapistfish,They need to hire a psychologist.  They've taken everything fun out of playing for more than a few hours.  I can no longer recommend this game.
76561197997667172,Recommended,258970,17447751,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,cohrt,luv this fkn game
,Recommended,258970,13315004,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Veltex,oh man the slayer edition of this game is what makes this game the way it should've been10/10
76561197997918682,Recommended,258970,17639171,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Brotai,I can turn enemies into chickens and then eat them. Great game or greatest game?
,Recommended,258970,13671589,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ktulu1975,"I really love this game.  I used to play Gauntlet and Ganutlet II on the Amstrad CPC, in two-player local co-op mode, with my brother, way back in 1986 or whenever it was, and I'm glad to say that this latest version of Gauntlet, is probably undeniably even better than the original games.  Aside from the excellent graphics engine used, which makes the game play beautifully, the implementation of individual character combat moves ensures almost endless replayability.I think if you read the forum for this game, every few days you may notice soemone pleading for the developers to make more levels.  This is just testament to how great the game is.  The levels each feel about 'just the right' size, although the game is so good that you wll surely be longing for more.  As I was saying before however, the lack of levels doesn't really hinder the immense enjoyability of the game.The game works straight away with any x-box controllers you may have plugged in.  Multiplayer is excellent, and a great way to really 'get into', and appreciate the other characters that you may not have played so much if you have been playing in solo mode.Each character has his own weapons, and attack modes and special attacks, wih the wizard having quite a few spells that are selected by pushing two controller buttons in quiz succesion.  This is a very cool setup whoch allows for the stringing together of multiple spells and attacks, while not over-complicating the process.Overall, the game just runs excellently and really is very enjoyable to play.  Really would love to see more!"
,Recommended,258970,13672479,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sprago,"The new gauntlet is like ""Diablo"" but with keeping everything that is Gauntlet about it, plus the music is great. I _love_ this game. My mom and I used to play the old school one all the time in the arcade and on the C64.I'd tank and she'd DPS but we didn't call it that ""back then"".  She'd say, Block stuff and I'll shoot it."
76561198000834508,Recommended,258970,13673019,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,xChaosxII,.
,Recommended,258970,13673190,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,superclark715,"Great game, classic dungeon crawling at its finest. Way too short for the money, buy it on sale."
76561198060400022,Recommended,258970,13673279,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kyntar,"If your a player who remembers the classic Gauntlet Arcade, then you may like this. Still has that classic game play feel with a mix of some more modern elements. Online multiplayer, and plays great with controller."
,Recommended,258970,13673789,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,git rekt,This game is like a 3d of the nes Gauntlet. This is also like a more 3d version of Hammerwatch. If you like the old Gauntlet check this out!
76561197960685868,Recommended,258970,13674116,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cowboy,Very enjoyable remake of a classic.
76561198098538598,Not Recommended,258970,13676537,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,pkc1986,"the game runs very sluggish for me, while other gams run perfectly smooth.  I do not know if more are having this problem but it is sad for me since i have enjoyed other gauntlet games alot."
76561198079121475,Recommended,258970,13654835,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pyroball the Obliterator,this game is hard to play alone and is more fun with multiple people but that isnt to say its bad mor elaong the lines of if you dont have friends or family  that play this kind of game.
76561197981019045,Recommended,258970,13655770,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GreyGhosst,Brings back tons of memories and quarters spent
76561198041308217,Recommended,258970,13176506,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Aussy Ju Ju,anyone who complains about this is a precious♥♥♥♥♥ this game is awesome fun
,Recommended,258970,13262583,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TehPostman,"This game is very fun to play, the 4 classes are different and running around killing waves of minions and such is just a blast, playing with your friends is a plus but random people is fun aswell, there are rewards for completeing the game in different difficulties, if you see this game for a reasonbal price, get it."
76561198030808549,Recommended,258970,13804200,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,raptormh,"If you're looking for a couch-based, gamepad controlled co-op experience, Gauntlet is a blast. (I haven't tried mouse and keyboard.) It helps that my monitor is my flatscreen TV, but the game has seen quite a few hours of play from everyone in the house. Grab four Xbox controllers and some friends, and you'll have a great time hacking and slashing your way through wave after wave of arcade baddies.One drawback: the game is pretty short (maybe 4 or 5 hours, depending on how much you die.)"
,Recommended,258970,13901325,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Moe,"I'd recommend this game to EVERYONE! It's a great arcade game to bring your friends together :DAlso if you have siblings, this is a great title to play with them as well."
,Recommended,258970,13882202,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fat Operator,"A solid return to some elements of the original Gauntlet games, though lacking in content and variety. Stands well on its own. May have faired better by not wearing the Gauntlet name."
,Not Recommended,258970,13886778,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[TW]Swift_Brutal_Death,"With the release of the new class at $4.99 I have to go with no on this game.  I played it through with my GF and other random people online and got my moneys worth, but there is too much missing from this game and I cannot recommend it to others.  Having no online match options is a big problem for me.  All you can do to join is click join and be put in a random match.  There are no options beyond difficulty.  So if you keep getting put into a match with someone who's level is way too low for what they are playing eventually you just have to deal with it.  No in game chat beyond the preset options which are along the lines of ""Thanks, over here, you ♥♥♥♥ed up"".  No chat....unreal.  And the level design is adequate at best.  Everything is very linear and overall kind of stagnant. 6/10"
76561197966104020,Recommended,258970,13544702,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[*LT*],"Simply awesome fun with friends, takes me back to tapeloaders and level jumping of G2."
76561198029338436,Recommended,258970,13460734,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,wiebejd John,Great game. Not as good as I remember.
,Recommended,258970,13812881,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shooty*,"Had been umm-ing and ahh-ing about buying this for ages. I loved the original version (being old enough to remember it in the arcades and on the Spectrum, etc), but wasn't sure about the remake. It looked nice and shiny from the videos, but still... So, anyway, it came on sale a couple of weeks ago, so I bought it.Love it. Mainly playing as Elf so far. Humour is good, 'puzzles' and level layout are great, actually quite tense in the dark levels.Unlike the original, you don't get massively over-swamped with baddies. The weapons are pretty cool, too, as well as the power ups.Glad I bought it. Good, clean fun."
,Not Recommended,258970,13931470,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MafiaPenguin,"Are you looking at this game with fond, rose-tinted memories of Gauntlets past? Are you, perhaps, remembering hours upon hours of fun, with or without friends, smashing your way through hundreds of foes and dozens of doors, pushing ever forward to victory and the end of your journey?If you answered ""yes"", congratulations, you've already played this game. No need to buy it, you've already experienced more than what this store page's title could offer you.I just saved you twenty bucks. You're welcome."
,Recommended,258970,13945460,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Vorteth,"Reminds me of when I was a kid playing Diablo II.Very fun, very messy and entertaining."
76561197983566598,Recommended,258970,13820352,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Friar Fire,"In general this is a successful interpretation of the arcade classic version of Gauntlet keeping some essential gameplay features but transforming it into a modern type hack'n'slash. Of course some of the nostalgic charm will always go lost if you tread too far away from the original and I often find myself missing the old classic dungeon graphic simplicity and I really wish some ""potions/effects"" would just kill every damn enemy on the screen as it once used to, but all in all Arrowhead succeeds at creating the -""Just one more round before I quit""-feeling. Team up with your friends and let's go kill some skeletons."
76561198085606523,Recommended,258970,13726267,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,magerwig,"Absolutely Amazing game, Brings back old memories of the NES version...   Wish there were more levels though.  GREAT GAME!!! I can play this thing for hours."
,Recommended,258970,13579184,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,IstCrusader,"Simple hack-and-slash mechanics that yield a memorable experience with your friends. There's enough content to justify the $20 product, but lacks enough incentive for replayability."
,Recommended,258970,13744273,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SlaughterJoker,Feels like classic gauntlet. Fun and challenging. Best with Friends.
,Recommended,258970,13747196,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,2+2=5,Great game the mechanics are good and gameplay is good.Lots of Fun!
76561198014056724,Recommended,258970,13747890,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Xenok,"Great Game.Awesome game for multiplayer with some friends. Attempt to get the most gold, most damage and end up with the crown on each level.  Best group multiplayer game I have seen in a long while.Single player it gets very repetitive and boaring very quickly as the challenge comes largely in trying to beat out the others in a co-op game."
76561198007388720,Recommended,258970,13736183,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,RRD,"When I first saw a trailer for this new version of Gauntlet I was a equal parts skeptical and excited. Excited that a new Gauntlet was even being made but a little bit worried about the seemingly bland environment and really high up camera perspective.Having played it now for about three hours all I can say is that it's great! I'm not sure if someone with no feelings of nostalgia towards the series will be able to appreciate it but I can say it's been a while since I experienced such a rush playing a game. The differentiation between characters is cool and you still get to experience the ""old school"" long-range Gauntlet gameplay by playing as Archer or Wizard.I've enjoyed online multiplayer so far. Balancing teamwork with nabbing as much loot as possible is fun as always though I'd like to try some local multiplayer for that good old fashioned couch fun.I got used to the camera being so high up and can appreciatelocking players on screen as it adds to the need to work together and not just run off for some solo action.Anyway I might update this review as I play some more but for now I can only recommend it!"
,Recommended,258970,13797983,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Valerie Is Dead,"I love this game, awesome revamp of a classic game <3"
76561198032123058,Recommended,258970,13914622,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,GWARslave119,"Love love love it! Can't go wrong with Gauntlet. Enjoyed since the arcade/ NES, Questor has always been my favorite. They did well with the recent updates and adding the Coliseum."
76561198025700764,Recommended,258970,13907555,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,stalkerbynoothername,great fun in a group but depressing by yourself
76561198006288599,Not Recommended,258970,19360137,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"I should have known better than to buy this. I've always thought the Gauntlet franchise was cheesey so why would this one be any different. I'm glad they deversified the characters, but you can seriously beat the game in an afternoon. Not worth the money unless it's on sale. I' m giving it a 4/10"
76561197999715531,Recommended,258970,19366290,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,OceansAteAlaska,great game a classic!
,Recommended,258970,30631816,Posted: 20 March,all,LanceL,"got this at -75%.Gameplay abit repetitive, but ok if you are playing with someone.Worth buying if 75% off and playing with friends."
,Recommended,258970,15703141,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Skadisson,"All you need is friends, if you have friends you can play with, this game unfolds itself to one of very few games on PC that are on par with Nintendo system games in terms of just having fun with friends and competing against friends while always play together as a team. As some reviews here say it's a short game. You can play the normal difficulty through in two or three sessions, every session one of the 3 chapters with 4 sub-chapters with about 4 stages each, depending on how fast you get the puzzles, more complex bossfights and challenging level designs. So you have about 48 stages that are handcrafted and play and look very differently from each other. This is an arcade style game, it's ment to be played when you happen to find half an hour to have leisure time with friends online. Or if you suddenly all got time on your hand and don't know what to play together: This is the perfect game for that. For singleplayer only or if you want to play through a rich story together, i'd say better get another action RPG like Dungeon Siege 3. And before i forget it: Gauntlet is not easy! It is not an easy game, you need brain, a good overview over hectic situations, the ability to hit with skillshots (everything in this game is a skillshot!) and hence, very fast reactions, even when playing together with up to 3 other players. And you'll need to find a way to make quick decisions together as a team, in some cases you will be punished as a team for deciding for different routes or actions at the same time. A good example is a situation where you have less keys than there are doors to unlock and behind some doors there might be more keys. And the UI? It's the best action RPG UI i've ever seen, that even allows for every player's character information to be completely visible on each player's screen simultaneously! You see all your friend's resources, cooldowns, active spells, etc. The UI and hack'n'slash combat are genious, both on par with Diablo 3, at least!"
76561198031725035,Not Recommended,258970,16225748,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,azurwraith86,"A mindles hack and slash, with literally no sense of progression.  The unlockable attributes are bland as hell.  If they rebalanced the game around a stat system, strength, dex, int, vit, to allow some amount of customization, at least it would have some replayability.  a sense of character growth.One of the few steam games i thoroughly regret purchasing.But, you get what you pay for, so I guess there's that."
76561198043409454,Recommended,258970,16432884,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lugster,"A must have for any Gaunlet fan. Loads of fun, great graphics and a blast playing with people on line."
,Recommended,258970,16432994,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,≡KizzeL≡,"Very fun game, just make sure you have friends to play it with!"
76561198113198145,Recommended,258970,16424275,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Shi No Kage,This game is a twist on the old arcade game. The game is frustrating and it's hard to get far when you play alone but if you have a couple friends to play with I would sugest it in a heart beat.
76561198044171395,Recommended,258970,16427074,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bear Grills,"Amazing, brings back some childhood memories!"
76561197982958982,Recommended,258970,16903005,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,fataldelay,"As a long-time fan of the Gauntlet series, I really looked forward to playing this game and wasn't disappointed.  It's very hard to get through levels playing by yourself on the ""normal"" difficulty setting, so this game is best-played as a multiplayer game."
,Not Recommended,258970,16347526,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Havoc RX,"PROS:Graphics are nice.Combat is smooth.CONS:All the levels feel/look almost the same.Game is short. (but due to the repetitive nature of the levels I'm not really sure if this should be a con.)No worthwhile incentitive to play again. (due to the repetitiveness.)After the final boss, I have uninstalled the game and don't see myself playing it again.VERDICT:I can't recommend this game at the full price. And if there's going to be a Gauntlet II, I hope the developer offers a better variety of levels."
,Not Recommended,258970,16349397,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Solaris,"Really repetitive, only gold drops, no loot, beat the game in four hours on normal difficulty and have no desire to try for harder difficulties. Was alright for a Friday night online coop with friends but beyond that there's nothing else here."
76561198046101430,Recommended,258970,15840937,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,renegade,I really reallllly enjoy this game its really fun to play and you want to try and finish the game on all difficulties on all characters and the online community isnt all that bad the only bad thing is that you cant seem to use the microphone overall a solid 9/10
76561198069695635,Recommended,258970,13234004,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kata Juta,great co-op fun.a few glitches and quirks but a good time with some freinds and a couple beers
,Recommended,258970,13338978,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PAINBOY,"Addictive and fun, recreates the joy of the classic Gauntlet games perfectly, i recommend a game pad or even better 2 or more for addictive local shared screen fun. did i mention its addictive?"
76561197980694074,Not Recommended,258970,13339127,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MoonUnit,"That moment when you wish you still had your n64. Seriously how can feel good about this game as a developer knowing you were outdone by a 16 year old cartidge. Repeatitive is an understatemet. The Wizard's ""spell"" system however unoriginal was slightly enjoyable and that is about all that I can say was a positive point for this game."
76561198044495956,Recommended,258970,13360050,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,dragonFlyBE,"My days in luna parks are completly back! The money my brothers and I spent, playing this games has been vast. I bought it out of pure nostalgy for us. I am happy my son got hooked on it as well as we missed a 4th man back in the days."
76561198038463435,Recommended,258970,13366856,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,neohxc,Great game!
,Recommended,258970,13370185,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JERICHO DREAD™,"To start off, Gauntlet is a pretty fun game. It feels a lot like the older ones in a way but with newer visuals and soun... Now I still enjoy this game and would recomend checking it out. If you like the original feel of Gauntlet, this is for you! However, there're some problems that popped up which I had great fears of before this game even came out. This is because i was more of a fan of Gauntlet Dark Legacy.Gauntlet is far too short. It has twelve dungeons... no more. Each dungeon (excluding the three boss levels) has three levels. There're also only three different locations you visit throughout the game that span accross all dungeons. The lack of variety in enemies and locations gets a bit dull after a while where as Gauntlet Dark Legacy had eight realms with many different locations and enemies... It also had many hidden levels, many bosses, items, and so much more.The other problem that bugged me is the lack of character choice... Gauntlet Dark Legacy had many characters you could unlock. While Dark Legacy had its own problems with each character playing the same, this's not the case here.in short, I do recomend people try this game out. If you liked the original Gauntlet games more, you might like  this one a lot because it plays and feels very much like those. However, if you are expecting the same amount of content as Gauntlet Dark Legacy, then this game is sadly not for you.I've got mixed feelings about this game so it's hard to really say it's the best for everyone. I do hope more content is added in time.This review was written after the release of the Necromancer and collesium update and DLC."
,Recommended,258970,13371523,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Neptune,"Gauntlet ... Gauntlet is one of the games you grab three of your friends, start it up and go straight into dungeons to kick♥♥♥♥♥like never before.While there may be some discussion about who uses which hero, it is definitely worth the money to get it - the graphics are good, the soundtrack nice and the dialogoues of the characters are well made.The controls can be a bit difficult at times, but nothing to ""otherworldy"". 9.5/10."
76561197980276501,Recommended,258970,13936070,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CheeZy Spr1nklz,"Great reboot, isometric awesomeness."
76561198067756392,Recommended,258970,13798921,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Game_Over,N!GGA
,Recommended,258970,13938506,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,c0d3h4x0r,"Good reimagining of the original overall, with a couple major shortcomings: (1) not nearly enough levels, and (2) total lack of support for non-Xbox360 game controllers.  If you're looking for a good online co-op multiplayer action game for more than 2 players, and you're willing to overlook those shortcomings, then this is a decent choice -- the balance between cooperative play to progress through the game and team ""infighting"" to nab or destroy items before teammates can get to them makes for a fun time."
76561197974662253,Recommended,258970,14055062,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tabu,"Great fun, played it with my kids.... everyone was entertained :)"
76561197990507513,Recommended,258970,14068322,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,themigz,I really enjoy this version of Gauntlet play.  It takes the best aspects of the various versions out there and utilizes them in a very positive way.
,Recommended,258970,14089106,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Askelios,Güzel fakat kısa bi oyun.4 kisi 20-40 saat oynarsaniz baya eğlenceli oluyor :)
76561197966017339,Recommended,258970,14090557,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Repair_man_Man_MAN,This game is awesome. Reminds me of the old days back when my cousin and I played.
76561198138886823,Recommended,258970,14092107,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,troglodytic,"My biggest criticisms would include some attacks slipping around enemies a little too easily, and the lack of option to customize character controls on a controller. Honestly, I thought grabbing a controller would make gameplay more fluid, but the added difficulty for accuracy on certain attacks, due to the way certain character powers are assigned, make the controller less feasible than it should be. Great game overall, though."
76561197982894123,Recommended,258970,13513257,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cypher_00,Great flashback to the old game
,Recommended,258970,13555491,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rumblefish,"Takes some getting used to using WASD to move around in a game with so much action, but I quickly got used to it. I enjoyed it a lot--now we just need more levels beyond the initial 12."
,Recommended,258970,14508946,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cryoplazma,Fun fun! Just like the good old days.
76561197972425720,Not Recommended,258970,15513754,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Waldosis,"Clunky, unattractive, and a far cry from the Gauntlet games of old that I remember so fondly.  Generally irritating to play, not due to any real difficulty in the game, but due to poor mechanics and cumbersome controls."
76561198113448048,Not Recommended,258970,14970637,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheWhorsesHead,"So bland. Only things I actually liked about this game was the changes made to death, and the controls.The controls were the highlight. Loved playing as an archer. I actually didn't mind that there was only four characters because each one felt extremely different compared to the old ones where you just button mashed in different spots.Levels were pretty much all the same level just with a different skin. I felt like I was grinding with no real reward.This is honestly my most regretted purchase on Steam."
76561198066369188,Recommended,258970,15226127,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ripper Caine,"If you don'tlove Gauntlet, you're not a REAL gamer ;-)"
,Recommended,258970,15291542,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,0per8tor,WORTH THE PRICE !! Thats what you really want to know isnt it? You know what Gauntlet is about and this version is just as good if not better than any other you've ever played. It's skill based button mashing at its finest with well balanced and super fun to use characters. It's also the kind of game where you can sit and just play it for a few minutes or a few hours.
76561197997928831,Not Recommended,258970,15251894,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Bloody Tampon,"Far too short for the price. The game is very fun, but I expected a lot more. Beat it in a weekend with my friend. Very polished and enjoyable, but left me wanting a lot more."
,Recommended,258970,15255525,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Darthvegeta800,An excellent co-op title. Good fun though it could've used a bit more content and options.
,Recommended,258970,15257384,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Embakon,"Ever since Gauntlet: Dark Legacy back in my PS2 days, I've been anxious for more Gauntlet games. Finally, they have answered my prayers and behold Guantlet! I only played 40 minutes of it and I love it already. Takes me back to that classic top-down dungeon crawler I know all too well. If you haven't gotten this game, what the hell are you doing with your life?"
,Recommended,258970,15231037,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zeus.Sama;,"it's a really fun game for a group of up to 4 friends.  You can play online with random people however.it's just a dungeon clearing game basically. 5 classes that i'm aware of. 1 being dlc.I havn't played much lately, but it's def a good game"
76561198151229739,Recommended,258970,15366432,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Papa,THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!! THIS WAS MY CHILD-HOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198019086854,Not Recommended,258970,16147543,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,zanetheinsane,"We played through the entire game co-op and it was extremely short. For some games that would be fine, but there was pretty much no room for character advancement and none of the items were really purchasable without grinding. Some of the ""levels"" weren't even levels. The final level of each act is a single room boss-fight that you are dumped right in.I feel like we would have just been better off playing Gauntlet Legends on our Dreamcast. If you haven't played Hammerwatch and you have a choice between getting that or this, get Hammerwatch instead. You'll thank me later."
76561198057532894,Recommended,258970,16436551,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pelakalaka,Nostalgia.10/10
76561197965560051,Recommended,258970,16437826,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Davolas46,Insanely fun..... I love it.. 4 players real messy too.
76561198122489775,Recommended,258970,16439963,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Show Me The Honey,Fun. Each level has different mechanism.
,Recommended,258970,16479410,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,red_beard,Pretty good gauntlet game
76561197999066096,Recommended,258970,16486588,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Darth_Rattigan,A lightly competetive CO-OP with fast paced action and tense moments of chaotic but classic gameplay make this game one of my new favorite CO-OPs. This is a great rendition of a classic arcade style multiplayer.
76561198040954604,Recommended,258970,16490482,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ZFinalShot,"This is great update from original on Nintendo, still is fun to play! Just wish there was more levels. I would pay for DLC! Hear that devs?!?"
,Not Recommended,258970,16508480,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LordofAcre,"A great game for the first time through, then it's just a mindless grind. I really liked these kinds of games while being younger, but there is no randomization of enemies or anything like other dungeon crawlers. So literally the same experience each time, with just the opportunity to adjust difficulty.If they implmented RNG monsters or RNG elements other than gold drops ect the game would be much better.first time through it's a 7-7.5/10 but the second time around it's like 4-5/10"
,Recommended,258970,16503712,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sheazer,Tried to play unfair with just two people.  Tried to fend off an entire army with my shield.  Failed Gloriously.11/10 would fail gloriously again.
76561197978835542,Not Recommended,258970,12269016,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TAEng,"To avoid any misunderstanding I would NOT recommend this game to anyone. Well, that's not entirely true. If it were sold at 4.99 I'd say go for it, knock yourself out. Okay so 14.99 isn't a king’s ransom but I expected a little more. I, like a fair few of you guys out there, played the arcade original and liked it loads. Hell, if it wasn't for that reason I'd not have looked twice at the title.To my mind Gauntlet was always an extremely limited game, but I foolishly assumed this reboot would inject new life into its old, dried up veins. But no, no it didn't. Okay they've added a few half arsed items, etc, but it's all done with little or no imagination. I suppose that's why it only cost 14.99? I mean come on guys, this is a lazy game that has such a short shelf life. Yes I know it'll get a DLC make over, but at what cost? Another 14.99 for more half-hearted, second hand churn? Not for me, sorry. Anyway, after 17.5 hours I've grown bored of its mindless repetition.Matt.."
76561198043669636,Recommended,258970,12274139,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DRAXS,"great  game,brings back my younger days in the arcades.love it"
,Not Recommended,258970,12275444,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,resuemannet,"The game is definitely fun, but only for as long as it lasts. Playing through the entire storyline with one character took me an afternoon. There's some replay value to be had with harder difficulties and other characters, but the lack of content makes the game feel empty. It would probably be a nice purchase if it was $5.00, but as long as it's $20.00 there just isn't enough of it to make it worth the cost."
76561197971141931,Not Recommended,258970,12284964,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,aaadam,Very tedious game. Rinse & repeat.Was hoping for a baldurs gate RPG.
,Not Recommended,258970,12285158,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,reversethedevil,"this is not the guantlet you're looking for. i bought it for some quick fun with my brother on vacation. this felt more like something in between original gaunlet and light dungeon crawler. play time is under an hour. if you're curious, wait for a sale."
76561197982825732,Recommended,258970,12285773,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Face Champion,This game does so many things well.  One of the best remakes of a game I've played.  You'd do yourself a favor by at least checkin in to this game.   I just got it and cant stay away.   After I splet I popped out of bed and went right back to making my wizard better.
,Recommended,258970,12285969,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[FoeHammer]MetalStrings,"Honestly this is not a bad remake.I find the gameplay is smooth enough to be injoyable, although its a little glitchy. (Probably wil get better with futher patching)One of my biggest gripes with this game is the content.36 levels with 3 bosses, is less content then the game relesesed in 1985.And there are a lot of things that seemed to get lost and forgotten from the origanal.Their are hardly any puzzles and there so simple they could be compared to a toy you use to ocupy a 2 year old.Barley any traps and mechanisms, no invisibility.Bay far the worst part of this game is the relic and potion system.Potions are few and far between, and since you cant purchase them, non existant in boss battles.Clothing and armor is purley aesthetical, which is a bummer.And i feel the characters arent as balanced as they should be.This game really just needs more content.In the future id like to see A better relic and potions system, or atleast make potions more plentiful and buyable.Obviously more complicated levels. AND BOSS BATTLES, WE NEED MORE BOSS BATTLES.Some well thought out patching and some DLC is all this game needs to be addicting.All n all its a solid, fun game. 20 bucks is a little pricey for the amount of content but if you can pick it up on sale, I most certinly would."
,Recommended,258970,12286305,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,COMBAT,"Brings me back to the good old days, love the new twists that adds to the game rather than change it for what it was. A+"
76561197999274600,Not Recommended,258970,12286977,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Toft,"A dissapointment compared to the Dark Legacy game, I expected a lot more from Gauntlet 2014. It's really short, containing 3 different areas. Each area includes 4 levels that rehashes the same map per the area you are in. The first area of a level introduces you to a map, the second level makes you play the first map again, the third level of the map is an arena and the last level of any given area is just the boss fight.There is no longer any character progression in the game. Things like buying new weapons, armor, magic or just upgrading your character at all with money is gone and replaced with an achievement system that gives you extra stats automatically. This really just boils the game down into one long grinding session since the game is so short there really doesn't even need to be an upgrade system.All weapons and armor are purely cosmetic which is also locked behind an achievement wall.The game took me about 2 days to finish and the length is about 3-4 hours long. I think the main reason for why I didn't like this game was how short it was. Dark Legacy had much much more content that made upgrading your character a satisfying experience for me. It was fun starting off really weak and then at the end of the game turning into an unstoppable killing machine so when Gauntlet 2014 ended up being a top-down beatem up game, I got dissapointed. The makers of this game wanted to revive the old arcade gauntlet and while I've never played it, I sure know I had a lot better time playing Dark Legacy than the current Gauntlet today."
76561198063939792,Recommended,258970,12288579,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TopyDim,"Great game, well worth the asking price. Great couch co-op mode. Only downside is that it's a bit too short. I assume  they will add more content, hoping it's soon."
,Recommended,258970,12288948,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,hachoo!,"I bought this game on a whim since it seemed fun and I'm so happy I did.  I never played the original game so I came to this game with a fresh perspective.Gauntlet is a co op action game, I played this game using a wired and wireless 360 controller.   Controls were smooth and responsive, and the game is fun.  I prefer playing valkyrie.My only con is your toons look so tiny on the screen.  I played this on a 24 inch LED monitor, I understand why it has to be tiny since you need to be able to see all the players on the screen, but it would be fun if it they were a bit b igger.  Yes, I could connect it to my bigger LED t.v. but I prefer playing p.c. games on my smaller screen monitor.  This game is much more fun with a friend, you could play this with other players on line but good luck finding experienced players who would share the gold and not eat all the food even if they don't need to :PI hope they make more games like this one :D"
76561198051514836,Recommended,258970,12290271,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,am31008,"Definitely different than the first one 20+ years ago, but in a good way. The different combinations for the wizards spells are completely awesome. I have played all but the elf and looking forward to that real soon."
,Recommended,258970,12424543,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SL5R0,"Gauntlet is a great game to play with friends or even solo. The game is well balanced, and scales in difficulty with the number of people playing. Progression occurs at a steady, but reasonable pace, so you'll be able to conquer those higher difficulties after playing the easier ones though.There are a total of 30 floors to play through, broken into 3 dungeons of 3 chapters each, plus a boss fight. Each chapter takes anywhere from 15-30 minutes to run through, so it's easy to take a break."
76561198157102365,Recommended,258970,12426960,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mosiak-1(8)7,"Ah... How it takes me back... Except, it kind of doesn't... I know it was a very long time ago when Gauntlet was released for N.E.S. an all but if my memory serves me correct you could just turn your system on, pop in the game and go to town... This version is nowhere near as easy :( I've had so many problems with my game I've barely been able to enjoy it at all. If not for all the problems with disconnects and crashing I would give it a 7/10. Probably just for nastalgic reasons alone. But since I am having all the problems with d/c and crashes I'm gonna have to give it a 4/10. Hate to say it, but more of the bugs should have been worked out pre-release or in the beta."
,Recommended,258970,12405719,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[TW] Nime,The only game that makes you fear for your life when you see food
,Recommended,258970,12406842,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ThuBz',7/10
,Recommended,258970,12407652,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Nimaux,Ridiculously addictive and surprisingly challenging
76561198024257044,Recommended,258970,12408820,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dspot,"Fix your game match system, it is constantly putting me in games that are already in progress, can't join any actual groups"
,Recommended,258970,12415635,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,semi,Awesome fast couch and online co-op
76561198045335126,Not Recommended,258970,12415803,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Logic Bomb,"Incredibly disappointing.I was really looking forward to playing a good update to the gauntlet games I grew up loving.  Instead I got choppy sound, awful lag, convoluted controls (the elf and wizard control schemes are obtuse) and a game that refuses to even launch on my laptop, which has more than the minimum specs listed on the store page."
,Not Recommended,258970,12418023,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Billiarpro18,this is my first time posting a review.  The game is really not worth anyone's time unless they relish in old school arcade style games with no flexibility.  If you like POE or DII (DIII sucks in my opinion) you will not like this game.  I am sad that I wasted $20 on this game to be honest.  I have to completely agree with TraceofHatred's review.  Too basic for what you get.  Look elsewhere for fun and excitement.
76561197961315301,Recommended,258970,12323149,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,[Mofo's]Faint of Hearts,Very cool new version of the old arcade game I've know and loved. Only problem is the games too short. Should have had more shards.
,Recommended,258970,12325657,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,JigxorAndy,Great with friends!
,Recommended,258970,12326714,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,OZ 13,"This is exactly what I was wanting when I saw they were making this. The game is like an arcade style dungeon crawler with all the key points gauntlet has always had. The game makes fun of you when you destroy the food, the enemies are basically all one-shottable, and yet you can still get swarmed and then nothing saves you. The respawn system is nice and simple while the difficulty scaling is exactly what it sounds like: Easy mode is just no effort, Normal is moderate, Hard is actually pretty hard if you're not used to your toon yet, and Unfair is just that. The game is just pick up and play while still giving you progression in the replay zone to unlock masteries to assist in dealing with the increasing difficulty.I do have to say I think the first boss is the worst though, if only for the fact that you have to stand still for so long. Also, I love that there isn't a cap on monsters (as far as I can tell) the spawners are on a timer, so if you don't kill fast enough they just keep coming out of the thing until the room fills up and then they can't move cause they are packed in like sardines and you just shoot bombs and spells in their to get massive kill chains."
,Not Recommended,258970,12328015,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,BioHaZarDFoX,"Not impressed at all, this game is a over hyped cash cow nock off with the game play of diablo and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics.when i saw gauntlet was making a new game i was so excited i couldnt even see straight.i love the old game(s) even today i try my hardest to get my gamecube hooked up to my HD tv so i can play gauntlet; dark legacy.if you like the orignal gauntlet(s) then you wont like this. to be honest the only thing that is remotely the same from the old games is how the levels work other then that nooopppppeee!first thing: i think the characters looked better 16 ago when the arcade games were made. and the characters then had more customization.the graphics look good in this one i just think the characters where poorly put together and there is no variaty like the old games.the arcade versions  had mini bosses, a spring loaded death, chalanging final bosses, lots of secrets, golden items, champ skins. interactive maps.regardless im not a fan of this game, want more of my money reboot the gauntlet legends and gauntlet; dark legacy for newer systems and i will pay other than that this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,258970,12328342,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jamie havok,"This game is ok until you realise how much better the originals were! this game has 12 levels! 12 LEVELS!!!!, really, i just played Gauntlet II on the amiga from 1986 and that has a lot of the same mechanics, and 100 levels! yeah the gfx may be worse but in terms of gameplay were just going backwards, the levels in this version arent even that much longer. They should just re release gauntlet ii with online multiplayer and be done with it! If they make more levels or a level editor to open this up to the modding community it may get better!"
,Recommended,258970,12329226,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Yomatius,"Simple, but lots of fun. It really captures the spirit of the original and offers updated graphics and solid challenges.A confession: I like to have a few games where I just do not have to think at all and I just mindlessly get to kill monsters, collect the loot and button mash like a madman. This is one of those games.  The monster killing is satisfying and the difficulty level is good enough to keep you pumping adrenaline. The programmers are updating regularly and keeping tabs to ensure a solid and polished experienced. Good work guys!"
76561198038828407,Recommended,258970,12329583,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,doublejay,Havent managed multiplayer since the update
76561198058720858,Recommended,258970,12237407,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,theyCALLmeMayo,"I like it alot. I think the gold needs more uses, and maybe open the workshop up for the game?"
76561197993639583,Recommended,258970,12237922,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,hediz,Really nostalgic
76561198118524928,Not Recommended,258970,12238204,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jobz,"If you were expecting to find the original Gauntlet series in this... you will NOT recieve the nostalgia you were looking for. The only reason why i would recommend this game is if you have yourself and a couple of buddies to join you.Pros:- Game runs smooth- nice quality- 4 distinctly unique heroes- Wizard hero has 9 different abillities (Through a combination of L♥♥♥♥♥♥ Space, Right Mouse click. which is very natural finger positions for me, Also took me only one room to learn all the spells)- cool new relic system- with friends has good replay quality- Nice range of difficultiesCons:- No more Crystal system for unlocking levels- Extremely Linear levels- Lack of secret rooms and items- less items- one OP hero (wizard)- only 3 Zones- terrible drop in online system (only works in lobby not while in game)- not enough heroesWithout a doubt this game is not worth $20 at best $10. i can see it being worth $20 if they provide us with a couple of free DLC"
,Not Recommended,258970,12238645,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,D-V-RYAN,great game. I love the gameplay and i love how it stays true to the older games. I cannot however get over how many times it is crashing. it crashes for no reason in the middle of a level. fix this.
76561198037395441,Not Recommended,258970,12239264,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,mrq02,"Not interested in playing with a controller, and unable to remap the keys.I bought this game because I have a custom arcade cabinet, but it works by mimicking a full-sized keyboard; without being able to remap the keys, I can't even play 1 player much less try for 4 player local co-op (also apparently the mouse is necessary for whatever reason). So basically I paid $20 for a game I will never play, because the developers were too lazy to program in adjustable key-bindings (which ought to be in every game invented since computer gaming got big in the late 90s/early 00s).Given that so basic of a feature is missing, I have serious doubts about the playability of the rest of the game."
76561198045854941,Not Recommended,258970,12239602,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mepe,"hardly 6 hours of gameplay, not saying that the playing isnt fun but seriously 6 hours?? taking my time...."
,Recommended,258970,12239891,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Gestalt,"Not many games are made to be challenging anymore, that being said Gauntlet is one of the few that still holds true to the term ""difficulty."" Not only is this game challenging and fun, but with friends, family, significant others forget about it, you're in for HOURS of fun. With room to grow Gauntlet leaves plenty to the imagination, buying this game now you will NOT regret it. Expect workshop, expect more levels and dungeons. BUY IT AND HAVE FUN."
,Recommended,258970,12239951,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Lithium Skies,"Pros: +Game is fun as hell, provided you aren't playing the warriorCons: -Warrior sucks absolute balls-""lost connection"" in single player game and was instantly booted to the menu. Diablo much?-Money and perks are per character. I'm on the fence with perks, but not with money.-Global Leader board is a joke-Warrior sucks absolute balls-Friends are locked out, no drop in. I understand public, do not understand private."
76561198081717765,Recommended,258970,12239963,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jadestar,How the heck do you change your control scheme once you've selected it? I choose keyboard/mouse originally but now I want to switch to gamepad.
76561197969631029,Not Recommended,258970,12240753,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Pissy Pants: A Graphic Novel,This game actually bored me.  Might try it again tomorrow.  But probably not.
,Recommended,258970,12240770,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Teh Zodiak,Probably one of the best OldSchool Arcade Games brought back to life ever. Its just as amazing as it was before with an even more difficult aspect to it :)
,Recommended,258970,12241113,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Amby,"It's great if you're looking for the original gauntlet playstyle.However there are a few problems that bother me a lot, unlike the most recent Gauntlet games each person is stuck to one class. IE there can't be two archers, or three mages and a barbarian. Everyone gets one character and that means someone will be stuck playing Thor.. who is outclassed in every way by Thyra the Valkyrie.Thor could use some work, his abilities are pretty basic and as I stated Thyra outclasses him, she attacks faster and hits more damage."
76561198005669112,Recommended,258970,12241807,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,doomhammer31,love it ....really tips its hat to the original... great difficulty settings...inventive play(wow whoever designed wizard...so fun flipping through those spell pages)
