user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,258950,10339303,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,LilMsScareAll,"I just finished 'Montague's Mount' with 2 hours and 10 minutes of in-game time, and I am absolutely blown away. It has been years since I was this disappointed in a video game and/or felt thismisleadby the title's description and the feedback on the Steam store page. I paid less than $2.00 USD for 'Montague's Mount,' and it took me less than 3 hours to defeat it. Honestly, I'm so shocked and appaulled by this game that I want to ban myself from ever pursuing ANY additional PolyPusher Studios projects, and I am loathe to blacklist any developer.If you want ""puzzles"" that are difficult only due to horrible frame rate issues and intentionally obtuse clue placement, and the added bonus of spending 50% or more of your time back-tracking at a slow pace, by all means purchase this title. I was initially impressed with the music and the stormy seascape atmosphere, but I need alittlemore than that from a video game to call it worthwhile. The plot was lackluster, and by the ""climactic ending"" I was totally disinterested; even the creepy kid failed to impress me after the first few encounters.I also question the term ""psychological thriller,"" because this video game is barely suspenseful at best, and the completely predictable decline in the main character's mental process doesn't feel psychological, it just feels like lazy storytelling.When I made the decision to purchase this game, I ignored the awful 'Metascore' (per usual with Steam, especially with Indie games), and focused on the 100% positive reviews in the ""Most Helpful"" category. I cannot believe that not a single Negative review is visible on the store page, and that seems questionable in my book."
,Recommended,258950,8067506,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,spiff,"This is how I like my adventure games. Lots of walking and looking around for stuff. The settings of an Irish island are great, the surroundings (trees and cabins) are drawn good, but I don't know of my video card suited the game cause it all looked a bit weird. You can check my screenshots to see what I mean.At first I played without looking at gamma correction settings and missed some stuff because it was all so dark, after I set it to highest (1.5) I could find all missing stuff to unlock all my achievements.The story telling was very good, it was a lot like ""Dear Esther"" leading to a climax which I won't tell you.I recommend it for those long winter evenings."
,Not Recommended,258950,10409925,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,TokiAGoGo,"The reasons why i wouldnt recommend this game outweigh why i would recommend it unfortunately. Now, the game is a good concept, but there were so many problems with it i just couldnt wait to finish the game. I dont like to just stop playing something because of whatever is wrong with it, so i pushed through because i also wanted to know what the whole story was etc. and give it a chance.Pros:*decent story*atmosphere was ok, it wasn't scary but i still didn't feel ""safe""*nice art but hard to enjoy with a skitzo framerateCons:*gameplay was slow and laggy, choppy framerate. when i finished the game it seems to freeze at the main menu so it didnt register my progress or anything--had to restart my computer and try again, still freezed.*puzzles were extremely fustrating. i like a challenge but these were no fun whatsoever. However when i DID figure them out i felt like a freakin genius lol*with the bad framerate, the walking around, limping at the beginning was just as irritating. i tried fiddling with my settings but some of that didnt even work.*the music/sound affects were a bit annoying but no big deal. not as annoying as the lightning and rain*letters/notes whatever were oft times hard to readAll in all, my biggest dislike is the puzzles because most of the time i had no idea how to work them, it didn't even seem to register when i did use them but i got through the game nonetheless thanks to the option to turn 1 puzzle in particular off. Anyway, i got this game during the 75% off sale if i remember correctly, so for 2 bucks, i cant complain. though if i got it for the original price -,- yeeeeaaa i'd likely bust my computer with a hammer and cry for the waste of money. So i'm in between recommending and not doing so...give it a try if you'd like but there's no proper guides for this game, and it is very long and complicated if you dont know what to do."
76561198015943453,Recommended,258950,11937829,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,solar_dragon_1000,"Montague's Mount is a difficult game to review: It has so much potential, but falls short on certain aspects of gameplay, which makes it difficult sometimes to appreciate and has alienated many players. If there's anything to be taken away from this review, its that patience above all else, is the most important skill the player will have to possess.Like many others, I bought and played this game for two simple reasons: I absolutely enjoyed ""Dear Esther"", and I got given a 80% off coupon, making the game extremely cheap. To be honest, had it not been for the coupon magically landing in my steam account, I would not have heard of this game at all, which reflects rather poorly this game's advertising campaign.I find that many other reviewers have been quick to slate the game and brush it under the carpet as a failed project, but I can't shake the feeling that they have been overly harsh with their judgment: The game isn't as complete and polished as it ought to be, and to be honest, some of the points I will highlight later have proven to be extremely frustrating indeed, as they were deliberately implemented. However, you should find the patience to stick with it and try and scratch below the surface, you may find yourself to be pleasantly surprised.The Story & Setting:The story of Montague's Mount could be described as a melancholic journey where the player attempts to piece together the events that have transpired to himself, his family and the inhabitants of the small Irish community scattered across a small, wind and rain battered island in the Atlantic sea. The plot development closely follows the same mechanics of Dear Esther, by making the player interact with notes, objects and monologues from the main character.The pacing of the narrative is quite regular at the start, but feels rather rushed by the end, which slightly derails the flow of the story. Unlike Dear Esther, not much information about the island and its inhabitants is provided to the player. The same can be said in regards to the causes of the events which have unfolded prior to the protagonist’s joinery, which was slightly disappointing. I travelled around this island and was constantly under the impression that something ancient and potentially malevolent transpired there in ancient time (many ""sacred stone"" and pillars can be seen dotted around the island) and maybe a diary entry or two about these, would provide extra depth into the setting of the story.The translation of all objects in Gaelic is a very nice touch, and the small cultural references that can be found here and there add to the beautiful atmosphere to the game. Anyone which has lived extensively on the British Isles (particularly in small communities, highlands and moors) such as myself, will be quick to relate to how capricious the weather can get and this is very well depicted, as an unrelenting, atrocious weather system which constantly batters the island and the player. The music score is fantastic (a real credit to Andrea Baroni) and melds perfectly with the environment. The dreariness of the island and constant stress amplified by the incessant rain compounds a feeling of constant desperation. On the other hand, the extreme colour desaturation and ""grainy"" effect are overkill and more often than not, get in the way of gameplay (luckily, these can be easily disabled). The lighting and visuals are nowhere near as good as Dear Esther’s and many bugs and poor effects in regards to lighting and shadows become quickly apparent. These are also damaging to the player's immersion into the environment. I can only put this down to lack of experience in game design and I am sure it can be easily fixed. My only other complaint is that the story ends rather abruptly, leaving many questions unanswered. Ambiguous endings are acceptable; Dear Esther pulls it off extremely well, but here I felt like I was left hanging. Maybe they plan an expansion? It's unclear...Finally the horror aspect of the game could have easily been dropped. The atmosphere of the island gives enough of an impact without the ""Ghost boy"" moments, which I'm sorry to say, where rather appalling and failed completely to fit in to the environment.The Gameplay:The gameplay is divided into pacing around the island searching for clues, and puzzle solving activities. Pacing is very slow and the reasoning for this I assume, is that your character is injured/sick and can only hobble around (walking stick). This will most likely exasperate the impatient player, as walking around is pretty much all you do in this game, and I myself often grumbled at the idea of having to go backwards, because of the time and effort to get around... However, I can appreciate the reason why this has been put in place; it adds to the feeling of desperation and allowance for gentle pacing around the environment, giving you time (or possibly forcing you) to take in the sights and in this sense, I don't see it as an issue.The puzzles add an extra dimension to the game which Dear Esther lacked, but they have been the source of major complaints in many of the reviews - Many citing their difficulty and lack of logic.I fully disagree, and it once again boils down to a question of patience. I didn't find these puzzles particularly challenging, if one takes the time to think about them. On several occasions I found myself stuck, not because of the puzzle's logic but because of poor level design an visuals (such as the semaphore diagram being impossible to decipher due to VERY poor lighting and resolution). This does kill the gameplay...The Positives:- Great Atmosphere- More interactive than Dear Esther- Good Voice acting- Beautiful music- Constant sense of desperationThe Negatives:- The aparenaces of ""Ghost Boy""- The MANY bugs (fell into the ocean at one point)- The abrupt ending- Lack of background information about the island- Poor visual effects: Lighting and desaturationSummary:For the price I bought this game for, I feel it was definitely worth it. Anyone who enjoyed Dear Eshter will enjoy this, and the story will compel you to get to the end, despite the game's bugs and shortcomings. My recommendation is that developers should correct the bugs, increase the plot, improve upon the ending and sort out the visual.Then... This game will be a true masterpiece."
,Recommended,258950,11904223,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Trent,"First thing to know:  the awkward, slow walking only lasts for a short time (you have to find something).  Don't be put off!Really liked this game-- solid effort from PolyPusher, IMO.  It looks like some of the criticism it got in some of the reviews was addressed by the patch.  I never played pre-patch, so I can't compare.  Overall I found the game enjoyable, introspective, psychological, and, well, fun.  Love the exploration element with just enough story (and an interesting one) to keep you going.  It's not a long game, but it's not ultra-short, either.  I think the duration is about right.  You might find a puzzle that annoys you for one reason or another, but overall the puzzles are good.  And don't be put off by the clutter of items in the opening area-- the whole game isn't like that.You'll like the game if you like exploration, pretty 3D graphics, immersion, and no timed elements (technically the one mini-game is ""timed"" but if it really bothers you, you can disable it).  It's a pastoral, not an epic.  It rewards taking your time and enjoying the scenery.  Some will find that boring, others will find it just what they want to relax with over a few evenings.You won't like the game if you want to be able to run fast from screen to screen, need action or cool cutscenes, bright colors, an amazing, gripping story, or super-easy or super-hard puzzles.For achievement-hunters, if you pay attention at all, you should have no problem getting 19/20 achievements with a little patience.  The last one (finding the crosses) I only got 19/22 from normal gameplay and had to go back and hunt for the other three, including consulting a guide.  And with one exception, the ones I missed were pretty much in front of my face.Give it a shot.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,258950,13604549,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rolling Ewok,"The short version: LikeDear Estherbut with puzzles.The long version: While it shares a few comparisons withDear Estherin terms of plot and setting--male protagonist wandering alone on a dreary-but-hauntingly-beautiful island--I'd have to say thatMontague's Mountis by far the more disturbing of the two. You are likely to figure out what's going on halfway through, but uncovering the manner in which those things occurred still manages to keep the final reveal from feeling anticlimactic.The inclusion of puzzles obviously sets it apart from DE, and while some of them stumped me for a little while (the Compass Puzzle comes to mind), they didn't inspire an urge to rage quit. I have to admit, I was a little put off by how slow the character was, especially when certain puzzles required retracing my steps. Still, the game establishes the need for limited movement from the very beginning; as a storyteller myself, I do appreciate that foundation even if the gamer in me occasionally kept pressing left shift in hopes the narrator would move that walking stick just a little bit faster!By far, the best part of this entire game is the voice acting. As an American, I'm in no position to comment on the quality of the accent, but he definitely managed to put genuine emotion where it was needed. Ifeltfor him when he began to despair. I felt his frustrations with his marriage. The reading of the last letter also helped the ending from falling too flat. The music in this game was also very lovely and added to the mood of the game.(That said, I wasn't entirely keen on the occasional popping up of quotes, even if they were relevant to one of the game's main themes. It kind of interrupted the immersive atmosphere that otherwise existed.)Speaking of the ending... I was expecting to continue on to the eponymous Mount after that last narration, only to wind up at the title screen! Right now it feels too open-ended. Part of me does think it fits, considering what we learn of the character over the course of the game. Since I've only just finished it, I think I need more time to really turn it over to definitely decide whether or not I liked the ending.Overall:It's worth playing through for the plot and voice acting. The music is appropriate and helps set the mood, the puzzles are an appropriate level of challenging, and if you likedDear Esther--or just point-and-click adventures in general--you'll probably like this as well."
,Not Recommended,258950,11859599,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Remul0k3,"+ Advantages :- A game which knows how to take his time ..- A story midway between Robinson Crusoe, Dear Esther and Myst- Some thoughtful puzzles- A relaxing musical atmosphere- Drawbacks :- ... A game that takes too much time ?- The slow character- The inability to save wherever you want- Technically weakling- The lifetime (between 3 and 4 hours)- The end which will be proposed in the second part.8/20."
76561198013865579,Not Recommended,258950,12717784,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,nilen435,"I kind of liked it. It had a good atmosphere but the story is not that memorable. The puzzels where strange in that why that it sems like they give you the puzzels and then immediately tells you how to solve it. What brings it down a bit is that you walk sooooo slow. That is okey until you miss somthing and must go back and look. Lastly the lighhouse puzzel... it was more badly explained than hard, which forced walking back and forth a few times and at that time the slow walkning killed me."
76561198112866114,Recommended,258950,33176884,Posted: 3 July,all,kyzka,"This bleak walking simulator with a dozen puzzles or so was developed by this companyhttp://www.polypusherstudios.com/looking behind the scenes you'll find that it’s mainly a single developer known as Matt Clifton.Most negative reviews are simply based on some poor decisions made by the developer. He has chosen to pad his game by making the character walk slow, puzzles needing to be solved require you to revisit places you have already explored and items needing to be found are often obscure and easily missed especially since he has chosen a constant torrential downpour weather system which your character gets subjected to on a loop. For instance at the start of the game you are required to find a walking stick as your character is tortured by a stomach churning walking mechanic. I know people that have taken over 15 minutes to find the walking stick as it doesn't really stand out and already those customers are in a bad mood. And while the developer has added information over time trying to walk people through the first few puzzles they are still rather obscure and more often than not will have gamers quickly scurrying for a walkthrough due to frustration of not knowing how to progress or where the item is that they need.In an interview the developer claimed that he wanted to produce a game without scare tactics. So why you’re subjected to a menacing child apparition within the first few minutes of the game is beyond me? You don't need to be a genius to realise that 1) you must be related to the child and 2) the child is dead. Hence any revelation at the end of the game is already ruined within the first couple of minutes. If you want to produce a disturbing environment without jump scares then do that. Instead of producing a silly red herring of a ghost menacingly staring you down, which contradicts every other encounter you have with that same ghost soon thereafter.My biggest beef with the game is the sly gimmick the developer has used by stating that this game is based on a true story. Man has he taken liberties with this statement. While the game starts off with a notion that you maybe a shipwreck survivor with memory loss and over some course of time reveals that your more a publishing immigrant named Teddy who moved with your family to an Island which has somehow been overrun by a plague, the town doctor one of the first settlers takes it upon himself to quarantine certain parts of the island by constructing some make shift gates which end up being the puzzles you need to solve to progress forward and find out what happened to your family. Here I at least salute the developer for coming up with a concept which nicely blends the puzzle elements with the story. I further salute the developer with the story idea of what the doctor ends up doing which makes the situation very dire for the rest of the island. Problem is though that the story isn't really about the plague or the early settlers as both the island and its accompanying ghost is simply a make-believe conjured up in the mind of Teddy who is going through some type of purgatory coming to grips with some actions that he was forced to take under duress. The fact that the island is not real is revealed by the constant template photos that litter the landscape. On top of all this Teddy himself and the plague is simply the developer’s metaphor for major depression and how when confronted with the bleak vision of no hope one becomes isolated and plagued with disturbing imagery.So what part of this story is based on a true story? Simply this, 'the developer' immigrated to Ireland leaving his family behind and felt lonely. With that ridiculous connection you can pretty much call anything a true story. Donkey Kong is based on a true story since I once grabbed a hammer and jumped up and down a few times while brandishing it. Since the developer is often vague and misleading with his artistic license, any noble message that he may be trying to convey is simply lost as a developer trying to big note himself with a trivial sob story about himself.However with all these abrasive trolling mechanics placed aside, the game still managed to wow me with it stylish artistic rendering of an island, on top of that the audio narration is nearly worthy of academy award nomination and the musical score and sound effects would have Hans Zimmer toasting to it with a glass of chardonnay. The dark foreboding story regarding the first settlers on an island and the plague is a tantamount reflection to the dire massacre that many historical civilisations were subjected to.However the best thing about this game for me is the bugs. I had more fun after the game was completed flying up in the sky and exploring than I did with just the normal run. You see the game contains a funny bug where if you scrape yourself at the side of an electrical pylon you will be flung up into the sky, giving you enough time and distance to either land in the ocean and swim around or get flung on top of the mount to explore all those area's you’re not supposed to go since the game is only half finished. This makes the game definitely worthy of a look for speed runners and I really hope the developer does not patch this up as it really gave me a fun time breaking the game.Below is my personal speed run of the game, the video shows how to beat a game which would normally take you 2 -10 hrs in under 20 minutes. My favourite bit is when you get to scare the kid in return by creeping up to him. When it goes on sale, get it and just have some fun...https://youtu.be/QfB1uLkSZBg"
,Recommended,258950,18564606,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,JacquesLeSauve,"I think that how you feel about this game will largely depend upon what you expect or want from it before going in. The tags on the store page say ""Adventure"" and ""Horror"" and ""Walking Simulator"", but to be honest I really think you should downplay the adventure and horror aspects and temper your expectations instead towards the walking part... and add ""Exploration"" and ""Puzzle"" into the mix while you're at it. That's what you'll be doing for the two or three hours it'll take to finish this, slowly walking around a small island, searching for items and using them to complete puzzles whilst also trying to solve the mystery of who you are after a storm has washed you up on a beach and robbed you of your memory.I can't say I actually cared about the protagonist's story all that much as starting off a game by waking up some place with amnesia has been done so many times it's lost its intrigue and impact. And at this point, instead of proving vital to a unique story, it feels more like a device to drip feed the player the details of the past while still keeping them in the present, as well as not have the character know something that the player who's controlling him doesn't. It's probably something of a Catch 22 situation as it's difficult as a storyteller to walk that line of having the player be someone else whilst also not really knowing who they actually are and finding a way to convey that information. But either way, it just didn't grab me.What I found far more interesting, though, was the story of the island itself and how a fatal infection that spread across it affected the now dead people and drove them ever more to desperate measures. And, sure, while your own character is a part of that story, it didn't feel as interesting as the bigger picture. By the end it appears as though the personal story has mostly been answered, so if the intended second/final part of this game ever sees the light of day I really hope it focuses on that and wrapping up your character's story is much more secondary.Gameplay itself is more about having a keen eye and a sharp mind as you track down items and follow clues to figure out how to complete puzzles. But this is another kind of Catch 22 situation as the atmosphere and presentation of the game clashes with actually operating within the world. So much effort is spent on creating the perfect tone that it makes finding objects and clues awkward at times. The entire game takes place at night and many areas are cast in shadow, add to that a film grain effect and the fluctuating colour that regularly drains to make the world completely grey and sometimes figuring out what you're missing really can feel like looking for a needle in a haystack. But while some of these effects are optional, as much as you're making it harder on yourself to leave them on, without them I think it takes away from the greatest aspect of the game, its atmosphere.Moody really doesn't begin to describe it. Throw in some more words like ""brooding"" and ""desolate"" and ""isolated"" and you're getting closer. When I started playing this I decided to do it in the wee small hours of the morning, with no lights on and the windows open to let in the cold air and rustling wind. It genuinely helped immerse me in the world even more, but this only built on what was already perfectly crafted to begin with. As I progressed through the game I began mentally drowning out the presentation as I focused on some of the more irritating puzzle features, but just before I finished it I started backtracking across the island for the sake of an achievement to walk ten kilometres (yes, I'm one of those people. Sometimes I hate myself, too), and that's when it really struck me just how much care and attention went into building a truly incredible atmosphere.Without any objectives to distract me I was able to better notice the details, like the waves lapping at the shore, insects chirpings and lights buzzing, the random coughs of your weather-beaten character, the fact that the greying of the game seems to coincide with the periodic rainfall and accompanying thunderclaps (the intensity of the grey being proportional to how heavy the rain is), or noticing eerie noises seeming to come from different points all around me. Is it an owl hooting somewhere, or my ears playing tricks on me to make it sound like distant children playing among the death and decay of the island, or possibly hidden somewhere crying? It really brought to life a rare feeling for me in a game where I really was immersed completely in my surroundings and overcome with a genuine sense of almost alien solitude and curious wonder, intrigue to explore but apprehension of the unknown. This really is as fine an example as you're going to see of how to craft an environment to evoke real feelings in a player.The game did take a bit of a bashing upon initial release, but it seems to have gotten better with additional updates and tweaks based on user feedback. I really do hope the negativity won't discourage the developer from carrying on with the conclusion, and if anything will use it as constructive criticism to further improve upon what he's already made. And if we're really, lucky Derek Riddell will also return to lend his excellent voice-over talents once more. As flawed as it may be, I really do think this deserves to be experienced by every fan of the genre. Look up a guide if you have to, mess with some settings if need be, but give it a chance and I think you'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,258950,12299964,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Loaderini,"The best element of the game is its atmosphere. I left my character standing near the sea, next to a lighthouse, in front of a wooden door banging on a wall because of the strong wind: and I felt that it wasreal, all of it.I liked the music very much, too bad no soundtrack music tracks came with the game. The puzzles are very few and they are mostly very simple, you won't be frustrated by them.The way the character develops has a nice evolution to it and his voice fits very well to the general atmosphere. The notes that you find every now and then would be boring and useless if the character's voice was not good. Instead, they are a nice part of the game thanks to the good voice-acting. There are some graphic bugs, which is no wonder since the game was essentialy created by one person.In my eyes, the whole game is a big achievement."
76561197994233364,Recommended,258950,11707223,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,٦Ŋφλμǿᶙﮖ,"""This f***ing island, this f***ing rain, this f***ing bleakness!!!"" (с) Protagonist.+Great tense atmosphere, intriguing plot(for the first half of the gameplay at least),good puzzles(more for relax, not for brainstorming),highly artistic voice.-Complete darkness.A good old oil lantern would not hurt.Movement and speed.Imagine yourself crossing, for example, Tamriel from border to border on foot without ""run"" button.Bugs.I had an issue of losing a half of checkpoints right before the ending, so watched someone else's video of beating the game.Wholeness.The game is not finished, storyline brokes on a halfway (but developers prompt us about it in description).P.S. In spite of all weak points I enjoyed playing the game and would recommend buying it when on sale. In my case I got a foil card dropped while playing and it twice covered the costs :D"
,Recommended,258950,11945594,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,blessthefall,"Montague's Mount is a unique adventure game where you explore an abandoned Irish island.What I liked about the game:*interesting story*unique atmosphere*good music that fits the landscape*interesting idea*nice color scheme*puzzlesWhat i didn't like:*fps drops at times*puzzles can get annoying at times because some objects needed are not clearly visible, blending in the grayscale landscape"
76561197983819103,Recommended,258950,30775858,Posted: 27 March,all,Nederbörd,"Got this game on at a lower price thanks to one of those discount slips you get based on what games you play. In my case, I got it for playing Dear Esther.The resemblance between the two games is readily apparent: both take place on a seemingly abandoned British island; both have a dark, sombre tone; both a walking simulators (though Montague's Mount features puzzles and an inventory, which Dear Esther lacked); both have rather similar musical scores; and both hint at themes of significant loss.Both also have some mildly scary psychological horror elements, but are perfectly harmless in such. Dear Esther only has scary sounds, while Montague's Mount features some sort of ghost (I think), with the only scary interaction is early on when he blinks to right in front of few from live 7 metres away. While this initial thing kept me from playing the game during dark (because I'm a real scaredy cat), it didn't detract from the experience, keeping me on my toes while never actually bothering me with cheap jump scares or any other nightmare fuel.After all, the focus of this game is on exploration, story and puzzles. The puzzles are great, requiring quite a bit of thinking and a few breaks inbetween play sessions (to refresh your perspective), but I never had to resort to any guides to figure one out. Objects are fairly easy to spot too, usually by their faint glow or highlight (which can be turned of, IIRC), though a fair for about one mission critical object hidden in a desk drawer. A problem with this game is that a lot of objects are non-interactable, and even on the generally interactable ones, only parts of them are. For example, you can only open one of the closet doors, but there are two drawers in the bottom that are quite easy to miss due to its small size, or to quickly dismiss as decorative if you don't. This issue kept me running about looking for that a certain piece of paper for over an hour.Still, the solutions I tried to come up with were quite inventive, as you start putting various numbers together into various combinations based on the little information you're given. I must admit that even though they didn't work, the process of elimination and trial and error was many times more enjoyable than solving the puzzle itself, which really goes to show the care taken into crafting a game that not only gives you an experience, but actively stimulates your creative and deductive abilities as well. Few games manage to affect me that way, and considering that this was made by a small-time producer, hat's off to them!Overall, I'd say this qualifies as a first-person adventure game more than merely a walking simulator, given the amount of puzzle solving and object collection it involves. Gameplay-wise, it's very minimalistic, with no HUD to speak of, and a very modest inventory (both spatially and visually), resembling Grim Fandango in that aspect. Its dark and dreary and particularly foreboding atmosphere, however, coupled with its story, revealed through Amnesia-style notes read in a wonderful Irish accent, combine with the mechanics seamlessly to make this a humble yet very enjoyable experience; and I can highly recommend it to anyone who liked adventure games, puzzle solving or story-driven games in general."
76561197987220712,Not Recommended,258950,22467402,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,{ℳℱ} Miyu-Chan,Painfully long. And the grainy quality gave me migranes so i could only play bits at a time. The limping in the beginning was especially irritating. The puzzles had a good challenge though.
,Not Recommended,258950,29379891,Posted: 20 January,all,NishiLion,"It is way too much of a walking simulator to enjoy the actual game. You do have to solve puzzles but backtracking takes so long. God forbid you don't pick up the walking stick in the beginning. You go from a snail's pace to a turtle's.The story is okay at first glance, but if you look at it by itself, you realize it's extremely short and only seems to be filled with content because of how slow you're walking.As far as horror goes, nothing too scary, but the ambience is nice.Easy 100% if you can stand walking this slow4/10 Walking Sticks"
,Not Recommended,258950,7770902,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,kat.zygfryd,"In the vein of pixel hunting adventure games, the only challenge to Montague's Mount's puzzles is finding all the pieces. The plot is vague and fails to pull you in, and doesn't make an effort to bond you with the characters before ineptly trying to evoke empathy. For some strange reason the game gives translations in gaelic, perhaps you need to be Irish to feel moved by it.While the graphics are nice for a low-budget title, the music is bland and the voice acting unconvincing - although maybe that is better attributed to the writing."
76561197994782386,Recommended,258950,11829738,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,uka7777,"Surprisingly, it is a very nice little thing!Not much of a thriller or horror, but very stylish (black and white!), slow-paced (a big advantage for me) exploration of a deserted island. I liked it more than 'Dear Esther' - it has not only intriguing story, but inventory and puzzles as well, just like a good adventure game. Reminds more of Myst-like games.Recommended to all adventure lovers! And a sequel is certainly needed."
,Recommended,258950,23141537,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,zaphodikus,"Montagues Mount is a real story of an internal struggle to live with the authors own demons. A game using storytelling, puzzles, and a beautifully rendered yet dark simulation which the player explores, all the while unfolding tragedy after tragedy. A linear story yet wide open to interpretation, but be sure to tweak up the brightness a bit first.Montagues Mount is an admirable one-man effort. Like many games in the genre, it has unique mood elements and features like Oculus Rift support. One such clever immersion trick is the way all items in the game are labelled in Irish (with English translations of course.) All of which smooths over the horror and the harshness of isolation. Is Aine still alive?Getting to the top of the mount should take about an hour, 2 at most. If you like this short story, first try out Dear Esther and others like To the Moon, Trauma, Gone Home and The Novelist."
,Recommended,258950,23429063,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,molokaicreeper,"If you're looking to ""have fun and laugh"" be careful; this might not be the game for you.  This is more of a how-to-handle-tragedy/depression/sickness/solitude-game... if that is helpful in any way.  It is a first-person, puzzle AND adventure game, with a touch of ""real-life"" drama and a small amount of terror.Wake up in a deserted island INJURED and not able to walk pretty much, and solve puzzles to ""get out"" if you can.  Simple enough?..  It's night-time... or at least you will never see the light of day, it's raining/pouring most of the time, the letters you find scattered in the island will be very clear about the horrible weather in the island.I can't speak much more without giving too much away... but I will say this much, the ambient sounds are eerie.... there is NO way to play this game without imagining a creature of some sort jumping onto your path and dismembering you, (for example: the poison zombies from Half-Life 2 which I passed once on a friend's account).... the game is very succesful in making you feel horribly eerie while there is NOTHING that can actually happen to you... it is almost unbelievable that you will not ""die"" at some point.  Keeping me in that suspense was, fun!  I remember saying ""there is no way I will believe that someone or something wont hack me to pieces at any second!"" heheIt's that feeling you get when you're in the woods (vs. being in the city) thinking something out of the shadows will murder you.  Truth is, you're in more danger in the city (ironic lol).  You need to know city life to know the feeling lolThe only real issue I do have, is all the debris in the island, makes you wonder if the place got hit by a tornado... (it couldn't have, the rains are hard but not tornado-like).  Ah, YES forgot to mention; there is a morse-code puzzle!!  I love morse code!Anyway, do observe everything closely... specially the floor.  There are so many items you can miss.  Saving feature is not so great, but the game saves everytime you solve a puzzle (no dude, opening a gate is not a puzzle... at least not in the prologue) so it is fair."
,Not Recommended,258950,14455467,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,potroastboy99,"Well, I don't exactly know what I was expecting, but it wasn't this. It was boring, had a story that was going nowhere, and it was oh so very slow. When I saw the game on Steam I thought it would be at least a bit suspenseful, but the devs wouldn't even give us that. Hell, there's no ending to the game. There's a cliffhanger for a sequel, but I highly doubt that one will see the light of day.Cons: you can't run, tedious puzzles, banal and predictable plot, everything is dark as ever living hell, and there's no ending. Also the story makes very little sense.Pros: it looks pretty and there's a dead kid."
76561198096079278,Not Recommended,258950,12062072,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,FriendFive,"UPDATED: This review started out as ""Not Recommended"" because it was unplayable for me for quite awhile due to technical problems; I couldn't play the game for more than a few minutes before it crashed Then I figured out how to get my dual Radeon HD 6950s to work with it; I believe there was a patch also that probably fixed things for me. So after playing the game for awhile, I changed my review to 'Recommend"". It was my sort of game. I tend to gravitate toward these type of creepy walking simulator games and sometimes they end up being disappointing or utter trash (like ""All Is Dust""). Well, this game was drawing me in, but now that I have finished it, I have to say that the ending was disappointing. I am sick of all these games these days with ambiguous endings.Here's what I liked about the game:The atmosphere and the setup and the voice acting, music, and sound effects do a good job of setting the tone.Here's what I didn't like. The puzzles were either spelled out for you, or so incredibly obtuse. Sometimes the game would give you a big clue for the puzzle, but then when you try to do that, it's not what is necessary to solve the puzzle; the solution is much easier than what the clue tells you. ( I am thinking about the plinith puzzle).The save system is annoying with checkpoints that don't always remember what things you partially accomplished. Sometimes the items you need are in really dark areas amidst lots of debris and trash (Yes, I did turn on the option to make those items glow red when you mouse over them).The ending wasn't worth it to me all of the slow-walking around I did with the backtracking and the weird puzzles and odd ""rules"" like I can only carry 5 items at a time. Even when I got the game to run with my video cards, I still had technical problems that made playing annoying. My mouse cursor kept ""going out of the game"" to my Windows desktop on my other monitor and that was constantly breaking immersion.When I had switched my review from ""Not Recommend"" to ""Recommend"" I said I was gald that I gave the game a second chance and that I hoped the story's ending wouldn't disappoint. Well, it did disappoint, so here I am back at ""Not Recommend"". I really wanted to like this game a lot more, but it was a grind to get through it, even though it's such a relatively short game. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,258950,14326420,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,LeithalWeapon,"""Based on a What Now?""First off, I'll admit. I wasn't a fan of Dear Esther. I did, however, like Gone Home, so I'm going to assume I'm not just biased and go from there.MM is a short horror/exploration game that follows a familiar trope. Your character has amnesia (why? Who knows.) and you must travel the island finding hints and clues about what happened there in hopes of finding out your own identity.It plays relatively well. I've seen a lot of people complain about the walking speed, but I didn't think it was too savagely slow, although the many, many to-ing and fro-ings required to solve some puzzles do make it frustrating. If memory serves, though, Esther and other games like it have been slower in the travelling.I can't say much about the graphics. I turned off the grainy quality because it made it impossible to read signs, and so I didn't see what the creator intended. But I found myself frequently wanting to turn the lighting up, and I missed a few puzzle pieces for a LONG time because they vanished in shadows.Honestly, the only thing that kept me going was the idea that this was based on a true story; I wanted to know what the disease was, if that was the true part, or if it was the man's family life and his apparent struggle with mental illness and all the things we find out happened with his life on the island. If that's the reason you want to play, I'm gonna say it right now - don't. You'll feel jipped when you find out that the 'based on a true story' really means that the creator moved to Ireland with his wife and had some cultural and language barriers to overcome. That's the parallel to the game. So if you're in this for the story, hoping it'll have more true-to-life and less hackneyed-cliche elements than others, then don't waste your time.The story is ... okay. You, obviously, don't get to know EVERYTHING, because they saved some for a sequel, but it's interesting enough that I kept going. If you've played more than one similar game, however, you'll have guessed the entire plot when you get ten minutes in. It doesn't overcome the difficulties in gameplaya nd visuals that make this game a slog to get through. (Maybe that's something we should guess from the fact that there's an achievement for playing it for three whole hours?)Basically, if you're mad into the genre and actually enjoy the plot elements and gameplay, and want some SERIOUSLY over-wrought puzzles, then you might just enjoy this. If you need a little more than that, then this is probably just going to disappoint."
,Not Recommended,258950,33447329,Posted: 10 July,all,LovelyHylian,"Sooo... First, the walking stick bit in the beginning of the game...I don't get seasick / motion sick from games... But this game managed..Good starting point.. So I find the stick and move forward enough that I'm to the part where I cross the bridge..Did you know, if you walk at the right angle that bridge will SHOOT YOU UP into the air? Surprise! So I had a lovely eagle-eye view of the island...And then when I landed, deciding to walk forward cause why not, I end up inside of this boulder the game dev designed lol.. Interesting game.. The bridge caused me to be stuck past the part I was meant to solve so I can't unlock that part, though.. Fun times."
76561198004678281,Not Recommended,258950,12087229,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Candy Corpse,"If you can get the game for under 5 Bucks AND have nothing better to do, grab it, otherwise ignore it and move on...- The atmosphere and immersion are good ....  for about an hour. Then the game boils down to a boring ""Let's get it over with"".- Puzzle feel forced into the game, are often illogical and even now buged. (The last puzzle even had a game breaking bug, keeping me from finishing the game, had to watch the end on youtube...- Story would have been ok, but the presentation and structure is poor and story is only advanced through journal entries that are placed along the road like save game tokens... very unimmersive.- graphic is ok-ish..."
,Not Recommended,258950,11796509,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Nostalgianator,"NOTE: I DID NOT FINISH THE GAME! It is possible the game got better as it progressed, but I can only rewiew the first hour or so of gameplay as I quit after this point.Going into Montague's Mount, I really, really, desperately wanted to like it. An Indie Horror Adventure game akin to walking simulators such as Dear Esther, this game had every reason for me to like it from the word ""go"". As I quickly discovered in the first few minutes of gameplay, however, the game became much less enjoyable upon being played. The walking controls were clunky and non-fluid (as if you were walking through a vat of pancake batter with one leg completely shattered), the graphics were nothing to write home about (even on maximum settings), the voice acting was quiet and non-impressive, and ultimately the game was far too repetitive to hold my interest. The game eased into a pattern of simply running back and forth from location to location collecting items to solve further puzzles with no real merit or value behind any of it. Even the puzzles themselves were often incoherent; not really connected in any particular way and often quite difficult to solve. As I said above I did not finish the game (despite the time it says on my activity I only played it for a little over an hour), and it is possible that the game becomes more enjoyable in the later stages, but from my experience I'd recommend passing this game up. Save up your money and time for games that do what this one is meant to do, such as Dear Esther or (nobody hit me) even Amensia: A Machine for Pigs."
76561198092551479,Not Recommended,258950,16639661,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Draymora,"While the atmosphere is on point the rest of the game is just too all over the place. The constant wobbling of the character makes it hard to look at things and lighting is bad in that you can't see the notes that are supposed to give you information on what to do. Puzzles aren't all linear, which is kind of nice but some frustrating that you just might need a guide to get through (if you can find one!). The lack of saving at any time is annoying as you'll likely be forced to repeat steps you have already done and wonder if you've already done something or not. Overall, would not recommend for the lightharded or easily frustrated but some fun can be had in the puzzles if you are willing to work for it."
,Recommended,258950,11911214,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Sirfy ➷🐝,"The game isn't all THAT bad if you know what to expect. I read the reviews before buying, so I knew to have much lower expectations of it.It's NOT worth 10$, but if you recieved an 80% off coupon, I think it's worth the 2$. The tags and description is pretty misleading. I saw ""psychological thriller"" with the ""horror"" tag and was expecting some creepy stuff. [spolier]The only creepy thing about this game was that damn little kid that just appears. And really its not even that creepy.[/spoiler]In all though, the mild story is pretty interesting. Keeping in mind throught the game that someone went through a similar psychological experience. (I'm still searching for the original story that the game was based on.) Most of the puzzles are easy enough and they're a bit fun to figure out. One or 2 are far more annoying than they should be...you'll know 'em when you see 'em. Though the grey bleakness gives it a good touch, it could be improved upon to be less annoying. The most annoying thing about the game is how slow you walk. When you have to back-track, it gets rather tiresome to take so long to do so.The ending does make me look forward to the second part...if they ever go through with it. Interested in seeing where it goes and what improvements they make.I WOULD recommend giving this game a try ONLY if you get it super-discounted. I would NOT recommend buying it full-price though. NOT worth 10$ but worth experencing for ~2$"
,Recommended,258950,13118482,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"are you patient? do you like a puzzle that takes time and isn't just immediately in your face and just takes a second to figure out? do you like atmosphere in your games? a good yarn? don't think of it as Dear Esther with puzzles. don't think of it as another indie walking simulator (i hate that term). If you wanna go somewhere lonesome and see what's what, give it a shot. if you need easy answers, bright colors or action set-pieces, that's cool. but it ain't here. Really lovely work."
,Not Recommended,258950,13840216,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nostalaris,"Uninteresting, not scary, I wouldn't even call it atmospheric, I'd call it depressing. There are so many games you could play which perform better in the areas this game tries (and fails) to compete in. If you enjoy walking around in a greyscale world and feeling depressed then sure, go ahead and buy it, otherwise steer clear."
,Not Recommended,258950,17641355,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mach,"Not really a puzzle/adventure game as much as a quest to try to find objects in the dark.  Many of the ""puzzles"" that do exist are provided with flat out instructions that say ""you need to find these things and then do this in order to progress"".  There really isn't a whole lot of thought required to complete the game...just a little patience in trying to find the required objects in most cases.  While I have to admit that there were one or two times when I had trouble finding the next piece of the puzzle, most of the time I stumbled across what I needed before I even knew I needed it.  I somehow managed to find every last one of the hidden/secret areas without even trying, while simply exploring the island in a logical manner.Overall, the game wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't great either.  If I had to pay full price, I probably would have been dissapointed in the purchase.  I purchased this game via a discount coupon and would have to say it was worth the couple of dollars I spent.  If you get a chance to get this game at a deeply discounted price, then by all means, go for it.  If you are on the fence about paying full price, I would recommend you look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,258950,13148241,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,wormsbuh,"game was short and really annoying as you go back and forth at an incredibly slow pace, there are NO puzzles just things you have to do one after another, ambiance is not immersive and there is nothing scary or thrilling at all, plus an uninteresting story. WORST PURCHASE EVER !"
,Recommended,258950,9186153,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,demonofshoes,"the best way to think of this game is a ""dear ester"" with puzzles. i has a wonderful atmosphere, great visuals and brilliant voice acting.  the puzzles themselves are never too challenging but neither are they insultingly easy.however it's not all good. the pace of the game is excrucinatly slow, if there was any game that needed a run option this would be it. this is made all the much worse with some of the backtracking you need to do in the game, either to get to the next area or search for that last piece of the puzzle you missed. there are several set pieces that seem to take way too long (such as doors opening) and even some of the cutscenes which didn't really add to the story.unfortunatley steam only has a like and a not like option with no inbetween which is what i would give this game. if they can sort out these small issues would deffinately be a like."
,Recommended,258950,13419323,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mainsail,"When I first started playing this game, I was not sure what to expect, and I ended up really enjoying it. It is very well made, with an amazing soundtrack. The one negative point: it is very short (took me about 3 hours to complete)."
,Recommended,258950,14443641,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Emblem Parade,"I'm annoyed by the negative reviews for this game. Very annoyed, because I fear they will keep this excellent game from getting the sequel it deserves. :(But first, let's start with my review, which is very positive.This game is primarily about atmospheric immersion, fostered by excellent graphics, sound, color, and lighting design, especially for weather. The rain beats on you throughout almost the entire game, the world is gray, and you can almost feel the sting of the wind shaking the bushes and trees and ocean. Those precious few moments where there is a break in the clouds and some color fills the world seem especially precious. (A great time to hunt for hidden objects, too!) The world (an island) is thoughtfully designed, and it's quite neat to see all the pieces come together as you explore it. The Irish pride is very apparent, with all names translated from Gaelic, and a few flags to remind you, in case you forgot.And thereisa story, a very clear one, with a clear ending in which some of the core questions are resolved, and yet there are still unanswered issues demanding a sequel.And this is no ""walking sim"": it's a real game with real puzzles, some of them quite challenging indeed. It's not as hard as Myst/Riven for sure, but a few puzzles don't give much indication if you're on the right path. They're not the best puzzles I've seen in adventure games, but are far from the worst, and there is quite some satisfaction in completing them on your own. There are also achievements, which involve finding some hidden items, many of them very difficult to find. I would have been quite lost without a guide! Note that you can finish the game and then easily go back to various checkpoints to find the hidden objects you missed, so there's no need to get anxious about achievements during your first run.So, what's with all the negative reviews?Some of them are from people who just have no interest in atmospheric games: because you can't run here and are forced to move quite slowly, they dismiss it as a ""walking sim."" Honestly, you don't walkthatslowly in Montague's Mount, the island is rather small, and all in all you are rewarded with the gorgeous environment for those few times you do need some patience. I didn't feel like this part of the game was tedious at all. Hell, you need much more patience to get around in Skyrim!On the other hand, there are those people who compare Montague's Mount negatively to Dear Esther. There are embarrassingly obvious similarities that do beg a comparison: both games take place on barren, gray, northern islands, and involve uncovering a dead past. But, whereas people complained that Dear Esther didn't have any real ""game"" to it now they are complaining that Montague's Mount's puzzles are too nonsensical! There's just no pleasing some people.Dear Esther's textures and lights are better designed, but Montague's Mount still has a lot going for it visually, and though it looks less gorgeous and lush, it's still quite beautiful and immersive.My only real complaint is that the physics are a bit buggy. In a few cases I was sure I clicked something, only to return later to find that I didn't. Super big hint:make sure to check all the drawers!If anything I wrote here appealed to you,pleaseplay the game and leave an honest, hopefully positive review. I would really like to see a part 2 in the future!Finally: I'd like to thank the developer for supporting Linux so well."
76561198110483386,Recommended,258950,14008604,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TarjaS,"The first time I heard about this game was when I got a coupon for it. The reviews made me hesitate a bit, but 2€ is a price I can pay for some exploration. It was worth it. I liked the story and atmosphere and scenery, but some puzzles were so hard to figure out that I had to resort to a guide.The thing that most bothered me was the interruptions in pace by unnecessary cutscenes and quotes. I liked the slow walking pace and I tend to take my time and look around and explore everything in games like this, but I don't like being forced to look into a certain direction at a certain moment when there is no need for it. And the appearances of the boy were definitely annoying.Still, despite the game's slight pretentiousness, the overall experience was positive and I think I will be playing the second part, if it gets published."
,Recommended,258950,9240320,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Captain Birdseye,"A beautiful title that promotes a beautiful language, most of the reviews that are negative are unfortunately biased towards either the genre or the style of gameplay. (dont buy games you know you wont like, or do research before you buy. just because you dont like a game doesnt mean it is bad, just not to your taste)it is a walking simulator with some satisfyingly complex puzzles and intriguing story line. beautiful atmosphere and phenomenal sounds and music. i would reccomend this to any one who likes a challenging puzzle, exploration and just generally looking at the scenery. treat this game as if it were a painting, it makes you think and its nice to look at.id give it a 8.5 out of 10 as it achieved its goal in providing an interesting thought provoker and good story line, but the graphics pop in can be a tad irritating. all in all i hope part 2 gets finished soon!"
,Not Recommended,258950,24769052,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DracoMalus,"This is a very slow, tedious, ultimately boring game.There is one movement speed.  Slow.  Movement isn't the only slow thing.  The result of many actions are slow.  Just solved the puzzle to unblock the path?  The animation for the path becoming unblocked takes longer than it took to solve the puzzle for it.Puzzles can bug out and not work correctly.  One puzzle late in the game I had to exit and reload a check point 3 times before solving teh puzzle did what it was supposed to do.  Another part of a puzzle that had 2 parts had each part fail on me.  So bugs, yeah.There are a coupel of note sthat are hard to read because you can't get close enough to them.  In particular the one on the first beach near the start.The narrative, as with most games, is told through finding journal entries along the way and some protagonist commentary.  The problem here is that by teh end of the game the entries seem somewhat unconnected, vague, and not very revealing.  Through certain ones and a typically boring cliche you should figure out the ""twist"" well before it happens, though once you do you're left with even more question because you discover this is more like an ""Episode 1"" than a full experience.Another aspect of the narrative is that despite the depressing soundtrack and the despondent vocalizations of the protagonist there really is nothing that sets up anykind of emotional atachment to any character in this game.   I feel no sorrow for this guy or his troubles even at the (poor) attempt at a shocking emotional twist (which I mentioned before you see coming a mile away).  The narative sets you up for a depresisng story but fails to deliver any kind of connection to deliver.The graphics are ok for small indie game but they won't blow you away.   Despite an above average gaming rig the performace was pretty poor, but you can tweak the visuals...film grain seem to be the biggest performance hit, but even at low setting frame rates aren't where the should be.  There are areas where the camera can get hun up and it will jitter sometimes but I never got stuck.There are only checkpoint saves, and that was problematic when I had to reload several times to finish the last puzzle as the last check point was well before then.  Manual saves to me are a must so this is a big failure to me.Controls are minimal and you can configure the keys to your liking.  The only key I saw necessary to change was the inventory key as it was the only key used that wasn't on the left side of the keyboard.  The game has ""partial"" controller support but it absolutely useless to use a controller so don't even try.The music was simple and repetitive and as I said, meant to set a depressing tone.  Audio quality is also minimal, but nothing bad.All in all this is a novice attempt at somber adventure game.  While the bugs can be mostly overlooked sadly it fails in both pacing and narrative to be an experience I wouldn't recommend let alone return to."
,Not Recommended,258950,25517448,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Protocat,"It just boring, no where near as engaging as Dear Easter"
76561197973960012,Recommended,258950,25643951,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,|HP|SeeEmilyPlay,"A bleak and sad story, but interesting nonetheless. Based on a true story. Very atmospheric and good voice acting.Lots of puzzles that you need to do to unlock each section, so if you don't like puzzles with a story telling, this isn't for you.  7/10"
,Not Recommended,258950,33980583,Posted: 2 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Adventure - WS - Walking SimulatorAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Think low ambitions myst with underpar everything.Drab, Gray, Drawn out, Too many pointless easter eggs, descriptions come up IKEA style with english and funny foreign text. Narrative cliched, amnesiac protagonist. Level design very corridor like with pockets of hidden nooks. Hidden objects meld with decor and grayness and are hard to spot. Progression involves a lot of backtracking. Many puzzles are cryptic, such as decoding morse code or going inch by inch to find a drawer on one interactable piece of furniture. Many puzzles require hunting multiple tiny gray parts of objects to combine them together. Mechanical puzzles are frustrating, easter eggs bring nothing to the experience. Plot explains away puzzle with a nonsensical plague where residents tried to contain the plague by putting latches on gates (what the...). Extremely boring. Being remade and a second part has been kickastarted by I was not entertained at all. The headbobbing at the game start is annoying, there is no run, the walk speed is slow, the walking stick does not help nearly enough. Inventory limit is annoying. Possible to get stuck in terrain or fall off map bounds by accident. Game does not have a menu to adjust brightness and game is too dark making item finding and navigation needlessly difficult without adding atmosphere. The plot delivery system through notes is tedious, slow, and not interesting. Setting does not feel real. Island is too empty. Too much recycling of assets with the same framed pictures and broken vinyl records all over the island. Felt like a waste of time to get through. The film grain effect gave the visuals a cheap dated look. The game shamelessly puts a hint guide in the form of complex solution diagrams here and there to help with the ridiculous puzzles which hurts immersion."
76561198084644508,Recommended,258950,9738158,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,kspencer,"I really don't understand why people have a problem with this game. I will happily admit that I'm not an expert gamer, but I completed it today without resorting to any hints or guides (except for the plinth puzzle, which was my own fault for not realising that I had a compass).If you like Dear Esther you will like this. The Metacritic score is ridiculous, I would give this a clear 80% (I'd give DE 90%).Just turn the film grain off and yes, the very beginning may give you motion sickness but you should find the walking stick within five minutes and from then everything is great.Very atmospheric, loved the soundtrack, storyline and Celtic influence. Can't wait for the second part!"
,Not Recommended,258950,17107052,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mr. 47,"Booooriiiing! I fell asleep several times during the game. So much like ""DEAR ESTHER"". I like immersive games, but ""walking simulators"" sucks.------Entediante. Caí no sono várias vezes jogando isso. Como quando joguei ""DEAR ESTHER"". Sou fã de MYST, gosto de jogos imersivos, mas ""simulador de caminhada"", aí já é demais."
76561198116574850,Not Recommended,258950,17509047,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,marnum.star,"Even though I like riddles I didn't like this game a lot. It just takes too long to get from one place to the next. The colors are all grey and somehow it all just seems confusing. On the other hand if you like to have a game that makes you feel like a seasick person just washed upon the shore, this is what you've been looking for."
,Recommended,258950,11915638,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Stormy,"tl,dr: I get the feeling this game was a college project that got out of hand. I can't recommend buying this game at full price but if you see it on sale pick it up.This game has some really well composed environments and the engine has some very nice shading options, but the model and texture artists seem to have been modelling for a bygone era. There is a lot of low detail models and textures that could be so much more detailed. The environments are really well composed. A lot of places look very pretty and screenshottable except for the noticeably low resolution textures andrepetetive models. Maybe you guys only had one artist and he was under the pump the entire time? Usually low detail wouldn't bother me but for a game that so heavily advertises its art, and has a setting for 'superb' on graphics, I was expecting something more... impressive. Considering the game was released in 2013, I saw no baked normal maps and the normal maps I did see were obviously generated in photoshop from images. The environment composition was great but the models and textures themselves left me feeling unfulfilled and alienated.As for the timing of the release, I'm sure you guys have had some pressure from comparison to Dear Esther. And I gotta say, you invited it. Guess which game I am summarizing: A quiet, piano fuelled romp along a deserted island with some old pom narrating about a sickness that cleaned the island out. Gameplay focus on exploration in pretty, gritty environment. Some scaryish bits. After playing both I'll attest they are quite different, but those who liked one would like the other. Maybe you could have delayed the release for a little while, focussed on some of the problems and then released to an audience with not such a fresh memory of your direct competition? More time to bake those normal maps too.The gameplay itself showed some bad design decisions. For instance, the massive camera shake at the start. I think I played this how it was supposed to be played - late at night, lights off, headphones in - and I think you guys were trying to force the player to feel like a concussion victim. I know I did and I don't usually have motion issues. When I did finally get the walking stick it was a bittoomuch of a relief. Also the first part with the kid laughing was badly executed. I didn't know if I was still in a cutscene or not because the screen still letterboxes until the player moves. The laughing track was repeated and not creepy and there was no creepy leadup to that scene so it felt really out of place.What this gamedoesshow though, is the capability of a team to band together and get some♥♥♥♥♥♥done. The game seems programmatically sound and, even though there are some bugs and strange occasions, it all works well enough. If this was the entire work of two or three people then I applaud your efforts for getting this thing out the door and shipped on steam. You can only go up from here. If this was a big team then I'm not very impressed with the net product. I'm going to recommend this game though because I like seeing small game studios like you guys get publicity and go on to greater things. Fills me with hope. Hoy ti, mañana yo."
,Recommended,258950,11815442,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Sire,"Are you a fan of isolation, bleak locales, vague stories and pathways blocked by puzzles to do simple things like open a door, or lower a bridge? If so, Montague's Mount is right for you.You start the game hobbling on a beach and lo and behold, you don't remember a thing. There's things strewn about and everything is derelicte, your first task is finding a stick to use as a crutch which will thankfully stop you from limping and move at a nice walking pace. You'll find a couple notes in the beginning of the game about how to do things and interact with everything, which is really nice, but for the most part you're kind of on your own. That's pretty par for the course for these games and it's better that way, though I did find myself checking a Steam guide every now and then when I got stuck.Overall the game is fun, if you like these slow and atmospheric titles, but the game does have a couple issues. First, you're slow, now you're not terribly slow but the way the game works is that you open up more and more of the island in a somewhat linear fashion so if you're a ways into the game and want to go all the way back to check? Enjoy walking all of the way back at the not-so-brisk pace you're stuck at. Secondly, I know the game is supposed to be dreary but it's a bit excessive. The island is in perpetual overcast and every 5 or 10 minutes a storm will kick in causing high winds and rain. Trees and foliage look good as they blow around along with their shadows that mimic their movement, but when the rain starts nearly all of the color in game turns to a cold grey, almost black and white. It gets a little bit harder to see things, but the game hardly has much color in it in the first place and losing that when it rains doesn't make it too visually enjoyable. Not a deal breaker, but just strange design choice."
76561198013632560,Recommended,258950,10601706,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[ASR] The Dude,A great Short Mystic Puzzle Game.Nice Puzzles. I Love the game
76561198192959906,Not Recommended,258950,25859742,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Alpha-Breeze,"HATE IT!!!  O.K. to be fair, I wanted to play this game that I paid for. I started to play, BUT.......  I CANNOT stand the DRUNK, SWAY, LIMPING, OFF CAMERA movement!  I HATE THIS FEATURE!  It is so hard to play with the TERRIBLE movements of this person. I get dizzy watching me trying to just WALK!  DEV's PLEASE just remove this feature and have people enjoy walking solving the mystery. REMOVE the sway, limp, drunk walking feature.  YES........ I UNDERSTAND HE IS SICK, HURT, ECT.... so that being said, just leave it as that and rid this stupid dizzy movement. OR.... if you think is MUST be in the game how about an option called REMOVE DRUNKNESS and have people have a choice?  I CAN NOT PLAY THIS BECAUSE I FEEL DRUNK! I WISH I could have a FULL refund or a PATCH just to remove this stupid feature! Game looks cool but I WONT PLAY BEING DRUNK, SWAY feeling and just DIZZY!"
,Not Recommended,258950,18967949,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,salad man,Couldn't get past the first beach. The gameplay is kind of...??? Not that good.
,Not Recommended,258950,15843257,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,meh
,Recommended,258950,17025617,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Aleksandr Minralwatr,This needs an expansion pack or a part two. Seriously.
76561197968042718,Not Recommended,258950,22417602,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Patrick,"I thought I'd like this as I like walking sims and horrors but this is just plain boring. I've played over an hour and got no further than the bridge which I can't lower so I can't progress. It seems to be endless walking around the beach and shacks looking for every damned thing you need so you can move on. The graphics are very plain and the lighting terrible. I just find it frustrating and annoying in equal measure and will delete it and stick it in my "" don't bother"" list. Save your money."
76561197984576500,Recommended,258950,24055188,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Moonshadow,"Great old school type adventure/walking sim, Dear Esther  with puzzles...."
,Not Recommended,258950,11827835,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Jfrck,"I got this game 80% off and I still regret buying it.  The only thing that made me finish the game is my curiosity for the story.  Some of the mechanics are clunky, the lighting and color made some things hard to make out at times and the worst part is how SLOOOOOW things are.  Walking is slower than in Dear Esther or at least just as slow.  Waiting for gates to open seems like AGES.  If you make it through all of that, just wait until you get to those animation sequences that are very slow and boring (which you cannot skip.)I used the walkthroughs on some parts just to get through the game and get my $2 worth."
,Recommended,258950,12124884,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,RedWormCharlie,"WOW. Just WOW! Great graphics, slow game play, good music, decent puzzles and one ♥♥♥♥ED UP story to have to unravel.You want a big UNEXPECTED ending? You want something that will drop your jaw? This game, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game.Well done again guys, these people started with Gone Home and conitnue to make these emersing games and I just love em."
,Recommended,258950,11964864,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Timelord33,"Overall I really enjoyed this game, mostly because the atmosphere was so well done. The ""wet lens"" and vignette effects used do a fantastic job at making you feel small and under pressure, like the rain is really hounding you rather than just seeing it. Story is a little empty and the animations seem unintentionally slow but as an atmospheric experience I see it as step forward. Even though the ending didn’t have the kick I thought I could have, I’m still keen to know more!I would recommend this game for those on the lookout for innovation no matter how small."
76561198045050312,Recommended,258950,12033594,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Feles,"The game itself was OK, it wasn't bad, but it also wasn't great. I enjoyed the story and the language features (English-Irish). Personally I would like to see a continuation. To me the game simply ended on a cliffhanger and that spoiled the title a bit. In the end, even though I enjoyed this game, somehow it felt a bit short. I hope there will be a sequel/ add-on for it."
76561198032335436,Recommended,258950,11989055,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Karul,"The primary reason to buy this game is its compelling story. Gameplay is short at 2-4 hours but that was enough for me. Poor framerate has been an issue for many people, including myself. However, I would expect that a more capable machine could enjoy the good graphics and decent atmosphere. In relation to the puzzles that need completing to progress in the game, I found they could certainly be improved since many of them just required you to keep a eye out for necessary objects. Finally and most importantly, if you can get it at a good price -I had 75% off coupon- you should find it worth the time and money."
,Not Recommended,258950,11795938,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,CheesyJelly,"I really wanted to like this game, but I'm afraid I can't recommend it.  What could have been a gripping, atmospheric, puzzle game instead felt tedious and frustrating.  The player is asked to suffer through invisble walls, obscure puzzles that aren't logically consistent and to have control taken away from them as a character repeatedly, whilst still believing in the world and being emerged and engaged.  It doesn't work.  We are asked to care about a family we have never met.  We are asked to believe in a badly animated child, with real life photos within the game drawing attention to the imperfections.  Above all this, the ending (I assume it was the ending - I didn't bother sitting through the montage of scenes of the island with heavy-handed sad piano music in the background to find out if there was any more) is disappointing and confusing.  Don't bother."
76561198045151716,Not Recommended,258950,11941480,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Lord_Inglip,"I bet this game would be a decent narrative if one could get past, and live with, its impeding faults. You start on a beach barely being able to walk. You are injured and must find a makeshift walking stick. I only knew to find one by squinting like ♥♥♥♥ to read a small note on a gate. I wanted to progress but quickly got infuriated by all the small things. I couldn't get past the gate cause the latch was shut. I try to open the latch, but I had to complete an objective before I could proceed. I couldn't find anything except for a small note that was almost impossible to read.  ""Find a makeshift walking stick."" I scaned the beach in this disorenting bobble from my injured character until I gave up. I also got an achievement for investigating 100 items. I frantically clicked 100 times on random things trying to progress in this game.I can't recommend a game that is so hard to just make it past the first area due to its own design."
76561197991532008,Not Recommended,258950,11895541,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Zecele,"Yeah don't bother with this , if you liked dear esther you won't like this."
76561198041400703,Recommended,258950,11929342,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,timRAR,"A good story with great atmosphere. The puzzles were mostly simple with a rare involved solution and were usually reliant on finding the solution in the world, not figuring it out. Not the best puzzle game, but I enjoyed the game as a whole."
,Recommended,258950,12181796,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,♠ Thunderflight,"To be fair, the type of game you enjoy will affect how much you get out of this game.For those who enjoy challenges, the puzzles are simple and can be solved in a relatively easy fashion, so you won't have a lot of fun here. For the visual junkies, the graphics are rather lovely, but I had to turn it way down in order to run the game without serious lag...so I couldn't enjoy that aspect. (The raindrop effects were really beautiful, though, and the mood of the plotline is set perfectly within the color palette this game offers). Finally, the voice acting was actually VERY well done, it was a nice break from the bleakness of the landscape.Favorite parts of the game:-Color palette/mood-Voice acting-Rain effects-Easy achievementsLeast favorite parts of the game:-Lags unless low quality-Constant crackling due to ""film grain effect"" (?) that won't turn off even if I uncheck the film grain option-You don't know if you get an achievement or not until you exit the game completely-The ending wasn't too unexpected and was a bit anticlimacticI came into this expecting this game to be relatively short and quick mystery game, which it was. Therefore, I can't say I was unsatisfied. This is a good deal (if you have a coupon) because the achievements are easy to complete and it also comes with trading cards. I wouldn't buy it at full price, however. Overall I'd give it a 3/5 stars."
76561198056524619,Recommended,258950,13382947,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Missing Triforce,"My main reaction to this game is ""what. the. efffffffffffffffffffffffffff.""The story was good, if a bit vague and plot-holish, and the Steam guides were my lifeline for the elaborate, why-the-frick-would-you-every-build-this puzzles. And yet, once I had adjusted the settings and got through the Prologue, the game was strangley compelling and playable. Sometimes I think it took itself too seriously--I didn't absoluetely NEED those long shots on Peter's photo--but I wanted to find out what happened to all the villagers, beat all that Irish puzzle ingenuity, and stick around for all those Irish words. I also appreciated the representation for disabled people and older protagonists. It wasn't particularily scary, more of a ""the horror! The horror!"" feel, but speculating on the remaining loose ends is really fun. I'm going to encrouage my other friends to play it just so I can talk about it with them."
,Recommended,258950,13049676,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dehrk,"Kind of short, but a good creepy vibe. A few places finding where the correct items were was a little frustrating. Overall a good story, but the end was a bit abrupt."
76561198031065075,Not Recommended,258950,11775304,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,MacSturm,"This game begins with a drunkard waking up and searching for his car keys.  Being unable to find them he staggers around looking for the friendly neighborhood ghost child to request his help since he can only see things in grainy technicolor, not unlike if one took an old Merry Melodies cartoon and ran the disk over with a magnet several times.  Anyway, the protagonist, whom we shall call Sir George Blandington's horrible vision makes it incredibly difficult to read the tutorials.  Once you manage to do that, then you are forced to find objects to solve puzzles.  The problem with this is that Sir George is unable to see anything that he is not standing on top of.  The puzzles in this game are not hard, but rather tedious, as in one which requires a frame rate to solve - something this game lacks.  In short, unless you too, are very drunk, and are at the point where this is the least bad decision you can make after prank calling the NSA and telling them you are a terrorist, then by all means play it.  Otherwise, stick to something safe and entertaining, like emptying the Pacific Ocean with a sieve."
,Not Recommended,258950,11774082,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[Delta4o],"first it has a spooky atmosphere. You feel helpless as if your character has lost his mind. You don't know anything. There are no markers or waypoints so the very first thing you'll encounter is being stuck on the beach with no clue what to do. The gate even says ""you still have things to do"". What things? you're not being helpful game.....I had to use walkthrough with almost every puzzle.....being stuck at areas where I couldn't solve the puzzle really pulled me out of the game.....I think the focus was more on the character loosing his mind. I think I would have enjoyed it MUCH more if there were NO puzzle elements in it.This could have been the next ""Dear Ester"" for me, but it wasn't. Instead it was a game inspired on Dear Ester with some ""interesting ideas"" (various puzzles) that didn't add a lot to the game. In fact it did the exact opposite.if this game was a one way journey, meaning without too much side roads, without the puzzles I would have liked it MUCH more"
76561198054414817,Recommended,258950,12238224,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Not a Graphic Designer,
,Recommended,258950,12010602,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,HeadShot,"Great adventure with overwhelming story, oculus rift VR support! 8/10"
76561197972540857,Not Recommended,258950,12112442,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Michael,"The game is broke out of the box, then again - it's broke in the box.  Works for some, not for others, no feedback on the problem or if it'll ever be investigated/fixed.  When the game loads up, the opening sequence is promising, and then the controls go awry - turning around constantly to the left, as though sticky key or extra invisible controller.  This means the game is completely unplayable.  Don't risk it, supporting developments that aren't complete or have immature development cycles will only mean you're more likely to encounter more of the same another day."
,Not Recommended,258950,11824481,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Dr.Brainfungus,"Alan Wake stranded on Dear Esther's island with some Myst pre-alpha riddles to solve....got it for 80% off, still wondering if it was worth the money...."
76561198119148792,Recommended,258950,14086419,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Man with a hand,It's ok 9/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,258950,11855730,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Jasmine2785,"Boring, confusing, but no glitches for the first 10 minutes.I know how to do puzzle games, and i excel at them, this one is even confusing to me."
,Recommended,258950,15075427,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,death is inevitable,"I'm really tempted to not reccomend this game. Every game I own is perfectly fine and smooth on max res. (ex: garry's mod) This, however, isn't at ll smooth. It runs at 0.5 FPS. Yeah. Garry's mod runs at over 100. I turned this game down to lowest settings and it's still horribly choppy. I did click the reccomend button, however, because it's fantastic. It's obvious a lot of work has been put into it. Good job, creators, but my computer can't handle it (which has pretty damn good specs)I'd rate it a 7/10 just because of the work put into it."
76561198068849291,Not Recommended,258950,11591467,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DeathClaw,"Crappy, boring, bland, not worth your money not even on sale."
76561198096926751,Recommended,258950,9514953,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,...,only if you have gaming laptop with good graphic card  its worth to play but when its under 5 bucks
76561198038280238,Not Recommended,258950,11973196,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,[CCC]starteller794,"I wasn’t very impressed with this game.This game wasn't what it is advertised to be. That is for certain. In truth, it reminded me of Dear Esther more than anything. Its atmosphere was good but that was about it. Like Dear Esther, it felt more like a “here take a walk around our pretty island” than a decent game.My thoughts on the story are as follows:It claims to be a psychological thriller, but I was never on edge at any point during the game. And the “scary” parts were not at all. The story in general didn’t really lead me down a path to the ending’s conclusion. At no point did I think this man was completely nuts. Only two notes really pointed towards this fact and not much else. I guess what I’m trying to say is that this character’s “decline” was not explored very well or given enough time for it to sink in. We as the player didn’t really have the time or information to start making theories of our own as to what happened on the island and to the protagonist or what he had done. And on top of this, there was an illness on the island, so what? It didn’t seem to play into the story at all, other than making the protagonist the only one on the island. The story is left open ended and felt incomplete to me, especially since there was little build up for the conclusion.In all truthfulness I found the game to be rather boring on the story side of things.My thoughts on the technical side are as follows:After reading some of the other reviews, I noticed that several players had issues with frame rate. I’m pleased to say I had no issues at all, but I’ve got a good amount of RAM and a very good and up to date graphics card meant for gaming and working with 3D software.I found some of the subtle emersion qualities of this game quite fun, like rain splatters on your screen. However, the game was overall very gray and lacking in color which, while lending itself to the isolated atmosphere, made it difficult to see in darker parts of the game like the inside of sheds and buildings. I didn’t turn my gamma up to help this but I figure that would be the solution.The puzzles I found to be very easy for the most part, although I did get stuck on a couple, but that was because I didn’t find a clue or the puzzle was not explained very well. Other than that they were all pretty logical, which is an accomplishment in this genre since a lot of similar games lean on taxing and nonsensical puzzles to pad out the amount of time spent playing the game.There are a few complaints I would like to point out about some of the menus, cut scenes and puzzles. The cut scenes would often linger too long on pictures, or a new area. I actually found myself looking away from the computer while waiting on these scenes to end. I think I actually got onto YouTube on my laptop for a couple minutes while waiting during one. While these scenes may have seemed emotional to the developer, the player only needed to see the images for 30 seconds or less to get the point.Also, during the compass puzzle, the dial turning animation took FOREVER. I was once again checking my watch while waiting on these dials to turn. A faster animation would be much appreciated. This goes for the checkpoint menu as well. When I loaded up the game after I had put it down for a day, I found myself scrolling, and scrolling and scrolling to get to my last checkpoint (which was the 9th one) and the animation for this also took FOREVER. Speeding up the scrolling here would have been very helpful. Speeding up a lot of the game in general would have been a large improvement. Doing so would not have taken away from the atmosphere. It would have made for a more pleasurable experience.In the end, I wouldn’t recommend this game to a casual game player, but if you are a hard core point and click, puzzle game player I wouldn’t tell you to not give it a shot. Especially if you got it for $2.00 like I did."
76561198017522231,Not Recommended,258950,11820550,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Ted,"""Hey, you know what was a great game? Dear Esther! Let's make that exact game again! Only we'll stick in a bunch of completely pointless puzzles, make the puzzles so incredibly simple that a dead dog could figure them out, and remove all the subtlety and nuance of the original game and replace it with a stupid and obvious story. Perfect!"""
76561198080132569,Recommended,258950,25661207,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,BSEWARD1982,"good game out of the norm, liked the irish influence, hope to see the 2nd,"
76561197972072638,Not Recommended,258950,11074865,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KoolKrax,"I should have known it. There has never come anything of value out of something which is ""based on a true story."""
,Not Recommended,258950,10326823,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,(-TN-) EvilGenius,"Hoping to find a game dimilar to  ""Dear Escher"" I purchased this game today. Upon starting I was imersed in a very dark world walking around like a drunk on a 3 day bender. It seems I had an accident, and hurt myself somehow. After limping around for a bit I found a walking stick and started to explorer further. At this point i quit back out to the main menu and set the Gamma higher and turned off the film grain shader. The game was stillw ashed about and colourless but a least I could see somthing. I wandered around found an old generator got some fuel started it up went back the first shack....Problems1) Dark way to dark. I am sure that developer thought it would be moody...2) Washed out colours and generaly uninteresting environment.3) Why the hell do I have to adjust the options for the screen environment from the main menu, why cant the options be available in the game itself?I might put some more time into this later. IF I do and it impoves I will let you all know.Evil"
,Recommended,258950,8456119,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Isola,This is one of the best games that I have ever played. I haven't come across many thriller/puzzle/horror games for a long time as such a good standard as this. I would recommend this to anyone who a good thriller / puzzle game for a low price. Even if you dont like the game itself it still deserves a round of aplause for the amount of detail and voiceovers. This game made by one man definitly deserves a 10/10 from me
76561198027088162,Recommended,258950,10348176,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Omagta Bromine,yeah  m8 gg 420
76561197970695975,Recommended,258950,11606157,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Danny_G13,"It has to be said Montague's Mount is a game panned by both gamers and critics alike, Criticism are made of its 'drab' colour scheme, 'pondorous' pace and obscure puzzles. Indeed, many describe it as plain boring. Now, I'm not saying they're wrong, but I feel many missed the point of this game hugely.Before I go onto why I adored this game, I'll address the flaws.1: Yes, it's way too dark and finding things is a nightmare among those incredibly shadowy graphics. There is also a real lack of structure in the way the various objects are scattered around. Sometimes they're in a logical place, others it's just pot luck if you find them.2: Yes, it's slow. CoD this is not. The lack of any run feature is annoying, but given how the game starts out it becomes clear WHY you can't run.3: Yes, the slow pace can get a little boring, with the wandering back and forth to do this and that forcing you into long slow journeys.4: And yes, some of the puzzles are absolutely dreadful. The spinners puzzle was quite simply too much for a video game, requiring the gamer to understand morse code. It's something you don't need when you want to just play a game.5: And also the saves were a little glitchy. Sometimes a checkpoint would actually erase a previous section you'd just done, meaning you had bits of your pick ups but not all.However, the flaws are compeltely outweighed by the strengths, or maybe it's my kind of game. And here's why.Montague's Mount is intense. It is easily the most intense game I've ever played, and draws heavily on psychologically disturbing themes to make its mark. For me they work brilliantly - the island is MEANT to be drab and depressing as we are dealing here with some incredibly heavy themes. They get deeper and more powerful the further the game goes, and as far as video games go in general, there are such emotional and psychological barriers this game goes past that other games simply haven't gone near.The plot is also as well-crafted as it can be without spoon-feeding you all the answers. This is a story designed to make you think, to make you put pieces of a fragmented world together - to decide for yourself the greater meaning of it. The game gives you the tools to make you arrive at your own conclusions without those plot devices feeling half-baked.I admit some of the mechanics of the gameplay were messy, but the game wasn't about them. The puzzles and methods were just a way of putting together a story, and I admit also that they didn't blend as seamlessly with the story as they could have. Indeed, in many ways the game could have done better without the puzzle element as it doesn't seem to match the greater story overall.But if you can live with that, and want a dark, intense, psychological thriller with emotionally powerful overtones and disturbing themes, this is unique and hard-hitting.I can understand why many would hate this, but I felt totally engaged by it throughout and would recommend it on the terms I have done. If you want quality puzzles and amazing graphics, Portal 2 is your man. But if you want plot which cerebrally engages you, this is a fine way to spend your time.The current sale also helps hugely."
76561198033848288,Recommended,258950,31366010,Posted: 25 April,all,johnny-doe,"Вопреки ожиданиям, игра с первых же минут вызывала раздражение. Почему в меню не позволено уменьшить громкость долбящей по ушам музыки (ее можно только отключить)? Какой смысл давать возможность отключить звуковые эффекты? (?!) Почему Walk Forward невозможно настроить на правую кнопку мыши? Почему не предоставлена возможность вернуть перенастроенное управление в положение по умолчанию? Почему указаны не все возможные действия в меню настройки управления (где Action?)? Почему невозможно прочитать, видимо, важный текст на бумажке справа от калитки в самом начале (мелко, приблизить/приблизиться нельзя)?! Что там, черт возьми, написано?!"
,Recommended,258950,14695925,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BlueAlopex,"I WOULD NOT BUY THIS GAME AT $9.99.First the Downsides: It is very short and there is a lot of running back and forth, except it is walking. You cannot run, and that is very annoying. And to many would be consider it very slow. Also, it seems like they ended with a cliffhanger.Now the Upsides: I like the story and the voice acting is great. I like that everything is labeled in 2 different languages. I can tell a lot of love and detail was put into this by the developer, which I've been told it was made by ONE person.TL:DR: ONLY get it when it is on sale. The pacing is slow but the story is interesting."
,Recommended,258950,14740172,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,60RD174 FR33M4N,"This was a beautiful game, romantic in a 'dark and stormy night' off the coast of Ireland kind of way, and so sad. The story is simple, the voice acting superb, and the difficult puzzles had me walking away a lot. It's a nice touch to put the Irish language in the game. You have to give the developer credit as he is a one-man studio and this game is obviously made with great soulful dedication.I'd buy it and play it again. 9/10"
,Recommended,258950,16396652,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Miebk,"Interesting story and puzzles! However, I found that the game got quite repetitive, all you do is walk around, look for items and clues, and solve the puzzles, sort of. I found the story worth it, but I feel that I still had a lot of unanswered questions at the end of the game. Overall it was an ok game, not great, but I didn't find it bad, either. Would recommend if you like story oriented games."
,Recommended,258950,14207012,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is a very cool game for a couple of reasons;1. For a horror game, it focuses on telling the story instead of jump scares (like Dead Space) or grinding (like Dead Island). The gameplay reminds me of Dear Esther and Anna where the story is given to the player piece by piece as they explore the environment and solve puzzles until they eventually come to the conclusion which strings all of those little pieces together.2. This has to be the first game I've ever played where English is consistently accompanied by a second language (in this case, Gaelic Irish) without having to change the language settings. Although the narration is performed in English, every scrutable object is described with a subtitle in Gaelic and then a smaller English subtitle underneath.Besides those two major points, the game has an incredible atmosphere and attention to detail with a well-matched soundtrack. I'm always happy when a game like this is as much fun to play as it appears to be from its trailers and screenshots. *****"
,Recommended,258950,14104311,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mellnu,"This game is only for a certain type of person. Those who brand games like Dear Esther 'walking simulators' won't enjoy MM. You can skip right over this one.This game and Dear Esther have alot in common. Both have you start on an Island without explanation. Their storys are told in a weaved thread, out of context. Verses read by an excellent voice actor are filled with saddness and confusion.While DE leave's it's story open to your own conclusion, MM has a set story that while enjoyable to listen to while exploring, dosen't really give you the closure it deserves. It kind of leaves itself open for a sequal which I didn't really like.It's true your character move's slowly. However a player like myself came to like that. I don't rush through area's anyway and the pacing of the player character was that which allowed me to explore comfortablly.I've also heard criticism for the film grain (which you can turn off) and the use of dark shadows. Again, this was something I enjoyed and thought the developers put to good use.I would conclude by saying, buy on offer if you're unsure but it sounds like something you'd enjoy. If these kind of experiences are something you don't like, stay well clear of this one."
76561198023731524,Not Recommended,258950,19661872,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Grumblecorn,It has cards if you can get a 90% off coupon.
76561198298548049,Not Recommended,258950,24138365,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Zinom,"This game has some positive points, for example, it has a nice atmosphere, decent voice acting and an interesting plot, with some good ideas, but it is let down by an overly tedious prologue, unclear objectives, a confusing system inventory, the inability to access any options during the game, and poor graphics. Montague's Mount has so much potential to be more."
76561198002151390,Recommended,258950,23011945,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SciCurious,"Similar to a lot of other ""creepy"" games, in that you forget who you are and have to walk around to find out. I really like the fact that there are Irish translations for practically EVERYTHING, though I do find it all that, despite that, there's no option for the actual protagonist to speak as Gaeilge. Odd, but if you're interested in Irish or want to see a great Amnesia-like game with an Irish twist, do yourself a favor and play this!"
,Recommended,258950,21570667,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rawrsaur,"If you want something that really makes you think, give this game a try, don't let the head bobbing and slow speed turn you away. I'll be honest, this game made me rage quit a few times, the beginning drove me nuts, I found myself facepalming when I struggled to complete a puzzle I hadn't realize I had just completed(missed the checkpoint image) and I backtracked to the beginning of the island at least 10 times that I can recall. I think it could be put togethera little better as the dark environment makes it really hard to find the items to progress and not all the pieces of paper that have notes on them can be picked up and viewed full screen, but once you get to the end you feel really accomplished and the story truly pulls at your heart as you realize a little of what is happening and how isolated you feel."
76561198087761363,Recommended,258950,28040546,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Damoisme,"It's a poor man's Vanishing of Ethan Carter, but it's worth a look if you're into your walking simulators."
,Recommended,258950,29473717,Posted: 24 January,all,Cringe Worthy,Is it a story of lost love? Is it a story of tragedy? Is it a story of despair?Why not all of the above?You take on as the protagonist and narrator as you learn about your insanity.There is much to learn about Montague's Mount and it is a gem.You'll have to use your deductive skills to complete multiple puzzles (I recommend taking notes)I recommend it to those whom enjoy wondering around and changing the world around them.8/10Disable film grain otherwise it's difficult to play!
76561198047505033,Not Recommended,258950,32954852,Posted: 28 June,all,PhattGreg,"I originally bought this as I typically enjoy story based games and this one appeared to come across as a good story.  But the aspects of the game which let it down, is the interface that seems overly complicated and the nausia enducing head wobble like that of a drunk person, that makes simply clicking on an object annoying and darn frustrating.Having played this for such a short time, I have tried to play it with a passive VR headset and had to stop playing as the constant rocking was making me quite nacious.  So I tried again to play this without using a VR head set and it's equally as nausiating to play.All the trailer bit's and pieces suggest it's much like other first person perspective games, but whilst the limping motion and head wobboling is ok at the beginning, the always slanted camer position, reminds me of Battlefield Earth, with it's intentionally badly alighned camera shots.   That truely let down the game, enough that eve after going through the game settings, the wobble seems unable to remove.  So I can't play any further!"
,Not Recommended,258950,31244491,Posted: 19 April,all,Mister_Bucket,"In Montague's Mount you play as a geriatric mime that washes up on the shore of some island. As such you walk as slow as your busted hip and brittle knees will allow, and very often stop to admire the odd invisible wall. You find letters, you find generators, and every so often you find a youtube video of someone stumbling upon the one thing you've been looking for for the past 20 minutes. You also get to admire slow, in-engine, establishing shots of the environment you literally just walked into and will have to walk through multiple times as you have to stop moving for the cursor to come back and tell you if you can pick that up or not.I had started and stopped a few years ago, and had nothing to do today and decided to blaze through it. Now I wish I had just slept for a few hours instead."
76561198376317844,Recommended,258950,35031217,Posted: 17 September,all,humblehero14,"Montague’s Mount is a nice albeit slow experience.  You are trapped on an island trying to figure out what’s going on.  The game is a walking simulator mixed with puzzles and mystery.There are several downsides to the game.  One of which is the all to obvious no running in the game but what can you do.  Since the man is hobbling on one leg early in the game, we can’t expect him to run.  Another slow one is the cinematic scenes.  You can’t skip them after already watching them.  These scenes move at a snail pace.Another downside is that certain pages aren’t magnified other than the letters.  I could be doing something wrong but I have to walk up close to read guide papers or plaques.  Sometimes the shadow is blocking the words and mostly they are written so small.Finally, I didn’t like the 10km achievement as it resets if you exit the game.  I realize, in order to get this achievement, you need to do it in one sitting.Despite these negatives, the mood and mystery about what happened on this island draws me to continue this short journey.  The island is big but not big enough to get you lost in your surroundings.  The puzzles aren’t too complicated as well.  They aren’t easy but you generally get an idea how to solve it.There are collectibles and secrets across the island and most are easy to spot, some are obscured by shadow, objects or rain.  These collectibles do encourage exploration since you can find most of them.  Might as well find the rest.  Just pull out the steam guide book.The game is said to be based on a true story from Ireland.  I guess that adds to the intrigue.  Good work by the developers."
