user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,259060,18466367,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Druce Gildas,"I love strategy games. LOVE THEM. My favourites from the last twenty years include (in order) Age of Wonders III, Zeus: Master of Olympus, Crusader Kings II, Seven Kingdoms II, and Warlords III. Strategy fans will know that that's a fairly ecclectic mix of strategy sub-genres. Well, three days after purchasing Dominions 4 I can safely say that it has a place somewhere near the top of my list. I can't stop playing this game.I'd heard whispers about the Dominions series down through the years. Legend had it that it was the most hardcore of the hardcore. In all honesty its reputation was rather intimidating. The ancient sages were right: I was baffled for my first three games. However, don't think that it's a project to merely get into Dominions 4. It really isn't. The appropriate phrase is, ""easy to learn, difficult to master."" That's Dominions 4.The supreme god who brought order to the universe has disappeared, leaving it to a bunch of pretender gods to fight it out for His former position. You are one of those pretenders. Your first decisions will include what faction you want to control, which age of time you wish to play in, what physical form you'll take in the world, and how your influence will impact the lands under your dominion. The depth behind these choices alone is awesome.Once you've chosen one of the many pre-made maps (or generated a random one) and have customised the scenario settings to your liking, it's time to conquer the world one province at a time until you've claimed the required number of Thrones of Ascension. Though even the victory condition is customisable.In the process of doing this you'll command mighty armies, raise glorious heroes, spread the truth of your holy word, cast powerful spells, quell uprisings, contend with the fickle hand of fate in the form of random events, forge magic items, manage the economics of your realm, and a whole load more. This truly is one of those games that makes it impossible for you to keep track of time while you're playing. You may think that the graphics are simplistic (and they are), but trust me, after five minutes I don't see pixels anymore. All I see are my Atlanteans (or ""Atlantians"" as these developers have it) emerging from the ocean to crush all before them. I can't remember the last game I played that was so immersive. Your expectations would be better adjusted by considering Dominions 4 a board game with animated battles.One thing that made me hesitate to buy the game were the number of reviews (positive ones) that cast a negative light on the single-player. This concerned me since I never have any interest in multiplayer whatsoever and only buy games for solo play. I'm very glad I decided to take a risk because the AI is a worthy opponent even on ""Normal"" difficulty. Looking through the updates I can see that a lot of work has been done on the AI since the time of release which probably accounts for the earliest reviews complaining about it and my experience towards the end of 2015 being totally different.By this point in my review you'll probably already know whether or not this is the game for you, but let me share some of the cool elements in Dominions 4. You can rename not only your pretender god, but also any of your commanders. The factions in the game (there's loads of them) are all totally unique and change depending on the age you choose to play in. Those factions are all based on mythology from around our world, meaning you can live out your Arthurian or Atlantean fantasies (you have them too, right?) Your heroes can get wounded, which may involve losing one or more limbs. Characters will age and can weaken as they get older before finally dying, however some species live longer than others. The combat is detailed to the point that each unit not only has specified methods of attack, but does particular types of damage too. You can fight on the ocean floor, and some factions are aquatic. The music is wonderful.In conclusion, Dominions 4 is one of those games that you come away from with a thousand hilarious and tragic tales to tell. It's perfect for emergent storytelling. In terms of being a strategy game, yes it's highly complicated and very deep, but it doesn't put a brick wall in front of you. With each game you play you'll utilise the latest thing you've learned until at last you understand the dynamics in play. This discovery process doesn't make you groan at the prospect of facing it; it excites you and makes you want to learn more. You'll be thinking about potential strategies as you lie in bed at night. The fact that the entire Dominions series is created by just two guys (under the company name ""Illwinter Game Design"") makes all the great aspects of the game even more amazing.On a final note: I've ordered the physical manual available from the game's website. Doing such a thing is unheard of for me, but Dominions 4 is so good it's worth it."
76561197973080662,Recommended,259060,12229074,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Stenk,"If i had to describe Dominions 4 to someone who has never played before, i would for sure use dangerous words as Risk, Civilization and Heroes of Might & Magic. Among the turn-based heroic fantasy strategy games (sorry), Dominions is the ugly guy that no one is talking to. If you dare to speak to him he'll give you access to an amazing world. But not before 3 quests:- Overcome ugliness: Dominions 4 is ugly, the screenshots dont lie! Units are 2D sprites, poorly animated and there's a good reason for that: content. I dont wanna go into numbers but with so many units, spells, magic items.. you can't expect a shadered 3D model reflecting the sun through tree leafs. Try to imagine the map as a a real map someone just scrolled in front of you asking: how are we going to make those guys believe in you? About the battles: it's somehow poorly animated (but everything is visible i.e units/spells/damage) but i can't find the words to express how i felt in front of my first 300vs300 battle, spells going on from both side, oh man that was awesome.- Provide a proof of imagination. What is going on in Dominions 4 is the rise&fall of your God in a world where Gods are in competition with each other. This is your story and it's even more funny if you can put yourself into it. There is a large background (descriptions for each races, heroes, units...) to help you with this.- Get ready for complexity. This game is deep, really deep. The learning curve is slow & long but not frustrating. You'll be amazed how detailed things are. Last game my god got killed cause one of my sorcerer casted an armor spells which explode on death, guess who took the blast? Not mentioning my 1 armed/1eyed Heroic centurion commanding the largest part of the empire's army. The interface is strange, but i can't say it's bad cause i got used to it after a couple of hours, and you can play with the mouse only. There's also a huge 400 page manual (27 pages for tutorial) to explain everything.Heavily recommended"
,Recommended,259060,13899080,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,NorthStar,"I was on the fence about whether to get this game for awhile, partly because of the price and partly because of quality concerns, since obviously a lot of time wasn't spent on making the game graphically pretty. I purchased the game on sale, but after having played it I would recommend it even for full price to anyone who's looking for a deep, complex strategy game.Dominions 4 plays like a highly advanced fantasy version of Civilization or similar turn-based games. That's not to say that it's super difficult to play - the basic mechanics are pretty simple once you get the hang of the somewhat odd control scheme where LMB is used for most things where you'd normally expect to use RMB (RMB is always used to get more info on something, instead of giving orders). I was able to feel somewhat competent without any tutorials, having only watched some brief gameplay on YouTube. However the game reveals layer after layer of complexity once you really start getting into it, and it definitely follows the ""easy to play, hard to master"" philosophy. There will be a learning curve once you get beyond the basics - the manual is almost 400 pages long.So, what can you do in this game that makes it worth the time instead of just playing a Civilization?* Choose a faction and a pretender god as its leader from just about any mythology and creature you can think of. Dragons, wizards, lizard men, frost giants, weird fungus monsters, sea serpents, cthulu, you name it.* Recruit a general for every one of your armies, with his own name (given by you), stats, equipment, and experience.* Separate your armies into formations and give them orders to follow in battle (you still don't need to micromanage the battles themselves; they play out between turns)* Sacrifice virgins to your blood god and use the power to summon demons or forge magical artifacts.* Spread your icy dominion to freeze over rivers so your armies can cross it.* Call forth an army of undead and march it into the sea to surprise your enemy or control undersea territory.* Cast a spell to plunge the entire world into utter darkness.* March huge armies over all the land, then suddenly lose the game because no one believes in your god anymore (yeah, that happened to me).So if you can get past the graphics (yeah, I know, it takes a lot to get past the graphics), you'll be rewarded with a rich, cerebral, highly replayable game in Dominions 4."
,Recommended,259060,14414752,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Space Broncho,Possibly the only turn-based strategy game in existence in which you can appoint mages as mind slaves to a giant flying undead octopus whose primary combat strategy involves sacrificing dozens of virgins to power spells that explode entire opposing armies into clouds of gore.
,Recommended,259060,12804727,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Deadjack,"Have you ever tried board games such as Warhammer or Confrontation ?Now forget everything and take characters inspired of mythology/legends and stories from the whole world, a huge variety of units (with 3 new factions, the game has more than 1000 different units!!!!) and a deep turn based strategy... and you have Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension.Behind its aspect rought around the edges, Dominion is an extraordinary game capable to be a true competitor against table games such as Warhammer and others.You start by choosing a culture and a pretender god. This character will lead your faction through the game and keeping him alive is extremely important even if you can bring him back after a while. You can customize his appearance (around 20 skins per faction) and his skills to suit your gameplay: Will you be a terrible fighter relying on massiv armies, a talented spell caster focused on searching and summoning powerfull spells or maybe the both and wait few turns until he awakes from his dormant state ?Dominion is a turn based strategy game where you, the pretender god, have to exterminate every other factions or sit on  one of the Thrones of Ascension to reach a new plane of existence and became the god above all other pretender gods.You start with a main fortress with different bonus and buildings depending on what kind of faction you have choosen.As an example my favourite faction is R'yleh: Fallen star, inspired of Lovecraft's Cthulhu, this faction has a portal named the ""Void gate"" where you can try to summon new creatures by using a competent summoner.Even if you can get some of the most dangerous units of the game, the void gate can bring hostile monsters capable to kill your wizards.Like for every factions, everything has its price, thinking and planning carefully are keys for victory.All factions are different and quite a lot of them forces you to learn an other way to play the game.As an example R'yleh is mainly based on brainwashed magical units and when you need to use humans or humanoid troops, you will be forced to get new commanders and divide your army because magic beeings can only be lead by a magical commander.Add to that the moral and the supplies your army needs wich can affect their health or worst, to be more encline to fail against the enemy dominion and run away.Dominion is an other great aspect of the game. It represents the spread of the culture and the religion of your faction.Each pretender god can boost its dominion to give malus to the enemy or bonus to his land.And it's where the game is clever because quite early you will have to choose if you rush into the battle with spells or try to stay back and research in new magical disciplines to summon many things or affect enemy dominion, ect....The game is quite open and give you the ability to enjoy quite a lot of strategies. The A.I is really powerfull and has always, ALWAYS, a way to get the upper hand.The screenshots you see on the store page are the recordings of some battles.As a turn-based strategy game, you have to plan everything, from the spell your wizards will cast in the battle, to the actions/ movements your squads will do.You can even choose a formation with bonus and malus. Will you trample the infantry and rush to these coward archers ? Or let you wizards/ range units rain hell upon enemy heroes ?There are plenty ways to manage fights even if you can't act during them.But be ware ! You can enable events wich can affect you on every tiles of the map or everybody and sometimes things turns really bad...The most important aspect in Dominion is magic wich is related to an enormous tree of research.You can summon creatures, structures, cast world wide spells, teleport your units, bless and give tons of abilities to your troops such as invisibility, the gift of underwater breathing or flying, ect...You can even forge magical items to give to your commanders !Every spells must but prepared and choosed before each fights or you can let your commander decide but you won't get all the subtleties of magic.Each school of magic is related to a mana gem that you can gather on the map or with special events. Some kind of currency between your units, you have to manage and give them to you commanders before they go to war. The more you have the better, some schools of magic need slaves for sacrifices and of course give powerfull spells but reduces the stability and the population of your regions. Some factions are even unable to recruit units with gold, so you will have to spare mana gems for the invocation of new troops or commanders !But i will stop here for the gameplay because nobody can deal about every aspects in a review.This game is unforgivable and has a slow paced learning curve as many said the game manual has 400 pages...400 PAGES ! (Thanks to Niky 45 because I was wrong about the  number of pages)So you understand why it can be so hard to talk about everything this game has to offer ^^As an  example my last game session: after few hours (22 hours !!) of fail attempts to master Ry'leth and the map i've choosed (the game has quite a ot of maps with different strategies, to master one is allready a prowess...),  I was beaten by and army from a corner of the map (hate thoses war elephants !!!)  capable to  trample my best commanders and units  and with spells I've never seen before !I had an army of arround 2000 or 3000 units and Ry'leth has covered about 2 tiers of the world after having slain 6 pretender gods.My pretender god, Kraahaul the Void Lord, died in a miserable fight against this suddent powerfull new enemy...And you know what ? I want more !Even if you can't build much structures ( only labs, temples and 3 types of castles with their upgrades) and affect your population ( a research tree about the dominion itselft would have been great), or use diplomatic skills between factions (you are at war with everybody) this game is really good.In fact the perfect strategy game would be a mixt of Dominion, Total War and Warhammer.I hope to see the day when this kind of game will come !If you are not scared about a very hard/deep strategy game and simple graphics try Dominion 4: Throne of Ascension.You won't be disapointed...And i put you to the test to master R'yleh: Fallen star and spread the void and the tentacles of the Starspawns on all over the world !MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH !This is why i love this game ^^N.B: i've forgot, this game has a multiplayer. Yeah i know i'm a coward... because i haven't tried it !Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension is a game for men, be ware !"
76561198007966690,Recommended,259060,13608646,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Argorash,This is the best strategy game on the market.It looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥and has a terrible ui and a learning curve like a brick wall but it has so much depth that doesn't matter.Buy it!
,Recommended,259060,17781422,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MR.BONES,"This is the Dwarf Fortess of 4x strategy games.You wont know what's going on at first, but when you do..It's a world of fun.It honestly feels like you're creating your own Mythology story. Instead of thor, I have my Minotuar in full magic platemail becoming the hero of the lands.EDIT: I used a Random Faction generator and am currently playing a game as necromancer hobbits with clockwork armor suits."
76561198024000754,Recommended,259060,32653488,Posted: 22 June,all,Itharus,"This is simultaneously the best Grand Strategy, best Fantasy-Based Grand Strategy, and best Turn-Based Grand Strategy game that I have ever played.The graphics are antiquated but the scope, scale, complexity, and enjoyment of play are second to none.I highly recommend this game for any fans of the genres listed above."
,Recommended,259060,10995070,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mori,"I've read a couple of negative reviews and comments presenting objections to them before writing this. I think people criticizing this game are not to blame. The problem is that game is horribly NOT for general audience, who ""fans of Civilization and HOMM series"" and don't intrested in wargames as a genre. It's not a casual game, it's developed by very small team for very specific type of player, to those who value very complex game mechanics more than anything else. Those people don't care about graphics so much. These are the same people who play SS13, Dwarf Fortress, Steel Panthers and the like in 2014 and don't understand why those games appear ""outdated"" to someone - they still have unrivalled mechanics as of today. And that's the only thing that matters.Criticism of PBEM MP in this game is baseless. Actually, it is THE MP format best suited for such type of games. After game session progresses beyond initial expanding and settling stage, some turns can take literally HOURS of thinking and trying different solutions. In bigger sessions with bigger maps it's uncommon to have turnlimit time set to several DAYS, so no one would feel pressed by it. Do somebody intend to wait hours while his opponent tries to figure out his best plan for this turn, like, at the keyboard? I don't think so. We actually played it like this in Dom3, and after first 10-20 turns it becomes just too painfull to endure all the waiting. It's much better to play this in PBEM. That is, it's so for any turnbased wargame.The criticism of lack of tutorials and not so convinient UI is at least acceptable. The problem with first is that the game is so complex behind the curtains, that to write some good and all-embracing HOWTO is nearly impossible. One can go to fan forums and check for himself that for every of several dozens of ingame races (I'm takin in account three different Ages existing in the game, so one race, if present in all three, can feel substantionally different depending on Age) there are several - sometimes totally different - aproaches, which many times will depend on whom you are facing in this particular game session as an enemy and a friend. The problem with second is that development team is quite restricted in terms of resources and try to focus on more important (for the audience of such games) things, related to game mechanics.The combat's design stems out of those peculiarities layed out above. They tried to do it the way somehow predictable and transparent, as you won't be able to correct it in real time. Still I'll give it to haters that it's a little oversimplistic, but hopefully will be expanded in years to come (in Dom4 they added formations, for example).Basically, those reviewers didn't even have a chance to peek behind the curtains of simplistic looking UI to discover the indisputable variety which comes with magic system and different Pretender's/dominion's types strategies, which really make this game shine."
76561198057876467,Recommended,259060,15794401,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Cthulhu-Senpai,"Today my Prophet, who is a pegasus-riding knight that throws flaming bolas and wears jade armor that makes him move twice as fast as a normal man, entered into a gladiator death match and slew a mummified bird wizard being carried by slaves, a frost giant, and a manticore. He was then squished by a God of Death wearing a pineapple on his head. In revenge I am marching on his empire with an army of trolls supported by a phalanx of hoplites and a cabal of magi who call down beams of starlight in battle. 10/10."
76561198064559929,Recommended,259060,16216861,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,thingperson,"People have said a lot of things about Dom4, with the top ones being statements like ""I'm sending my race of lavamen led by a sun with arms and bird wings against giant Jewish cannibal wizards led by a sentient blood fountain."" They've also probably said things like ""if you love spreadsheets, you'll love this game."" Both of these statements hold truth. Here's what you'll find in the gamePros:- The largest variety of choices I've seen in any video game.- Over twenty races, each radically different in a way that still tends to balance itself out.- Three eras of play, each radically affecting said twenty races. Changes range from shifting their focus to turning them into different nations entirely.- Weird and wonderful lore everywhere.- A robust and well-crafted magic system.-Most of the actual micromanagement is under the hood, and a lot of things can be automated, allowing you to spend your time on the more important stuff.- It'll run on a potato.Cons:- Said choices are shoved in your face up front, and even with the handy tooltips, it's hard to get what they all mean.- Unless you read the doorstopper of a manual, you will be confused. And even then, it takes experimentation to actually know what every number means.- The wrong mistake at the wrong time can send your entire civilization kicking and screaming into the abyss.- Multiplayer is plagued by a meta nearly as bad as DOTA 2.- All that important stuff you micromanage? It's still a lot.- It has the kind of graphics you'd expect from a potato.Don't be scared by its price tag, either. It's 35 dollars, but it's already given me more replay value than nearly any game I've spent 60 bucks on, and it's definitely given me more content. But if you're really adamant about saving money, wait till a sale. You won't regret it."
76561198108041796,Recommended,259060,18154832,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Kuranes,"About twenty hours in now and I truly love this game.  It's complex.  It's frustrating as hell.  The learning curve makes me want to claw my eyes out in frustration as I figure more and more of the game out.Today I was trying to take out a line of enemy fortresses.  Somehow they have enough troops to throw hundreds and hundreds of soldiers at my army who mercilessly slaughter them over and over again.  Two, three, four times until finally after a fifth or sixth time my massive siege army of apes falls to an army of men.  I scream in frustration at the monitor.  My girlfriend is beside me and looks over saying ""Honey, why don't you play something else for a bit? This game is obviously driving you nuts.""  But she doesn't understand.  Nobody truly understands the perfect homeland I am trying to create for my race of mega-apes.  What a lack of vision.10/10"
76561198046367697,Recommended,259060,18007854,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mirage,"Young Prince Gawain was marching to a war. He had assembled an army of 80 men clad in the finest black steel, his own black armor was forged by the master smiths of Ulm, the two handed black halberd heavy enough to chop through even a knight and his horse. He strode forward with the weapon in hand, alone except for his thoughts when movement through his narrow eyeholes in his helmet drew his attention. A man clothed all in black stared at him, nodded and ran forward a longsword appearing in his hands.Gawain parried the first blow with a sweep of his halberd and launched a furious blow diagonally downward catching the man across the legs as he attempted to dodge the blow. The man stumbled but still stood, blood poured from the massive gashes across his legs, crippled and limping the man could barely move and Gawain laughed as he stepped in close to deliver the final blow. The man, just barely staying on his feet slashed desperately at the young prince....and blade met flesh and tore through into open air only to bite into flesh and rip through again.Gawain stared at the spurting bloody stumps where his hands and part of his forearms had been. The huge black halberd lay on the ground next to him his hands still clutched tightly around the handle. The young prince screamed as the pain assailed him and he tried to stumble backwards, away from the man with the blade but his eyes locked onto the blade the man was swinging and he could not bring himself to turn his back and die without seeing. No, the young prince would not die at all. Still screaming in pain but feeling anger flair in his chest Gawain hurled himself at the man with the sword and without a fist to swing found himself kicking with all his strength into the mans chin.With a loud crack the man fell backwards and lay still. Gawain stared at the motionless body for a few seconds and stumbled away. His blood dripped onto the ground and he found himself feeling rather tired. In the distance he could hear the shouts of his men. Dully he thought they might've been drawn by the sounds of battle or his screams. Either way, they would find him soon. Sighing he sat down against a tree, and waited nothing in the world but exhaustion and pain.TLDR: New commander had an assassination attempt on him, gave the attacker cripple and limp afflictions with first blow, and then got both his arms cut off, then he kicked the assassin to death. Still leads troops armless."
76561198007833990,Recommended,259060,9674467,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,bruinb77,"My impressions of Dominions 4 (~15 hours) is that Illwinter has come up with another winner.  Be warned though, this is a game for folks who really enjoy turn-based strategy games (TBS), especially multi-player TBS (Disclaimer:  I have not tried Dominions 4 MP yet, but Dominions 3 MP was tremendous).  But if you are looking for high-end graphics, a gentle learning curve, hand-holding tutorials or a casual strategy gaming experience, you may want to look elsewhere.However, if you are a fan of TBS games, Dominions 4 has tremendous depth, content and attention to detail.  From the ability to customize your god to each race with unique abilities, there are many variables to make each game unique.  Gameplay can be a bit daunting initially, but rewards players who carefully plan and execute those strategies.My only negative at this time regarding Dominions 4 is it appears to be a bit too similar to Dominions 3 which I played heavily in the pre-Steam days.  I’ll update this review after additional playtime with other factions and MP to highlight some of the changes from Dominions 3."
,Recommended,259060,14700834,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Maxi,"If you know Dominions3:Dominions 4 is an attempt to turn Dominions 3 wall-like learning ""curve"" into a slightly less steep one. Let’s say a ""Pisa tower wall"" curve!A bit more seriously this game is just the a simple update of Dominions 3. However this one is the must have. Some new races, much more community support (no1 is playing Dom3), here you will be able to find people to play with. If you loved Dom3 do yourself a favour...If you don't:This is a map-top-view war strategy game with races deeply founded on global mythological history.It is like playing a mythological version of Risk (the table top game) in which each and every unit of yours has individual characteristics (stats, afflictions, abilities etc.) which are persistent through the entire match.This will be delightful for people that love finding the most ""efficient"" routes to play, because you have so many variables to consider you will probably never be able to do so, but you will still love the challenge.It will also be delightful for people that read lore. Each and everything you control (or don't) in this game has their characteristics explained in one or two paragraphs entwined with lore which in the end is mythology.TL;DR: If you really usually jump for TLDRs don't bother getting the game.... there will be long necessary reading in the game and honestly you will need lots of patience to learn it! Otherwise... if you read the thing with a smile, buy it already."
76561198054585747,Recommended,259060,31988086,Posted: 26 May,all,Salty_gamer,"I haven't put very much time into it, but I thought I'd leave a quick review:The game is fun for the first 300 or so hours, then it starts to get even more fun when you finally begin to understand how to play the game. 10/10 the 320 hour tutorial was really well made."
,Recommended,259060,13752623,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,John_A_Tallon,Today I had a grossly obese assassin sneak into enemy territory and try to kill a two-headed giant that had won multiple death matches and who was leading an army of vine men and unicorn riding knights in a war against the undead hordes that threatened the entire world. This game is great.
76561197974038206,Recommended,259060,12953032,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Drax,"Graphics and sound would have been good 20 years ago. Strategic gameplay is maybe the deepest of any non-abstract computer game ever made, but/and also entirely unbalanced, unforgiving and uncompromisingly hard. This is to say, you need to know exactly what you're doing at every point in the game or you'll just suddenly die (no matter how well you seem to be doing) and have to start over (or find another game if doing multiplayer). There is no save (Although you can backup the game-files manually to effectively make one). While this caters to the target audience perfectly (this game is 10/10 if spending about a year full-time, studying its every little nuance, appeals to you), but makes it a less than good game objectively.The fantasy themes are very well presented, and the best part of the game is how it lets you create The Lion or The Witch of Narnia, or Gandalf or Sauron, or a DnD Lich-King, or a Titan of the Greek Mythologies or just about any classic powerful being as a pretender to godhood. No other game on any media have been able to mix a fraction of the themes or come close to portraying them as well as Illwinter. They also deserve kudos for being Indie before the concept was concieved.Dominions 4 is a clear improvement to Dom 3, affording better graphics and implementing some important re-balancing."
76561198080009505,Recommended,259060,12754725,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Puritan Dan,"If you've ever thought about smashing Dwarf Fortress, Final Fantasy, Age of Mythology, and D&D together, then this game is what you've been waiting for, if you can be patient. Given the time, Dominions can be a charming, humbling, and very fun game, that you can always, always learn more about. Only the patrician need apply here, this game has a very steep learning curve, and shatters your confidence in your meagre skills the first time you want to play competitively. The game is rather pricey, so if you aren't sure you want to buy it, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,259060,14347225,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Leb,"While certainly lacking in the presentation department with it's very dated graphics, Dom4 more than makes up for it in it's charm. The game lets you take mythological lore from around the world and pit it in wars for ultimate domination. You will see Titans warring against undead legionares, yomi fighting against valkeries, and lich kings unleashing death on the men of Avalon.To me, Dom4 feels like a Ck2/Total War-esque type of strategy game, where you fight to expand your territory, spread your dominion (religion), and develop your nation. Where it really shines is its deep magical paths and unit diversity. I play the game with my second monitor open to the Dom4 mod inspector(http://larzm42.github.io/dom4inspector/)where I can compare and contrast every item, spell, unit, and magic site in the game. With 25 nations in each time period, combined with the numerous magic paths one can decide to branch into, their are many many combinations of strategies and development. In other words, no two players may play the same nation the same way, they may play off different strengths depending on how they designed their pretender (leading god of their nation).This game to me is an easy to play, tough to master - which opens up for hours and hours of gameplay. You can play against the AI who offer a fair challenge (albeit becoming predicatble as you play more - such is expected with strategy AI), and when you seek a higher challenge it offers both real time and play by email multiplayer. I didn't think I would enjoy the play by email system but it's really relaxing to have a few games going at once and getting to do a turn or two per day before and after work/school. I always look forward to downloading my turns and seeing how my wars turned out, what kind of events popped out, and coming up with a plan for the next turn. All the while trying to formulate long term magic goals that will keep me relevant into the late game.In short, if you enjoy strategy, fantasy, mythology, or games such as Total war, Paradox strategy titles, or even the Civ series, do yourself a favour and give Dominions 4 a try."
,Recommended,259060,9620476,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Paldin,"I bought the predecessor game when it was on sale and played it so many hours that I decided the full price for this game was a good investment. As I write this review, it is on sale (BUY IT NOW!) but I'm not very upset for not waiting. The graphics are way better (still crap though), particularly with the default map textures. Several new items were added, and some were rebalanced while others were rewritten to reflect actual affects. A couple new races... units... spells... blah blah Everything got an upgrade just like a sequel is supposed to do. (Finally a developer _actually_ does that!)Turn based means you can play at whatever leisure works best for you. You can play on the same computer (hotseat), by e-mail (PBM), or drop your turns in whatever convenient server will host files for public access (ie Dropbox). Very similar lengths like Risk and Axis&Allies, you could play for an afternoon with friends or play for months with rivals. You could play four games simultaneously as long as you're not running four instances of the program (there is a rule of thumb about more than four games, you need two brains or something like that). You could even play a marathon until interrupted and come back the next day exactly where you left off.I was looking for a game that had serious themes and dark humor. I was looking for a game that focused on stratetic management rather than tactical maneuvers. I was looking for a game that I could not learn to exploit every weakness in an hour. I was looking for a game that had replay value through meaningful starting choices. I was looking for a game based on gameplay rather than being entirely based on its graphics. I found it and then bought its sequel. You should save some money and buy this one straight away."
76561198001031578,Recommended,259060,26178364,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,zmo,"Possibly the best game you've never heard of.Steam kept recommending this game to me based on other games I played, and for a long time I ignored it because I expected better graphics from a game this expensive.  Then it went on sale one day and I took the plunge, and I haven't looked back since.Dominions 4 is a turn-based strategy game about warring nations each ruled by a mythological entity (titan, monster, wizard, etc) that is trying to become a god.  In the most commonly played game mode, this is accomplished by capturing a certain number of Thrones which are scattered around the map.  In addition to granting victory points, each throne also gives some kind of bonus to your nation when you claim it.There are dozens of different nations to choose from, and while the diversity keeps things interesting, balance seems to have unfortunately been a secondary consideration, and some nations are really better than others.  Once a nation is chosen, the next step is to create your pretender, the previously mentioned creature that's trying to become a god.  Each nation has a dozen or more pretender options to choose from that fit that nation's theme.  So nations with a Norse theme can choose pretenders like frost giants or giant serpents, while Greco-Roman nations get a variety of different titans and monsters like the Manticore.  Each pretender is also highly customizable, and how you build your pretender can have an enormous impact on how you play the game.Once the game actually starts, turns consist of recruiting units from the territories you control and sending them out to conquer more territory.  Which sounds simple, and even seems simple when you first start playing.  But soon you realize there's a TON of strategic depth to this game.  When you tell your units to attack a province, you don't control the battle directly.  Instead, you issue the orders that you want your units to follow during the battle before the battle starts.  So you might tell your frontline sword-and-shield infantry to take up a line formation at the front of the battlefield, hold position for the first two turns of combat, and then advance on the enemy, while your archers stay behind with orders to fire on any flying enemies that appear, for example.You also recruit mages to perform your research and cast all your spells.  There are literally hundreds of spells to research, which creates untold opportunities for play and counterplay - like I said, strategic depth.  Again, balance doesn't seem to have been a primary focus here, and the fact is that many spells are rarely if ever actually used in competitive games, but it's always interesting to encounter spells you haven't seen before, or familiar spells used in new ways.Bottom line: if you're a fan of complex turn-based strategy games and don't mind a steep learning curve, Dominions is as good as it gets.  I started out playing single player exclusively, which is fine if that's what you're into or just looking to learn the ropes, but multiplayer is where this game really shines in my opinion.  I would be remiss if I didn't point out the game's flaws as well, which include the general lack of balance I've mentioned before, the frankly unimpressive graphics, and a UI that often leaves much to be desired.  That said, the good outweighs the bad here, and while the normal price point might be a little high given the lack of polish, I highly recommend grabbing this game when it's on sale."
76561198022775389,Recommended,259060,33816675,Posted: 26 July,all,Genyl,"1. Fantasy strategy game with excellent reviews. Buy.2. Name my pretender god ""Batman"". Obviously.2. ugh shabby interface and outdated graphics3. All troops and spells look the same. Only three types of buildings? I can beat Civ on deity so this should be a piece of cake4. Start conquering provinces. AI conquers back. Defense??5. Get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the dumb AI6. Go away disappointed7. Give it another chance8. Take a look at the nations. WOW, so many.. vampires! demonic samurais! philosophers! niefelheim!? FROST GIANTS!!9. Recruit a 10 meters smurf commander. Rename it to Tkachenko10. Get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the dumb AI11. Read guides.12. Start another game13. Get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the dumb AI14. Increase AI difficulty..17. Learn a few hundred spells.18. Feel like an idiot for thinking this game was easy...23. Giants. Again. Go Tkachenko go.24. Get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the dumb AI25. Read guides. Watch videos.26. More AI difficulty...33. Find out that giants are considered good and that single player is easy. err..37. ..giants..42. .♥♥♥♥♥. kicked..45. ..study...boosters......49. Batman against 7 Mighty AIs. Go for a bless build Earth4 for protection and Nature9 for hp/regeneration then recruit sacred blue giants and script them to charge into fight first and soak the damage while the smaller five meter giants sneak and flank while the ugly witches cast mass regeneration, protection and quickning andget the werevolves to cast rain to cool those pesky fireballs, use an imprisoned pretender to have decent scales expand dominion aggresivily to freeze enemy provinces and conquer thrones to get independent researchers while stablishing a blood economy that allows to recruit demon lords and forge some awesome magic items to make awesome thugs of the giant smurfs and finally steamroll the AIs. TAKE THAT DUMB AI.50. Victory! All thanks to Batman and TkachenkoWill give it 200h to learn the basics before I play with the multiplayer sharks10/10"
76561197968571832,Not Recommended,259060,12333559,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"Summary: Two words: BO-RING!Pros: Tons of content; thoughtful and imaginitive faction designCons: Flat, lifeless delivery; wealth of detail does not translate to depth of playFirst off, I have to add a significant caveat: a couple of comments on this review have noted that Dominions 4 is primarily intended as a multiplayer game, and so my review is inherently flawed since I'm looking at it as a single player game.  That may be so, though I don't see how we're supposed to know that in advance -- they certainly don't advertise it that way.  But I'll concede that point and note that this review is targeted mainly at folks interested in the single player experience.Anyway... I *really* wanted to like this game.  I've been a strategy game addict going back to the days of board games with thousands of little cardboard counters.  So I was as excited as a puppy when I read that Dominions 4 has a 400 page manual.  It had to have incredible depth, right?  Wrong.  It has a lot of *content*, but that's not the same thing.Dominions 4 has hundreds of different spells and units -- but who cares when you can't actually use them?  The game ultimately revolves *entirely* around combat, but combat is always resolved automatically.  At best you're a spectator, but after watching a dozen or so battles with a new faction to get a feel for what combination of units works well, you probably won't even bother with that.And without the ability to participate in combat, there just isn't that much to do.  Despite the creative and well-researched styles particular to each of the many playable factions, no matter which faction you choose, gameplay quickly degenerates into a tedious slog of building units, moving them to the front, and throwing them into combat.  Build, move, repeat.The game has features like combat scripting and magic items, but unfortunately they don't affect the *experience* provided by the game.  For example, you can craft a magic sword and equip your army commander with it, but the only difference that makes is that when you read the next battle report, your army's losses might be 10% less.  If that's your idea of fun, good for you, but as far as I'm concerned it's about as exciting as playing a spreadsheet.The game can be broken into two main parts: the strategic level, where you build and move armies around the map; and the tactical level, where combat is resolved on a smaller-scale map containing all the units in the two conflicting armies.  I'll contrast each of those parts to a game that I think does that part really well.If grand strategy is your thing, I would say the state of the art is currently exemplified by the Europa Universalis franchise.  In EU4 different nations really *do* play very differently, and you actually *do* have the option of pursuing many different strategies that make real differences both in how the game plays and in the outcomes you get.  Maybe I'm missing something, but Dominions 4 hardly seems to have a strategic element to it at all.  For all their different ""background flavor"", the different factions ultimately play virtually the same way.  It really makes no difference whether your armies are composed of human swordsmen or giant hydras, whether your spellcasters specialize in blood magic or fire magic, whether your faction likes heat or cold or even lives underwater -- the only ""strategy"" you can pursue in this game is universal conquest, and the only strategic-level decisions to make are the order in which you attack enemy provinces.There's some slight interest in choosing the best unit combinations for your army, but it's not that hard -- in fact it's mostly a rather tedious chore of comparing unit statistics -- and once you do that you don't ever have to bother looking at them again.  Once you've chosen units A, B and C for your army, regardless of your faction it then boils down to ""build 5 of A, 3 of B, and 6 of C"" every turn, stacking them up, throwing them at the enemy, and then *reading* the combat results.  Put all that together, and Dominions barely even qualifies as a strategy game.  It certainly doesn't excel at it.At the tactical level, Dominions is two or three *decades* behind the times.  Consider the King's Bounty franchise: like Dominions, those games also feature lots of different units, spells and magic items; but unlike Dominions, you can actually *use* them in combat, where they have obvioiusly differing, tangible effects.  What's more, you can *see* these effects via their superb unit and spell animations and sound effects.  In fact, I'd argue that ""despite"" its vastly superior graphics and sound, King's Bounty is also a vastly superior combat simulation.  Even if you're OK with Dominions simulating combat for you (and I don't see why you should be), there's just no way its AI is going to do a tenth as good a job as you could, regardless of any ""scripting"" you might do.  Building and customizing your army requires every bit as much planning in King's Bounty as the nearest equivalent in Dominions 4 -- and it's about 1000 times more satisfying in its execution.  In fact, combat resolution in Dominions is the most boring I've seen in a game since Risk.  And that's a problem, because this game is entirely focused on combat.The final page of the tutorial highlights just what I dislike about this game.  It gives the example of how, if you want to invade a sea territory, you need to ""plan ahead"": you must first research construction magic until you know how to forge a ring of water breathing; and you also need a mage with sufficient skill to forge it; and you need enough magic gems to perform the construction; and then when it's all ready you give the ring to your army commander.  This all sounded very exciting when I read it, but then when I did it, it was just colossally dull.  There's no substance to any of these steps, and no payoff when it's been achieved.  They amount to nothing more than selecting items from text menus, and when you do, the game looks and plays looks exactly like it did before, except now you can move that leader into water provinces.  Whoopee.Plus, the game doesn't have any personality -- there are no quests, no dialogue, no diplomacy.  Again, this might be expected of a game whose focus is multiplayer, but that doesn't do any favors for the single player experience -- which, unfortunately, is as bland and lifeless as any game I've ever played.  Above any other considerations, a game should be fun, and Dominions 4 just isn't."
76561198044367841,Recommended,259060,34635895,Posted: 31 August,all,crawlers,"I had some fun and spent a few hours in it.Edit: might want to wait till dominions 5 comes out, as it should be doing so soon."
,Recommended,259060,14951500,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Grum,"Here are two lines from a recent update:*Max number of commanders increased 9990 -> 20000*Max number of units increased 160000 -> 250000The graphics may be less than appealing, but this game has serious heart and heritage. Quality updates continue to trickle in, and I'm more than glad some of my money went to help the devs, and the future of Dominions.For a ""real"" review, I'll talk about how the game plays. For each turn, you: 1. create new units or commanders and assign troops to those commanders 2. decide if you want to build any structures (temple, science-research, and castle/fortress/fortifications, basically) 3. assign new magic-school research, if needed 4. issue move orders, if any 5. End Turn. I mention this because I know, at first glance, Dominions 4 seems like it might be one of those ""Cool concept, but too complicated to play!"" kind of games, when it is not..The game is nowhere near shallow, despite the above statement. Each faction (spanning through three different eras of time) has many tricks and strategies, some obvious and some downright devious, and ""learning"" a faction is quite challenging.. Adapting to your opponents strategy is also serious business..There is no ""diplomacy"" here.. If Pangaea has a massive army of elite Shark Tribe warriors supported with massive underwater behemoths, well.. There is no ""playing nice"" :) Your goal is to conquer, one way or another..Anyway, I'm sure there are far better reviews than mine, so I'll quit rambling. Just wanted to show my support and toss another vertically-inclined thumb into the mix ;)"
,Recommended,259060,26302463,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Salmacis,"When it comes to developing a game franchise, the most common approach is to improve every aspect of the game, with a strong attention given to UI and graphics. For Dominions however, Illwinter Games took a different turn. They piled up content and added extra features over a very old engine. They have done so for many years now.So yes, this game is an ugly mess if you compare it to, say, the latest Civ. The barrier of entry is immense : Even if you've gotten your hands on some of the most complex 4X games of old such as Imperialism 2, or for a more recent exemple, Distant Worlds, you are not ready. I have played many of these games in my time, and boy I was not ready.The amount of micro management and planning required to make you a ""decent"" Dominions 4 player is insane. Recruiting the right troops, managing a good income, and agressive expansion won't get you very far. You will need a sound understanding of the Magic Paths (hundreds of spells), your God design will determine if you're an early game nation with a Dragon rampaging through hordes of unprepared half-naked barbarians, or a late game nation with an old but powerful Crone biding his time in his cell, carefully planning research and assembling around you some of the most powerful magic users in the land.I must warn you : If you come aboard, there's no turning back. Civ now feels shallow, when I boot up Total War I get flashbacks of the toy soldiers of my youth. Even my first 4X crush Master of Orion 2 has left me for good.I used to be a nostalgic of the old 4X games, but that was before Dominions 4. I regret nothing."
,Recommended,259060,9581851,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Izunundara,Think Risk/Civilization running on the D&D ruleset.WHY DON'T YOU OWN THIS ALREADY?
,Recommended,259060,28007135,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,෴,What are the strategic implications of turning off the sun? If you ask yourself this often then this is the game for you.
76561198000554322,Recommended,259060,22763408,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,oldbone,"Simply the BEST adversarial game I have ever played (been playing computer games since the mid-80s). Now that I'm in my 40's, our group prefers a-sync games and Dominions is the best of them all.Each nation is vastly different... and there are almost 30 nations now? Deep mechanics. Strategy, Tactics, cunning, bluffing, maneuvering, equipping, researching, casting rituals... it's all handled amazingly well to provide an AAA multiplayer experience."
76561197996971082,Recommended,259060,34151600,Posted: 10 August,all,✏pencils✏,You either die a new player or live long enough to have a drunk wolf build a castle .
,Recommended,259060,8281216,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dilpil aka www.twitch.tv/dilpil,"People complain about the lack of depth in modern games, especially triple A ones.Welp, heres the deepest game ever made.  Enjoy."
76561198044720495,Recommended,259060,32143893,Posted: 2 June,all,Diergato,"If you like stategy games where you can theorize about build for hours and have hundreds of differents tools at your diposal to make plans even several turns ahead this game could be for you. Variety is one of the strongest points of this game. There are dozens of nations, hundres of spells and maybe thousands of different units that make for pretty diverse play styles and strategies.Now to talk a little about about the visual aspect, the GUI works, but could use lots of improvements to make the game more accesible and attractive to the eyes. The unit models are very varied, have liitle in the way of animations, in the end they are not that pretty , but do good job to show the action of the battles. The music is pretty nice and fits the theme of the game on the other hand the sound effects are maybe to simple and not varied enough for the most part.Its really a game not for everyone many would just look at the graphics, the complexity or other elements and decide its not for them. If you are willing to try it focus on its content more than on its presentation, you may be surprised and end up getting way more than you expected."
,Recommended,259060,13633734,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Seventeen,"I am terrible at this game, and it's still one of the best games I have."
76561197981435714,Not Recommended,259060,28871785,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Worthless Towel,"I'm sorry people... It's not for me...I LOVE EVERYTHING out of this game. Really everything. I love its depth. I love its clear gameplay. I love that you have to take care of thousands of things. I love the fact you play a Pretender god with its mighty armies, crushing the infidels. What can be more epic than this? Nothing. I love it's music. I love its lore. I love the races... I really love everything. Even the graphics are cool. Sounds aren't (it's a pain playing with War Elephants...)This game has the potential to be the greatest and most famous Strategy Game in all times. But it won't be...It won't be for a very simple reason the UI is absolutely terrible. Within all the 4X / Grand strategy games I've never seen something like this...Imagine you're playing Hearts of Iron 2 or 3 for instance. I know they are RTS but still. Imagine now that you cannot pause more than once every In-game Day.- make sure no one invaded any region- make sure you are not attacked anywhere- make sure no troop is missing supply- make sure you're not running out of ressource- make sure your planes are not nearly destroyed- make sure no convoy is being attacked.- make sure you're fully making your researches etc.- make sure any other thing you make in HOI (thousands)Can you imagine the nightmare it would be?Why this comparison? In Hearts of Iron, you have thousands of things to think about. In order to make your life easier you are spammed by messages that you can carefully select on: to they pause game or not, is it shown in a separate square or just in the corner as a report.It's EXACTLY the same thing in Dominion except that you are given very few information on what is happening. And every turn LOADS of things happen and you can't make a single mistake or you will be punished like hell.And this is something I like. I like not having the right of missing something if I want to win.I'll give you an example of my first game:My empire is strong, well defended. No roaming armies. Strongholds near the bridges and mountain passes. Very cool.I'm at war with my neightbore. I gather 3 strong armies and start a grand campaign in order to invade it's major cities.And at one point. BHAM! A general has been killed by a spy. Army scatters. Enemy armies hunt them down and consolidate to counterattack my two other armies. And I lose...OK COOOOOOL. Next time I'll provide spies to my armies.2 hours of gameplay later. I gather 3 strong armies. Fully equiped heroes and my pretender God commanding another; Each army is followed by several spies. Not only their are followed by spies but equally spies are ahead in order to scout the territory.On ONE SIGNLE F****G turn I forgot to move the spy along with the general and on that very specific turn, the general is killed by an enemy spy. Distructing my entire campaign...This is starting to be annoying. Because, as I mentionned in the comment and uphere the tools you have in hand are extremely limited in comparison to what is asked to you.It's really like playing Civilization (way less deep than Dominions) but with almost no help at all concerning the actions you are doing:- auto movement for example is missing- you can see a list of heroes but you can't quickly see their gear or assess the situation in which they are. There is visually and information-wise nothing at all that allows you to do this (and I don't want to hear ""use F1"")By making those very simple things, the experience would clearly be enriched.And some other things too that do not require any further development:- use colors instead of flags to delimit each and every one empire. Sometimes flags are too similar. It's already an overwhelming game, why not making things more userfriendly?I mean.. Is it on purpose or what? I have the impression developers in this game said during their brainstorming meetings ""So you know what? No colors!! Let's put an additional flag on a already over-filled of pixels and information region (with fate, with armies, with temples, with threes etc) so that the player needs extra focus!!!!! It will a pain for him to conceptualize the size and borders of it's empire!!! Hahahahah""- use something nicer to provide the player with a quick look on the map of where are the heroes. Make them pop-up more clearly for god sake!!! F1 screen is useless... You anyway need to go over every single of your Hero to see: where he is on the Campaign map, what is the situation around him, what he is doing and if he is doing the good thing etc.Wouldn't it be better for example to use Sliders for heroes and leave the arrows on the screen so that you can assess all your orders and you can quickly see the stuff? ""No no no no it would be too nice to provide this to the player.""These are very small examples on how exhausting this game can be on larger scales. So imagine you need every single turn to:- go over about 20 to 40 events (battles, regional occupation, spells casted etc)- go over every of your hero to see: is the gear ok? Are the troops situation ok? Where he is? Where are it's spy colleagues? Are the spies doing to good thing?- go over every of your city to see: are the heroes summoning the good creatures? Are they researching? are they iddle? etc- go over your entire map to see: any roaming army? am I losing fate?- I created a new army: provide orders to the general, provide formation for every troop, provide a stance to every troop.And about 20 other things.And do this every turn.And a single game is counted in several hundreds of turns.Make a single mistale, forget to do one thing once and you're nearly screwed. Another example: for the 100'th time you gave all your armies the correct plannings for the battle, but once, you forgot to say to the general to stay behind the troops. Ooooops!! Too bad for you!!! The general went in suicide mission alone because you forgot to activate the correct stance.And this kind of mistake will happen because, I don't know about you, but I'm NOT a VBA Macro. I'm a human being that will forget something...There are too many things to do manually all the time. And all the time the same things you'll do a countless number of times just to conceptualize the empire situation. THAT IS NOT OK!!! Empire situation, as in any other game, should be clear at the FIRST sight... And only once the situation is assessed then the player can dig into the various possibilities at hand... It's NOT OK having to do the same things over and over just to understand what the situation is... Assessing the general situation should be effortless... But it's clearly not. So if such a basic thing is already requiring an effort since you don't see s**t on the map imagine the titanesque effort needed to assess the details...To the developpers, make something to make life easier. Still as punishing, still the same number of things you need to think about, but make it less overwhelming. Provide standard Army templates a player can save and then use after creating an army / before a battle or like a reminder: ""are you ok with your battle stance?""Another hint: it's turn based but why not, like any other 4X, during enemy turn: show the armies moving? Show a spy has been spotted? This way the player would conceptualize more quickly the situation. No no no. You don't see s**t about anything and you just have to read a bible size report of everything that happened instead...Again: no no no!!! such things would be too helpful or what????Things like this and this game would redefine, without improving the graphics, the 4X genre...And to potential buyers: this was my warning. If what I wrote doesn't really bother you and you're up to this incredible challenge, then you HAVE to buy this game and you'll end up with a real gemA REAL GEM, belive me despite my thumb down"
76561198127069228,Recommended,259060,28704374,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Comrade Hero Winterpunch,"I thought this game was about spamming units, but I learned more.Then, I thought this game was about powering up characters, but I learned more.Then, I thought this game was about counter-attacks, but then I learned more.Then, I thought this game was about resource management and building, but then I learned more.Dominions is a deceptively straight-forward strategy game which is a unique pleasure.  It involves trying to conquer the world as a Pretender God by harnessing armies, unleashing terrible magics upon unbelievers, and drawing money, resources and gems from the Earth.  Tactically it involves positioning your armies and giving each unit orders, which is surprisingly satisfying.   It is quite easy to grasp, but has a depth of alternatives and so the complexity of the game arises in how you want to play it.  I'm a strategy nut and I've not played a game like this, it's a bit like Pokemon crossed with Chess crossed with Lord of the Rings, crossed with Religious Genocide.In big games it gets ridiculously epic as you cast spells which upset the very basis of nature, bring plague and horrors from beyond the void into your enemies' homelands.  While dated, the graphics are actually really cool, and the sound track is fitting.It's also the only game in which you can have this conversation seriously-""How did you win that?""""Magic"".Anyhoo, I'm off to make a tornado of corpses which eats the souls of all those it passes."
76561198018637971,Recommended,259060,21293930,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Manituana,"Here a list of the available nations in the game.Fomoria, goat-headed men and irish giantsErmor, roman zombie empireLemuria, roman ghosts empirePangaea, satyrs, centaurs, minotaurs & CoAsphodel, zombie satyrs, centaurs, minotaurs & CoOceania, swimming satyrs, centaurs, minotaurs & CoR'Lyeh, Lovecraftian ensalved frogmenMictlan, aztecs and exiled frogmenXibalba, mayan batmen andfrogtoadmenAtlantis, frogmen homeland (with some inuit)Arcoscephale, ancient greeksBerytos, carthaginian folksHinnom, cannibalistic jewish giantsPelagia, mermen and mermaidsTheordos, greek ghostsMachaka, african tribesmenCaelum, flying menNazca, incas flying mummified menAbysia, lava menRagha, flying and lava men togetherKailasa, monkey kingdomLanka, demons-ruled monkey kingdomYomi, japanese demonsShynuyama, japanese goblinsJomon, japanese samuraiT'ien'chi, ancient chinaC'tis, egyptian necormancer lizardmenMarverni, gallic druidsTir na Nog, irish elvesNiefelheim, ice giantsVanheim, vikingsHelheim, vikings living in hellVanarus, vikings living in RussiaAgartha, cave-living men and giantsMan, king Arthur and his longbowmenMarignon, inquisitors and templarsUlm, Conan the barbarian folks and gothic literature folksUr, sumerian wild giantsSauromatia, amazons and giant snakesPythium, byzantine empire with giant snakes.And there are te hobbit too! But you can't use them. You can still kill them tough.10/10 would rain blood and toads over mermaid princess again"
76561198106013105,Recommended,259060,16036356,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Galactic Origins,"Wow, I have not written a review for this yet? Hmm.Dominions 4 is a True Fantasy game. The worlds are remind me of the world of Conan. You build armies, attach them to Leaders, and set forth to conquer provinces. Each province will add to your money per turn. Yes, it is Turn Based! YAY! Each faction is Very Different. Each deity can be configured in many different ways. There are spells, but mainly this games is about armies!Spreading the Word of your chosen pretender deity is important. This can be done with temples you build in a province or by priests. Look out for Assassins! There is a nice small selection of buildings you may build in your provinces.The AI can be quite a challenge. MASSIVE armies will clash in heated combat! Although you do not control your armies in combat, your pre battle setup is important.The Thrones of Ascension allow you to capture cool resource areas. You can even win by owning a good number of them.High Fantasy is awesome in this game. It is a little basic as games go, but this is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,259060,25647355,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Haihappen,"TL;DR: Become a god. Crush other would-be gods with your armies, one turn at a time. Ignore the graphics.Long version:Dominions 4 has come a loooooong way.The Dominions series has evolved, and its forth iteration boils down to the exact same core mechanics as each of its predecessors. This is not a bad thing.Let me elaborate:As for the Background and story: The former ÜBER-God, called the ""Pantocrator"", is dead. And now the position is up for grabs by the rising gods, like You! But, lots of ""Pretender Gods"" claim godhod for themselfes and like you, they have marshalled a whole Nation to do their bidding.Traditionally, you recruit armies, and supplement that with powerful combat magics to decimate enemey armies and conquer their provinces. Add to that that your mages may also perform powerful rituals out of combat to do anything from summoning strong monsters to make everyone in the world age at the rate of a year a month. Watch them wither and die.Dominions 4 has other Victory options to supplement the traditional ""Conquer all"" approach. Several strategies are possible for most Victory conditions.Breaking down the Game in Pro's and Con'sPRO: DepthThe amount of material to go through is amazing. There are, literally, hundreds of different spells and rituals that can be researched and wielded by your mages. The amount of different troops availible to you ranges typically a dozen and more, not including summonend monsters. And the number of Factions you can choose is currently about 60, I think.PRO: ReplayabilityNot only are there a ton of factions you can play, and they all play differently, but also many factions allow for different strategies. ""Hmm, Marignon focused on troops was good, but what if I use fire magic instead...""Also, Depending on the size of the map used, the game plays totally different.PRO: MultiplayerMultiple variants are supported. From traditional ""Play by mail"" and hotseat to direct connection to a server.Single player can be considered ""training wheels"" for multiplayer, since this is where you will find the challenging plays.CON: GraphicsThey are bad. Old-timey at best. They also have evolved a lot and look way better than Dominions 3, but are not on par with current releases of major triple A titles.PRO: Mods.So many. So many. Toooooo many. Simple mods can tweak a Faction or a few troops. But total conversion mods exist too. And they add variety to NO END.CON: User InterfaceThe user interface is subject to current optimization. Playing the game without keyboard shortcuts is feasible, but it gets tedious. You will be thinking ""Why can't I order my mage to forge the same magic item every turn?"", you can, but only if you know or look up the keyboard shortcut.My conclusion is: As a hardcore strategy game fan, you should give it a try. If you consider yourself a ""casual"" gamer, this game probably will not be for you."
,Recommended,259060,14016106,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Othello,"Hi everyone, I do not normally take the time to actually write up a game review. After playing this game for a while, I must say not telling you all how great the game is would be ridiculous.Intro:Dominions 4 is a turn based strategy game created by a 2 man company Illwinter Game Design. The game places you in charge of one of MANY different nations in a struggle for global domination. The nation is lead by a powerful ""pretender god"" that you create prior to launching the game, who seeks to spread his/her dominion over the land. The developers based these factions around lore and culture of various peoples. A great example would be Mitlcan a tribal based kingdom that takes its roots from Aztec or another ancient Central or South American society. The nation has basic weapons but powerful magic that involves sacrificing blood slaves to use powerful blood magic against its enemies. There are also nations based around popular fiction such as the underwater nation Atlantis or Bandor Log who make you feel like the apes from ""Planet of the Apes"" etc. The developers release free updates to the game that include additional content! The manual is available to view online for free on their website just google it. For those who are interested you can even make your own maps to play on or write your own mods to use for the game. Free manual is available for modding & map design via developer website as well. The game does have an extremely steep learning curve as I have 253+ hours logged on steam playing mainly AI opponents, started playing with other players recently and I am being slaughtered. So I can honestly say its a deep and rewarding game you should try out. Beware it is one of those ""I will just take one more turn...."" kind of games and then next thing you know its 2am.Pros:*very deep game with unique nation selection across 3 eras*unique units based on nations and independent provinces conquered*very deep magic system that revolves around different types of mages who perform research to gain powerful spells*8 paths of magic with over 800 spells! sorcery contains astral, blood, nature, and death magic. While elemental magic is fire,water,air and earth. Each magic path has a gem that fuels its artifacts and powerful spells except blood which uses blood slaves.*Solid single player mode that lets you play a challenging AI but the game really shines in multiplayer that is usually played in a “play by email” format.*Active community that create new maps and mods, active developers who patch bugs and release additional content for free*the game is very replayable because of all the variety and the multiplayer aspect I could go on for days with the pros but I will call it hereCons, for me these aren’t really a big deal so they don’t take away from my experience but if I had to pick things out that gamers may not enjoy it would be:*graphics are a basic don’t expect any crazy animations or any cut scenes. One of the two devs does all the artwork a unit will have a regular animation and then an action animation that occurs when the unit attacks or casts a spell thats it.*the map actually makes you feel like you are looking at a real life map for the most part*combat is not real time you assign commands to your commanders and squads who will then perform those actions during combat, you will see the result of that after the fight has already been decided in a battle replayAs I stated I don’t actually mind any of the cons for me the game is great as designed. I hope you are scrolling up to the purchase button. I am interested in sharing more about this game because apparently I wrote up a short story as I ran out of room and had to really butcher the review. I will edit the review if I can host elsewhere. In the mean time check out this to learn more about the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMIQfYIkrjAa brief tutorial by MarcusAureliusLP regarding pretender creation ( he has a lot of other longer content too you can find easily enough) or check the 300+ page manual on Illwinter Game Design’s website!"
,Recommended,259060,18078743,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,94011,its civ but 500% more autistic
76561198035902812,Recommended,259060,32611709,Posted: 21 June,all,Aurelian,Excellent game that allows you to play at whatever pace you want. Very lively multiplayer scene also which manages to be both competitive and friendly at the same time. One thing everyone can agree upon is that the game will continue to surprise you no matter how long you've played it for.
76561197964152509,Recommended,259060,8005985,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,CaptainHorfe,"This game is AWESOME! Perhaps the most overlooked fantasy 4x game of all time. Don't let the mediocre sprite graphics fool you into thinking it's a bad game - it is perhaps the deepest, most detailed, and most complex fantasy 4x I have ever played. From designing your Pretender God to laying out your troop formations, your decisions have a very real impact in the style of game you will play and the options that are open to you.If you prefer style over substance, this game doesn't have the visual flash you're looking for. If you want a deep, rich, immersive game with many options to choose from, hundreds of spells, hundreds of unit types, incredible game design, imaginative civilizations drawn from mythology, this is your game."
76561197972485092,Recommended,259060,33066524,Posted: 30 June,all,Aftilen,"EDIT: The game doesn't explain things much so it will take some time to figure out. Here is a fantastic resource I found that will let you see details on units/magic/items and the like:http://larzm42.github.io/dom4inspector/?page=itemOn the surface this game doesn't look like much. However, once you get past the cover and into the meat of the game it's absolutely fantastic! It's the kind of game that has a pretty minimal story but if you pay attention to the details there is so much more happening to every single unit in your army.Example: The game lets you create equipment and give it to the commanders in your army. Around midway through a game I was looking through all of my units when I noticed that one of my commanders no longer had the sword and shield I gave him. When I looked closer I found that somewhere in the course of many battles this guy has been in he lost both of his arms! Now his only attack was a headbutt! This absolute badass was running around the battlefield headbutting everyone and commanding the army at the same time!Needless to say he impressed me enough that I dedicated a huge amount of time and resources to get one of my mages powerful enough to create an item that would heal his wounds. After crafting the item (basically the holy grail) and healing his wounds he was back on the front lines with some other fancy equipment I decided to make for him. From then on he just had to deal with the minor inconvenience of being radomly attacked by questing knigts looking to take the grail from him!You just don't see these kinds of details in many games! 10/10!"
,Recommended,259060,14425424,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OreoSpeedwagon,"Played multiplayer, received a message from neighboring kingdom that took months to reach my castle.""Kill yourself""10/10"
76561198019112753,Recommended,259060,29637203,Posted: 1 February,all,Khraag,"This game is likea hidden treasure.It's not easy to get to rewarding part but it is one of the best game when you start to get the hang of it. If you like 4X or Strategy games with a lot of depth this is a game to try.It may be unappealing at first due to the graphics and the UI that might not look very user friendly but the amount of keyboard shortcut makes it very easy to navigate through menus and such. There are numerous Let's Play and tutorials on Youtube to get a good idea of how to approach the game.Reading the Manual would always be useful but I would only recommand to read the nations part so you can find a nation you would like to play:You want to Play theRoman Empire? -> PlayErmor in Early Age,Want to be aViking God? -> PlayVanheimHow about having aHorde of Demonsat your service ? -> Play one of the many blood nation asBerytos, Mictlan, Lanka,etc. and summon your demonic legions to start your unholy march onto the world.Unleash the divine justice withShiny Knights lead by Paladinsfighting the hordes of Undead and heretics ! -> ChooseMarignon in Middle Age.Or maybe you prefer being the Undead yourself and swarm the world with the soul of long forgotten soldiers ? ->Ermor in Middle Ageis here for you.Find The nation that represent best want you want to play. Then you can quickly search for a guide (or a let's play video) to have a rough idea of how the game works and then let's dive into this world and let the lore transport your imagination as your army conquers the world. Let your mage research more and more powerful spells or let them walk in your domain to find magic sites. Claim Thrones of ascension to gain more power and increase your Influence through the world.This game has an insane amount or replayability, it get more and more fun the more to know how it works.You can play Solo, multiplayer, Coop or PvP online or hotseat.You can find a good community of players on different forums to find scheduled MP games, there are tons of mods (but the game without any mod is enough, it's not mandatory) adding new content, new nations or modifying the game to your liking.To summarize:+ Great Strategic Game with a lot of Depth.+ Insane amount of Nations to play (Roughly 20+ nations per age, with 3 different ages).+ Deep lore taking root in historical nations or existing myth and legends from different cultures.+ High fantasy world, Elves, dwarves, undead, demons, humans, etc. pretty much everything you want is here.+ You'll never get enough of the game and you'll always try new crazy fun strategies.+ Random generated maps for more replayability.- Graphics and animations reduced to the lowest minimum. That's not really a Problem I think but needs to be mentioned.- Many keyboard shortcuts need to be learnt to really improve the quality of life. The game is So much easier to navigate and manipulate when you know them but it may take a bit of time.- A lot of information to learn the game. But once done, only the best part remains. The sweetest bits awaits you."
76561197979777274,Recommended,259060,26534202,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,APinkFluffyRabit,"Without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played.A deep, complex and rewarding experience. Not since Dwarf Fortress had a game has totally captured my imagination and drawn me into fantastic worlds that exist only between my computer and my mind. This game has been crafted with a staggering attention to detail, the amount of hard work and love that has been put into this game shines clear on every playthrough.There is so much to be experienced and learned here, everything makes sense and feels realistic within the framework of this fantastical world, you never feel cheated when you lose or make mistakes, everything is your fault for not properly thinking about what you are doing.The multitude of fundamentally different playstyles, the ridiculous number of possibilities in empire building all serve to make this a game that I promise will suck you in and not let you go. This is a proper computer game, hand crafted with hard work and love, backed by an outstanding and friendly community.This game is definetly worth your time and dedication, if you are a fan of TBS, please give this beautifully crafted game a shot, more need to be made like it."
76561198067392853,Recommended,259060,32226424,Posted: 6 June,all,esvenson,It got old after a while.But I might pick it up again.EDIT: Oh thank goodness Dominions 5 is coming out soon. I can finally stop playing this game!
76561198005655370,Recommended,259060,13857153,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Διογένης Κυνικός,"This game had simply overshadowed eveything I played in the TBS genre. Everything from Civ I to Alpha Centauri, and all the modern releases.It may not be much of a looker, but this has the depth and breadth that takes the breath away. Magnificent. Truly.More people need to know about this game, becuase they just might find that which they always wanted.By not putting emphasis on the visal fidelity, the game is able to such variety to the mechanics and unit types that will keep you busy for years to come.I have not been excited about a game in my life, and I have been playing for something like 20 years."
,Recommended,259060,30290207,Posted: 2 March,all,Dan,"The first thing you should know about this game is its not going to be easy. You're either going to love it or hate it. Approach this game the exact same way you would approach Dwarf Fortress because it is the magic turn-based strategy version of Dwarf Fortress.If you can get past the difficult to use UI, the mediocre graphics (better than DF though) and cliff-like learning curve, a gem of a game lies under.The premise is quite simple, you are a Demigod striving for full godhood and are competing with demigods. You get to craft your avatar to exactly your liking with a massive multitude of options available. The magic system and craft system in this game is quite complex which means you'll either love the depth of options or just flat out hate the confusion.This is a great game, but admittedly, is not for everyone (or even most people)."
,Recommended,259060,11829788,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Rhiga,"Over the first few games I played I had a very difficult time winning even on the normal AI settings, partly because I was playing as Early Age Yomi faction which is highly regarded as one of the weakest nations in the whole game. After playing for about the 6th or 7th time with other factions I came to the realization that while the game is quite fun learning how it works and discovering all the options that are avalailable to you there are 2 key things that make this game falling a few steps short of greatness which I will point out later in this review. Now please note that this is my first Dominions title I've played and I have no prior knowledge or experience playing of any of the titles before it.First off let me say what I like about this game, and there's quite a lot to enjoy in such a involving strategy game such as this, but a few I like to mention are the amount of content and spells that is within the package and how each nation plus god that you play as feel worlds different from each other, with different nations having access to a variety of different units and even their own spells, for instance the Bakemono nation in the middle age has their own racial summons to summon Oni onto the world map. Even after all that variety with approximately a dozen of different nations for each age and leaders you can choose from the game is won only by acquiring a number (chosen at the start of the game) of different thrones of ascension that are scattered throughout the map which can have quite a significant impact on all nations nearby once they are claimed by a player. I won't go into the specifics on how they do so now as it would take a whole summary of the game to explain details in the game that are prominent and quite arduous to understand (such as how dominion works and how your empires influence spreads). Let's just say that when you acquire these thrones, apart from giving you additional resources in the form of mana crystals, they can make the lands that are surrounding them more arid, temperate, hot, cold, or even unlucky just by having someone in control of them which can cause a huge impact on your playstyle or how you strategize about future moves. Another thing I like is that when I lost battles I felt that it was my own fault for not paying attention and not giving orders to a commander or a unit, or to forget putting my units in better defensive positions to deal with the enemies units, and while the combat is automated I still felt I had control on the outcome of each battle, which is not an easy thing to do for a strategy game that encapsulates so many different tactics and decisions to be made. The last thing I would like to mention about the pros of this game is that while this game may ultimately seem complex to many new players, in actuality it is a really simple strategy game to learn as your primary concerns are conquering lands and claiming the thrones of ascension, but the amount of choices that you have to achieve that goal are massive.Now on to my opinions on the flaws of the game. The 2 greatest flaws this game has is the diplomacy aspect of the game and the balance of each nation. Now normally the balance of each nation wouldn't be an issue for me in a strategy game like this but considering the degree of difficulty that can scale based on the nations you play can be quite offputting ESPECIALLY for new players trying to grasp the concepts of the game. It took myself 3 failed games and numerous attempts at reading strategy guides to try and figure out what I was doing wrong to win as the yomi in the early age and after failing miserably I finally pursued playing another nation that apparently was much more powerful and won with relative ease without that much of any challenge minus a few times where I had left my lands undefended, or stupidly throwing all of my units in a nation's home base. But balance issues aside, the one thing that I absolutely wish that this game did a better job of is diplomacy, and while I haven't played a game with the Disciple mode (where one nation is a pretender god and other nations are that god's disciples) the game is primarily focused on combat and map positioning as opposed to diplomatic relations and tech trading. And while you can research a massive amount of spells it would seem that having the better units in the army trumps out any spell that you can research midway throughout the game . Now I may be wrong on this for later spells that are high-end, but for every instance that I've played the spells that are cast in combat usually are a minor thing to worry about as opposed to whoever has the better quality and quantity of troops in battle. There are no peace treaties that you can formulate with other nations and one is forced to solve every situation in the game militaristically by conquering their neighbors and fighting for the thrones of ascension , which can be fun for while, but it leaves something to be desired. For instance, after around the 100th turn of a game or so I will still have some of the same enemies that I have dealt with handily since the start of the game that are still pestering me, and it gets kinda worn and laborious to cycle between creating troops, sending troops, and defending. Although I have only played on a Normal difficulty setting, the A.I. doesn't actively try to win the game by going straight for thrones of ascension but rather conquer lesser defended provinces of the player which is a decent enough strategy, but I feel is not realistic enough because any human  player would immediately try to go for the victory points with as many units they have from the get go.All in all Dominions 4 was worth my hard earned cash, as I have no gripes about the graphics (as I really don't care about how a game looks) or my experiences with the game and I do expect to play more of it in the future but probably on higher difficulty settings. But as I said at the beginning of this review, what stops this game from achieving greatness in my eyes is the fact that there are no diplomatic relations that you can have with the other nations and there are nations that are drastically better suited for winning the game than others."
76561198010429140,Recommended,259060,22560063,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,T. Phillipus Vibulanus,"If, for some reason, I were told I could only play one game for the rest of my life, this would be it.  The variations are endless, the strategies multi-faceted, and the world background is beautifully crafted.If you are a grognard, you must have this game!"
76561197987814548,Not Recommended,259060,20456074,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,foetus sub mundi,"In Dominions 4, you play a pretender god, seeking ascension to fullblown deityhood.  It is a strategy game, with armies, regions, castles, and research, although I don't think many players would go so far to call it a full-blown 4X.  Maps are designed, rather than generated procedurally; diplomacy is remarkably limited; economic growth is streamlined to and past the point of CA games.The short version of the review is that D4 is clearly a labor of love from an amateur developer with serious problems in presentation and interface.  Even if D4 is your cup of tea-- which it won't be for most-- this is not a game worth the asking price.So before we get to what's bad, let's talk about what's good.  If you want variety, D4 has it.  There are a vast number of pretender gods to choose from, and each customizable from there, 3 eras each with 15 or so different factions, and each faction has a good supply of units to build, including heroes.  But the real variety comes from the spell book.  The number of spells may very well approach 1000.  Just a handful of those spells in the construction school allow you to build innumerable magic items.But this vast variety is one of the failings of D4.  How many different spells protecting against fire need to exist?  How many different missile spells?  With D4, things are either unbearably streamlined (travel, growth) or else abstraction of mechanics is ignored completely (spells, magic items).  Consider D4's units.  When you open up your recruitment window, you're going to be greeted by as many unit descriptions as you'd ever enjoy reading-- and with each region conquered, you'll discover more.  Yet the actual differences between these units are slight and difficult to puzzle out.  Oftentimes, not even the unit'snameis changed between two incarnations.  Some stats are byzantine and presented in great detail while I was never able to find other, more important statistics like size.So how do you play D4 well?  Part of it is via an encyclopediac knowledge of the game system.  And a large part ofthatis through watching presentations of battles.  With each battle, you're supposed to see how the system works.  These battles are repetitive, barely more dynamic than damage numbers floating from people's heads, and painfully slow to watch.  Yet you're not going to get good at D4 without watching a great number of these.  D4's tactical system combines the interactivity of autoresolve with the mind-numbing tedium of watching grass grow.The problems in D4's design are compounded by graphics that would be appropriate to the 486 era and interface issues.  There isn't much to say about the graphics beyond the fact that they're bad, but I can talk about the interface issues.The first thing you'll notice is that D4 decided to go its own way with regards to standards set by other strategy games in regards to rmb/lmb role, and for no apparent reason.  This is frustrating, particularly since the interface will easily cancel your orders anytime you get it wrong, without any warning.  Still, one can adapt.  Heroes frequently decide to stop doing what you told them to, so you're going to have to babysit them, but the only way I found to check on my heroes wasn't with a hotkey nor a button, nor a menu, but a submenu.  If you can't do something right now, the game isn't going to tell you that it can be done, and definitely not why you can't do it right now, although there's little consistency to this-- there are exceptions.  Winning battles is all about understanding unit capabilities (remember how many there are), yet the vision/intelligence system gives you no way to check these units' statistics until you actually fight.  Can your forty troglodytes take on the three winged bathyor?  There is no way to find out beyond trying.  Overall, you have a game that absorbs a lot of attention in small, unimportant details while the really important things are never presented with the weight they deserve.I haven't fully explored the depths of Dominions 4.  There may very well be parts of an interesting game buried underneath there.  What is clear is that it would take me several hundred hours to be able to find out whether D4 is even worth playing, and that even then, problems with interface, presentation, and balance would remain.  I can't recommend this game, not when so many superior choices, in the same genre, at the same price, exist."
,Recommended,259060,27570557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elegant Caveman,"Outdated graphics, but amazing gameplay, customization and lore.Highly recommended to any 4x/strategy fans."
,Recommended,259060,28019652,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,EliteZeon,"Made a massive army of mongolian styled horsemen and ancestral summoners. 60% of my provinces get taken in one turn in a highly coordinated attack by another player. I move my main army back to retaliate, but they must cross a land bridge to get back.My army is then ambushed by glamourous elves which proceed to unlease thunder and lightning upon my entire army, they are all wiped out and I end up losing the game after being unable to make a comeback.10/10 would get elfed by another player again."
76561198039297072,Recommended,259060,33970030,Posted: 2 August,all,andrej,"This game is a true gem. But undeniable it is also a very niche game. I hope with this review i can help you in your decision if you should buy this game or not.Lets start with the obvious stuff: the negative.- the graphics are the worstest graphics i have ever seen in a game. Like in every game you get used to it, and im still happy that at least every differnet unit has their own little picture, from which you can set them apart, but besides this, the graphic is very unsatisfying.-its very hard to get in. To play the tutorial (which is basicly a 1v1 game against a very weak AI) you have to print a 400 pages manual (or at least the tutorial part of it) so that you can follow the steps is it and have the chance to slowly understand what to do and how to play.-The AI is not very smart and in the Single player game their is no diplomacy option which means that after the AI or you have declared war to each other, their will be war until the end.So basicly what is the problem with the game is the very poor presentation and its very hard to get into it. Their will be no feelings of success in the first hours so i can totally understand if someone wants to give it a try, buyed it on steam and then refund it after two hours because in this short time he did not get any fun at all.But if you can overlook the presentation here are the reasons, why in my opinion this game is such a wounderful one.- The scale: This game offers 100 different nations, everyone with a unique backstory based on ancient tales i dont know how many hundret gods, hundret of spells 1000 of units...you name it. The scale of this game is immense and if you belong to the kind of persons who always wants to try new things out, then this game will make you happy.-With the huge scale their also comes: tactics! While the balance of so many nations and spells+ unitcombinations may not be perfect for hard core players who wants to play the best way possibile, since their may be some nations that are just stronger if you play them right, then other nations, but for a more ""casual"" player the amound of possible tactics that you can develop and try to outplay the opponent are immense!-the community: While this game is a very niche game, with only a few sells, the community is still very active, and it is way more likely to get help if you have a question in this game, then in even the most tripple A games. The community members are as far as i can say very friendly, and since they are so active you also shoudlnt get to many problems in creating or joining a Multiplayer Game.- The Multiplayer: To be honest i have to admit, that while i like MP games, and i like strategie games...i never played a round based mulitplayer game besides Civ5 before. To long are the games, to stressfull the games, so i never enjoyed playing in Multiplayer. But in this game the multiplayer part is the true way-to-play of dominions 4...and gives me the best multiplayer experience i have ever seen in a game!The biggest reason is: the free diplomacy. (together with the awesome community) Because while the most games have very ""forced"" diplomacy, which means if you make a non aggression pact you are just unable to invade the opponents lands until this contract is active, and if you give someone in a trade 500 gold for 10 magic swords you get instantly the 10 swords.In dominions 4 the diplomacy has no strict limitations, and is very based on the trust you develop with the other players. Which means that you write real messages to them and ask them for stuff like a trade deal or a non aggression pact and they can write you one thing...and do something totally different.So you can for example make a non aggression pact for 2 years, and all went well but then suddely, when your army is on the other side of the world, your ""ally"" betrays you since he have diplomacy against you which you dont know and invades your lands, you can give him 1000 gold for magic items that he dont send you and stuff like this.So you have to figure out in the game itself how you should punish such untrustful diplomacy. Because you have to think: Can i really trust this player who have already broken a non aggression pact against his other neighbor? Do i support the other player who claimed that he was betrayed from his ""ally""...or is this player just tries to trick you into a war?From this open diplomacy so many intense ""game-of-thrones"" moments happens, and it really gives you the feeling of an emperor of your nation who has to find out his best way to get more power. Will you betray your weak ally to get his lands, knowing that this will hurt your reputation, and will make further diplomacy harder? Will you play honorable and dont attack a nation that has a non aggresion pact with you, while it is weakend from a war against a other nation? To risk that this nation will overcome your nation, if you give it enough time to regain its power?This open diplomacy is of course a very risky option, since when you have the ""wrong"" players in your game that just dont communicate with you what so ever and start attacking you for no reason without any messages, this will really harm the fun that you get from this game, but thanks to the awesome community, most of the players i have seen so far are more then willing to ""roleplay"" the diplomacy which leads to the most interesting situations i have ever seen in any video game.After a while you get really into your games, you truely begin to trust some, misstrust others, you feel great joy, if a plan works as intendet and will cry in frusttration if your masterplan gets crusht by the plans of the other players. This leads to the most immersive gaming experience i have ever seen so far in a round based strategie game.If you love the idea of a diplomacy where like in the real world anythink can happen and a strategie game that is very hard to get into, but has so much to offer that even after thousend of hours you still have more to learn, then i really can recomment it to you."
76561198024475280,Not Recommended,259060,33094767,Posted: 1 July,all,Hector of Troy,"Dominions 4 could easily become one of the best triple A titles out there.  The game has a dense soul and is truly unique.I can't however recommend it due to the absurd amount of micromanagement required. Mind I am used to playing strategy games like Crusader Kings, Civilization, Age of Wonders, etc. And I can say nothing compares to Dominions 4. Micromanagement here is simply unbearable.I hope the developers will take this as a constructive criticism, for I would love one day to play Dominions 5 with a decent UI and a few ordinary features implemented, such as automovement, clear interfaces and functional commands that will help reduce the hundreds of useless clicking, and also allow for a quick and effective way of verifying the relevant game aspects.*** My negative review doesn't necessarily mean you should not buy Dominions 4. Just be warned, though, about the micromanagement inconvenience. Fortunately, this game can be highly customizable. In my case, in order to alleviate the said burden, I have decided to play my single-player campaigns in smaller maps (around 100 provinces), adjust victory conditions to a reasonable throne of ascension percentage and set resource income to a 50% debuff."
,Recommended,259060,12912266,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,"Sgt.""Congkiller""Higgins","This game is the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ seriously. So when you start the game, you get to pick what era you want to play in. Early, middle and late. Some factions only exist in one era, and some change from era to era, Ermor is basically the roman empire in early era and an undead ashen empire in middle era.Anyway, so you got all these cool factions to choose from with awesome lore and backstory, there's like at least +30 factions and they all have unique units and spells. You get to create a pretender god that's basically your king, you pick his physical form, his proficiency in the different schools of magic (Death, Fire, Earth, Air etc) and the effects your god has on your dominion.You got soldiers and you got commanders, commanders lead armies, perform rituals, build buildings, move around on the map, and they can also forge and equip items and search for magic sites in your realm. In this way Dominions 4 has an awesome RPG system, your commanders got stats and traits that affect a lot of things, not only their attributes. For example, there's an item for Ermor that allows my commander to summon 3 lictors for the price of one if I have it equipped. Some items let your armies and commander travel under water or fly. All sorts of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥The empire management is awesome, you allocate commanders to research, forge items, lead armies, you search for magic sites that give you gems and other positive effects (or negative). You don't control the battles directly, but you do get to line up your armies, pick formation, give them orders (Attack rear, attack closest, stay behind troops etc etc) so you do have influence over the lineup and such.I need to play this more but I find it the most fun to play with a human player, it adds challenge and is just fun overal.10/10 would reccomend."
76561198071702821,Recommended,259060,29288799,Posted: 15 January,all,ComatosePhoenix,"Dominions is a difficult game to rate, in part because it is borderline impossible to fully experiance. With nearly 100 factions divided over 3 eras a player would have to play hundreds of games to get the complete experiance of the game. Additionally multiplayer matches are  long experiances. A turn a day turns into a turn a week. Eventually you can get a feel for the magic spells, the units, the complex interactions of the many special abilities. But even then there are countless magic sites, random events that can change strategies and open new oportunities, Dozen's of alternate starting configurations that can completely change the dynamic of the game and finally randomly generated maps just in case the 20 or so hand crafted ones are becoming repetitive.What this creates is an enigmatic, and content rich game that gives the impression of being mechanically complex. Is it balanced? pff, I only have around 500 hours on it. I barely can make it to endgame. balance and metagaming is something that should be reserved once you master the basics. I don't even know if I am there yet. Maybe I am just bad at strategy, and maybe I overestimate the complexity. But hopefully my ramblings have helped you understand the game."
76561198114950823,Recommended,259060,14407584,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Vespy,"I generally wouldn't recommend to anyone, unless they say ""bah, TBS games are so easy"", or ""bah, strategy games are so 1990's"" (while graphically I'd have to agree).Dominions 4 is so complex, noone has even attempted to make a wiki. There's a manual, written by the developpers, which in printed form is a 400 page book.This is a combination of Magic the Gathering (ie, the card game, with all it's complexities), and Civilization.I'm on my 10th game, I'm cheating, and I'm still getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked.Also, the graphics and UI just suck. The game is very very stable though. :)-Vespy"
76561198033122799,Recommended,259060,30989170,Posted: 6 April,all,Bertie ♌ (Discord),">Playing with some friends>Friend is playing as a nation of skeleton people>One of his commanders gets the ability ""Unequalled obesity"">Me ""How does a skeleton get fat?"">Him ""He's not fat he's big boned""10/10"
76561197989186943,Recommended,259060,7952810,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gnollmar,"This is one of the most involving strategy games i've ever played. The graphics might seem bad, and at the start of the game, you wont understand anything at all, but no worries!Look up the tutorial, check some playthroughs, and test stuff out. This game isnt for those who want instant action though, its for people who like boardgames like chess or risk, or enjoy games like civilization and those where you may have to use hours just thinking out ONE round. ""Did i remember this, did i remember that?"" Be ready for a LOT of micromanagement!After one hour in the game, i thought ""How can THIS be worth more than 10$??""After ten hours in the game, i wondered how they could sell a game like this, as cheap as this.If you want a game to put a lot of time into, then this is for you. Though, if you're more interested in games like battlefield, COD, etc. for instant action. Then stay away, as you will get bored after ten minutes.Overall, i'd give this game 8/10 due to gameplay. Not higher because it might get a bit boring and repeative at times. The graphics isnt really helping it much either, the battles could have looked a bit prettier, everything else looks and feels great."
76561198028988677,Recommended,259060,30240362,Posted: 28 February,all,Глубоководный,Awful Interface. Brilliant deep strategy. Two thumbs up!
,Recommended,259060,29784847,Posted: 8 February,all,NeoDnyarri,"In Dominions 4, you play a pretender god who has risen up to claim the spot of Pantokrator, after the last one dissapeared for reasons unknown. There are others however who wish to take that spot, and only whoever proves themselves the most worthy will take the place as the god above all gods!Dominions 4 is a grand strategy game with a few interesting twists. First of all, you are a god, and as gods are, you need worship to survive and become the one true god! Second of all, unlike other grand strategy games, you don't give orders to troops directly during combat. You give them a set of orders and tactics to use when combat begins, as if you were commanding an actual army of troops. Finally, magic is a ever-present necessity in any age, and a great deal of magic requires the use of magic gems. Magic gems are an incredibly compressed form of magic, and even a single one can unleash a great deal of power to an experienced mage.Pros:+ Customizability allows for a variety of different playstyles for each nation.+ 75 nations to play, if you count all three ages.+ Has a modding community supported by the devs.+ Has a great depth of strategy, coupled with a large library of spells to bolster any tactics you choose.+ Great deal of replayability, since only a few nations are identical to each other, and the ones that are is intentional.Cons:- The learning curve is quite steep, but there's a manual to help on their website. It's about 100 pages long, but the vast majority is just listing artifacts and spells.- Can get very tedious with alotting magic gems and artifacts to units each turn.- Games tend to be very long, and on very large maps, a turn can take upwards of 15 minutes.Verdict: The price is a bit high, but if you're a fan of the grand strategy genre, and want some fantasy to spice up your library, this is a great game!"
,Recommended,259060,23813540,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Λ°Cypheir,"This game = Civilizations + Mythological nations and creatures, with less ""national management"" and more ""war/battle management.""The lore of this game is absolutely phenomenal, and the amount of research needed to produce this game must have been quite a task to accumulate.Look, if you're averse to reading, you probably wont like this game. If you can get over the low res textures, this game will blow you away.Someone bought me this game to be fair, but I liked it so much, I bought multiple copies for other friends."
76561198109500046,Recommended,259060,21894653,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,hobotone,"Geez....what can I say about Dominions 4? Let's start with the ingredient list:1. A bunch of hand drawn cartoonish maps2. Tons of tiny, simple pixel sprites3. A battle animation sequence that looks like it comes from an overheated Nintendo in 19894. The best sountrack you'll ever hear in a PC game5. CrackMix all these together and, oddly enough, you end up with one of the most satisfying strategy games I've ever experienced. Maybe it's the stunning amount of content, literally hundreds of spells, weapons, and items. There are tons of unique races, each with their own developed lore and play style. You create your own customized pretender god and lead your pixel hordes to world conquest, spreading your religion and snuffing out belief in any god other than you.The game's learning curve seems intimidating. The tutorial requires you to read the manual while you play, which is weird and off-putting; but if you do it, you'll be proficiently navigating the interface in no time.It's a storyteller's game that will spark your imagination, and occupy your thoughts long after you shut your computer off."
,Recommended,259060,34890947,Posted: 11 September,all,Overlord 🍁,"Conquered the entire known universe as the son of an archangel, wearing nothing but a cape and the suit I was born in, all while my ankle-spanker bellowed majestically in the winds.10/10, would flash an entire fantasy setting again"
,Recommended,259060,14819398,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,CastroTheBarbarian,Fantastic game. Hard to get into and hard to master but literally endless strategies.Want to throw hordes of skeletons and undead at the enemy? You can.Want to blight out the sun and cause the world to slowly die? You can.Lovely game 10/10 literally an infinate number of strategies.
,Recommended,259060,12568404,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Advisysamt,"Very intricate and complex.Be prepared to spend hours learning how to play the game, and years mastering it."
76561198126278109,Recommended,259060,25600854,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Veksha,"This is one of the best strategic games you can find in Steam, and my all-time favorite. There is only a couple of insignificant flaws, and I will be short about them. First flaw is graphics, obviously, if you want to see beautiful picture, Dominions is not an eye-candy game. Second flaw is micromanagement, it may be quite tedious to play on huge map with a lot of provinces and opponents. Well, it is always hard to control a vast empire, is not it?And what is good in this game? Well... everything else. Dominions offers a huge amount of content and deep, well-designed and balanced mechanics. By other side, it is not hard to learn basics, Dominions is one of these games that ""easy to learn but hard to master"". You may gather an army and send it to conquer neighbours in just a couple of clicks... and then realise, that you need to think about strategy.I absolutely loved all playable nations, they are not typical boring ""elves, dwarves and orcs"", but thoroughly developed groups, based on myths and cultures from all around the world - from celtic myths to slavic folklore, from african stories to chinese legends. Game offers wonderful lore, and it was really interesting for me to explore it.Customization offers a lot of choices, it has a huge impact and also provides wide capabilities to roleplay, if you want to. Do you want to rule a scorched land of sloth and misfortune? Maybe you prefer frozen realm full of magic and mineral resources? Or lush green paradise with rich fields and bountiful harvests? And how about your avatar, will it be a huge dormant dragon, or ancient powerful lich, or even a marble statue smeared with blood of sacrificed virgins? And all this customization is not just cosmetic changes, it has a huge impact on gameplay and, in fact, determines your possible ways to victory.Economic system is simple and effective. You need to manage three types of resources: gold, production and gems, used for most powerful spells, troops and creation of artifacts. There is no penalties for territorial expansion, so Dominions is true heaven for conquerors. The more provinces you control - the more resources you will have, so expansion is absolutely necessary for victory.Battles are interesting and quite unusual. You can not control your troops directly, but you may plan, how your squads must act and what you expect from them to do. Planning the battle, placing troops and choosing what spells your wizards may cast, is vital part of game, and you really need to think and develop your tactic and strategy. And when it comes to magic... game really shines there, lots of schools and tons of spells, and again you really need to think, what and when you need to use. Easy to learn, hard to master, as I mentioned before.AI is decent. For me it was interesting enough to play on medium difficulty, of course AI can not be compared with human, but he actively resists, collects armies and punishes player for mistakes. And if you want challenge, you can always try hard difficulty or, maybe, join multiplayer... if you can find another players.Main thing that Dominions can offer is huge replayability. So many combinations, I am sure that you will not get bored soon. So. You love turn-based strategic games and still did not tried Dominions? I sincerely recommend this game for you then. Excellent stuff, high quality. I mean it, man!"
76561198017262028,Recommended,259060,18751443,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Brand,This is like every fantasy wargame...but you need an excel spreadsheet to play.  I love it.
76561198053988784,Recommended,259060,21679748,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Stephen,"This game is absolutely great. It allows for incredibly in-depth strategy with a large variety of interesting factions and mechanics. Only in Dominons 4 can you sacrifice a bunch of blood slaves in an attempt to crossbreed the ultimate warrior. 10/10.Update: I recently had an epic experience that I posted on the discussion board, and people said I should at it as a review. So here it is.How Heroes are MadeEarlier tonight, one of the most epic occurences I have ever seen in a video game occured. Seeing that as a sign of a good game and also worth telling about, I decided to post here for your reading pleasure. Since it is only due to a confusing chain of events that this occured, I'm going to tell the full story from start to finish. Enjoy.Recently I started a MA game with my friend. It was Agartha and Pangea (me and my friend) up against 6 other pairs ( Ermor and Arcosephale, Ashdod and Nazca, Tien Chi and Caelum, Eriu and Ulm, Asphodel and Vanarus, Sceleria and Man ). Settings were for a long enjoyable coop game against the AI, with story events, conquest all, clustered spawns, and common random events. To start, we are luckily positioned with the one sea as our northern border ( the map had full wraparound), and mountains close by. We expand quickly and have a nice lump of land before we begin having conflicts with our neighbors, Ermor to the west and Ashdod/Nazca to the south. Im forced to support my Pangean friend with large blocks of Agarthan infantry supported with living statues so we can push back the enemies to the south. During the delay, Ermor casts a global enchantment, Burden of Time. Realizing the issues with all of our units dying of old age, we immediatly leave a small border garrison and charge our resources at Ermor. The endless legion combined with the death 3 provinces causes massive attrition, wearing our armies down to nothing and resulting in the deaths of my top commanders, excpet for one, Ernst, the Cave Captain. He has already aged to 45 / 50 from the Global Enchantment, so I prepare a suicide battalion of my remaining elderly units to rush Ermor and slay their god to end the enchantment. In a long battle across Ermor, I manage to corner and kill him in their capital. In the mean time, I've also rushed my way into Blood Magic to unlock Boots of Youth, which Ernst gets at the ripe age of 49, 1 year before old age. The Encantment is dispelled, but most players without undead focus have been crippled from its effects. My researchers are all diseased and my armies crippled. Ernst and only a few other commanders were given boots in time, the rest being too wounded to salvage. I recruit new generals, one of which being Aripert. The game is peacful for a time, but soon Ashopdel begins attacking. Im ready. Aripert and Ernst lead a combined force of over 400 Agarthan infantry, supported by foul spawn and living statues. Ashopdel is crushed, but their ally Vanarus pushes me back, killing most of my army. My commanders retreat, and I get a story event at my capital. A band of adventurers has joined the cause. I put them to good use as supporting commanders and mages for Aripert and Ernst. I launch a new attack at Ashopdel and Vanarus, killing the former and sieging the latter. My ally in the meantime has been fighting the war from the opposite side, and we meet together at Vanarus's capital. I storm first, Ernst, Aripert, and adveturers as commanders, a a vangaurd of Agarthan Living Statues in the front, foul spawn on the flanks, and Agarthan infantry in the core. The battle is brutal, with the archer towers killing 2 of my 6 adventurers, and my force being hit with many spells. Inside the fort is Vanarus' God, the Son of Fenrir. My own commanders have reached hall of fame status with 4 EXP and a heroic ability each. The battle rages, and I notice the adventures have been casting Nature 2 spells Enlarge and Enrage on my commanders. Suddenly, my small Cave Captains Ernst and Aripert have turned into size 4 killing machines, but are unable to get into combat. Eventually, morale breaks in both sides, and the mages run off the fields. My statues and the enemy elementals collapse into dust, leaving our core infantry to fight. The Son of Fenrir enters combat with his wolves, decimating my men while their men are whittled away by my more tanky infantry. The core infantry of their side routes, but mine route aswell after slaying the wolve body guards of their pretender god. All thats left are Ernst and Aripert, leading the charge alone. Against a god. With 200 hp. and Regen. I prepare for the worst, and to my astonishment Ernst strikes their god down with his enchanted Sword of Swiftness, with Aripert supporting. Vanarus was knocked out of the game, and a basic Cave Captain recruiting for a suicide mission many years ago had slain a god."
76561198027032507,Recommended,259060,22413196,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,yojimbo69,"This game is almost everything I've ever wanted in an RTS. I don't need crazy graphics to lull me into a false sense of having fun. I'd rather have cool mechanics and good game play. It does have a bit of a learning curve and finding information online is hard, but just like any board game you've ever loved, once you figure it out it's a blast.The only thing that's missing is being able to design your own nation. But, I suspect there's either  a mod or an option out there I haven't seen yet as I'm still digging through all this game has to offer. I will be pretty much wasting a massive amount of my life on this game and I'm totally ok with that! :D This is hands down my favorite RTS so far."
,Recommended,259060,29084074,Posted: 7 January,all,- dan -,"Dominate the world! Dominions 4 is the best game. It has insane depth with 1000's of units hundreds of spells, artifacts and magic sites. You can freeze the seas, snuff the sun and set the world ablaze if you wish to. Dom4 brings many improvements to the interface and in my opinion is the best one in the series yet.Good- so much variety- deeply strategic- easily moddable- dope real world mythologyBad-steep learning curve-makes my eyes bleed after hours of play-illwinter need a pr guy. Just look at the trailer!If you like turn based fantasy strategy, this here is your boy. 5/5 this game is amazing"
76561198008440799,Recommended,259060,13612953,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gormotha,"This game is not for everyone. If you like fast paced games, don't buy. If you dont like steep, steep learning curves... don't buy. If you like beautiful graphics don't buy. If you dont like turn by turn... you get the idea.If you love diversity, replayability, and hours and hours of gameplay for a single game, with hundreds of races, hundeds of spells and thousands of troops, learning curve so high that even years after playing and searching the forum you learn new techniques that make you want to restart, if you are a strategy geek and you want the best there is in terms of gameplay with a twist of fantasy and magic, heroes and countries to conquer.. if you want to be a god... this title is definatly for you!!!Mltiplayer takes you to an entirely new level. Now this is my only downside to the game... multiplayer is by far the best experience ever, but the time/difficulty to join or create  a game is frustrating... and I end up playing single player becaue I just cant be bothered to spend so much time finding a multiplayer game.Dont be offset by the graphics, its really not what this game is about, think of it in terms of a board game, a really, really complex yet enjoable board game where you strategy to beat your opponents are so diverse, thet the entire game is about finding counters and opening using different tequniques, units and spells. Earthquakes of firestorms, awe or poison, flaming arrows or undead elephants, summon demon riders or archangels, go economy or blood sacrifices, dominion kill or assassination, compete in death matches or forge powerful magic items to choose rom 8 different elemental forces, each with specific reqirments and unique powers, use flying units or underwater units, choose a powerful fighting god or a researcher, awake or asleep for more points to your empire, and it goes on and on.... I just scratched the surface of endless possibilities..."
,Recommended,259060,13042581,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,LOL Computers,"Once upon a time games were created that were good and would be updated somewhat frequently and with new content.  I know this sounds like complete madness but things used to be this way and you wouldn't have to pay for characters/classes that most people take for granted today like necromancers (Age of Wonders 3 I'm looking at you here).I can't really state anything else that this game does well that hasn't been said before on other reviews, but was just glacing at the store page when I noticed that on November 4th two new nations that span three eras were added to the game, and I didn't have to spend a dime.If you can't appreciate that then I don't know what to tell you."
76561198063978901,Recommended,259060,31944899,Posted: 24 May,all,IthiliesShnipes,"One of the best empire administration strategy games out there.  The game will likely seem intimidating at first to some people due to the UI, but once you get the hang of it, you will have a lot of fun.  10/10."
,Recommended,259060,25228120,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,月に叢雲花に風,"400 hundreds hours on single player alone until I burned out.Then I discovered multiplayer and have spent another 200 hours since then.Pretty good game, even with its flaws (some nations are unbalanced, graphics are antiquated, and the information provided in-game is so limited that you have to ask around the forums and use the inspector to figure things out.)"
,Recommended,259060,11949862,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Trapper_Hat,This game is deeper then Jaden Smith's tweets.
76561198033674735,Recommended,259060,31668535,Posted: 10 May,all,Jake Madmuscle,"The ""Holiest of Holies"" for fantasy turn-based strategy"
76561197966573723,Recommended,259060,13024421,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,sausages,"If you are looking for a very elaborated fantacy strategy game, I would recommend this. In short, gameplay is excellent while the graphic/music is really bad in the year 2014. The current US$35 price is a bit too much so I would highly recommend it during a sales.Gameplay:First of all, there are so many nations to be chosen from. For example, in ""Early Age"" setting, there are currently (""currently"" because the Dev just added one new nation in a Nov 2014 patch) 29 nations each with different troops (some nations share the same troops because of the fantacy setting) and starting magic strength. As for magic, there are 8 types in total (Fire, Water, Air, Earth, Nature, Death, Astral, and Blood) while the research for spells are divided by schools instead of type (except for ""Blood"", which is both a school and type of magic) so that you can't really too concentrate your research on one school while ignoring the others.As for buildings, there are only a few; I guess the Dev want you to spend gold on troops than fancy buildings.Last but not least, there are hereos for each nation and generic heroes to be summoned by spells. When there are heroes available, you certainly want to equip them with fancy equipments... and yes... there are so many you can build as long as you have researched the magic school level and the magic resources. Although they are called ""Heroes"", they aren't invincible even if they have reached a high experience level or even if you teach them very high magic level. It is because experience only adds small increment to their combat skills while high magic level requires substantial investment and casting stronger magic creates alot more fatique (high fatique can kill them) to the hero. Further, you can't exactly revive heroes in Dominions 4, you can only bring them back as ""mummy"" which is a undead hero.If you want to check how many nations, spells, or equipments, you can read the manual from its official website.Graphic/music:The graphic is really 2008 and there are only like 4 or 5 music in the game. Therefore, please do no expect too much."
76561197995878700,Recommended,259060,12386681,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Palpatween,"Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension brings me back to my younger days of playing strategic board games with the added bonus of godhood and divinity. In the game you control a pretender god and its respective nation of worshipers. Various thrones of ascension exist (based on how you configure the scenario) in different locations around the world map. By claiming enough thrones before the other pretender gods you can attain victory. Each nation has its own units, pretender gods, priest units, magical units and traits. Want to be a Cthulu-esque monstrosity which ushers its amphibious armies from the depths? Do it! Want to be a peace loving and fair deity skilled in the magics of nature? You got it! Forge magical items for your generals and prophets? Spread your dominion to all corners of the globe? Do you want to conduct sacrifices for different benefits? All of these things and more are possible. The game is not perfect, however, as the graphics are dated. And that is being very generous with my wording. I, however, with a deep love of grand strategy and fantasy have found the hours I've explored this game to be quite rewarding. If you enjoy grand strategy and are willing to invest time in swinging through a slightly steep learning curve then don't pass up this hidden gem. And, as always, support games that are more than just products. They are art! Cheers and good luck on your path to godhood!EDIT: I also wanted to highly recommend the map entitled ""Valanis."" It is a user created map that is simply beautiful and intriguing. Happy gaming!"
76561197995210010,Recommended,259060,24430888,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,kamilkulczyk,"600 hours in almost 3 years :-)Before I have tried multiplayer I have never even read the tutorial or visited the forums. Basically that meant that I have played it using only the most obvious magic ( e.g. fireballs, summon elementals and such ) and concentrated on learning troop strengths + weaknesses and developing battlefield tactics. I've propably spend 200 hours playing one nation in one age: Machaka in middle age. Why? It was one of the first I have tried and it had Zulu like warriors riding giant, no sorry GIANT Tarantulas. I've read many reviews and nobody writes about the terrifing noice those tarrantuals make, when they chomp their victims...Or how almost every spell has its own sound so the battle is like a strange symphony :-)Other things people don't mention:1.The developers are commited to make the game even more deep and complex, BUT they are also commited to cut on micromanagement where only possible, for example: to reaserch magic, to buy a new mage (this with a castle 90% of the time), to perform a magic ritual ( e.g. send winged monkeys to enemy province and capture a comander; summon bunch of ogres or dragons ), to send a magic item from one end of a map to another, to access the gem treasury (gems are needed for summoning monsters, crafting magical gear and using more powerfull battlespells), to send blood virgins to the central dungeon (you'll find out yourself what THEY are for, you rascals, you), to make the magic gear and maybe for few other things as well,you need ONLY ONE BUILDING in that province! In other games you would need to buy 7 different buildings because thats the way other games try to achive complexity.Another example: those troops that have lost their armor during a battle (there are spells with that effect like Rust or Acid Rain) get it back automatically afterwords providing there is enough resources in the province - its so automated that most players have no idea it even takes place!Another example: in Dominions 3 there was an craftable artifact called Burning pearl(?). It had the efect that the commander wearing it would lose one point of life a turn but you would gain one fire gem. You could give those Burning pearls to all your commanders( after 20 turns maybe 40 of them? ) and then try to keep an eye on them so that you take the magic amulet from them after 9 turns, so they do not die because of it. Imagine the level of micro if you had 150 commanders :-)  In Dominions 4 this amulet got scraped, we got Fire in a Jar amulet, that provides the mage with one fire gem during a battle. Nice, elegant solution.2.The diversity of the game is greatly increased by the aviable mods, especially NationGen. I am currently passionately playing a Hoburg ( essencially warrior hobbits) nation. The blessed, sacred unit is a boar cavalery.They have swords and throw Tomahowks; I gave them fire bless so the Tomahawks are on fire when they whirl towards the enemy! I am sure the Boar's gore attack has a fire element to it as well, but the grafic does not show it :-(This nation has also a deer cavalery unit, Heavy Infantry with clockwork armour ( there is game mechanic connected with the properties of the armor), a scout that is an assasin as well, flying cavalery with giant hawks and bunch of mages, commanders and infantry which seem vanilla in comparison but would be crazy interesting in other games.NationGen mod can give you unlimited amount of new, unique nations, including the one where Velicoraptors ride to battle on crocodiles!3.There is a certain beauty in the way a battle progresses in the game, especially in multiplayer. Before battle you decide how big the units should be (one soldier minimum, I don't know if there is maximum - the biggest I remmeber was 250 soldiers), how many of them and what their behaviour during the battle should be e.g. attack closest enemy or wait 2 turns and attack the archers and so on >> about 20 possible combinations. Making those decisions, you will face tradeoffs like: do I make one extra small unit and order it to guard my precious commander but this will result in small morale penalty for all the soldiers this general has under him.When battle replay starts (you have no control over the battle during the battle) you see how different units move on the battlefield, how when they touch some of them melt under the assault like snow on lava, others stand the groung like a stonewall. Units get mixed with each other; some catch fire others get paralyzed; buffing spells change their color or opaqueness; they get covered and traped by nets, vines or the earth itself. You see how a line of tough, armored, veteran infantry sloughters the cheap militia before them but there is 4 militiamen for every veteran. In the center there is 1v1 fighting but militia gradualy envelops the flank of veterans. The last warrior in line faces suddenly 5,6 militiamen- he fights and dies, then another, and another. You see how the flank of the falange is crumbling, you see how the militia is about to anihilate the veterans (while losing 50 % of their number) when suddenly 5 tarrantula riders charge the militia. Their god pretender blessed them with weapons that are on fire and they make use of it. The giant tarantulas cover the enemy in spider webs, inject them with poison and terrify you with otherwordly screeching. The militia breaks, runs away only to get massacred by the pursuing spider cavalery. The veterans break and flee to - from a 30 man unit there is only 6 left and every one has a battle affliction: missing eye, crippled leg or unhealable chest wound. One of them has 7 afflictions and his stats are worse than a blind militiaman's. If only there was a way to kill him it would be a mercy. But there isn't so in next battle he is going to be part of the Archer Bait Unit..."
,Recommended,259060,20045029,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Aromasin,"First game in, pressed random nation. My nation is basically planet of the apes with evil demon ogre overlords. My monkeys all died so I resurected them. Now I have evil skeletal monkeys. Then this vishnu looking chap pops up and starts messing faces up. I start going about my business, bashing barbarians and the like, when all of a sudden this fish looking dude comes along a swallows vishnu. Like, whole. So now my demon ogres and their monkey brethren are running away from these fish ♥♥♥♥ers when all of a sudden Mr. Tumnus from ♥♥♥♥ing Narnia comes and messes up the fish people, then proceeds to wipe me out.I don't know what's going on, but I like it.10/10"
,Recommended,259060,17992668,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hodor,"A real strategy game, with colossal depth, complexity, and replayability. If you are sick of dumbed-down casual games with pretty graphics, this is the polar opposite."
,Recommended,259060,24283238,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Energizer5,My friends keep telling to stop being anti-social and to stop playing Dominos 4 and now I have no friends
76561198016878054,Recommended,259060,29073201,Posted: 6 January,all,Thius,*ELEPHANT NOISES*
76561198002481497,Recommended,259060,24835015,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The Sickle Whose Crop Is Pain,"I still suck at this game... but the level of depth in this game, on more levels than that of the gameplay itself, is amazing. I would not be surprised if I've only ever finished a single game of Dominions 4, before roleplay goals I set for myself before I started to play were achieved. I can't support the developers enough, in the hopes that one day Dominions will blow up and get a game with the level of depth we currently have but also with the aesthetics such a game deserves."
,Recommended,259060,8060744,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Submarine_SantaFe,"Dom4 is the best and deepest turn based fantasy game ever made.  Why? There's 75+ different NATIONS to play with over 3 different eras.  Each nation has their own interesting history based on the dominions world and aren't just a fantasy ripoff of orcs, elves, etc.  There's an incredibly deep magic system with over 800 spells, 300 forgeable magic items and over 2000 units!  You can play single player, hotseat, play by email or multiplayer with up to 28 players including team games.  The game is also easily moddable and there's a big mod community.    With this many nations, spells, and units, this game is very complex and impossible to fully master.  It's an old school style game where you should actually read the manual (infact dominions 3 came with a 400 page manual).  This game is an acquired taste for the patient who enjoy gameplay over good graphics.  If you're a tabletop wargamer or enjoy the civ series you might like this. The graphics are sprite based but functional and the music is good. If you're on the fence about this game, Dominions 3 (which is similiar) has a free demo available for download. If you're a serious strategy gamer who cares about deep tactics and likes lots of possiblities instead of just rock, paper, scissors style of today's RTS games, you'll love Dominions.  It's one of my top 10 games of all time on any platform and the only game that I would say even comes close to comparing to it is Civ 5 with all DLC and expansions.  Even then, it's a tough call to say which I like more.  Dominions is responsible for more ""oops it's 7 am, time for bed"" than I care to admit. Give it a try (and read the manual and tutorial!)"
76561198014485375,Recommended,259060,30624493,Posted: 19 March,all,Mad hatters in jeans,"A very enjoyable game to learn how to play. However there are times where as a player it can be frustrating trying to understand what certain things do. Indeed there are scenarios that crop up that confuse veterans of the game now and again.A quick pros, mos and consPros:Massive customisation available in god creation stageStrategies can be altered mid-gameCute graphics for different units, and there are many of themNations feel very unique, they all have their own niches, and there are many of them.Game devs still adapt the game even after all this time.Randomisation in map creation leads to unique game scenariosMos: (neither a pro or a con but something I think a new player must know, must know = mo)_Battles are scripted beforehand, you cannot interact with them while they are in progress. But you can watch the replay and learn from your mistakes or successes._God creation is important, if you pick a bad set of scales before the game properly starts you could find yourself in a difficult situation with no way to escape the situation. Don't be afraid to start a few test games to make sure exactly what plan you have in mind for the units you will be working with._Not all spells are equal. Especially when considering the variety of unit types. Some spells don't work underwater, some don't affect mindless, undead and some simply cannot be cast without communions or blood slaves.Cons:Graphics are super dated, although they're very cute for what they are.Sound effects can be a little loud at times. Snakes and archers have the sound dialled up to 11.Information overload is a big problem. Guides are a must. I would recommend watching a playthrough.Information availability can be a problem too. Sometimes there are questions I have that simply bring up no search results.The sheer variety of nations and spells and units can be a challenge to keep in mind.Due to the massive variance in the nations and starting conditions game balance may not always be ideal.Underwater combat can feel a bit limited in variety and some underwater nations do require a bit of game experience before attempting to play.Random babble:Things like figuring out encumberance (spell/melee encumberence is a big deal), what curses do and how important reinvigoration is can trip you up. For instance units with ""cold blooded"" fighting in cold climates suffer an encumberance penalty when fighting in cold terrain, to the point where in very cold climates these units are a liability.Or if you click on the ""Morale"" in the unit card this brings up the unit upkeep, which is how much the unit costs per year. Kind of a big deal when figuring out why a unit costs a certain amount. This vital info is just tucked away under a little word.Or that Undead seem great right? high morale (basically unbreakable), no upkeep and can go underwater...riiight up until you hit an enemy who uses priests, then all those undead summons get banished into nothing. One size does not fit all. (However with the right build you can totally make undead nations work. Watch out for multiplayer with them though, due to their dominion killing population other players generally want to kill them quick)This is a game of layers. Once you figure out one layer a dozen more lie beneath. However once you figure out ideal paths for your god, scripts for unit combat, what gear you need and research goals the game is fairly straightforward. The rest comes down to good old fashioned strategy, (depending on if you play multiplayer or singleplayer this will differ significantly).Due to how much you have to micomanage everything your strategy can change quite drastically and thanks to the  massive number of spells available you will be able to adapt how you play. The rest comes down to how much time you have to spare.The game really shines in how you use your mages and thugs. Also not all Gods (or Pretender gods) are equal, some are designed to be combat monsters from turn 1, others are designed to support your nation from behind the curtain while other still lie imprisoned waiting for the time to come into the world. There are valid reasons to use each of them.It's a God game of god games, you control everything and yet when the battles come all you can do is watch. It can be very rewarding watching all that time you spend preparing scripts for your units come together at just the right moment.For all that it's not a difficult game, it really isn't. It's just a matter of having the time spare to learn what you need to know. If you have that time this game will take you on an adventure that novel writers and film makers could only dream of."
,Recommended,259060,24975592,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,btonasse,"This is hands down the best strategy game I ever played, and I have played quite a lot of them. Virtually unlimited variety and strategic depth keeps me coming back for more for a few years now. In a Dominions multiplayer game everything can happen, and your opponents are always coming up with clever ways to defeat your strategy that you thought was unbeatable. Another big argument in favor of this game is the rich lore that was put into the 50+ different nations you can play. It is not based only on commonplace pop culture influences like so many other fantasy games around, but in real world history and mythologies.On the other hand, if you are not interested in multiplayer, the game is not nearly as exciting, since even the most advanced AI engineering in the world wouldn't be able to handle the game's intricacies. After a while, at least for me, single player became mostly a testing ground for new strategies. So yes, that's a downside of the game, but which complex strategy game has decent enough AI to keep you on your toes for years? None.Other downsides I can think of are the outdated graphics (about which I personally couldn't care less) and the sometimes awkward UI. But the game is still occasionally updated, not only with new content, but also with AI and UI improvements, which is always very welcome.So yeah, if you're into a strategically complex set in a rich fantasy setting and don't care about AAA graphics slowing down loading times, there's no better game in my opinion. Go for it."
76561198079530646,Not Recommended,259060,32858312,Posted: 27 June,all,Bou,"An awesome game ruined by tedious micromanagement and bad UIMicromanagement exampleLet's say you have 6 provinces between your home province and your front. Moving a commander to the next province will take 1 turn. The problem is that you can't order him to go to the front by one click and wait a few turns, no you'll have to move him manually 1 province EVERY turn! So you will have to give him 6 commands within 6 turns, 1/turn.Imagine 3 castles scattered around your empire each 6 provinces away from your front producing units and want to support the frontline, then you will have to manually move 3 seperate commanders every turn. Resulting in giving 6*3=18 commands over a period of 6 turns, 3/turn for only 3 units (you have to locate them first by selecting the province), cumbersome and tedious.UI examplesThere is no total number of units view of your provinces. You need to grab the nation's overview and sum up the sizes of armies in that province by yourself. Seriously? There is no way telling from the world map how many units are occupying that particular province while there is a depiction of the total number of units in enemy provinces, doesn't make sense.The pictures representing the type of commanders in the nation's overview table are so small that it is almost impossible to distinguish them from eachother. Overall the interface is cluncky and there are nested menu's. The game doesn't discriminate between mages and commanders with high leadership but without magic abilities (they are both registered as commanders), thus no hotkeys for selecting idle specific commanders.Short game descriptionThe game is similar to the board game RISK added with deep tactical combat. Economy and empire development are negligible. There is zero diplomacy (for SP). Combat is auto-resolving and totally hands off. Instead you will program your battleplan. You can chop up your army in different squads and got 3 general options for each squad; Formations (box, line etc), Battle order (attack, hold and attack, keep distance while firing etc) and Target (cavalry, rearmost enemies etc).I never thought it was possible to have auto-resolving combat with deep tactical layers, dominions 4 shows it. Spreading dominion (=religion) in this game is equivalent to spreading your sphere of influence in 4x games. Dominion affects abilities and/or environments, like turning farmland into swamps. The singleplayer is a skirmish free for all battle where you goal is to capture all the thrones on the map. The game revolves around countering builds of your opponent and since the AI does a poor job at it, it is therefore more suitable for multiplayer."
76561198183019399,Recommended,259060,28602514,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bone Tomahawk,Very deep strategic game. Best played in multiplayer.
76561198032354611,Recommended,259060,24397086,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,prophetg,"About 100 hours before I could say ""Ok, I understand everything I'm doing in this game"" and 50 more hours before being able to say ""Ok, I've beaten this game"" (single player). I had never experienced this in a 4X game before and I LOVED the challenge !And this is just the game mechanics experience. Despite the (very) low quality graphics, the huge diversity of nations, units, and the various associated gameplays was a lot of fun. I kept on playing just to see what kind of units I had not seen, just to FEEL the spirit behind each specific nation.I also loved creating various gods, with different approaches (fighters, spell-casters, buffers, ...), as well as exploiting the game mechanics to create almost unbeatable gods in battle. And I really liked the fact that it is always a ""almost"", because there's always a way to kill a unit even if buffed up like hell.I can imagine that multiplayer must be incredible, but 150 hours in single player is rare enough for me to be praised."
,Recommended,259060,19293094,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Waterpls,"Very best and complicated multiplayer turn-based strategy. Not so good in single, mostly because of annoying and weak AI, but with mods some people can enjoy it for years"
76561198000295051,Recommended,259060,23453047,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Squirry,"The single deepest and most interesting turn based strategy game available.The graphics fall somewhere between charmingly simple and an ugly unreadable mess, depending on who you are, the game mechanics are poorly explained ingame, and the interface wages an active war against the eyes and the mind of the player. But in spite of those drawbacks, there's simply no game in the genre I would recommend over this one. It is THAT good.It takes some time to get into it, but once you've done that you will keep coming back. The strategic depth is damn close to unlimited."
76561198005397255,Recommended,259060,29243118,Posted: 14 January,all,T.O.R.I.G.A the Mighty🌴,"This game does so much more than I thought I could and I was under the impression that it did a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton already. So many factions to choose from with huge differences in play styles leaves room for a lot replayability.The only down side to this game is it has a learning curve, you will have many guides open tryiny to figure out what the hell you are doing.I would tell anyone to get this game that has the time/patience to learn what this has to offer."
,Recommended,259060,28619401,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,arbz,AMAZING!
,Recommended,259060,11770102,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,The Miami Moderator,I played a fountain of blood leading undead romans against monkies controlled by demons and vampire illuminati who were controlled by a tree.10/10 game
76561198064335556,Recommended,259060,24700747,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,invokethat,"Mutant chess on steroids) Very deep and complex, makes your brain work a lot)Oh, one more turn and i am going to sleep -> ♥♥♥♥ it is 4 am -> start panicking and try to sleep cause you actually need to wake for work soon)Also reading ARRs on desura`s forums is kinda fascinating, so much deepness in the game."
76561198003922696,Recommended,259060,23117535,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Beans,"Man, a review huh. I wasn't expecting much from this game as I've bounced from 4x to wargames, and back again over time never really being that impressed. So let me write a quick love letter to this one, that I've been hopelessly addicted to over the past several days despite its flaws.This game does not compromise on what it's supposed to be. It's a lovesong to the heydey of the past, and it's built without regard to any mosquito-like whining of the modern age. It never adapted except maybe to make controls easier, and it's so easy to love for it's somewhat rustic charm. If you played this sort of game in 1998, you will be well at home here.It treats graphics as though they were petty things for lesser purveyors of the arts. Instead, each and every facet of the game is just rich with an 11 herbs-and-spices of flavor. Every ""pretender"" God is interesting to read about, as is each civilization. As far as I can tell, they're all derived from one collection of lore or another, but they're adapted in such a way as to be interesting. Do you want biblical fanfiction? Norse mythology? The Deku tree? There's something for everyone here, and none of it is compromised to plebs that tend to fill modern video game audiences.Let me also mention the depth here. This game is so incredibly deep that many complain about it. As a caveat, the depth may not be entirely perfectly crafted. I feel there are some imbalances between the value of units, and the sheer amounts of spells makes it unreasonable to have a good grasp on what any given casters capabilities are. However, I kind of enjoy the ""fog of war"" this creates, and as my group of bros got this on sale, we're all kind of on the same curve.DO BE AWARE. There are a LOT of things in this game that are never explicitly explained, and I absolutely recommend looking up a guide. I watched the first 5 videos in this guy's guide:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgp1s16zUFAThings like garrisons, prophets, many facets of casting, even just creating your nation are not obvious or intuitive. You can totally crap your way through it, but it'd be easy to go a few hours and still be missing things.(on a side note, there are no dedicated servers, you have to use a VLAN with port access, however it has been the most seamless experience I think I've ever had with this system, even flawlessly connecting overseas)Multiplayer aside, this game is really great on single player as well. I pretty much immediately put in several hours.There's just so much meat here, and the meat is delicious. I havn't had such a boner for a game in quite some time. So please accept my full-bellied sloppy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥soaked recommendation. Time to play for a few more hours."
76561198017127434,Recommended,259060,26153154,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,tarklot37,"Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 + Hearts of Iron 2.Massive Manual, no trifle matter.Morale, production, campaigning, transport, order, fertility, temperature, research, casting, summoning...4x for the fantasy geeks.Favorite game right now.  So solid.  Haven't even started multiplayer yet."
,Recommended,259060,13992583,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sentient_Toaster,"It's graphically primitive -- downright ugly, even.The number of units, attributes, spells, and even the number of nations might be intimidating.The AI isn't exactly good at managing all that complexity, so if you're playing well and don't handicap yourself it won't be a great challenge.The developers are great at adding character and factions -- they love mythologies and it shows -- but sometimes not quite as good at maintaining balance.However, there's a multiplayer scene and if you're not into MP (I'm not), you can treat it as a lovely magic-heavy sandbox with a ridiculous number of toys to play with.  There aren't too many games in which you can raise a Hydra, magically give it the ability to lead troops, and then make him the prophet of your faith; or to take a Hoburg (think Hobbit...), give him a magical item that makes him larger, and then give him boots to (literally) walk all over his enemies.    Or, say, for irony's sake summon an a powerful angel and equip him with weapons and armor gained only with the extensive sacrifice of virgins... if you want to play a drunk, demented (or both) god, this might amuse you.  I find outlandish prophets and strangely geared units funny, and I'd rather drink instead of methodically optimize my research and armies, so this is what I tend to do.If you'd rather play it straight and less goofy, and you want competent opponents, then there's the multiplayer mode -- either via PBEM, or with one player hosting a server.While the game doesn't support Workshop mode, it's quite moddable (sprites and text files) when it comes to adding new units or factions or modifying existing ones.  If you and your friends think that some spells are completely unacceptable, you could mod the game to make them inaccessible.   Too cheap units could be made more expensive.  And so forth.  Heck, if you wanted everybody to start with a single-use unit named ""Nuclear Missile"" that could teleport 10 provinces away and cast a kill-everything-on-battlefield spell but would vaporize after its first battle, you could -- you'd need to define the slay-all spell (presumably called ""Explode"" or ""DEFCON 1""), create a unit with desired stats and a trait that makes it die after a battle, and rig it to autocast the spell when battle starts; and then you'd mod the starting forces for each faction to include the missile unit.  It'd be a rather strange game, but you could.And so forth."
76561197969140016,Recommended,259060,14631865,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Pencilvester,"This game is hardNow, so am I"
76561198000445612,Recommended,259060,8125071,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Revenant,Probably one of the most in depth and confusing games I've ever played. Its not so much as learning curve as a sheer wall with people standing at the top throwing things at you. All that being said its great fun from the start.Definitely worth the pricetag and the time investment if your a fan of grand strategy or just like a challenge. Two thumbs up
76561198067911712,Recommended,259060,30185225,Posted: 25 February,all,Kid Icarus,"looking for a great strategy game? tired of the boring mechanics of the ""one more turn"" games where you mostly just wait for the next thing to happen?  where most factions end up feeling the same in the end?thats how i felt when i picked up dominions and found, to my delight, an endless playground of fantastic mytho-historical epic religious wars.  none of that ""just one more turn"" crap.  dominions doesn't suck you in by making addictive gameplay, it compels you to discover what can happen in the myriad worlds that are created when new games begin.here's some examples:Being able to recruit Elephant units, I decide I might as well rely on them to stomp through a bunch of independent provinces, letting my horde of archers fire safely from behind my Elephant squad that just tramples everything.  Until I brashly attack a swamp province where a few wights weilding Bane Blades confront my Elephants without fear, hacking into them and causing Decay status to quickly start killing my elephants... which saps their morale, which causes Elephant Squad to rout, trampling over my archers and making the whole army retreat in shame...Playing as the Arthurian inspired nation of Man, my god the Tiwaz of War leads a huge army of archers shooting flame arrows, blessed swordsman, summoned creatures, and knights into the capitol of the bird nation Caelum.  I've already destroyed most of their standing army and expect to take their capitol easily.  Too bad I didn't count on their god being a fountain of blood that none of my units could seem to damage... the fountain rained lightning bolts and other magicks down upon my army and routed it, leaving me drained and confused about how to regroup.I'm an underwater Arch Mage with godlike powers riding on a giant lobster.  I hear the distant call of the ancient ones from the nation Rlyeh, the madness that is Lovecraft and Cthulu.  My dominion spreads insanity and death wherever it goes, and hordes of insane cult members flock to join my army.  Tentacled Illithids and Star Spawn are the commanders of this rabble, using their mind power to dominate those with weak will.  Strange alien beasts appear through the star portal to serve, to bring about the dominion of the Dreamlands, madness for all...I'm a fountain.  Not a fountain of blood, but an Oracle, the god of the fairy folk who were driven into hiding when men came to Ireland.  My army is small, but powerful, the Sidhe and Tuatha have the power of Glamour, and appear to be in many places at once.  With my powerful bless, a small group of Sidhe warriors can stand up to a whole army and turn it to rout.Now imagine a game where all of this is true at the same time, ideally with humans driving these nations.  An epic Play by Email experience awaits!"
76561197983633275,Recommended,259060,21450525,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Querkius,"I've always liked strategy games, but not been a hard core player. I've played lots of board games though and in my opinion Dominions is like playing a very good board game. In a true 4X style you Expand, Explore, Exploit and then Exterminate. Playing Dominions solely against the AI is ok for learning the game, but the real fun begins when you start to play against other players IMO.Pros:- Tons of varied nations to play with very different game styles- Cast spells, build armies, forge items, build castles,  plan and execute large scale wars, Dom 4 has it all!- You'll get literally hundred, if not thousands, of hours of varied gameplay- It's turn based, no stress and lots of time to carefully consider your strategyCons:- It is kind of ugly (but it grows on you, after a while you actually start to like the blurry pixels, less is perhaps more?)- The UI is clunky and sometimes unintuitive- It takes a long time to learn and to become good at it you have invest several hours- A lot of micro management and scripting in the late game sessions- You typically want to check stats and strategices online, not necessarily a bad thing, but some info is just esothericly presented in the game when you actually would prefer to get hard stats (Like, if you spend a lot of valuable magic gems on summoning a demon lord, you would want to know if it is worth it or not, but the game doesn't really tell you until you actually have performed the summoning ritual)All in all, when my friend first recommended it, I just glanced at the graphics and sniffed at it. But, over 300 play hours later, it is one of my favourite games ever. And yes, the graphic does grow on you."
76561198118719905,Recommended,259060,27448701,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Calus,This is the only game on steam i found that you could sacrifice female virgins in to make human skin boots.Its araremechanic that you don't find in games these days.I love it
,Recommended,259060,20654033,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"A strategy game with some of the deepest and most interesting lore that I have ever experienced in gaming, Dominions 4 is a game that is both complicated and simple at the same time.  The individual details on the lore of each faction and its units is incredible, while the gameplay itself is significantly less deep.  However, you are a Pretender God, a being of great power with ambitions to ascend to ultimate, monotheistic godhood over his or her rivals.  So there's that for you powermongers out there.When starting your game there are three separate eras that you can play your campaign in.  Each of these eras is packed full of at least a dozen factions that are unique from one another.  Often this means that each era introduces entirely new factions as well as a good number of them that are evolved from the previous ones.  For example, my personal favorite, Ulm, is a faction composed large, human barbarians that worship steel in the Early Ages.  In the Middle Ages, they have evolved into a civilization that has mastered the art of crafting with the legendary resource known as blacksteel.  They now have armies full of black knights clad in this fantastic metal and are the most powerful rank-and-file infantry in the era.  In the Late Ages, however, civil war has destroyed what they once were and the secrets of blacksteel have been lost.  Though their troops are know wearing more standard armor, their aristocracy has become corrupted by vampirism.  This is but one of the many examples of a faction's evolution and some of them even have branching factions such as an empire that becomes three unique kingdoms.The strategy mechanics of Dominions 4 are not particularly remarkable, however, supplemented with the vast lore, they do make for a very enjoyable game.  Each faction has a fairly large number of units to build their armies with that have varying strength, weaknesses, special abilities, and a handful of stats.  As you conquer territories, you will also be able to recruit units not originally from your faction's unit pool.  This can result in some wonderfully unique armies that you conquer the world with.Though the lore in the game is fantastic, I do believe players should be aware before playing the game that after starting your campaign there is nothing much that is added to it.  There are exciting random events and, obviously, your conquest of the world will vary every time, but the story from the time you hit the 'play' button is all headcanon.  Granted, that is often the best canon, especially when shared with others.I recommend this game to strategy gamers, especially, as long as they don't mind the ancient graphics.  If you enjoy well written and unique lore and aren't expecting flashy, cinematic battles to play out before your eyes, Dominions 4 will be an experience that you'll come back to and share with others for a long, long time."
76561198012910116,Recommended,259060,26909413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zymeth,"If you look for very well done, big complexity in turn-based strategy games.. then its very unlikely that u'd regreat buying this game, regardless of its price. I did miss that feeling while playing a game - to play with its depth , explore , develop various and complex tactics.. I wish there would be more games like this.Edit : I got much more hours, playing non-steam. You can easily put hundrets of them and more."
,Recommended,259060,34206916,Posted: 12 August,all,Fnvcot,"This game is not for everyone, but I do reccomend it to anyone who likes turn based games or fantasy games. On another note I recommend it to people who like Dwarf Fortres, dominions 4 has a similar level of complexity and lore elements. Dominions sacrafices graphics and a good interface for loads of content and gameplay. There are dozens of nations, with hundreds of units, hundreds of spells and thousands of strategies to play out. If you want a game with a really steep learning curve, this is for you. There are downsides however.1) the interface is truly terrible.2) there is mod support but its hard to find or install mods3) graphics look like garbage (there are ways to remedy this_4) lack of guides or tutorial videos5) lack of large playerbase for multiplayer gamesIf you can get past the terribad graphics and interface this game is truly amazing"
,Recommended,259060,15536869,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Machine Ator,"Possibly the ultimate fantasy strategy wargame - not a 4x. The AI is weak but good for learning the game, unfortunately the AI is unable to deal with any sophisticated strategy.However, in MP this game shines, as other humans can take advantage of the innumerable tools and clever strategems you can employ. Highly recommended ; if you can get over the poor graphics, there is a really deep game here to sink your teeth into."
,Recommended,259060,15191478,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Quite possibly the best strategy game i've ever played, so much depth in this game, yet, it's not useless depth as it all contributes to the game.All of the spells and what not actually do what they say, pay close attention, sometimes there might be a vague wording on a spell/item, but then there are artifacts/books which correspond to certain things and help there... A good example of this is the spell ""Wish"" which lets you... wish for something, well, it gives you a text box, and you actually wish for anything possible in the game (as long as it's not say, instant victory or something along those lines) you could wish for any unit, any item, money, even armageddon, slaying other gods, whatever your wish it will be granted.This is one of those games where you have to forgive the graphics, because the gameplay is what this is all about, and the gameplay is far better than say civilization 5-be (in my opinion)There's too much in this game for me to explain, though it may be relatively simple on the surface, to win you'll have to understand the deep underlying mechanics of the game and plan every move carefully."
,Recommended,259060,7954793,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Earth Pig,A very challenging fantasy strategy game.ConsClunky UIDated GraphicsProsExcellent fantasy races with backgroundsCut throat AIVery good replabilty
,Recommended,259060,8828872,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PK SPACE JAM,"This is by far the deepest and content packed strategy game I've ever played in my life other than Dwarf Fortress. Single Player leaves much to be desired as the AI isn't that smart. Multiplayer is fantastic and I haven't been able to stop playing the past 2 days. I would assume though for those that are just used to joining a lobby and getting in a quick game, they will have a tougher time with multiplayer, though it really isn't too complicated.The game is also academically interesting as the games choice of lore is both well informed and fascinating. Fans of lovecraft will rejoice at several playable lovecraftian factions. Also the modding community is amazing, with tons of great material coming out for the game every week, also seems like the developers are committed to keeping the game working, fair, and interesting.Would recommend this to anyone who is looking for the deepest most interesting strategy game available on the market other than the ancient game of Go."
,Recommended,259060,31437403,Posted: 29 April,all,Vante,"The Dominions series is clearly a labor of love. There are so many factions drawn from so many historical settings. Nordic history? sure. Native American history? sure. Roman, gothic, celtic, lovecraftian history? yes yes yes. Customizing your faction is interesting. The strategic is 'just one-more-turn' compelling. spell research is very deep. The game has a very indie feel to balance- ie not balanced. For whatever reason that doesn't bother me. The soundtrack is inspiring. The graphics are weak, but there is a vast number of units, each lovingly represented by a few blurry pixels. The battles are automated- which is good and bad. It'd be nice to choose each units actions, but most battles are hundreds of units, it would take forever. Strategically, the AI makes pretty good decisions. Even after playing a lot, it's not always clear why certain battles turn out the way they do. Once your empire gets large, it suffers from classic micromanagement issues. Even with its dated look and flaws, this game is a beautiful, wonderful experience to master."
,Recommended,259060,9116934,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,An elder god cast a spell to see everything in the world at once. For his arrogance I channeled the fire spirits and made his eyes explode in his skull.
76561198049890315,Recommended,259060,31332561,Posted: 23 April,all,SirSpartan,Its a good game.
76561197971426597,Recommended,259060,18115066,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Pullo,"Huge, deep, greatly imaginative, continuously updated. A real masterpiece."
,Recommended,259060,20016765,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crazy Alchemy,It's like a cross between Masters of Magic and the old Europa Universalis games.
76561198027917279,Recommended,259060,20794038,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Altars of Madness,"Dominions 4 is the grand champion of 4x strategy games. It might even be the king of fantasy strategy games.Dominions 4 has incredibly deep mechanics that will, truthfuly, be quite frustrating at times but are also incredibly rewarding. This is a game where you invest alot of time into to fully understand. Every time you play you figure out a new strategy or mechanics you didnt know about. At the time of writing this review I have 274 hours into this game and I'm still learning. You can put a hundred hours into one nation and still not unlock its full potential. If you arn't willing to put time into this game you will only leave frustrated. Luckily there is a very active and incredibly helpful community over atDesura.com.Playing this game you will raise vast armies filled with simple human warriors, incredibly strong giants, magic demi gods, demons, angels, half fish men, dragons and many more creatures. You'll have armies of hundreds of units battling eachother as mages set the battlefield afire and call upon divine lightning to destroy their foes while corrupt priests cast unholy rituals by spilling virgin blood. You'll have a unstoppable army conquering and pillaging your enemies lands but then your opponent summons a powerful hero, hundreds of years old, from ancients crypts in his home city. This hero will fight your unstoppable army. One man, versus hundreds. And he'll win. You'll have a crippled commander who can barely move. Old in his age and speaking in croaks and whispers. but all your men respect him because he is a master tacticitan, he has never been defeated in battle. Guarded by your most trusted men he commands huge armies and crushes enemy forces with ease.The modding is where this game truly shines. Their are hundreds of mods available that change every aspect you could possibly imagine. From mods that balance to mods that are simply for fun, there is dozens of mods for every kind of player. If you're feeling brave you can mod yourself, all you need is a text and image editing program, with a official modding manual available at Illwinter's website. You can create any nation or creature you can think of. Want to play as a nation of cannabilistic, necromatic hobbit warrior society, go ahead, easily done. create as many and whatever spells you want. This game is your playground.The setting isnt simply your standard high fantasy theme but taken from legends and myths from around the world and throughout history. You're not playing a premade fantasy world, you're creating the world. You write your heroes stories, your own nations history. You are creating the world as you play.11/10"
76561198049590591,Recommended,259060,24199402,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rough,"It's incredibly deep, and the actual mechanics/art of troop placement in battles still eludes me.  75 hrs in and I still don't understand 1/2 of what's happening.But.It's a great game, constantly updated, vast...really pretty damn epic.  And it can run on your grandma's kitchen blender."
,Recommended,259060,20435671,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,milspec,"An eternal classic. The one game I have played consistently for years. Playing a 16-person multiplayer battle now that's going to last months, and its exciting every day - and only takes 15 minutes per day. What other game can do that?"
76561198017531416,Recommended,259060,22982352,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lithos1,"Great strategy game. Don't be fooled by the seemingly complex nature of Dominions 4, at its heart it is a turned based strategy game about conquering thy neighbor with a light build aspect to the game. While there are only about five buildings you will choose from to construct, what makes the game so complex and interesting is the myriad of magic research, races, troop types, and crafting items you can make for your heroes. When these are coupled with a wide variety of customizable deities/wannabe gods vying for ascension, different victory conditions (research, a capture the flag like thrones of ascension, domination, etc.) as well as different Ages with different technology and magic, you get a very complex layered game. The ability to set battlefield formations for your troops and command types whereby you can march them into war and watch the battles play out (adjusting accordingly should your plans backfire) makes it even more interesting. It would be nice if the graphics were a bit sharper, but that said, the focus on gameplay is the winning jewel for this game and should be a great examples for devs. out there that are graphics oriented versus gameplay oriented."
76561198026001315,Recommended,259060,26229302,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Crazybaboon,"This is my first review so if it seems a bit messy, I apologize.I've played this game for about 100 hours now and I still don't know what I'm doing. I have played almost all the Civ games, Total war games and a scattering of other 4X games.If you like turn based strategy games set in a fantasy setting, that are hard to learn and harder to master then this is a game for you. :)Start out modest with some small armies and a handfull of spells for your mages, and as you progress you get bigger armies, summoning spells, huge battlefield wide spells and rituals that can affect the whole world.It may not look like much, as my friends keep telling me. But the diversity of ways to play, and the mechanics that support it is worth the modest cost of the game in my opinion :)"
76561198019970739,Recommended,259060,9557799,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,lot105bass,"Fantastic game for the die-hard strategy player.  No frills graphics, but solid and highly varied gameplay.  Each race/age has it's own play style for endless re-playability.  Strong recommend.  Keep it up Illwinter!"
76561198039479430,Recommended,259060,11292844,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,CMDR Toshiro Mifune,"If i could review this with one world it would be: WOW!First of all, Dominions 4 is my first time playing the dominions franchise, so i really don't know about the things i see dedicated platyers complaining about. i will speak my mind for this game from a first contact perspective.The graphics will feel really old to some who did play games back in the day, and they will look completely laughable to new age gamers. i simply adore the work that has been done though. dominions 4 is a militaristic expansion turn based strategy game, reminding me the first shogun or medieval total war. building is simple and there is no diplomacy. simply the storytelling happens as you go. The game has 3 campaigns for 3 different periods of ""history"". early middle and late. now for every one of those periods 'and here's the onion' you get to choose from tens of different of earth-based mythological factions. but imagine every mythology there is. the work that has been done to faction differences -imagine in the early period viking mythological based factions are 4, you have african based, aztec based, ancient greek, roman, celtic, EVEN 'RLYEH or other underwater nations, japanese bakemonos, hollow earth golems, undead hordes, there is no end to the differet cultural and mythological factions in the game- it is simply amazing. you get to choose your god, and start your empire, research A LOT and powerfull spells, create unique magical items to put on your commanders, customize your armies and their behaviour in combat ect ect. no ORC VS HUMAN VS DWARVES here. whenever you're from there is a faction that has elements from your culture.the music is amazing traditional swedish with bagpipes ect. icould go on and on and on, so i will end with this.This is the way total war should have been, this is the strategy that leaves you to guide your nations with absolute freedom. this is the game that some turn-based freaks like me should have been playing 10 years ago when the franchise begun.WHY DO YOU NOT OWN THIS??Edit after latest patches: Game gets updates with bugfixes and new nations as we speak, it never gets old after a year playing it. Still the best strategy game in time and space."
76561197963673581,Recommended,259060,29293117,Posted: 16 January,all,ozyx,"Fun and challenging. Super casual, a fun game to play a few turns a day... requires much planning and hard to master."
76561198011810497,Recommended,259060,15372114,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Evil Knivel,"Yes,yes and yes! If you like strategy games and Cosims and can live with simple grapics.Complex, game design shows deep thinking.Several hundreds of game changing spells, hundreds of units, outwit your opponents on the field, use assasins, unleash devastating spells on their realm.Sent agents, poison the wells,curse them! Necromancy, demons, angles, titans, mighty warmachines might appear and cause havov.Watch your carefully nurtured army to be smashed in minutes by your own panicked elephants.Hooked since months in my online group.^^"
76561198013230087,Recommended,259060,30214933,Posted: 26 February,all,Petrel_Deeep,"I am not going to persuade you into buying this game. I am here to warn you if you are going to be persuaded.Once you are in, you cannot out! It's just like mafia.I don't have much time telling you the detail. I have to summon some flying Wyverns to counter that fxxxxxg Eagle King army."
76561197999199422,Recommended,259060,21507048,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,phog,"Bought it, played it.....now I cant stop. Please help, it's affecting RL."
76561197975744062,Recommended,259060,31927889,Posted: 23 May,all,stuguy909,"I love strategy games.  Europa Universalis, Victoria, Hearts of Iron, GalCiv, and Civilization, just to name a hand full.  This game looks outdated.  It took me a while to learn how to play, I even had to be patient enough to watch let's play videos, and I am glad that I did.  On the surface, this game appears overly complicated and difficult.  However, once you learn the secrets within, the game opens up a lot of possibilities, and your enemies fall beneath your feat, regardless of difficulty.  In this game, you pick a fantasy kingdom and make a pretender God.  You then expand your God's dominion and kill the other pretender Gods so you become the supreme God.  There isn't really an economy, just provinces are rated with certain industry and commerce values.  The more land you own, the more security and stability you provide, the more your dominion grows, the more you prosper, and the larger your armies.  The end goal is pretty much capture the ascension nodes, take as much territory as possible, and kill off any nation you can.  Simple, but effective.  If you can find friends to play with, the game is that much better."
,Recommended,259060,30712971,Posted: 24 March,all,lordarticus,"There are some games you just know you are going to have 1,000 hours in.I never found that game until Dom4.This game is more alive than expected and look before you jump. I owned this game for over a year before I could muster up the courage to brave it and had to attempt 3 times before i could even figure out how to move and which gods to use. The game itself give you no hints, and everything you must learn from the community, reading guides, or trial and error. Its meta is comparable to League of Legends and Magic the Gathering, And multiplayer is where this game shines.Worth way more than 34.99"
,Recommended,259060,33122904,Posted: 2 July,all,Serialies,"Fun god-simulator turn based strategy game.Loads of different races and gods, and lots of bits of lore and reading for items, units and spells.If you're a big fan of mythology and high fantasy, you'll like this game, as pretty much all the gods and monsters (eg Hades, Angels, Demons, Dragons, Fae, Aztec gods, Chinese gods, Hydras) from various real life legends and myths are in this game in some form. Furthermore, with the wish spell, you can bring these into your army and literally have an army of gods/monsters (if you get strong enough to do so)."
,Recommended,259060,33223496,Posted: 4 July,all,Yugi Muto,I can live my dream of being a magic rock that has an army of talking magic apes.
76561197997097245,Recommended,259060,14614003,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Chirps,"Lots of factions, lots of options and lots of depths."
76561197993152747,Recommended,259060,12126862,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,EZMODE,"Dominions 4 probably presents the broadest array of distinct options I've ever seen in a strategy game, on top of a huge pile of mythologically inspired lore. And not just the western mythology stuff you've seen a million times either. You can summon a winged monkey-demon that wants to ""gobble up the sun and plunge the world into an eternal slumber"". He plunges the entire battlefield into darkness whenever he shows up. You can rain sacred flying jaguar demons on your enemies, free titans trapped in tartarus and nurse them back to health, and literally cause a zombie apocalypse. I've got a weakness for this kind of stuff, but the game is large enough you're bound to find a nation that appeals to you.Not to say the game is without problems. The game's breadth makes it almost inaccessible, and as a game goes on, it increases your workload of fiddly micromanagement. Want to find errands for 30 wizards every turn? Dominions is the game for you. The game's mechanics are unnecessarily complex, and incompletely described in the long manual. The AI is almost non-existent, mostly useful for testing out tactics on the most basic level. The game is not especially balanced, and there are some awkward results of the game's committment to mythological versimilitude. (Women, across the board, have 1 less point of strength than men of the same group. Mechanically, this is largely insignificant, but it is still stupid.)These problems are significant, and if you aren't entranced by Dominions 4's unique qualities, I don't recommend it. If you are entranced, this is, as far as I know, the only game of its kind."
76561197963664525,Recommended,259060,19089865,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Terkala,"The interface is not modern. The graphics are not modern. But none of that matters.Tell me one other game where you can say ""I'm playing the God King Magus of Rome, fielding hundreds of individual troops against the vile threat of an army of undead"" Or ""I'm playing as the literal word of god, burned into creation by the creator himself, leading armies of angels against an army of devils"".Not only do both of those situations happen in this game, but everything is still somehow well balanced. Armies can be completely different, but still end up having both interesting battles and strategy behind it all. With a level of attention to detail that no other game even comes close to."
76561198031830056,Recommended,259060,28431947,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Whitescar,Epic low res strategy game. If you're looking for content as opposed to graphics this is the 4x game for you!
,Recommended,259060,20114796,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,James Rockford,"This reminds me, in many ways, of the board games I used to play when I was a child.The artwork and map seem to give off this impression, at least to me.I purchased this because another reviewer compared it, favourably, to Crusader Kings.  This is a misleading comparison, as it is nothing really like Crusader Kings.  That said, I have found it to be enjoyably challenging.On initial glance, this looks like a very basic 4x strategy game.  Very basic.  But under the hood, there seems to be a  lot of detail.The tutorial is severely lacking and it references a manual, which is not available on steam.  Because of this, it took several restarts to figure out the mechanics, but it was worth the effort.   TThe interface can be a bit clunky and non-intuitive; however, it is easy to look past this once you become immersed in what is going on.  There's a good bit of depth here and from what I've played, I have enjoyed it very much."
,Recommended,259060,20242640,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JoranAtPlay,"Differences compare to Dominions 3:- No more (Astral) clam economy- No more tax system- Disciples- Better UI polish- Formations- Piercing, slashing, blut damage systems- Ritual range restrictions- Thrones of Ascension- Weather effect on rivers and mountain passes- Global random events- Castle improvements- PD changes- Fire and Flee order replaced by Fire and Keep Distance"
76561198008020678,Recommended,259060,25474436,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Maceman121,"Overall, this game is a lot of fun.  I have only really played it as single player, but I find that it offers a heck of a lot of replay and depth to it.  Don't let the old style of graphics turn you from this game, it is incredible.  While the AI is far from perfect, it is still solid and the depth of strategy is beyond basic explanation.  Take combat, for example.You build up an army, you can tell the men what squad they are in, and where that squad will start.  From there, you can give a SINGLE basic order to the squad and that is it.  The order can be Fire (target type, which does NOT include leaders), Hold and Attack (wait two turns then attack target type), and similar.  But that is it, the rest is out of your hand.  Your leader you have slightly more control over, able to give orders for the first five turns through script like commands set up with the armuy (such as cast a certain spell, hold or cast, etc.).  And since it is required to be done before you go into combat, once combat starts, you can only watch it play out, no Total War controls here.There is NO diplomacy in single player, that is a big downside for me.  The computer though does seem to recognize when you are at war with them, which is nice.  You attack their lands and they will fight and attack you, otherwise they seem to leave you alone (until you are their next target).  Kill their pretender and they won't stop attacking until they are destroyed.  No trading, no NAPs, nothing of that nature, but still, it is a remake of an old game.Replayability is incredibly high.  There are three ages (High Magic, High Human, and inbetween) each with their own races avaliable.  Each race, unlike some games that are simple reskins, are very different in play.  Some are high magic focused, even for the high magic age, while others rely on mythical creatures or humans blessed by their god.  No matter how you look at it though, each race fights their own way, takes their own different tactics, and offers plenty of replayability because of it.  Even the same race over the different ages play differently, and some races simply don't exist in certain ages, just to show the type of race they are.Overall, its an incredibly addicting game, active community, and lots of fun.  Go for it, especially when on sale."
76561198075437124,Recommended,259060,24482605,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,giantdad,"Dom 4 is an extremely deep fantasy 4X that captures the grandeur of magic, godhood, and empire management. What the game is in a nutshell:-You are a god; you must vanquish other gods and conquer their dominion, while maintaining control of your own-The game's lore is mixed with history and fantastical mythos. There are no elves or dwarves. There are byzantines with hydras (hydra cataphracts), undead roman legionaries, demonic samurai, and conventional vikings, greeks, English knights, HRE-style armies, aztecs and more.-There is a massive roster of magical units and monsters you can add to your army. The game is a good depiction of how mortals would fare in battle against giant cyclops, phoenixes, dragons, and more. Every mythical beast under the sun is in one form or another in this game.-Magic is devastating; swaths of fire can swallow entire platoons of mortal soldiers. However, the backbone of your armies will still be conventional forces until the late-game.-You don't control armies in battle; you set pre-battle orders and the battle is automatically resolved (though you can watch it play out to analyze why you won or lost).-AI is actually rather competent and ferocious in war. For some reason, while there is utterly no alliance system, certain AI choose not to attack you while you're fighting in your own war. Perhaps they were busy fighting someone else; but my point is that it feels smarter than the AI in CIV. But forget about trade or diplomacy - there is only war in Dominions 4.-You truly understand what war of attrition means in this game. It is a GRIND to defeat another nation; you will lose many, many soldiers and officers and provinces will change hands often. Strategic placement is vital; you have to leave strong garrisons at certain strongpoints. Sieges are lengthy. By the time your large army smashes through the remaining enemy defenses, you will find that your men are 8 years older, many losing limbs and walking on a limp, and slowly dying from disease.-Every single unit has permanent stats: if they lose an arm in battle, they will fight one-handed for the rest of their life. You can equip officers with magical equipment. Also, if one of your generals gets horror-marked, his fate is sealed. Demons from another dimension (the strangest looking demons I've seen in any fantasy game) would periodically attack, and one of these things are strong enough to destroy entire nations. Very rare, but dom4 has bizarre events like these.The only problems I have with the game are that the logistics are quite clunky. You can't route your army to a far away location; the maximum routing distance is an adjacent province. Battle orders are also very finicky. Graphics of course are not the game's strong suit, but that's a part of the package.Recommended for meticulous and patient 4X gamers who want to feel the immersion of empire building and strategic war of attrition."
76561198022387235,Recommended,259060,29129766,Posted: 8 January,all,Oneyr,"I'll start with the cons.- Bad graphisms. Actually, the sprites are really nice, but since there's no animation at all, I have to admit that the game is not a delice to the eyes.- Lots of text, and it's all in english. The first half of this con is actually not really a con since you can play the game perfectly well without reading most of it. Also, it could even be considered as a pro, since this text is often very poetic and inspiring - it's all about myths, cultures, and metaphysics. The second half of this con, obviously, is only a con if you're bad at english, which you're probably not if you're reading this.- Very very complex game. Actually not a con, since it also means that there's a lot to learn and do before feeling like you know this game very well. However, be aware of the fact that you'll be pretty much lost about most of the game for a long time. You'll still be able to have a lot of fun with it.- No music. There's one on the game menu, and it's nice, but since it's the only music in the game, you'll disable it very quickly.And that's all. Yup, that's not much. I guarantee you one thing: if you don't mind too much these points and like turn-based strategy games and mythology, you'll definitely love this.This game is a real treasure. A true independant game, made by two people alone, and yet extremely deep and interesting. I have more than 100 hours in the game at this time, and I still consider myself a beginner. There are something like 50 playable nations. Most of them have real gameplay differences (they're not copies with slight quirks like in Age of Empires for example), some of them even bending the rules of the game. All of them are very inspired and original.You can play a lovecraftian nation, the roman empire, the UNDEAD roman empire, byzantium, the tuatha de danann of celtic mythology, the knights of the round table, giants of jewish and mesopotamian mythology, weird and creepy beings that live under the earth with psionic olms, a greek philosopher's kingdom, a greek philosopher's kingdom-that's-undead-and-doesn't-know-it, vampires, inquisitors, egyptian lizardmen, mermaids, at least three different kinds of vikings and their giants, zoroastrian angels, japanese demons, wise sentient monkeys, etc, etc, etc. And in each case, you customize your god (you) with an incredible number of possibilities.The amount of content in this game is tremendous. Also, it is being updated very frequently and sometimes even receives new nations. All of this for free. Yup, no DLC at all. And it's heavily modable. And once you've tried everything in solo, you still have a whole new layer of strategy to discover with multiplayer games.As /vg/ says, ""it's an autist’s wet dream of a war game"". Take it as a huge compliment."
76561198162064927,Recommended,259060,20741534,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Domz or die,I still don't know what in the ♥♥♥♥ i'm supposed to do but i love itrate : 1hunna
76561198042324242,Recommended,259060,30399929,Posted: 8 March,all,Cloudious,"Having played this game for a good bit I can definitely say it is a great way to take a break and murder hundreds of soldiers or gods. There is such a diversity in units, ages, and factions that you probably will never play them all with their own games. Now onto the reviewPros:-replayability-plenty of choices-something for every gamestyleCons:-Subpar graphics-Random events can be way too predictable-Ai can be easy to steamroll and do not play their faction strengths alwaysEasy 8/10 game, the -2 for graphics and audio not being all that."
76561198119437964,Recommended,259060,22866791,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Captain Paradox,"Dominions 4: Thrones of AscensionIt's not you're average stratagy fantasy game, no. Most of the civilizations for example, are based on historical civilizations but are changed to suit a more mythological theme. Meaning, you wont be fighting elves, orcs and dwarfs, but rather giants and lizard men. And the use of priests and religious figures is also an almost prominent factor of the games main objective.Story:The god of all has vanished and in the abscence of this supreme being, many 'pretender gods' have risen to take the throne above all. These pretender gods will raise armies, and fight eachother in brutal combat to ensure claiming the throne for themselves. You play as one of these pretender gods. You must claim the thrones of ascension to accomplish the goal of winning the game, however, you can also just dominate the land with your mighty armies.How it plays:This game plays very much like a board game. You can see the map on a birds eye scale of the world and you can move different units to different settlements in a turn based manner where they can perform different tasks. Such as, spreading your dominion (being your influential power over different areas), killing off rebel forces in nearby areas or build temples, forts and castles for extra deffensive capabilities. This game can be delightfully tactical.Units:There are many different units in the game. Each civilisation often has their own unique ones. But your pretender god is the most powerful a lot of the time. You can take your pretender god into battle, and it can increase the fear of your enemies more than anything which makes them more likely to flee the battle. Which is what happens a lot of the time, usually not all enemies get killed, they eventually run away. But the pretender god can be good for ensuring success in risky battles. There are then more weaker tier units you can simply use as cannon fodder, because of how cheap they are, resource wise. And then there are more powerful infantry and calvalry and as well as more powerful archer units that can be made for more resources. Different settlements may also allow you to recruit different units you can't recruit anywhere else. You can also make scouts and priests. Priests can spread dominion and scouts can swiftly move through enemy territory with ease.Customization:As far as customization goes, you get to choose what kind of pretender god you would like. Different civilizations have different kinds of pretender gods available, and a lot look different in their own unique ways. Also all will have different stats and abilities, but those can not be customized. You simply choose a god, give your god a name and then you get to choose the game options which there are many, as well as many different maps to play on, making the game very replayable for most I imagine. Also game options include victory conditions, difficulty and number of AI, etc...Graphics:This is not a game made for good or even half decent graphic design. The graphics are not that great, but that shouldn't be a problem for any gamer with a reasonably decent imagination. You play the game and as you play you can see everything that's going on inside your head and that's pretty easy to get into, and fun. If you do not have a good enough imagination the game will probably feel empty or hollow.Learning curve:There is a big enough learning curve at first, but things start to click into place eventually and when they do, you'll be flying through this game. There is a tutorial in this game, but for me it was quite a poor one.On a sad note:Diplomacy system is almost non-existent. To declare war means to attack someone. And the AI can declare war on you without even havind to attack you straight away. No sort of trade involved either, (But that seems okay.) or any kind of peace treaty can be made from what I have seen so far. Once war is declared, it goes on till one kingdom falls to the hands of the other. I wish diplomacy played a bigger role in this game it would make things a little more interesting, but then again, there can only be one winner.Verdict:Tons of fun to play, if you have a good imagination and don't mind bad graphics.Steep enough learning curve, with poor tutorial.Can be very tactical, with vast amounts of units and civilizations and different abilities for each one.It immerses you in the story and goal to ascend to the throne above all gods.No good diplomacy system.More could have been added on to the soundtrack I guess, but that's my opinion. Many might disagree there.Loads of stats and information is given throughout the game on all main units and battles are done accuratly.Good AI from what I have seen.All in all, it's a good game.It's worth your time,and can have some very epic and memorable moments.8/10I throughly enjoy this game. But I wish there was more to diplomacy.My imagination has done fair work on this game, but extra graphicdesign in certain parts wouldn't hurt at all.And having a bad tutorial mode can be a real pain. But,a lot of the positives really make up for it.Hope this review helped!"
76561197969335740,Recommended,259060,23003465,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,BlueInstinct,"One of the most epic games of the last decade for sure.Pros:-Huge ammount of races, units, spells an items-Easy to learn, watch 1 or 2 episodes of lets play and your set-hard to master, thers are sooo many combos, tricks and strats, its mindblowing-good AI, one of the best and most pleasing single player experience ive had in 4x gaming-Fun MPcons:-retro graphics1 year later:after 1 year of dominions4 ""play by email - MP"" i can only say:GO FOR IT!!!Once you managed to kill hard AI, just try it out, you learn as you go since you have lots of time in between turns and a super friendly comunity to help out.and its sooo fun9/10 in my book"
,Recommended,259060,21626506,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Skeleton Lenin,"First multiplayer game I ever played: Lost because I got ganged upon by my two neighbours and I had no idea what I was doing with my stupid hippie nation.Second multiplayer game I ever played: A crushing victory that mostly succeeded because my enemies failed to notice I was about to TAKE OVER THE WORLD. Crazed necromancer amazons thank all the people who failed to notice that they were sending hundreds of people to claim the Thrones of Ascension.Dominions 4 is a fun, unforgiving strategy game about becoming a god, which you mostly do by crushing all the other factions who have some dude, dudette or monstrous creature trying to become a god. There are dozens of nations, dozens of different Pretenders (the dude/dudette/monster trying to become a god), and who knows how many different units, spells and magic items. Through diplomacy, war, spellcraft and plain old trickery, you must guide your nation to victory. Also, the game is balls hard, clunky, filled with archaic knowledge about how units, spells and such work that you just have to know if you want to have any hope of winning, and sometimes you just get randomly screwed by the AI deciding to do something stupid in a battle, your wizards deciding that the best way to react to a random bugger attacking them is by summoning angels of death that immediately kill the wizard, or you open a random coffin and there's a horrible murder mummy in there... but it's fun."
76561198020728468,Recommended,259060,19726911,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Gerard,"One of the deepest strategy games in recent years and possibly of all time, the sheer amount of options and content are unheard of. In a time where every game rehashes the same 7 character classes with the same 19 perks distributed just a little differently this time around to spice things up, this game offers a daunting amount of choices both before and after character creation.Wether you're using an SC, blessed or rainbow pretender, wether you're using magical, regional or capital troops, wether you're competing in multiplayer or just enjoying singleplayer, every game will be different from the last one."
,Recommended,259060,23597857,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,EchoDox,"It should be said early that this game is not for everyone, but if you like this type of genre, then Dominions 4 is definitely worth it in my book.The mechanics are mostly about overall strategic movements around the world map, and army compositions, and axcept for a pre-battle plan, there is no way to control your units in combat.To start, you design your god, who will then command your chosen nation in the fight for the thrones of succesion, and ultimately the title of Pentakrator, the sole remaining and most powerful god in the world.The goal is to expand your ""empire"", which means conquering land and spreading your dominion, and claiming the victory points around the map to crown yourself victor. Dominion is basically your chosen gods influence, and will give provinces modifiers based on how you designed your god.Conquering land is vital for securing enough resources and gold to build an ever bigger army. Enemies will usually not be far away, and on multiple fronts. Smart decision making will often decide the outcome of your games.As you gain land, send skilled mages into them to search for magic sites. Magical sites will provide gems, which are mostly used for spellcasting (combat) and rituals (world map spells). Having a high gem income can a lot of times be the edge needed to subdue enemy nations.Personally, i prefer less micro intensive strategy games, which is why i like this game so much. The god aspect is very well thought through, and there is tons of variety in gods and magic, which is the ultimate charm of the game."
,Recommended,259060,29744411,Posted: 6 February,all,Nasa,"Would pay this for the soundtrack alone, the amazing game bursting with content is a nice bonus.if you learn it and singleplayer seems lackluster find some mates and convince them to buy and learn it and you will see multiplayer is where this game truly shines"
76561198082613126,Recommended,259060,17333939,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Percy Jackson,"Dominions is a massive, complex, turn-based game light on the graphics, and heavy on the rules (300 page manual - and yes, it is necessary to read).For strategy fans, it is a delight.This being the fourth iteration, and having been in development for so long, things are quite smooth - having fallen into a pattern. The developer does support the game with bug fixes, and minor additions."
76561198034947080,Recommended,259060,17784088,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Joque DeLong,"Do not let the graphics fool you, this game far surpases the addictive nature of CIV with a deceptivly simple structure that has immese depth. The AI is an actual challange when compared to pretty much any other game, and beating a tenacious upstart pretender god has never felt so good.And the multiplayer.. epic is the only word I really have."
76561198006594931,Recommended,259060,13628065,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Eldanesh,"This is THE 4x series. It epitomizes everything good about the genre, including unapologetic complexity."
,Recommended,259060,13083769,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tarrasque's Husbando,"This was my first introduction to Dominions, and my god, it was a good introduction. I've seen some people say that this isn't much different from dominions 3, but I haven't played dominions 3 so this was a great opening to the series for me.I love this game, learning curve, graphics, and other details may turn people away, but this is a great game if you get past those small details.11/10, girlfriend broke up with me because I ignored her to play this game more. (Hotseat is really fun too, I enjoyed quite some time with my brother on this.)"
76561198027253582,Recommended,259060,11827595,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,doncorazon,"This is hands down the best computer game of all time and I've been playing since Might and Magic I on a 286.  It's a bit of a steep curve to get up at first.  I started with the Dominions II demo and couldn't quite take the plunge until Dominions 3 came out, so started playing in 2007.  The game captures the feel of the Malazan book of the fallen - multiltudes of mighty and ancient powers jockeying to ascend to power.  The complexity and variety of spells, units, treasures, magical sites, tactics, are staggering.  A game where scouts matter, assassins matter, powerful wizards matter....It's most fun played multiplayer where you can match wits with wily players from all over the world and brings in real diplomacy on top of all the wonderful tactical and strategic mechanics.  If you are just learning, I envy you.  It's a fun journey.Last thing I'll say - is the game has soul which not many games seem to have these days."
,Recommended,259060,10257314,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Benblu of Yog-Smuggoth,This♥♥♥♥♥♥gave me the weirdest boner for undead roman empires.50/10 you'll buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.
76561198153594493,Recommended,259060,24508558,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CrabNicholson,This is probably one of the best strategy games of all time. It takes a long time to master though.
,Recommended,259060,27546256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KarmicCanine,This game has a high bar to get into but when you learn how to play it can thake the place of civ. The devs keep up with new content offen.
,Recommended,259060,28032663,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pirate34,I spent my first 10 hours of the game crying about losing all my giants to Vanheim and Ulm berserkers then I worked out WHY I was losing my giants to them.Then I spent the next 5 hours crying about magic being too complex10/10 game would cry again.
,Recommended,259060,14840573,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,All,"One of the best strategy games I've played so far. Sure, the game interface is kinda old-school and could be a bit more intuitive. The graphics may also seem a bit odd ad first. But this has the upside that this game can even be played on very old computers, so I wouldn't even consider this a bad thing (also I just like the graphics style tbh). The content of the game is just huge, there are hundreds of units, spells and ways to play the game and win. The learning curve is therefore a bit slow and you will need a good while until you can play really effectively, but even while you have to learn, the game is much fun. There's also tons of lore behind all the different nations you can play, which people with imagination might enjoy as well. And the best thing is that this game is still regularly being updated, with new units, nations and gods to play as. Absolute recommendation for all who like to invest tons of hours into their favorite strategy game.(Also it has Linux support, which is great.)"
76561197973245321,Recommended,259060,21671303,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Crescendolor,"One of my favorite strategy games of all time. Due to time constraints I am unable to provide a worthy review of this game, but trust me--it's great.There's a short learning curve that can be remedied by watching some Let's Plays (""Tokshen"" is pretty good at explaining the game and is actually the Let's Play-er who got me into it). Once you understand the basics, Dominions 4 is actually a very friendly strategy game with not nearly as much micromanagement as you'd initially think.Can't recommend this game enough if you're a strategy game fan.Edit: it's over a year since I wrote this review, and yet I'm still coming back to this game. I don't have hundreds of hours logged, but I'm not a big gamer these days, and any game that consistantly has me coming back for loads of enjoyment is solid in my book.I have only ever played single player and have gotten close but never quite beaten a match. I think this time with the T'ien Chi I will win on a small map and see what happens. Wish me luck. This game is complex enough for a lot of fun and strategy, but not too difficult to melt my weak game-brain. On top of that, the devs are still giving this game consistent updates. Awesome!"
76561198007444123,Recommended,259060,31543786,Posted: 4 May,all,Pikatchu,"Great game! Awfully complected for me when I started, and I needed to watch hours of Let's play videos and read the hole manual (very interesting!) to finally get it (not entirely...).Read others review for a detailed explanation why this game is excellent. I would just recommend this game for those who are ready to put a lot of their time to understand how the game works.PS : one thing that I love is actually how rich this game is (number of races etc), lore is limited only by your mind, and the fact that this game could run on a calculator :)"
76561198040464513,Recommended,259060,34297586,Posted: 16 August,all,sgtjojoe,"Okay... so this game has QUITE the learning curve- but I adore it.  One of my favorite games of all times.  Each Pretender God you choose, every map, every age, and each nation is completely different.  Choosing with magic stats to have will change what spells you will get access to in the game as well.  There is a TON of replayability here.  I suggest you watch some videos on YouTube on how to get started - I've played the game quite a bit but if I haven't played in a while, I find I need a refresher.  Don't let the graphics fool you, this game is super deep and will keep you coming back time and time again."
76561198088374093,Recommended,259060,27025219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lsr,"""One more turn!""ps. Why no workshop?"
,Recommended,259060,31650902,Posted: 9 May,all,Inhibit,In a nutshell: Dominions is hands-down my favorite RTS wargame to play.Dominions 4 is another installment in the Dominions series of wargames. These are the most faithful representation of and expansion on tabletop wargaming that I've ever played.Dominions 4  expands on what's possible and manages quite a bit of (stat tracking) tedium for you with the computer making for a much more enjoyable experience (for me) than a tabletop littered with miniatures. And game play that would be impossible to do with a manual set of mechanics is implemented flawlessly.
76561197988566726,Recommended,259060,33908506,Posted: 30 July,all,Grim Jester,"This game is like a stand offish girl, who dresses like an old lady, but is really the girl of your dreams. Once you get to know her, you'll put her above the rest.I've owned this game for a year because a friend suggested that I get it. I got it. Loaded it, didn't want to struggle to learn the interface, and uninstalled it because, like many people here, I have 10-15 unplayed sale games waiting for my attention. My friend said that he would teach me. Okay, we loaded it again, and struggled with sending each other turns through the mail. That eventually failed. Uninstalled.A year later, we tried it again. My friend just left his computer on, and we play turns whenever. Ah, the interface isn't intuitive, but you can figure it out in an hour, or two.Now, I see why people rave about this game. Read the other reviews that tell these grand stories. Read the other reviews that talk about how much content there is to understand, and interact with. Read the reviews about the horrible interface, simple graphics, and lack of PBEM. Pretty much all the reviews, good, and bad, are true. Let them guide you, and BELIEVE what you choose to. You'll be right, of course."
76561198008353842,Recommended,259060,34628401,Posted: 31 August,all,aldo127,"Beautiful game with challenging difficulty! A mix with a turn-based strategy game and rpg elements, mixed togheter in a very intresting way. A must have!!!"
76561198038144472,Recommended,259060,30512535,Posted: 14 March,all,Варпманъ,"Definitely a fine addition to my library.The graphic is symbolic, but the gameplay trumps it all.The thing that greatly adds to the experience is a lack of combat micro; you are a God, not a clicker!The battles sure look like battles and that's great."
,Recommended,259060,7975381,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Edlichbury,"I've been playing the series since 2, and 4 has simply streamlined the process. The Automatic research, more diverse sites and the Throne system, and a lot of very unique and thematically fascinating modding commands, this builds on the strengths of the previous games. Graphically, the game leaves much to be desired, but in mechanics and diversity of gameplay there is almost no match. Ther is almost nothing in Steam that offers as much modding support, including a full guide on modding and more options for mods than most players would ever use. Even the base game offers up a very wide array of nations, drawing from almost all mythology. It's one of the rare games where fantasy China, fantasy Scandinavia, fantasy Egypt, fantasy Maya, and fantasy Celts can all fight and all feel like their own unique nation, with assorted strengths, weaknesses, and an incredibly detailed lore.Stepwise from 3, the game is not a huge change, but there's a lot more than modding can do and a great deal of changes that offer new avenues for balance. If you liked 3, you'd like 4 but might want to wait for a sale to make the jump."
76561198210330129,Recommended,259060,29651810,Posted: 2 February,all,Bombabiel,This game is f#cking amazing
,Recommended,259060,24747241,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zozó Prolé,Best rpg per turn blended with 1000 possibilities to develop tales as a writer
,Recommended,259060,13591166,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Decoy Crabtipus,"This reminds me a lot if Master of Magic was a really complicated board game. This will run on almost any machine and the play by email multiplayer works really well for people with spotty internet connections.You start every game by picking a nation that decides the type of mages and troops you can recruit, and then you choose and customize a god to lead your nation. I beleve there are over a hundred gods to choose from, including (but not limited to) Greek, Norse, Celtic, German, Sumerian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian and even Cthulhu-esque. There's everything from an erstaz Athena to a disembodied head with crab claws coming out of its forhead.While the myriad of rules can seem intimidating, most people should be able to jump in and play against the computer without too much difficulty. Once you get a feel for the rules there are a few communities that regularly run blitz matches so you aren't stuck committing months of your time to a long PBEM."
76561198136441601,Recommended,259060,31549788,Posted: 4 May,all,lgallain,I love this game too much. Please send help.
,Recommended,259060,10414378,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DreadlordKai,"Game is absolutely amazing, extreme levels of complicated depth to play with and over 50 factions each vastly unique with 3 different Era's to play in. 10/10"
,Recommended,259060,27959253,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fenrif,"The pinnacle of ""one more turn"" games.Design a god. Build a fantasy empire. Conquer the world.You're able to play a race of hardy mountain dwarves, Able to create sturdy arms and armour, using powerfull fighters, worshiping a magic rock. Or perhaps try an army of undead monsters using rituals of death to enslave the living, lead by an undead wizard."
,Recommended,259060,27966127,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Villehardouin,"If you don't give a damn about graphics and love a steep learning curve, terribly complex mechanics and appreciate the true spirit of 4X strategy games, this is for you. Probably got over 400 hours logged. Ermor gtfo"
76561197977615752,Recommended,259060,27379559,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jhentaiboy,"A game where you can read an 80 page manual and not even begin to understand it.  Fiddly controls that dont match modern sensablilities (can play the whole game with just keyboard shortcuts).  Graphics that look like the sega genesis.  Hardly any tooltips and must refer to the manual/github for myriad of details.  As the game progresses micromanagement increases.  Multiplayer is mainly played by PBEM or direct tcp/ip.  Ai has improved but still not that great.You partake in a bloody contest between gods to be the only left standing.  Thousands of very distinct untis, hundreds of spells, and (i believe) more than 30 factions to play.  Deep gameworld based on varied myths (what if the blood sacrificing mayans faced off the sarmatian amazonian warriors).  Varied armies of hundreds of units clashing while summoning demons, skeletons, lightning bolts, and spooky ghosts.  Wereturkey wizards trying to fry each others minds.  Gelatinous cubes trying to eat stone contructs.  This game and its wonky possibilities always retruns to my mind.  If the preiviously described weirdness sounds intresting, you may like this game."
,Recommended,259060,28396265,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Terrabull,"This is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. I've been playing the series since Dominions 2, and it just keeps getting better. It's got quite a learning curve, but is extremely satisfying once you've mastered the basics."
76561198020962200,Recommended,259060,20199060,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"Warning, this is not for the casual gamer.Dominions 4 is a very deep strategy game in which you, as a god, must assert your dominance by conquering the world and defeating any rival gods who get in your way.Having such depth does mean that you're not going to master the game overnight, but the game does come with a detailed manual and if you do persist, you will be rewarded with a fun and challenging game that allows for a huge amount of customisation.  Just don't expect any fancy graphics or cinematics."
76561197977126235,Recommended,259060,11568082,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Grammu,After a couple hundred hours of Dominions 3 I'm just ramping up on Dominions 4. Fantastic update to one of the best games of all time. Probably the best fantasy 4x war game I've ever played and the updates/tweaks are still coming.Plus it's actually on Steam for a very reasonable price!
,Recommended,259060,19945121,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Kissinger of Video Games,You can literally have a crone quad wield crossbows that shot huge volleys of arrows while summoning demons via sacrificing virgins.
,Recommended,259060,19916489,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bathsaltzar,"What I have enjoyed in this series is the great amount of detail expressed by its creators. I remember first playing a demo of Dominions several years ago and being completely overwhelmed by its mechanics. After overcoming this barrier you rewarded by a unique fantasy world. Truly, this strategy game leaves nothing to be desired -- a must have!"
76561198044766107,Recommended,259060,21156071,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Vanadiss,The greatest amount of autism I've ever had.
,Recommended,259060,24132320,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Boss,A truly great game.
,Recommended,259060,10905458,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DwarfComic,"Amazing game!!! So many different combinations between, your pretender God, your nation, your units, your magic, your items! 1000s of ways to develop your own strategy. Very deep game, be prepared to spend A LOT OF TIME!"
76561198101181338,Recommended,259060,16163167,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,doomwarriorx,"I would recommend this game to every one loving deep strategy game. But keep in mind on the first attemps the game is hard even against the ""easy"" AI. If you don't mind to do your ""homework"" you are rewarded with endless nations, units and tactical possibilities. Every nation has its own units with custom strengh and weaknesses.The game is basicly a board game like Risiko Deluxe in a fantasy setting (magic, devils, vampires... you name it). But the game mechanics are more complex. It also assemble some similarites to games like Heroes of Might and Magic (weapons, heros, castle, battle spells and 'normal' soldiers). You play as a god and have to get rid of your enemy deities.I wouldn't the game to somebody who want fast gameplay, a decent graphic or a deep story. This is a hardcore strategic game, the graphic could be described as functional. All units are 2D spirits and only seen in a 3d envoirment on the battlefield. All other screens are drawn 2D only (hence board game fealing).I put alot of hours into the game (and the older Dom 2) and still not mastering it. (and even not seen every unit available!). If you still interested the game is perfect for you!"
,Recommended,259060,14740988,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,krazyRAGE,magic overflow 11/10
,Recommended,259060,11992169,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Franknfurter,"A wonderful game. Epic (Battles with a thousand units vs a God. One Survivor), deep, intelligent and growing (new races are still being released in every age). If you're browsing then know it is well worth the price even full price. I've played it twice as long as Skyrim... longer than most of my games library added together. And each game I've played has been different:I lead a race of aquatic mind-lords, deep in the ocean. My pretender to the throne of godhood a great Polypal Queen, giving birth to a host of magical beings that swarm the enemy with their writhing tentacles. My massive ancient mind-lords enslave the enemy with a look, curse entire armies and form communions to enhance their power to incredible levels - enslaving entire battlefields and shredding the souls of the enemy.I've led a race of winged humanoids that live high in the mountains crafting weapons and armour from magical ice. Summoning back splendid beings from the astral spheres, 'adorable ones' beautiful to behold, too awesome for living men to dare strike.I've seen the temptation of power topple empires. Mages suffering the ravages of old age turn to healers and eventually to death magic to be reborn as wight mages, drawing on the power of conquered lizard shaman to blot out the sun and cover the battlefield with a never ending horde of undead warriors. Then in a latter age casting spells that change the entire globe, covering the lands in darkness and advancing the slow decay of time till all is withered and dead.I've felt the fear of a horror-mark. A towering giant of a God, multi-armed and terrifying touched by the unspeakable powers. The last act of a doomed race to mark it, a slow, pyrrhic victory. My God, with power beyond reckoning destined to be stalked forever by the creatures that lurk beyond the veil. Each touch from the terrifying apparitions further marking the Great God for the attention of the astral beings until at last... a doom horror, Each name more frightening than the last. The Eater of Gods arrives to feast. My God is no more...A brilliant game. I could say more, it's worthy of praise. More than a little tough to get into (you'll make lots of mistakes and you need to practice in SP before trying your hand at MP), dated graphically (2D spites, only one artist working on the game) and a little micromanagement heavy (Ok very micromanagement heavy. You can script every mage, every squad, equip every commander and forge every magical item... lots to consider, lots to weigh up and lots of stats if you're into that). But, if none of that puts you off and the thought of summoning hordes of undead, demons, shrimp or cross-bred monstrosities appeals:Buy it.Or stick it on your wish-list and get it when you can afford it.Play a few games.Get your friends to all play on a big map with diplomacy, backstabbing and roleplaying. Keep an eye on the little guy, he's probably planning a surgical strike with teleporting golems, gathering blood-slaves to taint the magic of the world to cause all magic but blood to bring the attention of the horrors. Or he may just have had lots of misfortune and be fighting against barbarians, vampires, roaming bands of heroes, blights and plagues and extreme weather. (Could be luck... or it could be that somone doesn't like him very much).I hope you get it, I'm glad I did."
76561198064410540,Recommended,259060,10248018,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pink Horror,"Dominions is my favorite series of strategy games. I admit, it's a difficult game to get into. I still haven't really played this one much - I've spent much more time in Dominions 2 and 3 before there were any Dominions games on Steam.In Dominions, I really feel like a leader, not just grinding through turns but planning things out. It's a simultaneous turn-based game, you everyone essentially draws up where their armies will go and gives each army tactics for how to fight.Dominions 4 appears to be an improvement over Dominions 3 - the thrones feel like a good addition and there's a little less micro-management with the tax changes.Overall, I've been stuck playing more casual games recently, but if you have the time to take on a serious strategy game, this is the game to play. I've seen enough to be sure of that."
76561197978980746,Recommended,259060,10184445,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Deathbringer,"Extremably complex strategy game, somehow similar to age of wonders, with heroes and their items, armies, magic colors, turn based, lots of spells. It does not adds the orc / elven / etc races present in most games, but i'm sure you will not miss them. Focused on a mana / income / research economic rush, you can defeat your opponents by conquering them all, or achieving objectives like dominating a certain number of thrones of ascention, researching enough RPs, dominationg enough provinces, etc. Includes lots of game tools, specially a functional random map generator.Recommended!"
,Recommended,259060,9770476,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mr.T,"Perhaps the number of hours I’ve been playing deceives you? Hmm? Well, let me put it bluntly. This game is pretty awesome. It is a strategy game at its core. And in the purest sense, a classical war game involving fantastical creatures and beasts. I refer to it as a war game due to the nature of game play. It is hard-core and classical in that, there is no diplomacy. Pure tactics and strategy is needed to succeed. You make your own diplomacy and essentially create your own story.A word of warning, this game is far better when played online or with other people. Don't get me wrong. There is a single player aspect but in my personal opinion. The single player aspect against the AI is probably best used as a way of testing your builds, possible tactics and army composition. Yes, there is a very in depth combat system in the game, very much akin to Total war. For better or for worse, you have no control over these clashes (represented by crude graphics combating it out, looks pretty appealing in my opinion), and instead you can script what your troops would do. This makes for a more intense session and allows you to experiment possible tactics. By making battles less hands on (like total war), it enables you to feel more like a proper general :) Each unit has a hand drawn sprite and there are over a dozen nations to pick from (from a selection of three ages). Then there is the pretender creation. That is the best part of the game. To create a pretender ‘god’ that represents you. The number of possibilities that come to creating a god is endless.  You can make a combat oriented super god, or perhaps a more spell oriented support god. Maybe even an immobile stone god that confers perks to your troops. The choice is yours!I admire the game. Not just because it is a pure grounded classical war game involving fantasy creatures, gods and what not, but more-so due to the amount of detail put into the game. That is a feat that no game can accomplish (well at least with higher graphics anyway).Perks-Really in depth combat system with a multitude of troop types and nations to pick from.-Formation system-Pretender Creation-Randomised map generation-Excellent multiplayer game-Mod capabilitiesCons-Graphics can be a major turn off for a lot of players (especially those who look to graphics as the main factor for enjoying a game)-Though battles are very detailed (modelling each individual soldiers move and attack), they are very heavily scripted and despite it following orders. There can be tendencies where some of your units won’t follow orders properly (I understand orders cannot be followed to a point but in some cases, it can be pretty extreme).So to conclude, my highlight of the game would have to be the combat mechanics and the pretender system. Some people may dislike not having direct control over battles, but I personally think it makes for a far more strategic game. Not to mention, back in the day, generals would not be able to control their infantry or cavalry directly anyway. Even now, there is a margin of error when it comes to following orders from a higher up. I think that is very well simulated in this game. By letting players script orders, you are almost planning your move from a war room. Not knowing exactly what is going to happen. That is how it should be done :D"
76561198079430411,Recommended,259060,10198650,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Syzygy,"I highly recommend this to anyone who likes RTS, or Turn based games, mythology, or has an imagination. Its super easy to mod, ( you only need to make 2d pictures, and write on a notepad) and easy to play, you can jump right in and start making units and conquering territory, though you may or may not win on your first try. The scope of the game is limited by nothing but your imagination and your ability to write in features. Don't think your troops are strong enought, look at a mod someone made, copy it to fit your needs, and before you know it your meek empire of tree loving hippies is spitting fire and stronger then giants."
76561198067160106,Recommended,259060,10884419,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,vG.Umbra,This is a great game which may not be everyones favorite type of game but with its unique twist on empire managment and a great skill/magic system this a game that both new and old strategy gamers should try to add to it it has a great community which deal with multiplayer and modding.
,Recommended,259060,11813083,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,BarBiz,Its 90% the same as Dominions 3... and 10% better :D (Demo avalible on creaters site)
,Recommended,259060,12060028,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Winter Wolf,"Disclaimer: This is my personal feeling  (and pardon any rambling I may do here) about the game and various features in it, and is not meant as any kind of insult to those who are hard core fans of the game. Nor is it meant to particularly entice new comers to the game. While I clicked the yes button I really wish there was a ""maybe"" option as it is not for everyone.Intro:If you have played Dom 3 you may think you have played Dom 4 after starting it up. The interface is pretty much identical and much of the game is the same (with old school sensibilities about interface, so not much flash). However, many things that were fun for me, and perhaps too awesome (I don't think so but meh) were nerfed/toned down.Items are no longer all that awesome if you focus and invest all your effort in forging. In fact they are barely worth the effort imho but you can still get some fun things out of them. Just don't expect them to be very effective. In particular the items that produced gems, no longer do so for all uses. They may give you something called ""Temporary"" spell gems which can be used in battle but not with rituals. And much of the skill enhancing items are either gone, nerfed or very much more expensive to make.Id say you are better off not making items at all (as tempting as it may be when you realize that some items still seem fairly powerful.) If you do be prepared to be underwhelmed by the end result.Spells & researching them were left largely untouched except for minor nerfs here and there to make them more balanced.On Balance:I will say I am not a proponent of fine tuning/balancing games. Particularly ones that are as successful already as the Dominions series is. However if you are going to do it, don't take away fun things unless you are adding in something to replace them. It is too easy to make a game all hard edges (and difficult even on easy mode, and forget the various coolnesses that may have attracted some people in the first place.) My $0.025 anyway.Does Illwinter do this with this game? Yes and no. Some of the new strategic possibilities with disciples look fun. However,  the practice is tricky and is probably best suited for multiplayer. (Full disclosure: Which is something I have never done with any of the dominions games. I like playing 4x-likes solo/single player mode for the most part.)I like and dislike the Thrones of Ascension mechanism. I like it because it allows you to play in a different manner than the old victory points system. And each throne adds something to the game though you may not enjoy all of the effects of controlling one. I dislike it because the AI at least on the non-cheating (impossible etc) modes does not seem to know how to properly exploit the thrones, only capturing one if it happens to be within easy grasp.But since the whole goal of the game changes from ""conquer your enemies  and make them cry (or turtle up if thats your strategy)"" to: ""conquer this tough independently held province and do it quickly to win before your opponents can mount their own campaigns against"", it does not make sense for the AI to still go into conquer every territory mode (standard behavior).Also once youve captured a throne you have to use it (with a prophet or your pretender) and make sure to hold it. Independants can and will recapture neglected provinces as inexplicable events. (You don't get to see troop movement or anything, as a warning first.) Which makes the game more and less interesting. More because you have to pay attention to defenses perhaps well inside your territory that you might otherwise neglect, and less because the same. Micromanagement is ever the bane of the 4x player. Yes it is important but it make the game drag to the point of wanting to go play tiddly winks or something else equally inane.God Making:Perhaps still the best part of the game is being able to set up the game in any way you like. Hard? Easy? Large? Small? Make your own maps. Make your own deity. Choose a form that is all combat or go with many schools of magic and master the arcane. Lots of choices is a good thing and you get a lot of that here.Modding:You can still mod it, though it seems that some of the modding rules have changed. And I would not begin that task unless you really want to see it through and have some actual ideas. Do it because you have a story you want added, not just to up the power level of some item, nation or diety. Or whatever but be warned that once you look under the hood you may feel less enthusiasm for the magic of the game ever after.Graphics:The graphics are unsurprisingly primative but adequate. Sprite based battles still look haphazard and may require some getting used to, to interpret properly. (Why DID that priest suddenly lose morale and run?? You may never really know...)Overall:The most disappointing thing for me is that as a solo game Dominions 4 has no real innovation, only small refinements on prior editions, which don't really rise to the expectations I had when I saw it was out. As they say: ""Caveat Emptor"" but I really expected more for some reason. Yes I bought it earlyish and didn't do my due dillegence (feh at brand loyalty) on checking other reviews but the product is what it is. Illwinter does not make bad games. So no matter how you feel about it, it will be a game to play not just one to sit on the shelf of buyer's remorse (Because steam never refunds you anything, ever.) You should still get fun out of it.Buy it if you want a fantasy RPG-4x to play. It is challenging and the UI can be a little inscrutible at first but read the manual and you'll be fine. There is a community and sites to help you learn the strategy of the game. You may even be sucked into the multiplayer version or the modding community."
76561198039861861,Recommended,259060,10773677,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AlphaCrimson,////////
76561197995935136,Recommended,259060,14443843,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Greg Bahm,"The scope of the content is massive. The world is overloaded with flavor. The presentation is bad, but if you can get past that, you'll find one of the most interesting pieces in the entire strategy genre."
76561198035589515,Recommended,259060,9353340,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Mr Chillout,"Are You a god? Get this game!Seriously:This is a great, deeeeeeep strategy game. If you can look past the graphics, you will love it."
,Recommended,259060,13610891,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AlStar,"Dominions 4 is a grand strategic game where you play as the god of one of the 77 nations available (spread out over three eras: Early, where magic is plentiful, technology is not, and giants (as well other magical beings) are common; Middle, the time of iron; and Late, time of steel and the ascendance of man.)Each nation is fully fleshed out, based off of different myths, and has their own strengths, weaknesses, and quirks.Gameplay is turn-based, with each turn representing one month. You queue up your orders (such as building troops, casting spells, moving, attacking, searching for magic sites, etc.) and, when you've got everything to your liking, you end the turn. Combat takes place simultaneously between turns. Armies are broken into individual soldiers, who are placed into squads. Each general has a command limit of how many men he can lead, and how many squads those can be broken into (although you can make more, at a hit to morale for all the troops under that general) and each squad can be given a formation and basic orders - such as ""attack closest"" or ""fire at archers and keep distance"". Your generals themselves can be given a list of 5 commands as well as an overall tactic - this is best used for mages, who you can instruct to cast specific spells.There's research, with 7 different schools (conjuration, alteration, evocation, construction, enchantment, thaumaturgy, and blood magic), all of which offer a cornucopia of spells which are available to your mages, depending on which magic paths they are specialized in.Generally speaking, the game can accommodate just about any number of players (up to 25-ish), and there's a huge number of user-made maps, as well as a random terrain generator which does a pretty good job.There's a huge number of mods too, which can do anything from changing the cost of a spell all the way up to making entirely new nations.Pros:+ One of the deepest strategy games out today.+ Battles can be huge, with potentially thousands of troops (each one an individual with its own stats) on either side.+ Spells which can cause massive effects.Cons:- Interface can be intimidating to a new player.- Old-school graphics: functional, but not pretty.Overall:+ If you're a fan of this genre, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,259060,28654749,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vaylon,"This is an excellent strategy game with multiple layers of complexity. It has a wonderful magic system, a wealth of incredible lore based in part on fantasy and real-life myth, and such a wide variety of factions and unit types that playing the game always feels like a journey into unexplored territory.Don't let the graphics put you off: if you are a serious player of strategy games, you owe it to yourself to play Dominions 4."
76561197998382853,Recommended,259060,26067182,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Axios,"Very good and intresting turned based strategy. Do not let the simple graphics style fool you, the game is full of detail and vast in its size."
,Recommended,259060,9697728,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Slate,"I never thought a game so simple (graphically wise)  could be so addicting. There is so much to learn and do in Dominions 4 that at times you don't know where to start, but honestly thats where I think the fun lies when you learn more and more about the game by playing it.I bought this game on a doubt, but looking back I should have purchased this game a long time ago.Bottom line: Tons of fun!"
76561197995661821,Recommended,259060,23604890,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,sinewayve,The Dominions series is proof you don't need a giant budget just a great idea.
,Recommended,259060,34786559,Posted: 6 September,all,Altumnus,"Game is incredibly deep, with each race within each time period playing differently. So many schools of magic, and certain spells requiring ranks in multiple schools of magic before you're able to use. You can set strategies and spells to use in combat (including which spell to cast first, etc.), but otherwise combat is played out according to the rules you've set. While it may sound limiting, it's actually pretty amazing to watch and also since manually moving and commanding each unit would take literally hours once you get 100+ units on a tile.There's also a counter to everything, some working better than others. That neighboring nation using Blood Magic to get ahead? Use a spell which summons vengeful furies that will (attempt to) hunt down each and every Blood caster in the world. Enemy using a few incredibly strong units? Mind control or crowd-control them until the rest of your army can kill it.Also, there's friendly fire. More realistic, but I've killed more of my own units with my archers and spells than the enemy managed to in some battles. =X"
76561198005977733,Recommended,259060,33969727,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr. Hedgehog,"Very complex, lots of variety  - I love games like that."
76561197960746459,Recommended,259060,30777178,Posted: 27 March,all,quinnbot,"Dominions is an excellent game - but not for the faint of heart!  The level of complexity and depth is beyond any other strategy game I've played.  Can easily spend like 1-2hrs just thinking about the moves of a single turn.  Don't waste your time with single player (aside from training) as the AI is not up to the challenge.  Go straight to the forums and join a multiplayer game.One word of caution: brace yourself for the tides of victory and defeat in the MP games.  As the games sometimes run over a course of 4-6 weeks, wins are an incredible rush, but losses can be equally crushing >:)"
76561198134662362,Recommended,259060,34850664,Posted: 9 September,all,matt.lloyd77,I like this game.I played it multiplayer with a friend and it has a very good amount of depth to it.The graphics are serviceable. Play by email is great.I'm not a huge gamer but this was quite fun.
,Recommended,259060,8525209,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,PerciXal,"Great game once you get the basics of it. It's a bit like Dota or LoL where you have to know pretty much everything about the game to actually win. Although the game might seem difficult at first, all you really need to do is research spells that your nation excells at and then make sure each army has a few mages to turn the tide of every battle. What caught my attention most about this game is how certain civilizations are based on real life civilizations. For example, Machaka represents Great Zimbabwe, Ermor is Rome, Berytos is ancient Carthage, Tien 'Chi is ancient China, and C'tis is based on ancient Egypt, etc. On another note, you get to rule as a god, how awesome is that!?The game gets really addicting after a while and it's a bit hard to put down, although the game is supposed to be multiplayer based, the AI is solid and creates an interesting singleplayer game especially with the new Ascensions game mode. Though the AI is not a good practice tool for Multiplayer, it's mostly a tool for testing pretender chasis and certain spells that catch your eye. If you have a gift card then I definately recommend getting this, otherwise, wait until the price goes down (as $35 is a hefty price tag for this game) and hopefully when that happens, the game will be better balanced and patched up."
76561197983323833,Recommended,259060,8262069,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,*COG* Salamander,"Been a fan of Dominions since 2 and while 3 was excellent, 4 is even better. More victory conditions, more nations, while some are renamed, none have been removed, more spells, coop play with disciples, it all adds up to a great turn-based strategy game.Not what one thinks of when you hear:""Fantasy strategy"", it uses a plethora of races and creatures, even my personal favorite, the nation of R'lyeh based on H.P. Lovecraft's works!Highly recommended."
76561198052633987,Recommended,259060,9879887,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,dahdread,"Great game - not much has been changed since Dominions 3 (I would say 4 is more or less an 'expansion"") which is good and bad in a way. It is good because it is the game we like, it is bad if you expected major changes. I recondmend the game to anyone that likes complex turn based strategy games. Great game!"
76561198092479658,Recommended,259060,9256033,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,charles_d_berger,"Dominions 4 will dominate your waking life, and soon enough your dream time as well. It is simply the most intricate, intriguing, and deep fantasy strategy game around. You could play this game a lifetime long and probably still not exhaust the combinations of viable and fun strategies for conquering the world.So with that totally unqualified and exuberant approval out of the way, it must also be said that this is one of the most maddening games around, in terms of interface, AI and certain functions. Despite substantial interface improvements in Dominions 4 over the previous version, there remains far too much micromanagement. A few additional tools would greatly assist - like automatic pooling of blood slaves (as happens with gems), automated forwarding of recruits from rear areas, multiple turn path-setting for armies, automated setting of research priorities (ie, research Conjuration 3, than Evocation 4, then Thaumaturgy 1 - without me having to manually adjust each turn). And one thing about movement routines frustrates me constantly - once an enemy army is ""behind your lines"", so to speak, actually pinning it down to a battle is nearly impossible. You move into the province the enemy army is in, but simultaneously the enemy army moves to a different province, and you're caught in a never-ending game of musical chairs. Even if your army is ""faster"", or should be faster. I'd love it if there were some more sophisticated move mechanics or orders, like ""move to block any enemy army that moves to any adjacent province"". And I'd also love more stats. And a less silly AI. And...Seriously, just get the game. And clear out the next year or so of your life."
,Recommended,259060,21754795,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kurama,It took me 79 games on easy to finally win.......was it worth it?HELL YESIn this game to me even when I lose I won
,Recommended,259060,17775390,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Dominions is simple yet complicated. This board game-esque turn-based strategy game features a massive amount of different units, varying factions that all specialize in various areas, randomly generated maps,  and even the ability to create your own factions and gods. The premise is relatively simple, you are a God who is battling other gods to ascend as the supreme God Ruler of all existence and the AI will not go easy on you. Trust me, I've played both the 3rd and the 4th games and the AI has beaten me senseless almost every time I've played. I highly suggest the game as the gameplay is relatively fast paced for a TBS and as such is incredibly addicting. You'll be hard-pressed to close the game when it'll only take 4 more turns to conquer the Undead guys. Definitely recommended."
76561198067949910,Recommended,259060,16497641,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,meglobob1,"When it comes to fantasy strategy games this is it, the best one of them all.Well its got unimaginable depth and complexity, which will take you weeks, months, even years to get to the bottom of, but as many good games are, really simple to play.  You can complete your 1st 10 turns in 10 mins but if you are successful and grow a large empire by turn 70 in a multiplayer game for example a turn may take you 2 hours to complete.  The game ramps up with the more research you get and the more provinces you conquer, the more magic items you forge, the more exotic monsters, leaders, mercenaries you conjour forth or hire with cold hard gold.Good to play single player and awesome to play multiplayer, with healthy viberant mutiplayer communitys.Want to create a completely dead world with only legions of undead in it, in Dominions 4 you can, seriously you could kill every living being in the world.  Want to play the insanity which is R'lyeh, look no further.  Nations of giants, elves, dwarves, bats, demons, pans, centaurs, the inquisition etc are all playable.  Around 100 nations in all, across 3 Ages.Massively moddable, create your own complete nations.  Lots of player created mods and maps to try out.If you are a fan of fantasy strategy games you need to own and play Dominions 4, worth every penny."
76561197992002099,Recommended,259060,9318633,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,SageCyan,"If you are tired of easy strategy games, and looking for something very different than elves, dwarves and humans slugging it out again, get this game!  Be prepared for a high learning curve and the ensuing power trip when everything works the way you want it to."
76561197998982818,Recommended,259060,13845366,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Breadsmith,"You can play as a Giant Parrot, or a buddah with a fish head, or a mundane octopus."
,Recommended,259060,23149375,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,There's a lot to this game. Get over that learning curve and you'll have a blast. 8/10.
76561198075886217,Recommended,259060,25083111,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,oakfallen,Close to perfect.
76561198027154101,Recommended,259060,24718381,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sha1hulud,I have only begun to scrape the surface of this magnificent game. The gameplay is extensive and deeply rich. I find myself drawn to the lore of the nations; designing armies and strategies based on what I would expect from them.
,Recommended,259060,30766278,Posted: 26 March,all,Ian,"I read good reviews on this game, some saying that it was the best 4x game in existence. So I picked it up and convinced some friends to get it; then I bought it for another friend. Get it.Super complex, but simple. You set up formations for troops before battle, but other than that it's like Total War overmap or a simplistic Civ with preset diplomacy (either you're on someone's team or you're not).You mix and share dominion, which is the power your god eminates. Together, you can be strong. Or, you can rip each other apart with violating differences."
,Recommended,259060,12961629,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Andalis,"It's a complex game. It's kind of an obtuse game. It takes a good bit of time to really start learning what you're doing, and even more time to start learning the basics of what you can do with your strategy, and almost twenty hours in and I'm still figuring out how things work.And that is the absolute beauty of it. It's a game where you can experiment and learn, figure out new strategies, new ways to do things, new tactics to try, new setups to run with... I don't know of very many other games at all that can really let you do that as deeply as Dominions 4 will."
76561198073371258,Recommended,259060,13030054,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BattalKruvazor,"one of the most intelligent fantasy TBS games. Just discovering the history, ideas and tactics for each different nation is fun in itself. I only play SP, I find the AI adequate, which is usually considered to be the weakest point of this game."
76561198006762955,Recommended,259060,10007501,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,chrilleP,"If Civilization 2 and Medieval Total War had a child, a child who grew up and graduated MIT and became a PhD, this would be it."
76561198075650842,Recommended,259060,31005280,Posted: 7 April,all,alex,"So i came into this game expecting conquest of elysium but more complex, but that didnt prepare me for the amount of complexity. I'm leaving a good review, but my stance is more neutral. The game doesn't do a whole lot to teach you whats going on, and the overworld map is riddled with confusing icons and text. I'm sure that if I had put in a lot of time I would've ended up loving this game, but I don't feel like a game where I need to study to play is worth it."
,Recommended,259060,12387983,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Delcar,"Hands down, my favorite series for fantasy epic 4x games.  Very deep, it will require a lot of digging through the manual, forums and wikis and practice."
,Recommended,259060,11487441,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zarathustra,"My god died while her monkey army stormed the capital of the lizard people because the mercenary dragonhandler I hired was a lava creature that set her one fire just by standing next to her.10/10, would slay infidels again."
,Recommended,259060,25258809,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tap.Water,10/10 Better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,259060,12212199,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dreadlord Jaina,">thinking you can walk through other peoples lands without consequencesMarveni doesn't care that you're a coward who's being chased around by another nation- he cares that you just stole his gold, maybe gems, and forced him to deploy some people to take the province back.Imagine if Napoleon Bonaparte showed up in your kitchen, drank all your milk, and informed that he would be occupying the couch for a month because he was scared of the British. Also, in this scenario, Napoleon Bonaparte is one of 7 people you need to kill to become God, and if left alive he will inevitably turn on you."
76561198000266166,Recommended,259060,28352780,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Black Hammer,"I'm recommending this game, and here's a little story about why.I have, as of this moment, 27 hours clocked on this game. Was about to start a game, but didn't know what faction or pretender I wanted to play. So I opened up the manual (454 pages long) and took a look at a few things to get some inspiration.50 minutes later, I still hadn't launched the game. I did have ideas for eight different pretender builds for three factions (well, four if you count MA and LA R'lyeh as different), but I didn't make any of them, let alone play them.On realizing this, I launched the game, made a different pretender for a different faction, then while alt-tabbing between the game, the manual, and a forum discussion of Asphodel, I noticed the ""Write Review"" button on Steam.Was going to end this with a Prince of Bel-Air reference, but couldn't fit Pantokrator into the lyrics."
76561198033893113,Recommended,259060,14999409,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,moosemorden,This game is a hobby.
,Recommended,259060,15843825,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,thrAsher,"While not the prettiest game to ever grace a monitor, there is so much content here it's hard to not recommend if you like deep, complex strategy games. The learning curve is somewhat steep, but if you don't mind watching a few basic tutorials and/or gameplay videos, and doing a bit of research, you'll be in for a ride with Dominions 4. I'm actually a bit sad I've rediscovered this game after initially being overwhelmed, as I see it devouring my free time in the near future. Few games can boast having such a wealth of options, tactics, maps, and units, and the AI seems happy to pile armies on you and make things interesting if not difficult. Throw in multiplayer, which I've yet to try, and you have a huge heap of game here. Highly recommended, can't wait to get back to it."
76561197970263100,Recommended,259060,15880586,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Game_is_Hard,"Very good gameThis game is a bit of a logistical nightmareThere are a ton of things to keep in mind and any unit that is is recruited from the ""commander"" tab can be micromanaged like crazy. From you little scouts to your super commanders and generals this applies to summoned commanders too of course.There are too many things to cover but here are some footnotes.Lots of myth. If you like old slav/viking/greek/roman/lovecraft and a lot more mythology this game will probably cover it.Huge variety in everything which makes for tons of strange combinations.Turns are resolved at once but at least its turn based so you have time to think on what you should do.Stats stats stats stats if you are a min maxer you will have a lot of time to do that.Lots of flavor which is what games that sacrifice graphics need.Warnings.Obviously the graphics.Your troops fight for you, you yourself DONT control them you position them and order them what to do.The tutorial in the manual will get you going but you will inevitably begin researching this game.This game shines in multiplayer. The diplomacy against ai is non existent but pretty funny versus players.Have fun and don't get overwhelmed Its turn based don't forget."
,Recommended,259060,16861659,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Laurance 'Rumlegs' Shoobert,"Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension. Simply put, is the essence of a grand strategy game involving mythology. I adore the essence of this game. Beginninng  to conquer in the name of your god. Truly megalomaniacally delightful, with possibly the cruelest AI I have ever encountered in a game. Normal mode is beatable. But will take time and severe dedication. Moving and playing out more like a chessboard.Niceties aside, It's ♥♥♥♥ing irritating at times. seriously, with the traditional nordic folk music, that will burn your ears. No joke. It doesn't suit it at times and I feel that the 8-bit style needs to go.Is it still fun. yes. But don't expect to love it from day one.It's the ugliest most frustrating game ever. But I still can spend hours on it. Due to good programming."
,Recommended,259060,17374265,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Reichsführer 柠檬-ちゃん,"Its like Dominions 3, only with more stuff, yo.Now for the actual review. Probably the single greatest strategy game I have ever played. And thats saying a lot, considering I played Dominions 3 :P. Its unfortunate its so expensive though, but it is worth the price. The community, at least on the surface, looks very 'dead' shall we say. The AI is fairly rock solid and generally doesnt roll over and die, which is truly an improvement over many strategy games. A lot of the fun in this game can be creating your own strategies, because theres so many options available to the player. It looks daunting on the cover, having no tutorial tends to do that, but do a bit of looking around in game and you'll probably get it."
76561198055083467,Recommended,259060,16935124,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,dougscheufler,♥♥♥♥ing Love itQuanity over Graphics fedilityMade me a Fan First one i ever played
76561197978060904,Recommended,259060,17298552,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Welzi,"Hasn't your ego always told you, you are special? The one? Forget that, here you can try to become a god. But beware the others try to become the same. ;-)I am playing strategy games for decades now and in my view Dominions 4 is one of the best games of this genre. Why? Because it offers possibilities, strategies and tactics beyond anything you have seen in other games. It is a very complex beast and you have to dive in if you want to understand what is going on there and it has lousy but functional graphics but who cares? If you do dive in, you find an extremely rewarding, challenging and - in the best sense - complex game.If you are interested in the game but the graphics or the complexity are preventing you from buying it, at least give a lets play series a try. There you will get a glimpse what you can do in this game and that is nearly unfathomable. It is just great. Give it a try, mates!This is the game that is giving you strategic possibilities second to none. If there were an award for best strategy game of all times, this one would be one of the candidates for me."
76561197995238262,Recommended,259060,17868262,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,N20Joe,"Great turn based strategy game! Very in-depth systems and deep strategic decision making make for a very engrossing game. The devs also update and add content regularly.The graphics are 2d sprite based but that's not the big draw for this game anyway, the strategic and tactical decision and consequence system is superb."
76561197986629379,Recommended,259060,7994732,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Vali,"Good game, worth your time if you like large strategic games with a wide selection of possibilities"
,Recommended,259060,9068821,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ppickeri,"I caught wind of this game really by accident while searching for something new to play. I have to say it must have been serendipity because this game is fantastic! It plays like a very complicated board game, which is why the graphics are not necessarily state of the art - but they don't need to be. What this game lacks in graphical horsepower it makes up for with brilliant game mechanics. The level of detail the designers put into each of the game mechanics and how they made a tremendous effort to ensure they each fit with the lore and setting of the game is amazing. For instance, a unit equipped with a spear can deflect incoming melee attacks from enemies equipped with a shorter melee weapon, such as a sword. Archers' arrows don't just hit or miss an enemy unit - they actually take into account the spread of the arrows over a target area.The lore setting is also extremely unique. You are a pretender god vying to be the ONLY god. You can choose from a large number of deities each with their own special characteristics. Add on top of that about two dozen different civilizations you can match you deity up with...and on top of that there are three separate ages you can start from each with different environmental settings - you get the picture for the level of depth in this game.Others have mentioned the user manual being a critical part of this game. It is. And yes it's long at about 400 pages, but about 300 pages of that are just reference tables for all the different units, spells, items, etc. I have to give the designers credit again here, because not only is this the most comprehensive user manual I have ever seen in a video game, but it's actually easy and fun to read! I've played other board games where the rulebook was a tenth the size but incredibly hard to read (I'm looking at you Republic of Rome!).I definitely recommend this game for anyone that enjoys master strategy games like Europa Universalis and perhaps the Total War series. Probably the best way to describe this game is a healthy mixture of Civilization, Europa Universalis, Heroes of Might and Magic and Total War. The first hour or so I was a bit lost, but read the manual and you'll quickly pick up on the game mechanics and an appreciation for the level of depth and endless replayability of this game."
76561198065277161,Recommended,259060,9922785,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,savir.greg,"Great Game, after a bit of learning its easy to ease in and out of. It can be very immersive, love the mechanics,"
,Recommended,259060,10602478,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kharnifex,"An improvement on Dom 3, Ai seems harder alot more random events and a nicer GUI layout"
76561198079604600,Recommended,259060,11627712,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,AaronM,Let me start by saying this game is awesome!!. So why is it awesome? Well because it’s got such great lore and unit variety. You literary will find yourself pausing the game every five seconds looking at all the awesome creatures you will be fighting in the next battle. The game is pretty complicated but it didn’t take me more than a day to be a pretty decent dominions gamer. I would highly recommend buying this game the price is a little high but the game is really worth all the money. Also I recommend going on YouTube for dominions tutorials this will get you started. I could spend hours telling you all the awesome complexity that comes with this game but I’m just going to say simply find out for yourself and buy this game right now you won’t regret it.
76561198013266328,Recommended,259060,11988487,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Modlin,"Definitely worth it. One of the most diverse 4X games I've played, with TONS of gameplay options to play with. Extremely fun to play with friends, but due to a very heavy emphasis on 'counter' tactics the learning curve is rather steep. If you can bear the old-school graphics and the 400-page manual, the game is really worth it."
,Recommended,259060,10906089,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crash,it's a game about killing infidelspretty good
76561197987629537,Recommended,259060,10957853,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Xyranoth,"Turn Based Strategy / Fantasy*Bug FreeOverall 4 out of 5Complexity 4Graphics 2Immersive 5Inovative 4Game Pace 1This was probably the best game I got to know by Steam recommendation.It took me a while to figure out how it works, as it's not an easy to play game as we got use to in the last decade, but if you take the time to start over a few times and learn, it's absolutly worth the money.This is a turn base strategy game with a slow pace, every turn counts and it starts getting more complicated with time. The most fun comes to me from the mages and priest, it's very hard to decide if you'll put them to research new magics, cast rituals to summon undear or animal armies, search for hidden magical places, craft magical items to your commanders or even empower their own skills to to all the above more awsomely.Another thing that I really like is that you can build new fortress, casltes, temples and labs wherever you want. So you are not stuck with what you find, you can actually use the geography in combination to fortresses and create an effective defense to your lands. Every territory is an oportunity for recruting and resources.If you like turn based, complex and flexible strategy games, go for it.It's not for the people who wants to manually drive the troops in combat or that are looking the cool graphics."
,Recommended,259060,11964202,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Råb!d,"Very fun game for those that are interested in very deep strategy games, without the fancy graphics."
76561197986397264,Recommended,259060,8156005,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ridiculan,Great game. Lots of strategies to try out.
76561197998675495,Recommended,259060,8059811,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Legend00 |GGA| |gdls|,"Dominions is a pretty good strategy game with lots of variety and depth.  I started with Dominions 3, and now I've jumped in to 4.  I do notice some changes and some definite improvements including a bit more assistance with the micro managing.  It does show as an independent game, of course - the graphics and the manual leave plenty of room for improvement.  But it's hard to beat the variety and depth, and I don't think it's too hard to learn.With the variety of maps, of win conditions, the three eras, the variety of nations, and the variety of gods, there's a lot of ability to customize how you play and cater to your preferences.So far I've only played single player.  The AI does seem reasonably good, plenty of challenge there.  I can only imagine that being able to set up a multi-player game would be quite a lot of fun."
76561197965231883,Recommended,259060,9141309,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,JohnsVolition,Amazing and deep.
,Recommended,259060,9292614,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,WTBS MAYWest,"Pretty much like Risk, but better in every aspects!Definitely a must-play for strategy addicts."
76561197978262297,Recommended,259060,8381073,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Harry Shezar,"While the graphical side of the game hasn't improved much in the seven years since Dominions 3, the gameplay has gained significant improvements that both add to the game and make for smoother experience. Veterans of the previous games will be especially happy about the possibility to select different formations for troops to utilise in combat."
,Recommended,259060,9050210,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Akira,"This game is all about magic. There are hundreds of spells, some as simple as adding oakskin to your troops or some as massive as throwing the entire world into darkness. Choose a path of sorcery and summon the dead to fight for you or choose to control the elements and change the world around you.This is a complex game, that requires you to put a lot of thought and planning into your strategy. I would highly reccomend you check out the manuel. You can view it for free [http://www.illwinter.com/dom4/manual_dom4.pdf] here [/url].Graphics are old school, but after a while,you won't even notice> They will work well on almost any machine. Music is beautiful, but does get a bit repetitive, a good Pandora station will fix that.All in all, I would highly reccomend."
,Recommended,259060,9276431,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,MagnusXL,"If you're a fan of 4x games, follow the path of divinity by cutting a ruthless swathe of blood through your rival pretender gods. Dominions is highly complex; there's a lot more depth than almost any other game I've played to date. It's highly recommended to fans of the genre who are fine with gameplay quality over graphics."
76561198041105191,Recommended,259060,10795599,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kitesfear,"Be a god. Or better yet, serve mine.About 75 different races on three different eras, hundreds of different monsters and units, 300 magic items, 800 or so spells.The learning curve is steep, and while the AI is undiplomatic to say the least, you'll end up grinding it for hours just to see how the game works. Then you'll start playing against other people, and the real fun starts..."
76561198043462139,Recommended,259060,10935914,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Moddin,"Must have for everyone who likes strategy and fantasy.This is not your typical ""total war"" like game. Fights can be watched but not activly changed.You need to set tactics for your troops, watch the fight and update the tactic.BTW tons of magic and special creatures ..."
76561198077923874,Recommended,259060,8977372,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Flameraiser,"First and foremost, while I heartily recommend this game, I must underline that this game is NOT for everyone.First impressions for most people are horrible: the graphics are dated, the audio gets irritating after a short while and the user interface is one of the worst I've ever had to deal with - although there are few very welcome improvements over Dominions 3. Single player doesn't really offer much of a challenge either, once you understand the basics of the game. As a single player game, I would rate Dominions series as one of the worst I've ever played.Where Dominions 4 shines though, is multiplayer. Despite the simplistic basics, it's easily one of the most complex MP games out there. The variety of nations is quite large, each era plays differently due to different units and varying access to magic paths and while there are obviously ""generally accepted strategies"" for each nation, each of them can be played in very varied ways depending on scales and pretender choice.The game has very steep learning curve, but there is a wealth of information to be found quite easily - google is your friend here. I would personally recommend checking out some let's plays, playing single-player game until you grasp the basics and then try and find a newbie game to join on one of the forums (Desura's Dom4 forums worked fine for me)."
76561198012958627,Recommended,259060,9630263,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Lord of the Wizards,"Dominions is a very meaty game.  It is, hands down, the most comprehensive fantasy war game that is available.  That being said, it is not an easy game to play.  It is a game that you must learn to play.  It is definitely a ""no skill cap"" game.If you want to win, it should be easy enough to find a guide that will explicitly give you a strategy that will steamroll any AI out there, but to me the true fun of Dominions is the freedom you have to play the kind of nation you want.Do you want to play as a nation of reptilian necromancers who worship a massive crocodillian devourer of souls?  How about a nation of reptilian necromancers who worship a stone monolith that blesses its followers with unearthly quickness and undying vitality?  How about a nation of mermen who worship a massive electrical octopus . . . IA IA SHOKTOPUS !Let me say a few words about the graphics.  At first glance, to the modern eye, the graphics might suck.  However, once you realize that the creators have lovingly crafted graphics for 1,500+ characters, you will have some appreciation for their lo-fi style.A steep learning curve, endless replayability, and a cult following: is Dominions 4 the game for you?"
76561198028217590,Recommended,259060,10747869,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kexter,"Nice fantasy turn based strategy. Research, macis items, summoned mosters, buildings, magic sites..."
76561198006539542,Recommended,259060,7977105,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Lyzra,"A low graphic, yet good strategy game, following the motif of Master of Magic. Basically you choose a 'nation' to control, build a wanna-be-god for them and set to strategy against other nations where new gods are rising as the old overgod is ... gone. You can equip your leaders/special units with mystical items and there is lots of overland spells and ordinary ones. Not all countries rely on magic. Very diverse game with good replayability factor.Music score is a little unusual medevil reporductions, though not bad at all. Wish there were a little bit more music themes.Developer is quite often patching and rebalancing the game, adding more things. Nations, summonable creatures and such at his own pace, but regularely and probably like with his earlier games on a constant basis for years. Pace is slow, but constant. Game is stable, updates are just extra bonus in general."
76561197967565206,Recommended,259060,8053523,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,DireAussie,"This is another incremental upgrade in the Dominions series.  There are Improved sprites, some minor interface improvements, some new items and spells etc.  Some of the game systems have been reworked.  The thrones are a nice addition and provides a more interesting and immersive path to victory rather than the gamey victory points system.  However there is still no AI diplomacy, which is a little disappointing.  The price is rather steep considering that, on the surface, there aren't that many changes.  If you're not a hard core fan of the series and don't have much money I'd recommend holding off until a sale."
,Recommended,259060,8668619,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,monkeydew,"one of the best games i have ever played 100% original other than the great refrencescompletely unique, great mechanicsIf you have 35$ spare spend it on this gameThis game deserves more support than it gets"
76561198013993345,Recommended,259060,8863515,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MarbleToad,"I have just as much fun reading the manual, either secretly at work, or before I go to bed, or perhaps with a whiskey in hand before a night out on the town, as I do playing the game....And, that is a good thing.  This is a labor of love; the essence of which drips from every poorly planned turn mocking my organizational and logistical talents.  I've played each incarnation of Dominions, though Dominions II most definitely stole my soul.  Luckily, I have a decent familial support group who pray on a daily basis for my errant ways to end.  After several seasons I have been called back into the material plane and, though my dominion fades, my black labrador prophet has has built temples of chew toys in my honor.  Now, with my triumphant and glorius return, alongside the enhanced multiplayer aspects of Dominions 4, the seat of the Pantokrator is most assuredly mine."
,Recommended,259060,9112624,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,los angelegs clippers,this game is effing impossible
,Recommended,259060,12221397,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,redp,"Dominions 4 is the latest in the Dominions series. The revisions from Dominions 3 are superficial, but, the core game is still excellent and full of depth. There have been some revisions to gameplay -- new pretenders -- but also some minor revisions to spells and some new maps. I would suggest this game but implore owners of Dominions 3 to buy it on sale owing to the extremely minor alterations from Dominions 3."
76561198123024379,Recommended,259060,12038145,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Pumble,"Dominions 4 is an in-depth, involved, immersive game that harkens back to the good old days of turn-based fantasy empire gaming. Tasked with taking the place of the now absent creator of the universe, your character (known as a Pretender God) seeks to become the new, true God. You must build armies, research a huge range of spells, and vanquish rival Pretenders to claim the ultimate prize in creation.I really, really like this game. It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling of nostalgia with the graphics, sound effects and just how much depth and substance is here. There's no glitz and dazzle with funky graphics to glamour you. Their are hundreds of spells in several different schools (such as Air, Earth, Fire, Water and darker paths like Death and Blood magic) which can be researched and used to advance your claim to Godhood. Your character can be anything from a wizened old crone, to a titan of the underworld, to a dragon, cyclops, divinely-created bull and many, many more things. This game is worth the price-tag, once you have this you don't need any other strategy games anymore, because this one has enough content to keep you going for a long time. It has a steep learning curve, so be prepared for that, but all the best games are the ones that take a while to get the hang of. Highly recommended to anyone who loves in-depth, fantasy turn-based strategy games.I give it 9.6 out of 10."
,Recommended,259060,10477678,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Goseph Lordon-Jevitt,"As a bloodthirsty megalomaniac, this game is catered to my interests. My desire to see my enemies driven before me, to hear the lamentations of thier women is satisfied completely. As I plan the religious and military conflict of this world, I can rest assured I will not 'jump the gun' as the kids put it. My eventual victory shall be assured due to 'getting it out of my system' with this fine amalgamation of fire, blood and vengance. Five stars."
76561198073899795,Recommended,259060,16320958,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Manuel Ivan,"Good game kids, buy it"
,Recommended,259060,9778476,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Snake2512,"Fight the good fight.Believe what is rightCrusader, the Lord of the realmFight the good fight,With all your mightCrusader, Lord of the realm"
76561198011237461,Recommended,259060,16776589,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Amused,"Really wish this thing had a triple A budget.It's good, but it could have been great.7/10"
76561197971589942,Recommended,259060,14776585,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,fabiotcm,Great detailed game. Graphics are not good but if you enjoy the strategy and the hundreds of spells you wont even notice it.
76561198035875468,Recommended,259060,11120501,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TimberGhost,"This is one of the best games i have ever played and i know i will continue to enjoy playing this. It has tons of replay ablity as every game is different and there are almost 100 nations spread across 3 ages. Each age is different as well. The early age being the more magical age and the late age being less magic and more tech advanced (when i say tech i mean better armour weapons etc.) magic is still around in the late age however. Magic in this game is very powerful but you can win without it. So if you want a Magic nation only you can do that and wipe all other god's nations off the map with massive lighting bolts OR if you dont want to use any magic you can, you can send 1000 of troops head on into battles (which can get massive). Dominions 4 can be quite difficult as well. I have yet to do online so i cant rate that but the single-player against Ai can be very diffcult as it is not dumb and provides a good challenge. At first Dominions 4 is overwhelming but its a grand stratagy game and so if you take it slow you will do fine and have a great time as I have. There are random generated maps as well as drawn maps and you can create your own which is always fun. The Graphics may not be the best but the content BY FAR makes up for that.Since you control the nation there are very few limitations, if you want to be an evil blood god/nation go ahead, or if you want to be a good orderly god/nation you can. The depth in this game... just wow i have almost 300 hours and i still have not played every nation or seen nearly everything, i think its safe to say ive only scratched the tip of the iceberg. When i discovered Dominions 4 it was like finding the game of my dreams."
,Recommended,259060,28741793,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,europendless,I'm on my way to finish 2 doctorates simultaneously... have always been praised because of how easy I deal with things in life in general...until today when I started this game for the first time and discovered that everybody was wrong and I'm not that smart.11/10 would question my whole life being a lie over a game again.
,Recommended,259060,9986800,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Casual Tea,"Have you ever found yourself playing a game of Civ 5 only to suddenly realize that 8 hours have passed and you haven't had any fun yet? This game is like, not like that."
,Recommended,259060,9787552,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Detrian,"Not only one of the deepest and most expansive games in the strategy genre but also one absolutely brimming with rich and unique lore that ties the whole experience together. Even if the game wasn't practically limitless as far as strategy goes, the extensive mythological and theological research that composes the game's universe, reflected in the lore, is probably worth the price of admission alone.Sure, you will see bad reviews but the fact is that the vast majority of them are made by people that simply didn't bother or couldn't manage to understand the game. You'll see comments about the lack of a tutorial (which is stupid, as a single cursory glance at the manual or ingame menus would reveal,) or things like the ""lack of control"" during battles (which again is stupid since the very core of combat is understanding unit strengths, positioning and scripting.) You'll see people whine that units are samey even if a couple games with different nations would prove otherwise. Likewise they have complained that the unit roster of each nation is limited, blissfully unaware that most every one has access to tons of summons, including nation unique ones. The list goes on and on and every single review in that vein is both as much a testament to laziness as it is pathetic.The game has some problems, for sure, but they are seldom tied to content aside from a fairly rudimentary AI that doesn't have access to the breadth of tactics that a real opponent would. The interface can be clunky and micromanagent tough IF you don't bother to read the hotkeys reference. Setting up a live multiplayer game can be confusing the first time you do it (although not if you are used to running a server in any other game,) back to the AI issue it has no built-in way to do diplomacy or trading so during single player games you won't have that option. Units are plentiful but without careful reading it can be easy to miss why they should or should not be used at a given moment and chances are that at the beginning and at least at some point you will have to look up information on how to play a particular nation.In multiplayer the game's AI problems are alleviated and the game shines to its full potential. There is simply no other game that offers as much variety in troops and strategies thanks to the combination of  pretender god options, the inherent strenghts and weakness of each nation and the plethora of spells plus equipment that you can research on top of whatever the map and the game's random events might bestow upon you. For example; even if you follow the absolute same strategy in two different games, in one game you might find territory that comes with independent mages or summons that can give you access to entirely different magic schools and in the process completely change how you go on about the game. In the same vein; the game has over two thousand random events that can range from national heroes appearing at your door to hellish portals opening somewhere in the world and letting demons pour out unchecked.Something else that I haven't seen a single negative review touch upon is the fact that the game has a pretty extensive modding community. Mods can do everything from adding completely new nations to tweaking the so often called too easy AI. There's lots of balance tweaks, tools, nations based on other popular franchises, sprite changes, magic changes, even a mod that grabs bits and pieces of sprites to easily create entirely new nations with randomized units. Of course, there's also hundreds upon hundreds of user created maps both made by hand and created with the game's random map maker so the game is not bereft of content at any point.On the matter of patches the game is still supported often and has undeniable gotten better with time. Since release there's been three new nations released for free, with at least one more coming soon. Other nations have been reworked to be made more competitive and flavorful as well; each and every one of these updates coming with a brand new batch of sprites, events and spells. Tons of bugs have been fixed, quality of life UI improvements have been added and even the AI is slowly being reworked to be more competitive as well. Since the development team is quite small, it is hard to tell for how long or not they might support the game but at this point in time we've come close to two years and with not a drop of paid DLC rearing its head. The price tag might seem a bit hefty mostly because of the graphics, but considering this game and its content can stand toe to toe with any AAA strategy game, it is more than reasonable.In conclusion I think there's really no reason to skip this game. As long as you are not  in a rush to immediately go into a game and fail to give the manual and ingame menus even the slightlest little check, you will avoid 90% of the problems that the game is supposed to have."
76561198007095020,Recommended,259060,14168114,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Tardisman,"Incredibly complex, satisfying 4X experience that I can't stop playing. Fantastic."
,Recommended,259060,13749523,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,stang.gang.55,"If you want graphics, GTFO. If you want a great game without caring about graphics, welcome. Dominions 4 is one of the best experiences for those who enjoy strategy games. There are a crapton of nations to choose to conquer the world, each with customizeable features such as the growth of your dominion (basically who follows your god) or the heat or cold of your lands. The way you win is up to you, you choose how to win.  In my experience, it is THE most customizeable turn-based strategy I have ever seen. You position your units in your armies, and decide if they will either be in box formation, a long line, and who and how they will attack. You decide how many units go into this army, and who goes into that one. Maybe you want to go in, hacking and slashing with swords and axes. OR, you can defend your mges with your units, and control the battlefield through magic. It's entirely up to you."
76561198140457477,Recommended,259060,16830586,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Rockpaper,"Spent about 5 hours watching youtube videos and 2 hours buried in the manual...played my first game without too much difficulty.  I get it.  I feel I am part of the club.  It is refreshing that this isn't a civ clone yet is just as deep if not deeper.  Don't let the graphics fool you.  The manual really helps especially if you walk through the tutorial it has in the beginning.Just wanted to update that this game is much deeper than I thought and Im getting more and more into it.  I have lost my first couple games and resorted to more youtube videos and guides and realized how much I missed.  One of the best guides I came across were two people debating how to play a certain faction.  They both played it completely differently and both had sucess.  That is how versatile things are...you can really manipulate the world with your play style.  I can't recommend this game enough and one other thing to add...its so low on the resources that you can put this on an old laptop or linux system and play anywhere...a turn here or there.   I wish devs would go back to making games that were less demanding on the computer and more about gameplay.Speaking of the devs one of the first pages I read in their manual was talking about how many projects or ideas they tossed out because it ""wasn't fun"".  As a result you have a great game because they weren't afraid to throw somethnig away that didn't work.  I can't find one feature I don't like in Dominions 4 and ashamed it took me this long to find the series...Now it makes me want to try their other game Elysium.  Great work and great game and I wish more devs would have the confidence to take time on their games and weed out what doesn't work.Also if you are still unsure...look at the positive reviewers on here...look at how many hours they have played this game...many have over 100 hours...how many times do you see that?  How many times do you see a positive review with less than 20 hours of game play...since ive gotten this I stopped plalying all other strat games."
76561198038634393,Recommended,259060,14327192,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ilmuren,"I love strategy games. That is why I got this one as well. It warps you through time into the age of, let's say Conan the Barbarian. And the music sounds like it as well. If you are unable to use your imagination a bit, or do not care about fantasy and magic and thus won't read the background stories and unit descriptions, this game is not for you, as you won't be able to enter the rich world of Dominions 4. This game is special. Are you?"
,Recommended,259060,12826387,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Justice_Lad15,"Where to begin.... This game is packed full of things that I still have yet to discover. A grand strategy game in the likes of Europa Universalis IV but fantasy. This game has everything ranging from massive (and I mean HUGE) battles that take place over dusty plains, high in the snowy mountains, or even deep underground, to gathering virgins to use as blood slaves to cast unholy enchantments across the realm. This game is a blast, highly recommended for strategy game enthusiasts."
76561198047322517,Recommended,259060,14566737,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Yeens Beans,"This game is really a tough nut to bust for me, its awsome yet complex and i just dont know how to explain it.I will tell you this: this is not a civilization game or anything really of the sort, if you like those kinds of games dont expect the same reaction from this game.Im not a good reviewer, so im going to leave this game at that. its really interesting, modding it can be a challenge but the ones already out there are amazing.I belive if you do your own research you will more acuratley find out if you really want this game or not."
,Recommended,259060,8163717,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Combiner,Most Skeletons 2013
76561197996025113,Recommended,259060,13782714,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,athelasloraiel,"excellent game, MP even more so. AI doesnt know how to handle undead opponent, and thats a problem, but MP makes up for this. Also, Steam discussion should have a subdiscussion for game suggestions and bug reports since it is easier then going away to Desura or other forums."
76561197990420760,Recommended,259060,26454941,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Forni,If you played Risk when you were younger and you like fantasy and magic then this is for you.
76561198071276039,Recommended,259060,23340043,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Matches,So many garbage games out there these days.  Dominions 4 pulls it out of the hat 10/10.Pros:To many to listCons:AI pulling out a 300 strong summoned army with only 1-3 territories.AI pulling out multiple armies of summoned armies the bigger they get.Edit:2017 and this game is still as fun as the day I got it.
76561198013924266,Recommended,259060,23443657,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Killdozer,"I don't know what the hell I'm doing, but damnit if I'm not having a blast doing it."
76561198089989828,Recommended,259060,23344043,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,floboug,Interesting but basic graphics. Mercenaries make the differences.
,Recommended,259060,21412748,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jakalor,"So, I decided to play as my current favourite, EA (Early Age) Ermor again.Large random map with 9 AI's at Easy (I'm a real noob).It goes pretty well, so I decide to jerk around and upgrade a few of my mages to insane levels.First one gets Horror Marked (think hunted by monsters from HP Lovecrafts works) and gets murdered by a Lesser Horror. My wizard had 7 in Fire, Astral, Nature, Earth and Water.And that wasn't even that powerful of one.During this time, I started getting harassed by enemy spellcasters, so I put up a Dome of Flaming Death. Yes, that's the exact name of the spell.So, when I decided to go and get my powered-up Augur Elder there, I cast Gateway.What I didn't know was that when a Dome spell saysenemyspellcasters, it means all spellcasters that either target this province or cast out of this province. Including my own.So, now my other powerful spellcaster is toast (pun intended), this time however, I was hoist by my own petard.10/10 would get hoist by own petard again."
76561198023065456,Recommended,259060,16457893,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Valta,"Very interesting and in-depth fantasy strategy game. Very much focused on war. I'd recommend using the official tutorial (pdf should come with the game, if not you can download it from the official site. Google it.) to help you learn the game, although I personally just stumbled around for the first 6 hours or so, until I got the basics. Quite old-school."
,Recommended,259060,23646975,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KremathTheGayYiffyDragon,Simply one of the best games ever made.
76561198076543436,Recommended,259060,22027454,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"I was told I do too many negative reviews.So I decided that all of the games I own Dominons 4 is the most deserving of reccomendation.Dominions 4 is a game made by two devs who have worked on every iteration of Dominions.Unlike many games which release and then charge you for additional content Dominions 4 recieves patches for new nations and units, FOR ABSOLUTELY FREE.-------------GAMEPLAY-------------------The gameplay is a turned based military management, strategy and tactic based game.You have a Pretender God, the choices available depend on your nation.Your pretender God is basically a demi-god who is trying to become the only God for the world as the big G that came before dissapeared.You can then modify your Pretender God with magic scales which is representative of the gods magical skill. These scales also determine bless amounts which are bonuses given to holy units, which each nation has.There is also Dominion which given it shares the name with the game is one of the most important aspects. Dominion is the Pretender God's influence, without it your God will die and you will be subjected to other Gods dominion which brings a morale detriment for you and a postive boost for morale for your enemies.You can take negative dominions traits like chaos or death or positive ones like magic or growth. Depending on the nation some will be postive for some while harmful to others, for example MA Ulm benefits from drain and Ermor benefits from Death.Winning conditions can be point based, deathmatch or my favorite Thrones of Ascension which are thrones of varying power that have an effect on provinces, dominion and gems.Magic is fueld by Gems and much be researched to be usable.Some spells require no gems but only effect Fatigue while others do. There are spells which have in battle effect and spells which can be used on the map to summon units, or attack provinces.----------------Setting----------------------The setting of Dominions 4 is amazing, each Nation changes based on the age its in.Some dissapear other change dramatically.Xibalba goes from a nation of Bat people to a nation of Frog people who enslave the Bat people.Rlyeh goes from a nation of mindfrying fish called Aboleths into Squid people loosely based on Lovercraft who summon horrors from beyond to use as BLESSED units.Some nations like R'lyeh that I mentioned are sea based as they start in ocean provinces and all units are able to breathe underwater.Nations have diffrent spells which all come with their own flavor text describing the spell and its origins and value to the people who cast it.----------------Music & Sound-----------------Do not expect an epic soundtrack, one song and one song only, that goes on forever.Sounds are good not great but indicate what is going on and are quite good when using iron blizzard in masse and hearing enemy splat noises.-------------------Maps------------------------The game comes packaged with quite a few high quality maps, there is also the ability to make random maps however they don't look the greatest.However the game does have a very simplified map creation tool, and quite a few maps have been made for DOM 4 or converted from Dom 3.One of my favorite maps is called Valanis and is quite beautiful visually and mechanically.----------------------Performance----------------------The performance is sex.On a crappy lenova laptop which I use for work mainly is able to run the game and with most graphical options turned off can simulate very large battles which is impressive seeing as my laptop lacks a seperate video card.My rig at home is a monster but even with a toaster with mild specs the game will run wonderfully.One of the best aspects of the game as I enjoy being able to take my work laptop up with me on trips and being able to play the game without lugging my Tower around with me.I highly recommend Dominions 4 for anyone looking for a great Tactics and Strategy game with a fantasy flair."
,Recommended,259060,12936181,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Fuck S͘team,"fun, complex, educational, relaxing, trippy. civ 3 except youre a god instead of the spirit of the nation."
76561198008728997,Recommended,259060,31183826,Posted: 16 April,all,Rockford,"I love this game. So much so that i bought it a second time here on steam for convenience.There are many maps in the vanialla edition, and more can be downloaded from the community (those people are the best). The game itself has high re-playability, extreme depth, loads of factions, spells and Items in three distinct eras. Characters can be modified with names, equipment and spells. If your hero becomes experienced he will get a hall of fame bonus which are awesome. To equip a hero can be easy, or you can make it into a science of stacking abilities. Some heroes die if they meet a single foe, others can invade continents alone. You and your game knowledge decide which is which.I have spent hundreds of hours on the third edition, (and the fourth) and the forth has added alot of new content. I reccomend this game if you like to tinker, roleplay, care more about depth than graphics and be aware that sound in vanilla is a bit bothersome with some units (but there are mods that fix that)."
,Recommended,259060,33143173,Posted: 2 July,all,Seirena,This is the kind of turn-based strategy game where the graphics are lacking but the addictive gameplay totally makes up for it.
76561198006597177,Recommended,259060,33173801,Posted: 3 July,all,Emperor kek,This game is on sale for 66% off atm so id say its worth grabbing its a pretty decent strategy game. I got alot of hours of enjoyment out of it and still playing it.A few bad things though the graphics arent amazing at all especially the maps which i thought they might have made at least look colourful or something and the micromanagement in the game can get pretty tedious but at the price its at now id pick it up and give it a try. If you are into in depth turn based strategy id say you will be pleasantly surprised .
,Recommended,259060,33585126,Posted: 16 July,all,Larkspur,"Too much to do, too much to see... 800 hours of practice, and I think I've gotten a decent hang of the base rules. Maybe 200 more and I might actually be up for trying out a multiplayer game or two. That or just take the easy way out, and stop playing."
,Recommended,259060,35026375,Posted: 17 September,all,Andi,"Wow.That pretty much sums up this game. I haven't yet tested the multiplayer (I'm still far too new to have a chance against more experienced players), but from playing several games against AI I can already tell that this is just the kind of game I have wanted to play for a very long time.For those who know Heroes of Might and Magic this game looks familiar from the beginning, but turns out to be quite different in the long run. As in HoMaM armies need commanders to lead them around the map, and most spells are cast by commanders. Another similarity is that nations and units are based on various mythologies.What differs is how strategic the games feel. Dominions is mainly played on the world map, which is grouped into provinces. The player has to manage owned provinces (prepare defense, use commanders to construct buildings, etc.) to keep a steady income of resources and gold, and to be prepared should an enemy try to attack. On the other hand one can often choose one of multiple provinces to attack an enemy, and one has to scout for those that are not well prepared. This makes the player feel a bit less ""directly involved"" than Heroes of Might and Magic does, but on the other side one feels more ""in control"". What further contributes to this is that one needs a lot of commanders, as some of them will be busy building or researching, without ever leading an army.What also makes this game stand out is the incredible depth of simulation. A lot of things can happen in Dominions, and all of them have elaborate rules. I think it's enough to say that the manual has over 450 pages (mostly tables) to demonstrate how detailed this game is.Anyhow, it's one of the best turn-based strategy games I've played up to now."
,Recommended,259060,30482562,Posted: 12 March,all,Convicts_Cranium,Great game. Highly recommended. Learning curve really isnt as high as it may seem at first glance and the depth is even greater than I have dug.
,Recommended,259060,34647795,Posted: 31 August,all,The Teething Lord,"this game has many good goods, such as the large spider.Burger time/10"
,Recommended,259060,10345063,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Edelweiss,"The most in-depth 4x game I've ever had the privilege to play. I spent 12 hours in it, and still feel like I'm working on the basics.Developed by two dudes, this game outshines games like Civ V, making up for its rudimentary graphics with unparalleled gameplay.This is the first game on Steam that has ever compelled me to actually write a review."
,Recommended,259060,10348377,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gothicus,"dont let the limited graphics fool you this game is AWESOME its got endless depth and replayability a decent singleplayer and epic multiplayer experience.I think its one of the best strategy conquest games out there, create a god take the reins of your nation and take over the world!"
76561198006590813,Recommended,259060,8198531,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Digital,"Above average game, pretty easy to pick up, pretty difficult to master"
76561197966553691,Recommended,259060,12062524,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Gooby,"You can cast the spell ""Enlarge"" on a demigod with no pants. 10/10, would enlarge again"
,Recommended,259060,11145503,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different.
,Recommended,259060,13522153,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,boy i die!!! shit boy,"summoned monster to serve me, broke free and consumed my entire kingdom10/10 would cthulhu again"
76561198050263083,Recommended,259060,8821307,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,THE PWNER,Most games I play seem to lack strategy elements or lack the ability the customize your army. Dominions 4 contains alot of strategy elements as well as the ability to change which units are in which squad and how each squad lays out. Although the grapichs may seem hideous and horrbile the main thing about the game is the amazing and awsome strategy that it uses to allow players to use there mind against their foes.
76561198081365970,Recommended,259060,15422588,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Trireme,"Casual Games:- Good Graphics- no depth- very cliche- easy- made for autistics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and braindead reptiles-modern settingDomninions 4:-Horrible Graphics- More depth than Shakespere and Europa Universailis IV- without any cliches (has a decent story)- the most hardcore of the hardcore- made for people who are willing to spend hours strategizing, taking notes, micromanaging and who have mamalian brains.- Learning curve steeper than mount Everist- fantasy medieval setting- a pretender a day keeps the COD fanboys away!"
76561198123937643,Recommended,259060,14632302,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Bash,Amazing turn based strat with tons of units and different races. Very Deep and can be a lot to take in but it's very do able as long as you enjoy a challenge. Casual Strat gamers need not apply!ONLY for the hardcore imo.ORIGINALITY in the way this turn based strat game is presentedOUTRAGEOUS amount of contentDom 4 = 9/10is beter thanDom 3 = 8/10
76561198199111442,Recommended,259060,25842356,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mr.Stench,"Much fun, Many details, always the stressful"
,Recommended,259060,27671861,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Random,Posted review to get free steam badge...
76561198030124316,Recommended,259060,8391710,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[CPC] Llama Del Rey,"Can't believe it took me so long to discover this series. This game is deeper than space, and twice as fun to explore."
76561198046105751,Recommended,259060,8977146,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Tarog,"Wouhou nice game what an incredibly huge universe of possibilities, strategies, units, factions, creations, maps, mods, magics and ... I have yet to explore half of it, and with a bit more than 120 hours,  I am still playing my first game after the tutorial. I had never heard of dominion before, and I am socked that I missed such a game."
76561198039880734,Recommended,259060,13457680,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hemo Goblin,It's worth a couple of hours
76561198005347309,Recommended,259060,8040044,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,sleeter,"If you like deep, deep strategy games, in which the strategising starts before you even get to turn 1, then this is a good game for you. The choices are pretty much endless and each time you play the game runs out differently giving it huge replayability. Very highly recommend this game to everyone who likes their strategy hardcore."
76561198036003814,Recommended,259060,8171961,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ace Prosecutor,"Out of all 4x games, this is by far the most complex I've played so far. If you're looking for an in-depth experience, this is the 4x for you. However, this game is far from pretty (as you can see), and will test your devotion to gameplay over graphics."
76561198007255752,Recommended,259060,9087138,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,plusq,"Best fantasy turn based strategy ever.  Allows to forget about whole world, and eats spare time faster than any other game. Simple UI, simple rules - complex gameplay."
,Recommended,259060,8035698,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Rhavviepoodle,"While this game does have a very steep learning curve, it's definitely worth learning. The gameplay is solid, and I enjoy the graphics and music, but it's really the mechanics that fascinate me most with this game. There's so much depth and customization, and you can even find a modding manual on illwinter's website. That means you can customize the pretender god you play, the nation worshipping said god, the individual units recruited by that nation, and even the weapons and armor available to individual units. It's quite literally staggering. The price looks somewhat steep, but considering it's an indie game with a very small staff, I can sympathize. Try it out, chances are you'll find more than a few things you like.One more thing I can say is that if you're still doubtful because of the price tag, go ahead and try playing the Dominions 3 demo first. You can find it at Illwinter's website, and rest assured that dominions 4 is somehow even better than its predecessor, so if you enjoy dom3, then dom4 will be great."
,Recommended,259060,8575708,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,LightlySpartan,"Unique game, lets you raise lots of skeletons. Really nice and varied factions."
76561197995242878,Recommended,259060,8777954,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Komander kyle,"One of the most indepth stratagy  games I know of. The descriptions of all the races, and troops make it feel like a story. If this game had more production like ROME 3 it whould be a huge it."
,Recommended,259060,8052309,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sn0wbl7nd,"First, I wasn't really sure if 24,99€ were really worth spending for this game. But after a non-stop alomst 6 hours gametime I must say it really is worth the money. The variety of the over 75 factions ( which are expandable throu user created ones) and the vast amount of units and magic are just astonishing. I just scratched the top of the iceberg whilst my 6 hours playing and I can only imagine how awesome rounds of multiplayer will be."
,Recommended,259060,8136212,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,A Dog,Playing this online is one of the best gaming expieriences ive ever had. Find a group and get into this.
76561198013190079,Recommended,259060,8010324,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,oronic,"Simple to play but has many subtle complexities that make the game a challenge. The variations on troops and pretender gods insure that the game is different each time.I have been playing this game daily since I bought it. With each race and god playng a different way, mastering them all is a challenge. This is more than a simple strategy game, it is conquest by changing the minds of the people (or creatures or whatever is living in each province) to follow you and only you. This is truly an enjoyable game that will keep me coming back every time to play."
76561197966050180,Recommended,259060,8159892,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Poukyzilla,"Most friccking deep Turn based strategy game i ever seen. I played the third one. Once printed the rule .pdf for dominions 3 and it was big as a bible, so yeah <deep< stuff and enormous customization and a lot of replayability.the Dominions 4 have a new victory condition and a co-op play,new factions, interface and a new movement rules for tight montain and crossing rivers..."
76561198009782895,Recommended,259060,8253505,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,GabberDoesLinux,This ain't an eye but a brain candy!
,Recommended,259060,9089714,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Squadward,"The game looks like it was made in MS:Paint but if you can look past that then this is a fantastic game. It's very deep but kept streamlined so it's not too confusing, you play as a god which you can customise and your god can be things such as a rock, a pile of bones and a fountain aswell as many mythological creatures, there is also TONS of factions to play as, Lizardmen, Rome, Witches, Cthuluhu, you name it and it's probably in this game. The objective is to control the world and take over new provencies similar to EU4 or CK2, yet with more of an empire building theme similar to Civ V, would recommend. Did I mention you can play as a rock?"
76561198041020327,Recommended,259060,14929601,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jaduggar,"This game very nearly got a ""NO"" from me, due solely to its cost. It is good, but it is by no means worth as much as they are charging for it. I decided against that, however, because how much money a player is willing to throw around will vary greatly from one to the next, and I want this review to be based solely on the experience of playing the game, rather than on the experience of buying it.The game is very complex, and you will probably have to play several times before you are even aware of all of the options available to you during play. There are many factions to choose from, and some of them play quite differently from others. I have probably spent as many hours reading the 400+ page manual as I have browsing through the character creation screens, designing ""pretender gods"". If you saw the screenshots, and didnt lose interest immediately, then you very likely are the kind of player who can set aside graphics for depth of content, and this game will reward your attitude.If I were to seek to complain, two things would come to mind. ONE: the user interface could really use some work. There are many icons which can be clicked which give absolutely no indication of it, and many things you would think were interactable which serve no function at all. It is very easy to lose track of an army or leader, and then discover him again 40 turns later, only to realize hes gone to waste all that time. And TWO: much of the depth of this game is merely superficial. Many units are near carbon copies of others, only a single stat apart, and once you throw them both into a battle, you wont see any difference. You can research volumes of spells, and build hundreds of items, but most of these things will ""come out in wash"", as they say, proving to be mere distractions when it comes right down to it... although I certainly enjoyed being distracted, as such.If you get a boner looking through pages and pages of stats and lore, while micromanaging every tiny aspect of a massive and complex empire, than you are going to love the hell out of Dominions 4. If you want to learn to play a game you spent 40 bucks on, in less than 10 hours, then you will hate it. Its worth a second look if its on sale, but I have a hard time recommending this at full price... not when Age of Wonders 3 is only 5 bucks more, and is easily just as deep but with far better graphics and combat mechanics, to boot."
,Recommended,259060,15837836,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,GayFur <3,"I killed a dragon and went through the Styx, among the mist of Hades was the demon's gate and I had to bargain with the beast to let me go in. There is where I found the gallows end where the bells of Acheron was ringing and the Sacred Heart was pulsating in the wind. It was at that point I realized that I am using lyrics from rock songs and that the only parts of this review that is in the game is killing dragons, Hades and its mists and arriving at the demon's gate.This game is addictive, at nights I dream about the strategy. ""What will be my next turn?"", I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,259060,19884151,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sardines,ye
,Recommended,259060,15512679,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fessenden,Asynchronous multiplayer.Simultaneous turn rotation.Unique units for every one of dozens of races.Tons of spells.Satisfying wealth/empire building.Worth buying.
,Recommended,259060,16727788,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Agent Orange,"very cool game but I would recommend to take a little time and watch a few tutorials on youtube before jumping into the game, this makes it much easier and you get an idea whats going on, its very confusing if you haven't been playing the series before.if you are into multiplayer there is no steam lobby or a gamebrowser so its difficult to find games, which should be in the client IMHO, but if you have got a few friends to play with its really fun.so:+good game which goes into depth and offers many strategies.- no gamebrowser :/"
,Recommended,259060,28087075,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sifir,Best x4 ever
76561198023072339,Recommended,259060,22704068,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Hatchetking,"play multiplayer, the ai is dumb"
76561197970327162,Recommended,259060,9730472,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Myrkjazz,I love micromanagment and this game is the mother  of that!
76561198009700529,Recommended,259060,21602034,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Duke Job,? the Fall30 for TIME
,Recommended,259060,9649292,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Marchwarden-Eärendil,So far an hour into the game and I love it. Its a great grand strategy game. Very in depth but fun once you pass some of the learning curve.. I learn more and more as I play it. Graphics arnt the greatest but thats not the point of this game. SO I recomend anyone who wish for a great Fantasy Strategy game. PICK THIS UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198104361263,Recommended,259060,24977357,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"i love this game. it's easily one of the most intricate strategy games i've ever played. don't let the graphics fool you, this game easily has just as much content (if not more) as any Civ game or other turn based strategy game. i haven't finished either of the games i've started, but the almost overwhelming number of civilizations/deities to play as as well as how much they affect the gameplay itself makes this game a little hard to grasp at first. there are just so many options. tons of world maps and different civs each with their own playstyle. there are underwater nations (mind-blowing) and magic based nations, and evil nations, warlike nations, monk like nations, all kinds of nations. there are several different schools of magic as well and each nation is better at some types than others but all nations can research any type of spells. you also get to create your own deity to play as and they act like a beefed up version of your nations commanders, but what's really cool is that it doesn't matter what nation you pick, you can have them ruled over by any kind of god. dragons, fish, undead liches, stone monoliths, etc. and whatever form your deity takes affects their abilities as well. and beyond all that, the different nations also have climate preferences. some like it hot, some like it cold, some like it in between and if they're outside their comfort zone, they suffer a slight penalty in combat and defense. you can control your individual armies' tactics and formations and you'll have to because there's a lot more depth to the combat than just unit strength or weapon power. some really powerful armies can get crushed by a smaller, weaker army if they have the right weapons or mages/spells. honestly, i don't know of another turn-based strategy game that has as much variety and depth to it as this game does. it's not just raising armies and researching new spells-you also have to build up and maintain an empire made up of several smaller zones and if you don't build and maintain infrastructure and defenses between them, you're going to mowed down not just by your opponent(s) but by the neutral natives on every map.in short, this game has so much content to it, that it has a bit of a steep learning curve, but once you get past it and figure out what you're supposed to be doing, you'll likely have as much of a blast playing it as i do."
,Recommended,259060,21936857,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,XIST_,The manual is 397 pages long.
76561197972843920,Recommended,259060,25061036,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,AliensOnMars,"This game is deep and the attention to detail is quite simply one of the best I've seen in any game. You can always tell by the little details if a developer has really worked on this as a labour of love and this one shines through in many different ways, for example I was amazed to see the hybrids I spawned would have slightly randomized sprites, some wielding weapons of different types, some just with tentacles and mutations, these weren't just cosmetic and actually carried over into their individual weapon stats and attack types which is pretty awesome considering you can field hundreds if not thousands of units and the game contains 2000+ types total.The simple interface also hides a deep layer of strategy that is further refined by your choices. What age do you choose, map, nation, pretender, their dominion (the buffs/debuffs their territory gives out) and what spells will you specialise in? This combined with the varied playstyles that the dozens of factions encourage, from teleporting amphibious assaults, sneaking blitzkreig attacks and dark summoning rituals means that you can play this game in so many different ways that it never gets old, and you may find yourself shifting tactics several times to win out on the larger maps. I highly recommend giving it a try!"
,Recommended,259060,25071619,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Eneregor,"I just discovered this game recently and I think I'm going to be playing it for a long time.Early game is mostly standard battles between recruited armies, but as you get to late game it becomes a battle of summoned fantasy creatures and battlefield-altering spellcraft. So much replayability"
,Recommended,259060,27334121,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,No God here,I try to play this with my friend but he just complains about it giving him anxiety attacksSend help
76561198003483832,Recommended,259060,19326342,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Raziel,"Great game, terrible graphics, this is a turn based play by email game.  Watch some youtube videos on it if you are seeking some go at your own pace in depth strategy game this is the best.  I hope in the future they don't rely on 3rd party providers of forums and servers.  I recommend this to anyone looking to be creative and strategic that doesn't need more than sprites."
76561198023668148,Recommended,259060,19902716,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Родољуб Роки Вуловић,"bouht this for 0,95 C10/10 would do it agenD4 is like civ but with more content and less grafixs"
76561198009222283,Recommended,259060,16486278,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sheepdog_Snow367,"What other game can I have a Wolf God go beserk while ripping apart undead roman legionaries.Here's a quick run down of my current game. I'm Vanheim, a Norse-based faction that uses beserkers, shapeshifter, and valkyria. I started in the corner of the map and had an expansive first 10 turns until I till I ran into an water nation. Can't really take their land because of them being underwater so I had a few skirmishes and created a front to hold them off. After another 5-10 turns, the lovely Ermor (faction of undead monstrosities) appeared and decided to throw it's hat in the ring. So now I'm fighting a Two factions at once. Then something important happened that had unwanted effects.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=466467762This was a Good victory at the time, but sadly this was a victory for tunnel vision as it left a portion of my front open and let the undead nightmare sweep into my lands with an army just as large.10/10 wish I wouldn't have jumped the gun on that."
76561198022411663,Recommended,259060,16951443,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Jexx,"It's worth taking the learning curve ball it throws at you, you will love it or hate it!"
,Recommended,259060,17111328,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RabbiWolfram,Start the game. Create new game. Choose the race of mind-enslaveing star beings. Get a tentacle-faced deity. Enslave the creatures of the deep into one immortal army. March to the land. Open a star gate. Make your subjects go insane. Conquer the world with your lobotimized cannon fodder. Become the true god. Get killed by the horrors that come from beyond the star gate. Start over.12/10 would enslave again.
76561198121339213,Recommended,259060,17166155,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Scoobert Doobert,"Its a tentative recomendation, due to the learning curve being more like a learning wall, but once you scale it, man is it worth it 8.5/10"
76561198038126844,Recommended,259060,16459926,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,QuasarShining,"As someone who is pretty casually into this game I find it to be really very fun and interesting. I can see someone else that likes strategy games putting dozens of hours into this game, even if they only ever play the single player like I did. The single player experience can be scaled up from kind of noob friendly to a nightmare mode where you have to be really sure about your strategy to stand any real chance."
,Recommended,259060,16463897,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,toontaco,"It looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥The UI is♥♥♥♥♥♥The game is amazing.I started off as spear chucking zulus on the side of the map, made some black guy my prophet, and in the next turn he died and I rage quit.Then I play as some human guys and they sucked balls and I quit after independants killed my God without harming any of my troops, some how.I waged war against Flying Man Birds with my army of Flightless Birdmen in an attempt to gain territory.My army of tree people held off an army of flaming demons without the need for water.Some adventurers came running away from some woods, scared out of their mind. They joined as commanders of my army, but because they were so far away from conflicts I kept them there. They said that a group of flesh eating occultists enslaved one of them and 3 turns later they found them.On a side note, the strategical placement of forts is outstandingly available and are quite easily to spot where to put.Mountain paths and river bridges and you've got one hell of a path for the enemy to go through."
,Recommended,259060,16803579,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,toastylewis,"I like pretty graphics. I really do. But despite the somewhat unpretty graphics of the Illwinter games, I think I've sunk more hours into Dominions II than the entire Total War series combined, and Dominions III and IV have only increased my adoration. The Dominions series (and it's sister series Conquest of Elysium) is not for everyone of course. No game is for everyone. But there are free playable demo versions of the titles available, if Steam doesn't provide them just Google it, and if the idea of a TBS game with low-tech but high-depth and high-customization is appealing, then at the very least give these games a shot. If you're anything like me, this title will consume every second of your leisure time for weeks on end, and you'll be glad of it. Also, you can run it on a laptop from the mid-90''s if you have to, and that's more than you can say for a lot of other modern TBS titles. Being a god is fun, give it a try."
76561198010555446,Recommended,259060,17600792,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Otis Dunlap,"Lead by a giant serpent believed to be a god, I built an army so powerful the world trembled before its might. I misclicked and sent the serpent and a mere 40 soldiers to fight an entire enemy army while the rest of my soldiers watched.9/10 would accidentally murder a false god again.Full:https://rexiconjesse.wordpress.com/2015/08/18/late-to-the-party-dominions-4-thrones-of-ascension/"
76561198011707701,Recommended,259060,16444626,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Shockonator,9/10 Would sacrifice my dominion's entire population to the Glorious Blood Fountain again.
76561198016933942,Recommended,259060,17083577,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,warchief800,Its as good as it is complex....and i say this as somone who with almost 160 hours is still considered a noob
,Recommended,259060,17089704,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,♠Decimal♠,Best described as Cluster ♥♥♥♥ Risk.Never play the same game twice. Last time I fielded armies of undead and lizard riding cavalry and lost to a huge feudal japanese army with giant scorpions.10/10
76561198053920802,Recommended,259060,17148267,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,chad.sims2,"You can play a giant armored and armed who leads his followers into battle with a roar, or a shut in mage reading over your books and summoning beasts of myth to fight your foes for you.Great game!"
76561198043257962,Recommended,259060,17434369,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,TzeentianLoyalty,"Summon the ancients of the world and create a unbeatable army to help make your god the true god, then get destroyed by same army of ancients and mythical creatures from the other godsIt is totally worth it"
,Recommended,259060,13608871,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,_pr0.jk,"If you can get it for 10 dollars or less, it's worth it."
,Recommended,259060,13802500,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Praise the Great Horned Rat,"This is my review as a noob to the dominions series, rather than a seasoned expertI'll put my TL:DR at the start for those who want me to get to the point - if you like strategic games, and total war with magic + better AI but less control of combat appeals to you then get this.its a deep game. really deep. intimidating to learn but seeing the battles happen is really satisfying. It's by no means triple A graphics but it doesn't need to be. I think the battle graphics are endearing but the strategic map could use a bit more of a clear UI. At least from the perspective of a noob. However everything on buttons is clearly labelled, its mostly the things on the map that need to be labelled so i can figure out what it means.I highly recommend watching a youtuber explain it first. i did and it really helped clear up some of my questions. the people on the forum are great to ask too. Once you get it, its a fun game to play. I by no means have logged many hours, but i think i've logged enough to post this to people who are wondering what going into the series as someone whos never even heard of it before buying it thinks.My interests align with strategic games. i like EU IV, hearts of iron 3 etc, i used to enjoy the total war games (not so much anymore). i liked gratuitous space battles which funnily enough does have some parralels with how the battles in this game plays out. Its deep, rewarding and difficult. Diffuclty appeals to me greatly as i find nothing more dull than just instant winning so thats another plus for me.I still haven't figured out the optimum strategy of anything by any means but its an ongoing learning process."
,Recommended,259060,14170473,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Xicsess,"10/10 - My go to for procrastination.The game is simple enough to play through the first time and crush the AI on easy using some surface elements.  After the first playthrough, you'll start playing with research, exploration, crafting, buildings, and deeper 'god customization.'The races give you plenty of options for playthrough, and the automated battles let you judge your strategy by watching a replay (which you can speed up) after each encounter.  You can make/download custom factions, change victory conditions to quite a few options.  There's a map editor and the randomn map generator is pretty fantastic as well.I like pretty much everything about this game, I wish you could be a little more detailed in the scripts after mastering some basic tactics, and that you didn't have to ration magic gems as much, but other than those small complaints, I'm a happy customer.After seeing the progress from Elysium 3 to Dominions 4, I'm seriously hoping this company comes out with another game like this."
,Recommended,259060,15598868,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"Super strategy game on the market, so in deepth , love games like thishope they make a dominion 5, be nice to see what they change"
,Recommended,259060,14788114,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Solter,"Really a cool game. I am a civ 5 obsessor, but wanted something similar which was new - this fit the bill perfectly!Its a neat game I'm sure I will be playing more of in the future, because there is a lot of depth I have barely scratched the surface of.One thing: find a guide for your first playthough. I thought the guide by Klomster in teh steam community was a good way to get me started - at which point I understood just enough to restart on a smaller map and play though a game (with the manual open next to me as well).Sorry, but the manual kinda is necesary to have available to look stuff up in...Outside of that, great game if you want a slower paced turn based strategy game."
76561197997428364,Recommended,259060,14896724,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,vlakol69,needed more combat options for toops.ie use offense spells or defence spells.Use x spells unless fighting X units(undead banish)but a good time consuming game and a bit of fun
,Recommended,259060,13634876,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LordQuorad,"Graphics aren't amazing, but they get the job done. There is a manual online, but it would be nice to see it accessible from inside the game.Spent 12 hours in one setting playing this from the time I got it. It did not disappoint. It's extremely complex and there are many multiple ways of beating others into the ground. I went straight conquest and almost lost because the enemy had such a strong dominion over everything that I pretty much couldn't do anything.9/10 very awesome game. Wish there were more tooltips though."
,Recommended,259060,13312391,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Broguts,"How does this game work?  How does anything work?  Why is that man riding a giant ape?  That is a giant pregnant mud lady leading an army of giant vikings.  Oh no I've just turned all day into night with a magical throne.  What is this game?Dominions 4 is the greatest video game ever made.  First things first:  The manual is on the store page, go to the store page and click ""View the manual""Second:  The manual is 400 pages long.Good luck you magnificent pretender."
76561198003189088,Recommended,259060,13605980,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Grimgnaw,"This is the best 4X game I've played. As an avid gamer, that's saying something."
76561197969564936,Recommended,259060,13625790,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,☼Zeh Lothiack☼,"Worth the price. Got real replay value, none of that ""collect all X and win an achievement"" crap."
76561198150182528,Recommended,259060,13633168,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,scorpion.0,Just buy it already!
,Recommended,259060,13934505,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ZodGilla,Harder to play than Dwarf Fortress.
,Recommended,259060,13983031,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Laedien,It's Fantasy Risk with Magic. Go play it now.
,Recommended,259060,14074216,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Vir027,"I find Dominions 4 to be fascinatingly intricate and polished, a credible result for 10+ years of dedicated evolution over four sequels, from what I've gathered. I've seen that in series before, yet somehow I'm still impressed here. Right after I got it, I told a friend of mine who spent about a year of his free time playing two humongous maps of Age of Wonders II--something I never expected [was a typo] when I gave it to him as his first brush with the genre--that my initial estimate puts Dominions 4 at about (AoW2)^2 in content. Personally, I relish a steep learning curve: grand strategy titles and deeply dynamic RPG character building systems have been particular pleasures down this line. Nevertheless, starting Dominions 4 I was surprised such as I haven't been in a long time to see I had underestimated how much I wouldn't know.At first I was moderately impressed at the apparent scope of the thing, and I started to get burnt out on my course of study about the time I felt I could look at the nations lists with their dozens of choices and think I could describe the basic flavor for all of them. But then for the first time I looked at my first details about the magical and crafting systems and as ideas and dimensions began to click I was truly impressed like I had finally shifted the top layer of this giant package, and underneath it was still layers more good and integrated stuff!The more I've dug up hour after hour of yet more complimentary game dynamics and worldbuilding flavor, the more I've thought I wish I had bought this game full price instead of on sale: all the more power to the developers if they're this kind of craftsmen."
76561198040723824,Recommended,259060,13535820,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,UncaJoe,"I discovered Dominions when it was Dom2.  That game was very hard to understand and play.  Dom3 was much, much better and Dom4 (in my opinion) is a modest improvement.  There is a lot to like about this game: building your god (I really like that part), discovering and using magic, and researching some of the over 800 spells.  Not to mention several dozen different nations to play with and each of those in THREE ages (i.e. different ages of the world).  I don't think it's possible to play the same game twice the same way; there's just too much diversity.It's easy to take this game as a series of battles: win every battle, beat the other god(s) and you win the game.  Wrong!  It is about magic and if you don't utilize magic, you will lose.  That alone makes it a challenging game to understand and play, and win.  I really like that part of the game.But here's the problem for me:  It is a massively detailed micro-manager game.  You have to check every thing in every  province, every turn, and usually every army (or part of an army) every turn, and anything and everything else in every part of the game and almost every part of the map -- every turn!  If you really, really like that in a game, this is one you must buy.  It is fun, and interesting, and deep and complex...but after a while I find it overwhelmingly tedious."
76561198023367927,Recommended,259060,13770514,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,aries-rising,"Great strategy game, just lacks a diplomacy system. Seems as though most AI only attack when prevoked though. Lost of epic battles with hundreds sometimes thousands of units. Lots of variety, magic is pretty cool and there is a rediculous amount of spells which is awesome. Some factions like Ermor are a little overpowered as they can cast an OP spell killing all living things on the map over about 5 years [60 turns] which isnt much to be honest turns go really fast. If you use a human faction beware of units that can trample as 10 of them can destroy a large army if you get unlucky. Hmm awesome massive maps, with dozens of factions. A trade system would be nice also, or trade routes to protect within ur faction. Good game, similar to dominions 3 but significantly better as far as I can tell. Hope this helps"
76561198064944750,Recommended,259060,13811396,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,rob.keene,One of the best of all times strategy games ever.  Period.
,Recommended,259060,13841334,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Serapis,Get it Sully
,Recommended,259060,14060087,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Reinfa Kiioskii(Alexodia),Accidently got addicted. Lost every game. What the heck?
76561198027059793,Recommended,259060,14165470,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Drakhun,"Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension is a fantastic game.  The basic concept, while nothing exactly new, is fairly unique to video games of this genre.  The graphics, while nothing state of the art, are effective and charming.  Though it can take a while to learn and master, and there is a hectic amount of micro-management required, its still a wonderful game, and a must for any fan of Fantasy 4x games"
,Recommended,259060,13803835,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cacame Awemedinade,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is deep, way too deep. The graphics are simple and the maps ""seem"" small, but believe me, this is a complex game.It is a strat game but it has a lot of RPG too."
76561198031076886,Recommended,259060,13384601,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ZirconiumFist,"With nearly infinite variations, a plethora of factions with access to dozens of gods (ranging from dragons to stone pillars, all equally viable) Dominions 4 is an intimidating game to play. My first few hours were spent largely in confusion as I grappled with the sheer number of choices I could make and trying to understand the stats and rules of the units (almost all of which come with a decent back story, making the game exceptionally immersive). I've spent an unhealthy number of hours playing Sid Meiers Civilization series and while it offers superior graphics and accessibility than Dominions, Thrones of Ascension far surpasses Civilization in terms of player immersion and creativity. The vast array of chracters and nations to play is a canvas for the imaginiation, and whether I'm a stationary God-tree or Archmage, leading legions of skeletal soldiers or reptilian wizards, its always a fun time. At least once you leard just what the hell is going on."
76561198070173851,Recommended,259060,13491598,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Asian Z,A city game that allows dozens of unique playstyles and unique variations with intresting lore.
76561198059536295,Recommended,259060,13506771,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,UD.Sherlock,"THIS IS AMAZING!this game just achieves practically every dream i have for a strategy game, although the graphics are in no way the main feature the sheer ammount of custimization and depth is amazing! Even without mods!Some of my freinds have complained that this game lacks the ability to control units during battle, now in my opinion this is good because otherwise this game would take ages to play, also setting up before battle requires more strategy"
,Recommended,259060,13608410,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cheaky,"Really in-depth, but once you take a few hours to read everything and understand the basic mechanics Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension becomes extremely fun. Do not buy this game if: you cannot look past its outdated graphics (which honestly grows onyou after awhile) or do not want to take the time to fully understand the mechanics and numerous, in-depth functions."
,Recommended,259060,13665942,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,A goat,10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,259060,12075146,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dembara,"Great game, is really fun to play, the mechanics are very indepth and intesting (I keep on finding new things).The only real negative side to the game is that it is a bit price, I would recomend waiting for it to go on sale."
76561197998160992,Recommended,259060,10080410,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Intoner Four,"Don't let the 2D graphics and hands off combat fool you, once you get into it this game is hella fun and addictive.With three ages to choose from and tons of nations to play as, along with randomized maps and community mods, this game will keep you hooked for a long time."
76561198034741231,Recommended,259060,10601884,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Alex Arato,Very interesting game. But the most pleasure and interest in multiplayer. Many random events.The strategy you must choose depends on many factors.
76561198007098206,Recommended,259060,12038292,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Lolomancer,"Fantastic depth of race/class individuality! Something that reminds me about Master of Magic, and that one doesn't dissapoint (don't forget about ""d"" and ""space"" buttons, as i did for first games)..."
76561198015738421,Recommended,259060,12265684,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,mathienski,If you can get over the admittedly simple graphics then this game has a lot to offer. Very expansive magic system and lots of strategic elements make for a very immersive experience even if it is best played against actual human opponents.
76561198098458821,Recommended,259060,11958479,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,chevar,"The game has a very steep learning curve, however once you get used to the gameplay it's very enjoyable. the vast selection of 'leaders' is a great hook. It's fin playing a 'pretender god' and they have a massive list."
,Recommended,259060,13148863,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DiomedesRex,"Tired of strategy games that boil down to Gun vs Bigger Gun?Tired of strategies that boil down to 'I'm gonna get SUCH a big number'?\Tired of games where there are hundreds of units, but only three of them are meaningful?Try this game.  Near-fractal in is complexity there are three different 'ages' depending on whether you want your game to revolve around raw magical power or military might backed up by complex strategems.Prep your ground troops to assault a castle while your combat wizards open the ground beneath the enemy army's feet, meanwhile bloody sacrifice summons a demon lord to assist your cause!It has a rather immense learning curve, so I encourage you to hit the wikis and forums for help, but that's the price you pay for such a deep game."
,Recommended,259060,13339872,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,von_Königsberg,"Kinda hard to get into at first, but it grows on you.  Very deep too.  So many options!"
76561198007624371,Recommended,259060,10515877,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,antidecaf,Pure 100% uncut strategy.2016 and still better than most Triple A titles in the genre.
76561198008827342,Recommended,259060,11369988,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,kicktown,"Oh YES. I enjoyed every penny I spent cause I'm a turned based strategy nerd. The amount of control you have over your troops, the depth and bredth of useful magic, the extreme customizability... It's funking fun!"
,Recommended,259060,9171615,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Shabula,"Very addictive ""one more turn"" strategic gameplay. I enjoy reading the mythology associated with each faction throughout the eras. On large maps once you have amassed large numbers of troops it becomes somewhat tedious to move your armies.I enjoy this game quite a bit, if you are thinking about picking it up it is worth it."
,Recommended,259060,9391185,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,AnimateDream,"OMG. No really, I've designed some amazing gods in this game. Its definitely not a game for everyone, and there's a bit of a learning curve, but the possiblities here are endless. It you like the mechanics of a table top  rpg, or collectible card games you should like dominions. In fact you play out all of its rules on pen and paper. Just see the rules foropen-ended 2d6 die rollsorunit stats. Dominions harnesses your computer to play things out in a more epic scale than you would any table top game though."
,Recommended,259060,9947778,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Maluraq,"Dominions is not a game of fancy graphics and high-speed frenetic action.It is however a fantastic game rich with characters, magic and an incredible variety of strategies.There are lots of ways to play, lots of units to use and limited resources to try everything in any one game.If you love chess, and wish it had magical creatures and sorcery involved, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,259060,10541066,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Foom,"Incredible depth and variety. Graphics from the last millennium. Excellent multiplayer that lends itself to diplomatic wrangling and emergent storytelling. A somewhat improved interface that is still hard to learn.Worth the effort, especially with friends to play with."
,Recommended,259060,10686213,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gareque,"Loving the game so far, though whilst learning something new every attempt, I still have a loooong way to go before I surpass even the 'utter newbie' stage.This is the first Dominions game I've played and, I'll be honest, I was put off.  Not by the graphics, they are terrible, but there's a certain charm to them, helped by the music...  But no, it was by the simple fact that you are dumped into the game with no tutorial (there IS a tutorial, but it requires you to read a manual which you either need to print off or buy from the dev's for another £7-8).  The details are not within the tutorial as you may expect.But, I persevered and watched various videos online to learn more and eventually got myself to finally do the written tutorial which was immensely helpful.So whilst I recommend the game, I would also advise it is not for someone who just expects to jump right in and play it.  I had to watch videos just to learn how to use the interface, let alone actually play the game.  So be prepared to have to do a little work to actually begin enjoying it.Once you get through this though, there is a fantastic amount of depth to it.  Plus, as a huge bonus, you get to play as R'yleh...  As a massive Lovecraft fan, this is always a bonus :)."
76561198006937839,Recommended,259060,11943135,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sarbu,"its a lot like dom3 but lot less bugs. updates are nice, sometimes add new realms to play as. better than dom3 too."
,Recommended,259060,9763050,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,JamieAndBronn'sWackyAdventures,"Dominions 4 is an amazing game with alot of depth, don't let the simple graphics and rather obtuse UI tell you otherwise. There are hundreds of units, hundreds of spells and thousands of strategies to use to become the ultimate god. Every nation is different, from the Dominion of Ermor which kills the populace within it's domain in order to fuel it's undead armies, the fire children Abysians which are wreathed in flame and burn their way through their enemies.Even choosing a pretender is a process that can take 10 minutes, each having different stats and magical potential. Some can be built as towering titan bruisers that crush armies beneath their boots, some are powerful wizards that can plunge the entire world into darkness or make their enemies lungs fill with water.Seriously, put a little bit of time into this game and you will not regret it."
,Recommended,259060,10614440,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,That Bearded Guy,"One of the best, most interesting grand strategy games I have played. It harkens back to older games like Heroes of Might and Magic. There is a lot of good here and will provide days of enjoyment. There are balancing issues (looking at you, Caelum) but they are minimal. In addition, the modding community has some great mods out there for anyone who wants to expand the game."
76561198037493075,Recommended,259060,10942190,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,huehuecoyotl,"Initially it looks simple and you may be tempted to move to more superficially complex strategy games, but in reality there is a huge amount of complexity and flexibility in how to play."
,Recommended,259060,9374406,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Dread Naught,HARD very hard..... but good!
,Recommended,259060,10042254,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Fresh Meat,"This game is very hard and not for the weak of heart, the gameplay is the result of a decade of perfectionment and it shows: there is simply a huge lot of ways to solve your problem: units, spells, artefacts, diplomacy ... you literaly feel like a god.However having some help for combats would be a plus, it is really hard as is to see if your army is strong against your opponent's without a lot of experience of all spells, objects and units involved; which can bring you to sacrifice powerful units on your opponent because you did not know that his units are virtually invicible to yours. Having a detailled combat report (which spell/units killed which unit, how much gems have been consumed and by who, how much damage have been spared by the units armors...) could also help a lot for beginners like me ! Even being able to rewind the combats to assess by hand the damages and deaths could be of help.Also too bad the graphics are so cryptics and ugly, especially the UI and map overlays, it does not help with the difficulty when you cannot assess  at a quick glance the state of your dominion. Having a strategic map that looks more polished would probably make this game more enjoyable and while it would mean some work, it would not necessitate a 3D rework of any kind, just look at Heroes 2/3 for an example of 2D strategic UI that is beautiful, informative and easy to understand. Some ugliness lies also in the anti-aliasing abuse on every element, I understand it is probably to give more homogeneity to the sprites but it seems like a cheap trick.It seems like a negative review but I swear it is not: this game is awesome, buy it if you haven't already, I just have to spare the rod and spoil the child ;)"
,Recommended,259060,10064815,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Black Monday Blues,"Fun times, can be intimidating for a new player but totally worth it. Buy buy buy buy"
,Recommended,259060,10395111,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,devnull,"Dominions 4 has some pretty old graphics (mostly 2D and even the ""3D"" battles are not animated and use simplistic pieces), however for pure depth of gameplay and complexity, this rivals Space Empires 5! If it only had multiple planes and ""adventure sites"", it would be better than Master of Magic. And since I consider MoM one of the greatest games ever created, that's saying something!If you love complex gameplay and pure strategy (without the tactics), this game is for you. If 50 hours+ of micromanagement and very considered moves appeals to you (hey, a fellow masochist!), you'll love this game. If that sounds like hell to you, avoid this game :)"
,Recommended,259060,10419083,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,I AM THE LAW,"Holy crap, this game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥  I cant wait to try the multiplayer but the singleplayer against the AI(which is one of the more impressive game AI's ive seen) itself has already drawn me in.  If you are into turn based strategy dont even hesitate picking this up.  The diversity in this game is top notch, there are around 60 or so civ's to pick from and each one has their own unique units, magic specializations, and little quirks."
76561197992140784,Recommended,259060,9151262,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,anonomouscoder,"Think of the civilization series, except with 3 distinct eras, with ~20 civs each, that all feel play completely differently. Oh yeah and add magic, spellcasters, forging, pretender gods, and dominion and you got yourself a crazy deep strategy game that has a  300 page manual.Even more ""One more turn"" than any civ game. Graphics leave much to be desired, but I'm glad they have focused on the diversification and BALANCE instead."
,Recommended,259060,10145807,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Prinz~,"Just put up a grand total of 70 hours on this and said I've never been more satisfied with this purchase. No extensive DLC, no massive price, nothing terrible about it. An amazing and unique game speaking to more humble times with intense thought provoking actions and fun gameplay. Also, it's indie. Karma!"
,Recommended,259060,10550038,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Surua,"The greatest and best game there ever was. Play at your own peril, for it will cause your mind to asplode, and you will not survive. Even so, you'll probably enjoy it."
,Recommended,259060,12044294,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Gurgeh,"Don't be rebuked by the simplistic interface, behind it is a fascinating strategy game. There is a learning curve of course, especially if you want to master said interface (many advanced commands to ease your play are keyboard shortcuts).But really what matter is the concept, if you like TBS games it's really worth trying it."
76561198077518634,Not Recommended,259060,31192971,Posted: 16 April,all,H.P.,"I really want to like this game, the lore system, RPG, and RTS aspects are truly incredible - they intertwine to create a universe that is wonderfully wholesome, immersable, and strategically depthful.It's sad for me that my review must end here; the UI is not user-friendly whatsoever.  This is made even worse that a tutorial is not present, I spent 2 hours trying simply to conglomerate troops into one unit, create more units, and attack a zone - I was beyond confused.When the battle took place it was really interesting to see how it panned out and reminded me of a Dungeons & Dragons RTS mode or something.. but after it was all said and done, I was back at my usual confusion on what to do, because I had really no idea what to do.  Everything I was doing I had no idea if I should even be doing it!Watch a YouTube video for tutorial - post it here if it's legit.  I'm a bit jaded by the fact that I paid nearly 40 bucks for a game with an incredibly steep learning curve that has no tutorial, let alone helpful tips, whatsoever."
76561198012385965,Recommended,259060,28127385,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Pokey,this is a awesome game
,Recommended,259060,28302033,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Haven,"feels a little dated, but still really fun"
,Recommended,259060,28226171,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,thraeq,"This game is really fun.  I love the complexity.  I played conquest of elysium quite a bit before finally buying this game.  Now I don't play conquest anymore except on mobile devices.  Love how there is so much to do in this game, and I have not won once yet against the AI."
76561198034112506,Not Recommended,259060,20460184,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DOZAH,Du förbjudit mig från ditt forum för att berätta sanningen.Du gjorde ett spel om gudar.Du förbjöd en människa för att tala sanning.Du förtjänar ingen framgång.Du förtjänar att vara rensad som svenska maskar. Jag gut dig.
76561197970435474,Recommended,259060,21947713,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Vargas78,"Excellent strategic depth, rouge-like elements, awesome setting based on ancient history and mythology and a highly rated multiplayer (which i havent tried) makes Dominions 4 a bit of a cult classic. The lore is second to none. I also love being able to design your own god. Excellent music as well.But its not perfect. No automation features, having to move armies or heroes province by province makes the game cumbersome. The micromanagement is intensive, especially in the late game where more automation would have really made things better. There is no diplomacy in single player either. And its not significantly better than Dominions 3, yet it is better and is the one you should go for if on the fence. If you buy the cheaper Dominions 3 and like it youre only going to end up buying this after a while anyway.8 out of 10."
,Recommended,259060,18081809,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Parathion,Very nice game. Don't be fooled by the minor graphics. The game is very deep. If you like to play fantasy strategy games then you are at the right place. It has tons of spells and tons of mythical units.
76561198020586501,Recommended,259060,20004836,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Scribbles,"don't be discouraged by the graphics, it's worth the 31 dollars. If you're a fan of classic gaming and enjoy this sort of aesthetic, the graphics are actually quite beautiful. The game is complex, yet easy to use, and so, so mechanically deep. Instead of annoying, dull Tolkein-derived crap, the game actually bases its kingdoms off of real, diverse mythology.It's so good."
76561198128367563,Recommended,259060,28534344,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,kingtumbleweed,"I strongly recommend this game to 4x strategy lovers.Look past the graphics and immerse yourself in a crazy world with lots of lore and things to explore.Worth every penny, no need to wait for a sale. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,259060,20706384,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SHALE,Very time consuming! good game! Wating for Dominions 5 right now.
76561198020052495,Recommended,259060,30821314,Posted: 29 March,all,TheGrandWazoot,"It's an amazing game with wonderful depth and content. This is one of the best strategy games around. There's a mind boggling amount to learn and unique strategies abound. The steep learning curve and hefty amount of micromanaging will deter some, but the faithful are truly rewarded. The amount of content is incredible, considering it was made by a team of two people."
,Recommended,259060,33509189,Posted: 13 July,all,Just Spencer,its an ok game its very complex yet so simple the first time you start it up one can just sense that its a very vast and complex game that require studying...this is not for casual players.
76561198033937349,Recommended,259060,31350860,Posted: 24 April,all,Und9rCr0ft,"This game appears initialy simple, but as better worded descriptions have explained it appears to have endless layers of strategy that I am still learning after 200 hours and most certainly will be learning after 1000 hours."
76561198133003995,Recommended,259060,31498881,Posted: 1 May,all,Crippling Depression,An amazing 4x strategy game highly recommend playing
76561198012682302,Recommended,259060,33359338,Posted: 7 July,all,btdslayer,"Depth. That is what Dominions # is about. The higher the # the more depth. Dominions is deep game with limited graphics, only little snippets of story, and a steep learning curve. If you like depth, customization and lots of choices then this is your game. If you like AAA graphics and pick up and play mechanics then not so much. I think of the dominions series as the distilled essence of fantasy 4x gaming and have had a dominions permanantly on my hard drive for well over a decade."
76561198001363072,Recommended,259060,31123808,Posted: 13 April,all,frozonion,"Pros: A turn base fantasy strategy game with very indepth mechanics. Its got a complex, multi-branching, magic system. Its got a ludicrous amount of nations that all play very differently. Its got a customisable god that will either get you access to buffs for some troops, higher tier magic, and/or better nation scales for a better economy.Flaws: Game really only shines in multiplayer as the ai can't use magic effectively. You will have to do research outside the game since this game likes to hide a lot of information."
76561198003193269,Not Recommended,259060,19546632,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hellfire,"Micromanagement hell.The game beneath the nightmarish interface is awesome but it's just not fun to be played.Vital informations are hidden, scattered, confusing. Lots of operations which take jumping from screen to screen could be easily reworked to be done in three clicks. Nested menus, incoherent commands.I really wanted to like it, but the more complex the game is the better the interface must be, and this one wouldn't be enough even for the most basic, mentally-challenged-friendly stuff like Beyond Earth."
,Recommended,259060,9658585,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Spook Island,"If Dungeons and Dragons was turned into an epic turn-based strategy game that was just ""plain awesome,"" it would be Dominions 4.Create your own God and play one of over a dozen unique civilizations as they progress from the time of legends in the early era all the way to the days of conventional medieval warfare in the late era.  Races are heavily influenced by popular culture and real world history/civilizations.  You'll find obscure references to Conan the Barbarian, H.P. Lovecraft, Hercules,etc... all the way to Vlad the Impaler and so on.Personally, I like to raise forth a sea of mindless thralls to serve as the limitless buffer for my vampire aristocracy.  Large urban population centers are soon converted into blood farms where my illuminati spies and sorcerors sacrifice virgins by the hundreds for their dark lord and master.As my power becomes complete, the Sun is removed from the sky with the global spell ""UTTERDARK"" as the world plunges into perpetual night.  Crops wither and die as world economies follow suit.  Fear of starvation is replaced by genuine terror of what now roams in great numbers through the unlit countryside.  The currency of gold is replaced by human blood that grows scarcer by the day untl only the monsters remain.Needless to say, yeah, this game is pretty cool."
76561198043035423,Recommended,259060,31016246,Posted: 8 April,all,unclephil93,An extraordinary gem of a strategy game. 11/10
76561198203614376,Recommended,259060,32134177,Posted: 2 June,all,Anapoda,One of the best game i have ever played.
76561197976547488,Recommended,259060,8775044,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Nomarch Ankhtify,Good game! Not for dummies!
76561198104159659,Recommended,259060,15829797,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Lax4,"Its a great game, introducing lots of fun when you learn the game. Highly recommended, both if you got someone to play with or not."
76561198037108588,Recommended,259060,23204564,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,trademark2,got some problems but its a good game
,Recommended,259060,33765249,Posted: 24 July,all,tito dick dickman baby,epic
,Recommended,259060,34925969,Posted: 13 September,all,stephen.d.dean,Buy it.
,Recommended,259060,32818082,Posted: 26 June,all,orochi2k,"Upvote this, or i will cast the BURDEN OF TIME!"
,Recommended,259060,32867911,Posted: 27 June,all,Attila,"One of the best grand-strategy games out there. If you care more about gameplay than graphics, buy this game NOW."
,Recommended,259060,30014399,Posted: 18 February,all,Trucifer,Dope game. prefer this over cocaine.
,Recommended,259060,24305044,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,「DRD_1066」,The Dark Souls™ of Warhammer Fantasy clones also s h i t presentation like Dorf Fort.
,Recommended,259060,17663225,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tough Think Tank,"This game is so deep that it will never leave you bored.The graphics are insanely simple, but all of the units are drawn. Sometimes it is hard to distinguish the units that look similar. Only the small differences make it clear which unit is which. But the random map generator draws so beautifully that it lets you forget every problem you might have with the simplicities.The music is terrific! You play them over and over hundreds of times and it still never gets old.The magic system is very deep. There are paths and schools with over 800 spells! Much of them are summoning, but there are rituals and combat spells alike, including global spells.The units are abundant, I have never seen a game before that has so many units in it, with detailed descriptions for each. By the way, the whole game is based on mythology.I can only recommend this game to others. Discover everything that was not written here, the journey will be exhilarating!"
76561198014695503,Recommended,259060,10259618,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Legitxcaps,♥♥♥♥ing cool
,Recommended,259060,12026308,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,lord illium,"Horrid.   I thought I bought a game similar to Civ 4 and Heroes of Might and Magic III,.  But apparently bought a game similar to those old japanese warlords games, fiting a C64/early Dos.The shock didnt stop me from trying the game out. and yes. the game play are way too awkward and lack the elements that makes a turnbased strategygame fun in my eyes."
76561198002297721,Recommended,259060,11069757,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,The Final Countdown,Awesome Fantasy 4X!
76561197981865403,Recommended,259060,11210648,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ramaladu,"This is one of thoes game that if you like a strategy game that has a lot of options, maybe not too flashy, but allows you to form a huge kingdom and crush your neighbors u will love this game ;)"
76561198028705876,Recommended,259060,13684397,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Baron Walrus von Cheeseburger,Much wow 10/10 very play....... but seriously this a game worth the money and time
76561198072468849,Recommended,259060,8360384,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dark~Fuspa,"An entirely different concept of strategy gaming slowly evolved into a massive compound of possibilities that take some time to get you confortable with, no doubt; but its deep and well written lore will make you sink into countless hours of enjoyment of one of the best gaming experiences for the harcore fans of the genre. It is surely one of those titles that are not made for beginners or the casual player, but if you miss the time when you got scared or cried by reading your favourite game text, this sure is the title you've been looking for!"
76561197984983998,Recommended,259060,8584560,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Xivion,"Very fun strategy game, highly recomended. If your looking for state fo the art graphics this isnt it, but if your looking for deep detailed gameplay, this is the dime you should drop!"
,Recommended,259060,8793187,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,yopdoggy,"While not visually appealing, this game makes up for it with its well thought out lore and gameplay."
,Recommended,259060,8560673,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Perdew,"It's really quite good. There's a bit of a learning curve, but it's easy to get the hang of piece by piece. The amount of content is quite staggering, as well. This is the sort of game that will keep a tinkerer occupied for quite a while. It really seems to reward innovation. All in all, don't let the price tag scare you. I'd say it's worth dropping the cash."
76561198036996222,Recommended,259060,8608762,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Arkhanis,"While I've only sunk in about 4 hours of playtime when I wrote this, I sank in about 2 - 3 hours studying the massive 295 page manual (half of it's just spell / unit statistics, so only 120 pages or so of reading). While the process of reading this manual was a bit oppressive and a rather large time investment just to start playing, from what I can see is there is a game with an incredible amount of depth and replayability.Just from the start you get random worlds and the ability to craft your own ""pretender"" (basically a demigod) and then explore with the aim of conquering. There is espionage, assassinations, and management of your territories. Perhaps the only thing that's missing in my mind is diplomacy (it's a war game) but I for one never have really explored those aspects in games like this so nothing was really missing.The difficulty of this title is steep, at least to someone like myself. What's good is that if you read the manual, you should be able to get several hours of playtime and experimentation before you start to get undermined by other nations. This gives you a good shot at your first playthrough to get a grasp on the basics before starting a hopefully more successful campaign.The graphics are abhorrent, I won't lie, so if you need at least poor graphics to be satisfied I'd stay away. Graphics however are sacrificed for depth which to me, is far more important. There is so much complexity (but in a good way) to each aspect of the game: your towns (buildings, defense levels, dominion, etc.), the terrain, your soldiers (commanders, unit  types, formations, leadership, items), and a robust magic system as well.I could go on, but I already fear that this review is a bit incoherent as there really is a lot to say about the game.[B}TLDR[/B]Pros+Great Depth of Gameplay, incredible opportunities for strategy.+Great Customization: Province Management, Commanders, Unit Types / Organization, Orders, etc.+Very Replayable due to custom game modes.+Tons of multiplayer options including classic favorites like Play By E-Mail and Hotseat+Rich in Lore and Mythology based upon real life mythology.+Tons of Unit Types, Spells, and ItemsCons-Clunky UI, not reading / following the tutorial will make it very diffiuclt to get used to the controls.-Incredibly huge manual (295 pages, of which 120 pages are essential reading) that you really must read if you don't want to spend many frustrating hours of trial and error.-Absolutely hideous graphics, they really aren't good at all.The game is purportedly very moddable and that's something I will explore as I get bored of the stock game as well!"
76561198054487091,Recommended,259060,13423871,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,SKW2,"So i dont write reveiws at all for games but, considering this game is eating my life away i feel like it deserves one. This is game is the great for strategy gamers or people who like slow moving large army building kind of strategy games. It will be semi-complicated at the very start so dont think your gonna Atilla and conquer everything. Secondly the reserch is not tech but spells (witch i thought was pretty interesting). Lastly the faction count for this game is insane, there are 3 eras to choose from at the very start, Early, Medieval, and Late each having a some-what diffrent playstyle, oh and this is pretty lore heavy if you care to every read any of it and yeah I know im missing alot, but you just need to try it on your own"
76561197970375531,Recommended,259060,11950119,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Findus,"Its exactly what you see on the cover, a turn based strategy gamer with the barest of graphics. However there is an amazing amount of units, spells and items and loads of diffrent strategies based on these you can use. Also unlike most other games the spells actually have a use ingame, although it might not be for the faction you are currently playing."
76561198034330420,Recommended,259060,15848182,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,boozermonkey,"This is the best fantasy turn based strategy game I have played. It also works very well on Linux and MAC. The graphics are cheesy at first but they really grow on you and actually add flavor to the game. The fact is that this game is for true strategy game lovers and not so much for those who play games just for the whiz bang flashy graphics and ooooh shiny effects. If you love true depth in a strategy game which also has a thriving multiplayer community to boot, this game is it for its genre. The only other games which come close to matching the depth and breadth of this game is EU4 and CK2, which are different genres."
,Recommended,259060,28107083,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,❋Guildam❋,Great game wonderful game but hey the price is a bit high for it if you like strategy and a bit retro and fantasy world its a must but at least on a 60% off
76561198053073822,Recommended,259060,21331927,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,PaleBlueDot,"Not a lot of other games have babylonian lizards who are led by necromancers from diablo 2, giant baby-eating jews, sumerian ogres, goblin samurai, zoroastrian birdmen and frost giants, let alone each of the above as a complete, playable faction in their own right. The singleplayer is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ because you can't do diplomacy with the AI, though, so if you dont like multiplayer you may want to skip this one."
76561198061613300,Recommended,259060,23991656,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Muad'dib,Fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥and different enough to keep you coming back.  Make sure you read the wikis.
76561198164337009,Recommended,259060,30989124,Posted: 6 April,all,alpacapillar,An absolutely fenominal strategy game. They achieved a good balance between micro management and total freedom. With mods this game will suck hundreds more hours out of my life
76561198121203990,Recommended,259060,33642159,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,love it
,Recommended,259060,33702816,Posted: 21 July,all,Frederino,I can finally live my dream of using a shapeshifting lizardman to promote fascism to underwater ♥♥♥♥ed up mermaids
,Recommended,259060,32907853,Posted: 27 June,all,Comissar Gufu (UC),"You can play as a head of a dude with a bunch of tentacles and take over the world by sacrifiing numerous virgins. No other game can get you this close to being the Overfield. And really, can it get any better than that?"
76561198007984439,Recommended,259060,33775146,Posted: 24 July,all,Luckycharms,Just an amazing game.
76561197987124466,Recommended,259060,31332779,Posted: 23 April,all,tomygun,"I am Gish, the deva of destruction.  My worshippers are the rakshasa demon ogres, palankasha demon tiger apes, and thier simian slaves.  Your virgin daughters will bleed on my altars to summon abominations from the abyss.  My priests raise your corpses to screen my armies as they march across the world.  You will know the hour of my victory is at hand when I extinguish the very sun, and horrors drag your screaming heroes into the depths of hell."
76561198286380078,Recommended,259060,33441755,Posted: 10 July,all,jojojay.martin,"absoulute difficulty cliff, no toutorial, extremely deep strategy game. do not buy if you are opposed to learning.if you buy, you can friend me and i can help teach you."
76561198016742862,Recommended,259060,35052642,Posted: 18 September,all,Kullzy,"Learning curve, thy name is....You won't regret it."
76561197963580481,Recommended,259060,10336379,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,No Swear,"Never trust people who bring candles for a gift, next thing you know they'll be going ""Get outta my house, it has my candles in it!""Conversely, always bring candles everywhere you go.Dominions man, Dominions...."
,Recommended,259060,30401564,Posted: 8 March,all,my name is a killing word,its ok
,Recommended,259060,12927280,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,American Shorthair Paladin,risk meets civilization with the complexity of dwarf fortress10/10 would spread madness and insanity through culture to decimate the world's populations and economies in the name of great cthulhu again.
76561198023590474,Recommended,259060,8189444,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Senator Ijemaran,Really raelly good
76561197989095224,Recommended,259060,7956251,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Uxbridge,Not a game for the high end graphics fan verry good for strategy
,Recommended,259060,8622010,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Caelus,"although the graphics look old, this game is deep enough and entertaining enough that you wont really care or notice that much.its a good game!not stupidly hard that it makes you annoyed and frustrated but not stupidly easy that you dont want to play it. it finds a pleasant ballance between difficultys....but thats me judging by normal mode, you can make it harder (i think, if the difficulty change works which i havent tried yet)its quite fun raising a huge army of undead from the corpses of the dudes fallen in battle then having a huge free army of rotting corpses to troll others with! so this game will make you dreams of leading necromantic armys come true! (although you dont need to be necromantic, the game has lots of mythology and stuff)"
76561198096885327,Recommended,259060,10210254,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,niky45,"http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096885327/recommended/248510/this is my review form dom3.and dom4 is even better. I had my doubts about buying it, since the changes seemed few and not game-changing. but... once you try it, there is no going back. the best change is the manual (YES, you can improve a 300 page manual. adding another 100 pages with every unit stats), but the others are those little things that seem unimportant, but you cannot live without them once you get used to them (note: although for me, the thrones of ascension aren't THAT great. I mean, I like them for the effects and the strategy twist, but I don't really needed a new victory condition. Conquering everything seems good enough for me. but you can still do that on dom4.... )I love this. It's the largest game I have seen in terms of quality content and replayability. and one of my all-time favorites. I totally see myself playing this a few years from now. And that's much to say.a side note: don't start a map with too many opponents (~10), it will last VERY long (my first map on dom4 lasted for about 75 hours..... )oh. and about the AI. it may not be a challenge for experienced players... but you will easily reach a few hundreds of hours before that. I mean, on normal difficulty, I still have to be very careful or I'll easily lose...just buy it. no need to even wait for a sale, even for full price is completely worth it.PS: I have something like 30hours more than steam says. but steam crashes every now and then. and my hours vanish. sigh.PPS: well, if you are not sure... there's a demo on the illwinter page. Or at least there was for dom3."
76561198025394635,Recommended,259060,13669369,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"First time i've played the game i didn't give it a ***, but in the second time, i saw that this game reminds me the first Age of Wonders with Medieval Total War.CONS:The facctions are exclusive ( not orcs or elves ), a bit wierd but nothing we can't handle.The game economics and diplomacy aren't detailed and could be better, it's a bit focused on battle and expansion only. The multiplayer doesn't support server browsers and only direct connection supported.PROS:One thing that is amazing is the customizable aspects of the game, editors, maps, gods and mods. You have a good range of options to customize your match. Also, the units has very detailed stats, which is really good for good military commander players.The battles scenes are great, they are on 2D sprites and you can only spectate them since you can only plan their behaviour during their organization label (off-battle).8.4/10 for now.Recommended."
,Recommended,259060,18109119,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Colonel Mustang,"As long as you ban Amuys, and Vulpes_Inculta, you will probably have a good game."
,Recommended,259060,31724293,Posted: 13 May,all,Vi,good game
,Recommended,259060,31664763,Posted: 10 May,all,Laser Lettuce,♥♥♥♥ING COOL. You can be a big rock. 7/10
76561198038354248,Recommended,259060,32765894,Posted: 25 June,all,Jareck!,Great game!
76561198003018906,Not Recommended,259060,30070728,Posted: 20 February,all,Angry Nerri,What could have been a very enjoyable game for me is ruined by the user-interface.
,Not Recommended,259060,14104822,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Warlord Mal,"After 18 Hours of digging into Dominions 4 and playing through 5 different games , I can safely say this game did not come through for my inner strategy gamer.Major Cons-1- Cookie Cutter Strategies Included - There are a lot of spells but nations are so cookie cuttered into a particular set of paths that it is hard to develop more than a few strategies for a race. Unlike in games like Master of Magic where you can easily pick the spells you want to cast with your nation all the time to develop a theme or strategy that enhances the weak points or strengths of your race. Now, you can design your pretender to cast any spells you want. But this is a strategic game and your caster can only be in one place at one time and can usually only cast one of the big spells and then he/she/it is knocked unconscious. Its not very fun and does not make a lot of sense to me.2- Low Strategic Value/Adaptability offered by units - As with spells, each race has a handful of units that are great at certain things but there was not a lot of strategic decision making offered by the units. After you get used to constructing a line of spearmen who can push back units or are fronted by trampling war elephants/cavalry, there is little to be done adapting to an opponent. I wished spells or different units could respond better to the how the game changes on the combat scene, but it does not offer any adaptibility.3- The Strategy Game that makes you work - This is a big one for me. I don't mind researching unit stats and comparing them to each other. I really dont mind reading a 400 page manual to find out how each of the different nations function on a strategic level. But trying to figure out what spells you can and can't cast and trying to plan for it...and then just trying to see if it is even worth it because it feels like half of the spells are worthless in most situations ( aka, only affecting the weak♥♥♥♥♥caster with a melee damage buff...wtf...i guess this would be only for pretenders), is just frustrating.So overall, I gave Dominions 4 a pretty fair shake. It has so much that would have been fun with a bit more tweaking and forethought, but the warfare is too one dimensional and cookie cutter.Not recommended."
76561198019956562,Recommended,259060,12801819,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,shakes_spears,This is an awesome 'grand-strategy' game. It has tons of flavor.
76561198057061319,Recommended,259060,8803853,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,L0ki,A must have in any collection of games. A must have!
,Recommended,259060,13710720,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dahitman,"Civilization maps & resources + Risk troop stacking + D&D RPG Items and Spells + Rome Total War troop combinations.What do you get? Dominions 4!I played a game for 3 hours and started to feel the burn of losing.Where I started not knowing the map is continuously scrolling until ""mid"" game. Then I realized, I could've won this a long time ago, I stacked my troops of minotars and centaurs, along with my ""pretend god"" and marched them on the enemy castle, little did I know, that pretend god can die, and calling the god back takes AGES! So I thought, big whoop,I got biggest army and there's only 4 squares left to take, I got all their forts.Well guess the ♥♥♥♥ what?They rule by politics, aka dominions, candle figures, and I saw the white candles turn black, and plenty, even though I held physical victories, they spread like communism in 1940s. So I pooled all my gold, hired all the mercenaries, and still got my butt kicked. Lesson learned, don't put your ""pretend god"" on the frontlines, doesn't matter how decked out, how much spells and how much planning you put in him, he still needs an army.Every general can be deployed with a personal strategy, if you don't like to micromanage (clicking repeated things a lot), this game isn't for you. Also you can claim resource points, build a fort, hold it down.If you like civilization, rome total war, CK2 (combat side), dungeons and dragons dice rolls on hit, you got yourself a dominion.I'm still :salt:y"
76561198036803290,Recommended,259060,31692387,Posted: 11 May,all,Rhinochild,Most amazing soundtrack. Should be sold separately.
,Not Recommended,259060,28679392,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NoChip,"Deep but technical, if you have the time to get into it I'm sure its really good.Still, could use some descriptions here and there to help ease the learning curve a bit.so far I like the mecanics, it has a good combination of things to consider.All that said, my recomendation of not to buy this game are compared to the pricetag,that I don't feel really matches up to the experience (even though I got it on sale)"
76561198004512029,Recommended,259060,26825189,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Molestia,Doin review for steam awards. Move along.
,Not Recommended,259060,14735544,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,General Runtime,"There are too many shoddy design decisions to really enjoy the depth this game ought to offer. From idiotic mage AI (given the chance, they prefer to destroy the rotten bucklers of skeletons than bless themselves with major nature/minor earth/minor astral) to unbalanced nations (EA Ulm has almost no redeeming traits, for example), people with a low tolerance for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t will not be able to get into this game, except maybe for beating up the computer in singleplayer."
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,259060,32582891,Posted: 19 June,all,Hyperlynx,"This game has serious problems.It's a fairly straightforward 4X at its core, but this is buried under an utterly appalling user interface that obeys no conventions of any other game anywhere.The game mechanics are difficult to learn and find good builds for, mostly because the information is buried. I can't just look up all the units and magic paths a given race has access to, to figure out how to play that race. I don't know how useful xyz spell is going to be because I don't know what other stuff is going to be in play. I have no idea, looking at a scouting report from some province, that 20 demon monkies are going to be no match for my 30 spear chuckers (or whatever).All the tutorials I've seen for this game are step-by-step ""you should build A then B then C"", and the reasons are always ""because after playing for 100 hours I discovered that if you don't have B then xyz kills you"" or ""because C is really good in the early game"". It looks like not even people who've sunk hundreds of hours into this game can tell you how to evaluate different mechanisms and elements and use them to put together a strategy yourself - only to copy stuff that has already been proven to work and you just have to take it on faith.The manual (which you're going to have to look elsewhere to download) opens with a tutorial that hand-holds you through the interface (fair) and then explains what a ****ing dice roll is. Nothing is laid out in a useful manner. It tries to be witty and fails. It's like reading bad board games instructions (read: nearly all board games instructions).I'm not even holding the graphics against it. My favourite game is Dwarf Fortress. And when a Dwarf Fortress fanatic says your interface is garbage...Simply put: don't waste your money and time.Better games you might try:Any of the Civilization series (even the first one)Rome: Total WarMaster of Orion 1 or 2Master of Magic (if you want to stick with a fantasy/magic theme).If you have a spare 500 hours to spare just memorising reams of information just to be able to play the game, maybe try Falcon 4 (in which you learn how to fly an F-16, in sufficient detail that you could operate a real one). Or perhaps actually try start your own cult in real life."
,Not Recommended,259060,16752859,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,tieio,"Make a bunch of units, expand as fast as you can and research. That is it, not a lot of substance to this game. It does not feel like a very in depth strategy game at all. I read the reviews and though I had some fun with it, it was just not a very immersive game to me and I cannot recommend it. I love strategy games, I have many and this one just lacked in depth to me."
,Not Recommended,259060,14288279,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kanaric,"This is a multiplayer game. If you don't have several friends to play this game with do not get it, there isn't enough content and interaction with the NPCs in this game for it to work as a singleplayer product. The annoying this is that has been true for the past several dominions games with no improvement on that front."
76561198063963211,Recommended,259060,22486563,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,it's really fun with a big group but mind-meltingly boring otherwise
76561198014276784,Not Recommended,259060,33105723,Posted: 1 July,all,stephen,"A micromanager's wet dream.The lore and such is well done, the general 'feel' of the game is great.. but the game itself is a whole lot of micromanagement, confusing results, and meaningless fluff. I love 4x games, but this is not something that I'm super excited to have on my shelf. Granted, for $12, I suppose I got my money's worth. Oh, and those '3d' battle scenes? Those are REPLAYS. You setup your army to do X when a battle comes along, and you're just watching X happen in super janky turn based battle. Completely unnecessary, and rather obnoxious."
,Not Recommended,259060,19186882,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Borden,Purchased this game for it looked stimulating.  Found myself lost the whole time almost as if the creators decided that they were going to make a game only for them to play and no one else.
76561197994810685,Not Recommended,259060,14235640,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,jmor675,"Postive: Unique turn based gameplay with lots of options.  Can adopt a wide variety of playing styles.Negative:  Way too much micromanaging, cannot do anything during battles, very limityed economic options."
76561198009544618,Not Recommended,259060,22699984,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Hiruuamon,"I wish I could recommend this game, but the battle algorithms and enemy boost are something out of yesteryear!  The enemy is somehow able to amass massive armies without building a solid infrastructure, and has prodigious resources rates to quickly replenish its armies.  Not to mention the remarking battle mechanics where on paper, your forces are stronger, but somehow you never win even numbered fight.  After 72 hours, because I wanted to like it, I have to give this game 2 thumbs down.  The visuals are Commodore 64 era, and the game mechanics are even worst."
76561198069425545,Not Recommended,259060,9717050,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Nico,"I've already played to Dominion 3: The Awakening. I've bought this game in 2007.The game was rich but with very old fashion graphics.I've not seen what was new with this new version.As far as I remember, it's exactly the same game is exactly the same !!!!What was old fashion in 2007, is a pity 7 years later.I really have the impression to have spent my money to by once again the same game :("
76561198001784686,Not Recommended,259060,13613445,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Beaghan,"The pros - very detailed, diverse and numerous options for gods, troops, strategies.The cons - I didn't enjoy it, The user interface, learning curve without a good tutorial for those not familiar with Dominions games, some people won't care for the graphics but that doesn't bother me in a strategy game, the price - if you played other Dominions then I am sure that this is well worth it, however with the other other cons I have listed I don't like it's price even when on a huge discount like today. In my opinion price it at $5 or at least add a detailed demo so that the only people paying the price are the ones that will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,259060,10272159,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,void,"Initial impression: gaming like it's 1994.This seems like a really deep strategy game. And as much as I love some games in this genre, I can't recommend this one. The presentation and interface are so obtuse, you probably will not figure out how to play it without watching a tutorial video and/or printing out the manual. Even navigating the interface enough to display the pertinent information to begin figuring out what's going on takes some learning.I would not recommend this game for anyone who has spoiled themselves by playing anything more modern than Master of Magic. It seems downright criminal to list this game for $35."
76561198127004719,Not Recommended,259060,19536261,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,FASA,it's ok
76561198156569900,Not Recommended,259060,23190585,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,RickyRiver,"Pretty much just Conquest of Elysium 4 with better graphics, not worth how much it costs, and didn't feel like they added enough from the last version to make it worth my time and money."
76561198055515023,Not Recommended,259060,13102228,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheQuixote,"If your looking for a polished turned based strategy game, this isn't it.As $10 game, I might consider this a good deal. But at $30, If you're not a previous fan of the game I wouldn't spend the money on it.Problems:-No tutorial-Wacky modal interface-Graphics look like they are from a 15 year old game-Very tedious end game with little in the way of automation tools-Tons of confusing detail when it comes to stats, but in the end they don't really mean much-Not that much depth when it comes to resource management and empire building-3D battle scenes are misleading. You have no control over anything, they just kind of show you what happened"
76561198006647842,Not Recommended,259060,18353857,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Codecouleur,"I feel this game is so pew-2000. EVERYTHING is manual, cant leave a guy alone for more than a few turns or you'll waste resources. war is uther ugly, sooo many layers of stuff that are either un-explained or provide low value. In a game as text base as this i would hope to get a hardcore description so i know what and where im going. a quick video (12min) on youtube and your set, read a tad more and you win your first game against AI without too much of a hassle....i was glad to buy it, poor gameplay.Romance of the 3 kingdom (in 1995) was a lot better;/"
,Not Recommended,259060,9059548,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Will Power,"OK I really liked Dominions 2 and 3. I feel ripped off buying this game though. It should have been called Dominions 3.1! Its hard to see any differences at all. I bought this title with-out researching it because I trusted, BIG MISTAKE!"
,Not Recommended,259060,16449049,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,taub,"Fun in a sorta blood for the blood gods type of way, but right off the bat it feels like Command and Conquer gameplay. Spam 2-3 units, like A LOT, and throw them at your armies.Filler spells and stats does not equate depth."
,Not Recommended,259060,15319198,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Xyzeph,"Ok, I can not understand why anyone should buy this game. To be clear: I love games with so many rules, with a complex manual like that of Dominions 4; I love games like this difficult; I love the fantasy setting; I have no problem if the graphic is not 3d, vectorial and ""trendy"" (a few days ago I was playing ""Ultima 4""), and in Dominions 4 graphic is really “nineties style”!But, I read the manual, I followed the tutorial, then from where it stopped I continued the game, I won easily, and I realized that I haven’t enjoyed it at all.I tried to start a completely new game, setted it carefully. I played it, I won it easily, and again I haven’t enjoyed it at all.Well, I really can’t understand this game rating…"
76561197974929482,Not Recommended,259060,14687468,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,jamoecw,"When I saw this game I thought I hit the jackpot, really poor graphics with really great reviews.  There seemed to be awesome depth, with tons of units, races, leaders, status modifiers, spells, and victory conditions.  My first game I picked a magic heavy leader with a race balanced between magic and combat.  I left faith at the wayside and pursued magic early on.  Magic is very costly to develop, and gives very little back, not to mention the high cost when you do use it.  I switched to being combat heavy and did well, though I was still trying to grasp all the nuances of battle (it has tons of options, but is ultimately autocalced).  the enemy had a delayed start, and when they did come unto the scene I beat them at every turn, though my casualties got higher with each battle.  As I started to clinch my victory I suddenly lost.  I was out faithed, and my leader suddenly died due to such.  so for my second game I sat down and tried to figure out a better approach.  I realized that just by dumping all my points into faith, and picking a race that had good priests I would win without having to win many battles, or develop any magic.  I picked a combat heavy leader, but maxed out faith, and picked the race with the best priests.  Early on I was too aggressive and suffered a lot of losses.  In the end I was a push over in every area, except faith (which i was being very innefficiant at), and I won easily.The problem is that faith is cheap and easy, and there is no way to remove it as a victory condition.  Have a low faith side, and end up dead quick.  Have a High faith side and almost auto win.  Don't get me wrong, the faith mechanics other than your leader insta dying are great.  In fact most aspects of this game is great, however all of it means nothing due to the current death by faith mechanic.  balancing all enemies to have the same faith is the only way to actually use the majority of the game's mechanics, which is easiest to do via multiplayer with humans.EDIT: After the patches it is now seems somewhat balanced better, though the AI can't really keep up with all but the newest players (doesn't handle faith well and tends to end up killing itself off) so I can't really recomend the game for singleplayer use. Mulitplayer on the other hand would probably work out alright."
,Not Recommended,259060,13795157,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Poisonous Monkey,"I bought this game because it stated it was multiplayer co-op. Technically that may be true, but it is no simple task to play multiplayer. It is misleading to say it is a multiplayer game, as for most people that will be almost impossible to work out the network configuration. For a start you need a separate instance of the game running a server. You can't do that on your own machine or you get a bad packet error (and that's after working out how to run two instances). There's no real help for it, so the game is now essentially useless except single player, which would be fine, but that's not why I bought it."
76561198032468880,Not Recommended,259060,15850013,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,beaubrent,"I wanted to like this game, and I can tell someone put a lot of love into it, but the interface is so clunky and the graphics so one dimensional that I just couldn't get into it.The best part of the game is the fight interface, but even that is reduced to blocky pixels moving across the screen like Pong.I don't have enough imagination to make up for all that."
76561198018176295,Not Recommended,259060,15188909,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,keat2,It it a good idea?Yes.Is it a good game?YesIs it worth $35 dollars?No
76561198341305406,Not Recommended,259060,29976474,Posted: 16 February,all,timwaagh,"i think this might be a good game at heart but i cannot recommend it as some stuff that should be obvious is not (like how do i reinforce). why might this be a good game? because its gameplay  ideas make a lot of sense and are obviously the result of much tweaking over a long series of games.however the game does not do very much to introduce you , which is not just bad, its a lazy oversight for such complex games.you can probably invest a ridiculous amount of time to get this game but i don't think its worth it. it's a good concept though. and there are many races. you can even play as Ulm, which is nicefor fans of a particularly famous AAR of another game. there are many options. also hotseat.they did not bother with a singleplayer campaign either, which is another lazy oversight.also the graphics suck and unlike some other people i don't think there is any technical excuse for that. just developer laziness. if you do pixel art, make sure its 'oh my god thats beautyful' pixel art. this game should just run on a 3D engine.only recommended if you have crazy amounts of time to waste."
76561198019014829,Not Recommended,259060,13626816,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Varileztra,"sounds promising, but... graphics that maybe have been up to date in the early 90s and the user interface was less than unfriendly...got lured to it by some positive reviews, but yea...result you can see on my time spent in the game.. couldn't catch me at all, only thoughts have been ""wait... i thought this game wasn't that old? it said it was released like last year (on steam)"" ""god this looks ugly""   ""♥♥♥♥ this, 6€ wasted, not to much of a loss, but my lesson to not simply trust in reviews, but actually watch some yt gameplay first..."
76561198015087597,Not Recommended,259060,15430978,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,davemcglennon,"I purchased this game with the understanding that, yes the graphics would be 'poor'.They are horrendous. Looks like you are playing a board game. Least captivating game I think I have bought. No tutorial."
76561198081499934,Not Recommended,259060,14663229,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,whoodeeny,"The concept of this game is weird, the graphics are poor, and I just could not get into it."
76561197991717645,Not Recommended,259060,15280101,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,jossl2007,WTF? This game was coded on a typewriter.
76561198039814929,Not Recommended,259060,23118394,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DrolDraw,"Well it's clear the game has fans and skilled players, but it's clear from the get go this is a complex game with complex options even before you make your first move, yet the game offers no help or guidance, it just expects you to know what your doing, and even Googling for help just reveals requests for starter help being responded to with ""just play the game and see"" but when I have no idea what to do that might was well read ""click randomly on things"".No thanks, I want a game that at least explains what the options are even if it doesn't offer a guiding hand.Not recomended."
76561197994207205,Not Recommended,259060,14778416,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lex,"very poor, impossible to learn:  tutorial didnt work, help text disapears in less than 1 second, bad graphics."
76561198065494458,Not Recommended,259060,26755593,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Gimick,"Painful   1/10This game is the first to make it into my trash folder, I have better things to do that waste my time trying to figure out how to play something that fails to deliver a single inspirational moment of gameplay.  Never was I so annoyed about buying a game before, it really takes total rubbish to a whole new low.  If you love strategy games, then this is not it."
76561198041189892,Not Recommended,259060,12945855,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Motov8r,"I don't like the simplistic style of the construction, recruiting, and researching of this game.  The battle strategy is OK."
,Not Recommended,259060,28623436,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ryankopf,No tutorial built in does not a good game make.
76561198014969250,Not Recommended,259060,12026296,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Loviatar,"Huge disappointment.* no tutorial, which by itself is no problem if the controls were not so ""unique"".* fairly recent release (pre-release end 2013). Yet is in 2D and could have mentioned that ...* game itself is nothing like those games Steam says are similar.* Im not a graphics first sort of person, but Space Invaders (the original) had about same graphics quality..."
76561198007235478,Not Recommended,259060,23676090,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Internettrol,"Absolute crap. A difficult game (which usually is a good thing) but is has no tooltips, no tutorials (you have to order/print a giant booklet), no starter nation or campaign.Nothing to help anyone new to the game to get exited about it."
,Not Recommended,259060,13769669,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bullgogi,i find this game boring
76561198072281914,Not Recommended,259060,11951367,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,missileblade,Tutorial?
,Not Recommended,259060,9407119,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Vahn Noa,"On the surface, and from other reviews, this game looks like a really fine-tuned, well developed fantasy TBS. Nothing could be farther from the truth.The complete lack of anything resembling a tutorial, the EXTREMELY clunky and frustrating UI, and the graphics that were outdone when I played Empire Earth almost 15 years ago, make this a very poor choice. If steam offered refunds, I would be getting my money back: please, don't waste yours."
76561198058921532,Not Recommended,259060,17670800,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Muslim Slayer,A crapy game.. its like you are in 1993
,Not Recommended,259060,11888815,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Cursedth,"I actually bought this game by mistake.I thought it was the game I had watched the trailer of the day before.But it wasn't. (okay that was dumb)But after trying it I have only one thing to say:Steam, how can you guys, in the year 2014, sell a game for almost 25,- euros that looks like it is made for win95.It might have been okay way back then. But not in these days. It is a graphical horror.I quit as soon as the map loaded.Don't buy"
,Not Recommended,259060,9371902,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,fe,ЯННП
76561198007559498,Not Recommended,259060,12837362,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,xspeedrj,Wow....this game is so left of center. Fun is not an option without knowledge of the series. Advanced Statistics was more exciting than this game. Back away if you are not a Dominions fanboy.
,Not Recommended,259060,9698394,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Saboteur100,I hate it.
76561198007349872,Not Recommended,259060,9583012,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,roger-fowler,There is no manual with the game!
76561198037507171,Not Recommended,259060,9636875,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Scuba Steve,Worst game i have ever played. Go play a flash game. END
76561198072483460,Not Recommended,259060,9667806,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,76561193777516164,Graphically extremely poor. Waste of cash!
76561198030732709,Recommended,259060,19126537,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Bygone Gallant,"An awesome game for awesome people.If you are a mythology buff like I am who also happens to enjoy games like those in Sid Meier's Civilization series (or Conversely Europa Universalis/Crusader Kings), as well as nigh on Dwarf fortress level learning curves, then this is the game for you.- Preposterously deep (multiple ways to play an asthma attack inducing number of different races)- Mouth wateringly creative (A million spells of varying effects and quality)- The game really caters to the modding community. Lots of great stuff out there.- Faithfully (pun intended) retains the mythological feel of the various ancient faiths the game portrays.Let me emphasize. There is no mythological figure too obscure. There is no faith's boogeymen left unjustly translated without all their crazy weird abilities. From sorcerous glamours, to shape shifting wolves/snakes/dragons, to religion not spreading unless you sacrifice some father's daughter at the altar of good intentions.However it's not without flaws.- Civ 2 era graphics.- It's not so much a learning curve as it is a learning cliff. With poisonous thorns growing up it and a pit of sharp legos below just waiting for your to fall.- Some nations can be more than a little imbalanced (Poor EA R'lyeh comes to mind).- Pretty pricey at 'half a Triple A game sans DLC'.Bottom Line: If you've ever wanted to feel like a callous vindictive divine entity with absolutely no regard for the well being of your people beyond their immediate use for dying in your glorious name, then look no further than Doms4.It's the authentic god experience."
76561198003265303,Recommended,259060,19121788,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,LLJK BurntCornMuffin,"You are a god, one of a pantheon of many.  The Pantokrator, your Zeus, has for whatever reason gone AWOL, so like any good subservient god, you and your entire pantheon try to usurp his throne in his absense in a divine battle royale to claim the world, inevitably tearing it apart in the process.Underneath the simple, almost retro 2.5d graphics, the clunky user interface, and all of the strange idiosyncracies in this game lies an extremely deep and varied turn based strategy game.  You begin as a patron god of one about 50 nations, each with a rich history, backstory, and set of quirks, and through your loyal believers, you take out the other gods by converting his believers, running them down with their military might, or by claiming enough thrones of ascension on the map.  Along the way, you use diplomacy and magic to gain every advantage you can, right up to and including casting spells that bend reality in your favor.This is the only game I have ever played where I've had armies of naked women fight on my behalf, made trees sing praises in my name, turned the earth into a desolate wasteland in like ten different ways, stole the sun out of the sky, been a sun with arms, befriended water, and made a knight that lives in a coat pocket that lives on a diet of lint."
76561198195736022,Recommended,259060,19261560,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,brucechao1999,nice game
76561197993910482,Recommended,259060,18916182,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,mentatzarkon,"Beyond a doubt this is one of the greatest strategy games ever created. Is it confusing? Yes. Is it hard, nay near impossible to master? Yes. Does it pull you into imaginary worlds that are absolutely beyond compare - absolutely.Highly recommended."
76561198008754448,Recommended,259060,19077182,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Xiervak,"The German kingdom of Ulm knew what had to be done. After several stinging defeats to the Giants, their once proud realm stood on the edge of defeat. To the southwest, Hochmeister Sangerhausen, the leader of the Black Templars had slowly but surely secured Roskva from the slavic heathens of Bogarus to the south.Soon, these fools would see the light of Ulm. They would see the light of their true God. He knows if you are sleeping; he knows if you're awake; he knows if you've been bad or good, so be good for goodness sake.For when you are bad, as these slavs had been in the eyes of our Lord, he will come for you.He is KRAMPUS, THE GREAT HORNED ONE, TRUE SUCCESSOR TO THE PANTAKRATOR'S THRONE.Unfortunately, His Great finds himself in dire straights against his Giant foes. The Kingdom, however, was far too few of infantry, after having lost so many grave Ulmers by the giant scum.He knew what had to be done. ""Commander,"" Krampus said, his voice deep and raspy, ""gather every criminal you see. Then lead them in the front lines."""
76561198027905280,Recommended,259060,19325606,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,A Bag of Ferrets,"The Dominions series is complex, and not wholly intuitive.With that out of the way however, it allows for a great deal of diversity for playstyles. Everything is usable for some player, there is little in plannable metagaming. Unlike a lot of strategy games, it is unlikely that someone can hard counter you from the outset. There is a huge variety of mythologies that are drawn upon and a ludicrous number of units and playable factions.I recommend this game for casual strategy fans. I would expect a degree of dislike from folks who like hard and fast predictable strategies."
,Recommended,259060,19318829,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ron Burgundy,"If you love fantasy, especially uncommon fantasy, and 4X games, this is for you."
76561198059095405,Recommended,259060,19482613,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Skip,One of the most deep games i've ever played
,Recommended,259060,19734785,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DIO,"This is the best fantasy grand strategy game there is.  Impossible amount of depth and detail.  Infinite numbers of strategies you can use and create.  If you like strategy games, there is no reason to not have this in your library."
,Recommended,259060,19649763,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Fion,"The amount of fun this game brings is huge. How long games are, how many nations you can use at one time if your modding. And the mod nations that you can find is great as well.Warning you need to know how to mod them in manually but the end recult is awesome.On a 1500 provinces map with over 50 nations in play bring so much fun its worth going through the entire game from start to finish. The mod is easily customizable on what kind of game you want to play. From how many nations you want to play with, the size of the maps, from what happens in game. Theres so much you can do, its great!I would give this game a 8 out of 10.One point loss for how hard it is to get modded in nations into the game and testing them all together takes a long time. And as well making maps and getting the out of memory crash cause its just to big to handle. And also the crashes in general because maybe your nations are outdated and you have to uncheck them from the mods selection page, and wait till that mod is updated. But you can no longer play your saved games.Another point loss because of how long it takes for mega playthroughs to be extremely long load times in between turns because the games calculating all the other nations moves, actions, new troops, and so on.Overall the game is fun and at least worth playing once in your life time to see just how big a game can be and how unique one can be as well."
76561198012426937,Recommended,259060,20102627,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TMiR,"You're searching for a game, with background storys like history books, gameplay depth wich you would more expect of an pan and paper RPG than an Strategy game or a game where you can outsmart your enemys in many different ways while also have to keep your self prepared for alot of eventualitys, this game may be the hidden Jewel you might been searching for..."
76561198073745162,Recommended,259060,22133924,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,MightyManGamer,"Awesome Game. But it is literally 95% the same as Dominions 3. But I enjoyed Dominions 3 so much that I think I would have bought 4 if I could go back and do it all over again. It has some good features like automatic recruitment of troops, and some new spells creatures that really add a nice touch."
,Recommended,259060,22145925,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jonlissla,"If you can get past a archaic UI, primitive graphics and the intense requirement for micromanagent and patience, Dominions 4 is easily one of the best battle simulators you can find with hundreds if not thousands of units, spells and dozens of factions."
76561198185936073,Recommended,259060,21672466,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,CrazyGallows,Malazan: The Game
,Recommended,259060,21531655,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,dixon.jonathan,"Fantasticly complex strategy game. I had to watch some videos on youtube and read the manual to get into it, but once I did I've seriously enjoyed this game. I'm so happy there are developers and games out there that don't dumb everything down."
76561198027035147,Recommended,259060,21455212,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,jcraigpdx,"This game is pretty fun. I had no idea what I was doing at first, but the tutorial in the manual helped a lot. It plays like an old school board game."
76561198076353066,Recommended,259060,21927768,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Temppu,"This might be The best strategy game I have ever played. Can recommend to anyone looking for good strategy game with fantasy twist.Amount of lore is epic - I have spent hours just reading manual and planning how to play with different nations, gods and dominions settings.Game is complex but still easy to start; even if you can't remember all spell effects and such - usually everything makes sense. Casting storm makes it hard to fly in combat, or shoot arrows. Rain will cause more fatigue to casters using fire magic.Moving in world map is turn based and battles are resolved automatically, you just set unit formations and script spells for mages (not necessery, AI does mostly good job). Watching these battles after each turn is probably best way to learn game mechanics.You can see stats for all units and there are many. Units gets older and old age makes you more vulnerable to diseases and injuries. Off course this in not issue if your units are demons or undead. or lifeless.I have played this since Dom III and AI is constantly getting better. It gives very good challenge, even though there are tactics it cannot counter well. There are many very different nations and tons of units, but game is still well balanced.Micromanagement with end game and large maps can be issue, especially with blood nations. Much of this depends how you play. If you have lots of commanders with equipped items, supply chain managament can take time."
76561198031754497,Recommended,259060,21934569,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,"So love this game.I have a penchant for mythological structures and this game explores many aspects thereof. That aside though, it is a novel strategy game in its play and dynamics with an intensly diverse set of creatures and a fair breadth of spell effects (there are a ton of spells and overland spells [rituals] but many are variants on a similar theme, leaving still a lot of variation amidst a ton of spells).As well, the coop function of having other players be your disciple was well executed and a great way to allow for a grander style of co-op playing.In all, if you enjoy multiple dynamics in a conquering turn-based game then this is a great game to snag. I have played it so many ways with a wide mix of friends and enjoyed it every time and still find new things to marvel at."
76561198006972213,Recommended,259060,22176389,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,alpine_ranger,"I highly recommend this game for any hard core Turn Based general. For a guy with kids like me its a great game that I can walk away from to deal with the babies, and then come back to Middle Ages Ermor to unleash unholy hell upon the world. Great online community,10/10Would cover the land in a new ice age again!"
,Recommended,259060,19959041,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"Adolf Stalin, Emperor of Canada",The greatest strategy game ever made!
,Recommended,259060,27954180,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,For the Glory!,"By far the most complex and interesting strategy games. No more time for wrinting, gotta play one more turn!"
76561198055621654,Recommended,259060,27537259,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kublai Khat,"If you like turn-based strategy, buy this game."
76561198030908002,Recommended,259060,27031646,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kell Wintern,"A game based on mythology from multiple cultures, so well-designed that you would never understand how such ideas can originate from such a small developer team. Who knew sprite-based battles could be so entertaining to plan and watch unfold?9/10 highly recommended for strategy gamer fans."
76561198072284660,Recommended,259060,27406321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Revan,My personal favorite play style is to equip an army of Giants with the best magical gear possible and watch 5 of them beat armys of hundreds
76561197991156735,Recommended,259060,27365974,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thallonos,This is my go to I'm board game. No internet requried. Games can be quick or long. Also a lot of interesting little bits to it. Played alot of hours and still new stuff pops up.
76561197995336851,Recommended,259060,27436762,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tusoalsob,When you don't need Grafix that mutsh but like Strategy it's a must have
,Recommended,259060,27143193,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Threesome,Endless replayability. Wildy addictive. Tasty stuff.
76561198006538083,Recommended,259060,27139687,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Argent Usher,One of the best 4x I have ever played - a pure gem.
,Recommended,259060,27120296,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cangar,Best strategy game ever played. 10/10
76561198036504065,Recommended,259060,27279354,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Heartless,"Amazing game, unbelievable depth. Graphics take some time to get used to, but it's worth it.Still recieving updates and dev support 3 years after release.Recomended."
76561197972118923,Recommended,259060,27363014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dboon,"Steep learning curve. Bizarro UI. Worth every painful step.I just had a random thought - the hands-off battle simulation is one of the strongest aspects of this game. If you attached that to one of the plethora of MMORTS abominations (think Evony or Stronghold Kingdoms), you would potentially have one of the greatest games ever."
,Recommended,259060,27358141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evl,If you love deep strategies this game is for you. If you like to spend plenty of hours on searching for proper tactics and watching gameplays to learn even more this game is for you. If you esteem replayability this game is definitely for you. If you have to wake up in the morning very early this game is not for you ;).
76561197992913089,Recommended,259060,27210967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Obfuscation,A game this complicated with visuals this bad shouldn't be this much fun.
,Recommended,259060,27178386,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dogwood,Probably the best strategy game involving skeletons ever made
76561198023026107,Recommended,259060,27230712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pycco,very deep 4x-sound-graphics+depth+replay+unit choice+ai+you can play so many ways
,Recommended,259060,27213394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[MG] Medic!,"Like to play as a god? How about several gods? Maybe you like to pit your strength against other gods? Look no further. Despite its dated UI and obscure controls, this is one of the few 4X games that allows you to go wild with whatever strategy you can think of. Want to field a horde of bloodthirsty eagle men that explodes violently on death? Check. Want to field an army of steel-wielding centaurs that adopted the ways of men? There's one for you. Want to cover the field in fire and lava and all the other nasties you can think of? You can do that easily. The list goes on."
,Recommended,259060,27177970,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grimmdawg,More factions than any other strategy game on the market - and its so easy to mod that someone with no programming knowledge whatsoever can create their own custom faction with ease.
76561198028273979,Recommended,259060,26872499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alister,Put in the time to learn this very complicated game. You won't regret it.11/10 - Going to lose another 50 hours to this game :D
76561198006571771,Recommended,259060,26871401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TSEE,The Ultimate Crazy God Simulator - For Your Autistic Pleasure
,Recommended,259060,26996681,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alexandria,"Do you want to see a catfish kill a sea merman by using his mind alone?Do you want to see a dual wield lizard wreak a havoc in battle?or Do you want to be a Ctluthlu?Yep, you can do it in here..."
76561198012587661,Recommended,259060,28515277,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Korakos,"This is a hard and amazing game to get into.There is a LOT to read up on, and a lot of systems to manage, but if you can get past that, it offers the most variety in strategy and puts an amazing amount of tools at your disposal, for you to rule the world with.if you are gonna get this by yourself, its a good enough game, but if you are looking for a deep game to play with friends, there are VERY few games i would recommend over this one (if any), you can look forward to months of playing a single game, one turn a day, or a couple full day marathons full of diplomacy and intrigue."
76561198115068134,Recommended,259060,28342891,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,aryeh2008,The best 4x game of all... you are a god and have a kingdom.10000s of options.new updates and easly modded with notepad and paint. if you dont buy you will regret it. Only thing missing is diplomiacy unless you play multiplayer but you wont care. would spend $100 for this :)
76561197982079944,Recommended,259060,27607370,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,noobmaster,A fun and challenging strategy game
,Recommended,259060,27628579,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xartah,"Dominions 4 is a strategy game where you take the role of a pretender god trying to ascend to the position of Pantokrator, the true god. You do this by leading a nation of worshipers, taking your armies into battle against other pretenders, researching magic, managing resources and casting spells. The game is very complex and not the easiest game to play. It has a very thriving mod community."
76561198032005711,Recommended,259060,27688196,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vizantiez,"Here and only here you can:1. Summon Tarrasque2. Enhance Tarrasque's leadership values and make it jne of the biggest commanders in your army3. Educate Tarrasque in Nature Magic - so it can be a proper supply-indepedent self-sustaining commander4. Make Tarrasque your Prophet! Just because you can!5. While doing 2-4 summon several additional Tarraques.6. And send your Tarrasque *Insert your name* Witness Squad to spread your glory!By the way, don't do it. Really, it's not so smart. And this game gives you so much ways to use yours smarts and creativity - much more than any strategy (IMHO).P.S. And it's well written Lore is hidden. Just like in Dark Souls. So - see YOU DIED one more time there and get Dominions to LIVE here.P.P.S. When you get goats - prepare for a dragon!"
,Recommended,259060,27765113,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,0+0=0,Hey I saw this game was on sale just sayin real quick you should try this game! I'll write a more detailed review later but if you see this just give it a shot. I know the graphics are pretty cheap but it's worth it
76561198120366222,Recommended,259060,27637195,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,un-dead,Best turn-based strategy of all times!
76561198053668878,Recommended,259060,27920699,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Faithful,Best Donald Trump presidency simulator money can buy.
,Recommended,259060,28546390,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,]Pure Blind[,"This is a very addicting competetive 4x game with a heavy strategy component. It's sort of like fantasy civilizations but with bad graphics and much more depth. The focus is on the combat and out strategizing your opponant, rather than building big fortresses. There are many many many nations to choose from (60? more?) The multiplayer is good and focuses on a small tight knit community of long-term players. Multiplayer games are either played in a fast paced evening game of several hours, or in ""play by email"" games of a month or two.Get this game if you enjoy: Deep, deep strategy. Mythology. Origional fantasy settings. Quirky races. Competetive multiplayer. Big armies crashing with crazy spells.Do not get this game if you enjoy: Good graphics, fast paced gameplay, low amounts of micromanagement"
76561198267758648,Recommended,259060,28351598,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,liamjf96,Great game
76561198054073078,Recommended,259060,27003782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Avenger1312,Monkey people? Fish people? Fire people? Sign me up!!
76561198012480335,Recommended,259060,27008740,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Justin♂,Great turn based strategy game with an immense amount of depth and detail for the genre.
76561198037820266,Recommended,259060,28733578,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hmrm,"The game has a wonderful amount of depth, great example of a magic-based strategy game."
76561198050445251,Recommended,259060,28867434,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,acajub,"Fantastic game. The magic system is wonderfully horrible, and there are so many stats I could bathe in them! Plus, the lore paragraphs for every unit, commander, and faction are great fun to read. I've pulled far too many all-nighters playing this game, before I had it on steam.As for first appearances, the graphics may suck, but in turn the amount of content is incredible. Which I suppose means you could say the quality is not in the graphics, but in the stats and descriptions for each unit."
76561198037337507,Recommended,259060,28867527,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,joker_max,Awesome game. Just what the doctore ordered.
76561197996211849,Recommended,259060,26545773,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Captain B. Dick,"This Game is literally Game of Thrones Simulator 2013:If your Commander didn't die in his first battle he is going to die in the next tournament.If he didn't die in the tournament he is going to die of an affliction.If he didn't die of an affliction he is going to die of a disease, which strucks him randomly because why not?If he didnt die of a disease he is definately going to die of old age (except he is bathing in virgin blood, which has the possible negative side effect of transforming him into a bloodthirsty canibal).Eventually if your commander did not die from something of the above, you should have a pretty awesome battleproven alpha male with nice magic items and a lot of XP. You got pretty fond of this hero and perhaps you are going to give him a name, perhaps your own name to identify with him? Well, f*** you, this is GoT Simulator 2013. The stronger your awesome hero gets the more likely it becomes that he is going to attract a transdimensional lovecraftian horror, which is definately going to kill your hero as they are the strongest motherf***ers in the game. AND I AM NOT KIDDING YOU RIGHT NOW. THIS IS A STRATEGY GAME WHERE OCCASIONALLY TRANSDIMENSIONAL LOVECRAFTIAN HORRORS ENTER YOUR DIMENION AND F*** EVERYTHING UP. GoT SIMULATOR 2013 WAS ACTUALLY A CLICK BAIT, THIS IS THE TRANSDIMENSIONAL LOVECRAFTIAN HORROR SIMULATOR 2013!!!I ADDED THE TAGS: rogue like, horror, psychological♥♥♥♥♥♥Srsly if you have time, an above average IQ and like the idea of cosmicism(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmicism)play this. Incredible depth (lorewise and mechanicwise), great community, lots of mods. Best game in my library 9/11"
,Recommended,259060,23509722,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,magumadanos,adding offline playtime counting beyond 1000 hours truly marks a great game
76561198130267687,Recommended,259060,35279453,Posted: 28 September,all,Starlord,"I've found this to be a fairly fun game, it's a tough strategy game that's fun to try and conquer. I myself would find it more enjoyable were it simpler, or if it had console commands availible, but that of course is only my personal opinion. The game itself is fun, hands down.I'd only say that if you're not into a game that challenges you then this is probably not the game for you."
,Recommended,259060,35502902,Posted: 5 October,all,RemovalForce,"a unique game where you play as a god commanding entire nations to die for your ambition to rule the cosmosincredibly deep, magic system that outstrips other games by a long shot, and a huge variety of unique nations and monsters to commandOdds are you'll end up being the Dark Lord of your world, wiping out the sun, and paving the road to becoming Pantokrator with the bodies of those caught in your godly crossfire. But that's at least half the fun"
,Recommended,259060,35434906,Posted: 2 October,all,[C.H.U.D.],A deep grand strategy game with lots of unique nations and gods to be. If you can get the hang of the game it's very enjoyable. I've been playing this series since Dominions 2. One of the best games ever for me.
