user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,259450,17308728,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Blind0ne,"There is nothing happening with this game aside from meaningless trade item updates.Whats actually wrong:1. No factions. This alone breaks the game by it's very nature. There are things to do like trading and mining but these things are pointless given the fact that you can just hang around a space station killing everyone who leaves and then selling the loot to said space station without anyone being upset about the means in which you acquired these goods.2. There is no galaxy. It's just an illusion. All solar systems are basically empty, sure there may be a star and some planets but the only thing to interact with is space stations. A vast majority of the galaxy has zero space stations so there is no reason to venture beyond more than 3-5 solar systems in your entire play though. Also, every Earth-like planet is literally Earth.3. No AI whatsoever. All enemy ships follow the exact same pattern of attack. This is most evident if you alter the games files to allow yourself enough speed to outrun the enemy. All enemies will spot you, dive towards you firing at you while never trying to lead you with there weapons. They will fly by you and turn to shoot again. If you go faster than them by editing the games files to get in front of them they will ignore you and turn away from you to shoot at where you should be.After collecting all the ships and playing through the game I initially thought there was a lot of reason to think Drifter had a really bright future. However, after seeing none of this games issues ever being addressed in an honest light by the Dev and seeing updated that included literally nothing but items the players could have added themselves by playing with the game files I cannot recommend this game to anyone. Nor do I think anything is really going to come of Drifter. Instead of making a game I believe this developer is concentrating on making the illusion of a game.Tip: You can save at a station, exit the game, reload and the station will have 50% of it's inventory respawned!"
,Recommended,259450,9344346,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Nakor,"Tons of potential, but in my mind not really ready for even early access.  The tutorial was frustrating to figure out, the radial menu is very much not clear.  My main problem though is the game is paced way too slow.  My first mission I got wanted me to deliver an object to another system.  Ok, fine.  I figured out how to plot the course and noticed it was 57 jumps away...ok...  I did my first jump to see how it works and noticed the jump drive disables for a 60 second cooldown.  57 jumps = 57 minutes IF you jump exactly on the cooldown second every time.  That's pretty poor design.Buy it if you want to support it.  There is tons of potential here and I expect it will be greatly improved.  This is the reason I am recommending it, but if you don't know how to read my review and can only look at the thumb then I can't help you."
,Recommended,259450,13808641,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,unfrozen.jon,"I know this game has missed its original launch window by a lot, however I am so glad they aren't rushing. Even looking at the 8 months since last beta release would make you think this is not worth investing in as it may turn out as vapourware. I'd implore you to follow the main Dev on Twitter @celsiusgs as he is always tweeting screenshots and progress. As well as interacting with fans. I just tweeted him an hour ago about an issue and he already responded.So far (version 0.53) it is a lot of fun. You start off with a capable, fast ship with a pair of small lasers outfitted. From the first few minutes, without upgrades, I was able to pick a fight with 3 other ships, destroying one and escaping in my damaged ship. I wish I had better macro support on Mac, my Saitek Command Unit would cover most of my controls but it's a painful process on my platform. That being said, the controls are pretty straight forward but I'd like the option to access all options from the keyboard. If I am walking into a situation that I know I may not be able to handle then I plot an escape route. It would be much quicker to hit a key to engage my pre-planned jump rather than click on my ship then click the jump button from the radial menu that pops up.Trading has been fun, although I'm less of a trader. Prices do very heavily system to system so its worth taking the time to learn some good routes and run them. Myself though, I prefer taking patrol missions to chase down pirates for funds. Now exploring is where this gets really fun for me. Since its a 20,000 star system, procedually generated galaxy there is so much unknown. There is greater diversity, more detailed systems and features that will make it all the more fun down the road but as of the May release I already enjoy exploration. I played Outer Empires online for a few years and I loved exploring the 20,000 star system galaxy for years.When NPC communication comes out it will be far more interactive and immersive, I look forward to that as an Explorer. So far my interactive choices are protect, shoot or leave alone. Pretty fun choices but the promised NPC comms system will be a huge step forward.Well thats my impressions of the current version.The progress towards 1.0 is taking a bit of time but the new features, graphical updates and love being put into this game make me patient to wait. Until then I'll enjoy what I can currently play: 8 ships as a trader, explorer, pirate, merc, etc in a 20,000 star system sandbox. Somehow I think I'll occupy my time."
76561197965381305,Recommended,259450,16824175,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Shinken,"So you feel like playing an open world space game, but you don't want to go HAM and play one of the super complex/hard ones like Elite Dangerous, Oolite or even EVE? This game got you covered!Drifter has all the elements you would expect from a good space exploration/""simulation"" game but packaged in a much more casual way, while still feeling very sandboxy with little handholding.Things you can do with this game:All the activities you would expect you could do: Trading, bounty hunting, mining, courier jobs etc.Play with your left hand while drinking a cup of coffee with your right hand! Drifter has very simple controls and you can reach almost everything with your WASD hand. Only the occasional mouse input is needed. Gamepad's an option too.Experience the thrill of a newtonian physics model! But this time it's much less of a mindfluck because it's restricted to a 2D plane.Play it on your old computer! Has constant 60 FPS on my ancient Linux machine which has only 2GB RAM which it has to share with the low-spec Intel integrated graphics card. Yep! Awesome performance!All in all even with the limited scope of the early access beta Drifter has hit a wonderful balance of simplicty and openworldspace simulation and I'm excited to see how the final game will look like!"
,Recommended,259450,14347336,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Spooky Deajer,"If you want to play Elite: Dangerous but can't run it, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,259450,14017471,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bet,"It has inertia!This may annoy the hell out of you, and you've now been warned at least once to know that that means.  Inertia annoys a lot of people in space combat games, but here's how you figure out if you hate it or not:Independence War.  That is all you need to know about Inertial space combat.  This is in a 2D plane so it's a little bit easier, so if you thought Independence War was difficult, don't worry because I completely agree, IW2 was!This gameis a lot of fun.  Big Picture mode friendly!  It isvery controller friendly, even in beta!  That may not matter to you, but that's a plus for a lot of people.  You might be annoyed to know that you NEED a mouse (at this point), but in the tutorial I only needed it 3 times, and after that just to interact with inventory, look at map easier, etc.  Still, just a bit.  It's definitely a PC game, not a mobile port or dumbed down for a controller, if anything it does the same thing as Freelancer did and gives us a simulation without requiring a joystick.I'm pretty sure I voted No in Greenlight but my memory is a little fuzzy on that so I may have clicked 'Yes of Course This Game Is Great And Belongs on Steam!'.  That's what the button says, right?  I'm backpedaling really hard so my memory is fuzzy on that subject.  Either way, yes it's worth the price of a movie.  Whatever metric exists for you at $10-15 for a big screen entertainment ration.It's still BETA, it says in the top left corner, so if anything about beta versions bothers you (UI, etc) wait for the final release!  It's got a bright blue Early Access box for a reason.It's good.  Real good.I would arguably say it's the same gameplay as Freelancer.  Considering the video and screenshots, take that for what it's worth.  If you think I'm a fool to compare this game to the AMAZING FREELANCER then it's 5/10.If you possibly think I'm right, it's (Freelancer +9/10) =  9/10 (-Freelancer)If you don't like space games, go read The Hyperion Cantos.9/10 - Early Access, Beta, etc"
76561198064296741,Recommended,259450,9369680,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,malsford,"It's essentially Elite but not in first person. It looks lovely, plays well - even at this stage - and the developer seems to be a genuinely nice guy who listens to those people who have decided to support his game and helps wherever he can. What more could you want from an indi title currently in development? :)"
76561198016365082,Recommended,259450,13980060,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Demosthenes,"I bought this a couple days ago after reading about the recent update and watching a few vids and reading some comments.. I gotta tell you that I'm pleasantly suprised!I've been exploring, trading, policing and doing a bit of mining also. Honestly I had to make myself stop playing earlier after noticing I put in 35 hours in 2 1\2 days!It has some user interface issues and a few glitches getting into starbases, also its lacking content, but I can see how populating a whole galaxy might take a bit of time. The galaxy is absolutely massive though, there has to be thousands of solar systems, and though some look similar they are all different.All in all I'm very impressed with what I've played so far. Once they fix the UI and make some hotbuttons or full 360 support, plus some more assets and content, I'll be putting a ton of time into this.."
,Not Recommended,259450,21419404,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Snaggletooth,"It's definitly a rough sketch of a game that has potential. I had some fun with it, but that's only after I used Cheat Engine to derp around with with everything this game has to offer. It's lacking a lot of content at this point, and there's a ton of things, such as the UI, that feel very disjointed from the ""theme"" of the game, or lack there of.I understand game development isn't easy by any standard, and I get that it's hard to see your work getting bashed with negative reviews; however, I won't stand here and say ""you should get this game because the developers care"" because the developers really do still care. Just because they care doesn't mean this is a product that's up to par, and this being an early access game doesn't make that an exuse. It's been 2 years. This is a wake-up call, and the devs need to step it."
,Recommended,259450,32162301,Posted: 3 June,all,cdarklock,"This is a pretty cool toy. I hesitate to call it a game, because there's really nothing to do. There's no grand quest. There's no ultimate objective. You just fly around and do stuff. You... drift. No real direction, no real goal, you just kind of look around and go ""I feel like taking some missions"" or ""I feel like trading some commodities"" or ""I feel like mining some asteroids.""None of this is especially exciting or lucrative, but it's pretty and the music is nice. Sometimes that's exactly the kind of thing I want. If that's what you want sometimes, too, you would probably like this game.It is worth noting that the game is crashing for me with a stack overflow, here and there. Mostly in the galaxy map. But it's rare, so I don't let it bother me too much. Most of the time I just play the game and enjoy myself."
76561198065602785,Recommended,259450,25452791,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Antorius,"I'm editing this review to include the following, at the top so it's the first thing you read:I'm so glad I got this game. I've really been stressing over RL crap and finding it difficult to unwind with my usual passion: video games! But Drifter strikes just the right balance, for me, between therapeutic and engaging. And that is a big deal. Now, on to the review.Drifter is a small indie studio's contribution to the space-pilot sandbox genre. It is set to small but evocative soundtrack by the acclaimed Danny Baranowsky (Binding of Isaac, Crypt of the Necrodancer, etc.) and features a 2.5D game engine.Pros:- Ships and equipment are varied and detailed enough to facilitate custom load-outs that are actually meaningful for a particular niche or combination of niches- A very large network of interconnected solar systems, each with a security/economic rating- Varied and engaging gameplay: mining asteroids*, fending off pirates,beinga pirate, and a surprisingly diverse set of mission types- Several flight modes: normal, afterburner, ""slipstream"", and interstellar ""jump""- Solid music, sound, and graphics- Runs well on low end machines- A promising road map by a responsive developer (including crafting, factions, etc.).  Bug reports and suggestions are quickly addressed.* A quick note on mining: it's quite engaging compared to other games! You mine by shooting the asteroids with your weapons until they explode, dropping ore. Running into an asteroid damages your shields, so navigate asteroid fields with care. Modules confer the ability to scan nearby asteroids to determine their ore content, and create a local gravitational field to pull the mined ore to the hold. In short, farewell to clicking a button and going afk.Neutral:- Newtonian flight, i.e., inertia is conserved. I personally prefer this but some people hate it.- Loot including mined ore is destructible, so you need a light trigger finger. I actually don't mind and see it as adding flavor, but this will really irk some people.- Capacitor is drained by afterburners and some weapons, and recharges given the opportunity. Again, I personally find this to be a feature, but others will disagree. Note that there are capacitor upgrades.Cons:- Some bugs (nothing game-breaking in my experience thus far, though)- The UI needs work. It's not hard to figure out and is smooth once you do, but is rough around the edges and missing some intuitive affordances.All in all, this is a solid buy and I recommend that you give it a try."
,Not Recommended,259450,19511673,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Andrew65952,"After the years i have had this game there has been almost no change, whats going on dev!"
76561198060470937,Recommended,259450,17444930,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,keeperosin,"I was skeptical at first about the 2d space sim, but it won me over with solid gameplay, and great trading system.  I am a little disappointed by the lack of variety, or information about the various planets.  It would be nice to do some exploring of the planets and learn interesting facts, or find artifacts to sell or something.  Instead you get a very generic description of the planet.  The stars all look the same, and there seems to be a limited ammount of space stations.  But the fighting, trading, and ship customization is very well done.  I don't know what all I can buy to add to ships, but I have been so torn by ship setups that I have parts in storage that I will switch out to change my fighter into a hauler, or my hauler into a miner.  Sounds like I may be discouraging you to buy, but it truly is addictive and fun to play.  That's what truly matters.Pros:Huge galaxypretty graphicsinteresting tactical battles with good physics (especially when taking on a pack of enemies)Trading is fun and rewarding if you can haul enough in your ship and investigate the stations along your mission track.strangely addictive.mission system that keeps you moving about the galaxy instead of just hanging around one area.has an auto dock function!!!  (after playing elite dangerous I sooooo love this) btw I know you can put an auto dock on your ship but it takes up a valuable spot where you could have something more important to the acutal gameplay in elite dangerous.cons:limited missions.killing enemies is the best way to make money instead of hauling or mining or missions.  unbalanced in that way.solar systems are too similar.  Sure that asteroid field can make a fight more challenging, but that's about it from what I've seen.  We want rewards for checking out the various planets and stars!!no real exploring.  Every system is populated that I've seen.needs more ship variety."
76561198061823625,Recommended,259450,26135281,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Saffron,"I play a number of games like this including Elite: Dangerous, X2, X3, Jumpdrive, etc, but the issue is that, to really unlock the potential of those games, you need at good joystick and throttle/hotas set. Sure, you can fumble around trying to fly via a keyboard and mouse, but, meh, as I said, you'll be losing most of those games' true potential by doing so. Fortunately I have a good joystick and throttle/hotas set but I know not everyone does ... or sometimes you might not be in the mood to do all of that fancy precision flying.One nice thing about Drifter is that you can fly with the keyboard and mouse or with a fairly simple gamepad. Granted, I'm not trying to sell the game on that point alone, but sometimes that helps.Drifter simply suffers from the same problem all space trader games suffer from -- the game takes place in space and space is ... wait for it ... wait for it ... EMPTY! That's right folks! There's just not a whole lot to see in space except background stars and a few planets.People, I think, are spoiled by earth-bound games that offer endless sights and locales to explore. Even ""empty"" terrain is filled with trees, mountains, random monsters to slay, ruins to explore, caves to discover, rivers, paths and trails, forgotten treasure, and, what's more, that terrain can vary. Over here, you're exploring the snowy wastes of a dwarven stronghold and 100 hours into the game and you're hacking your way through the jungles of a ""Mayan"" ruin.But space is, well ... space. While, sure, you might encounter the odd shipwreck, floating cargo container, anomalous rescue beacon,  pirate base, black hole, or asteroid belt containing a rare metal, one solar system is going to look pretty much like all the others. Even if an ambitious Dev sat down and hand crafted tens of thousands of planets to place in thousands of solar systems, would you notice the difference from one planet to the next?Or would you, like many others, simply whine about how all the systems are the same and there's really no point to exploring?Space games require a bit more imagination than the standard game because you really have to immerse yourself in the idea of BEING there in order for any space game to be truly fun. Even a game as epic and visually stunning as Elite: Dangerous requires that mentality.Yeah, the Drifter dev could stand to sprinkle some surprises around the various systems, that much is true ... and maybe he has. I haven't been everywhere. The best thing the dev could do is make his universe a bit more dynamic. But many of the thumbs down boos I've seen have resulted in the standard ""no duh"" complaints from people who only play games to beat them as fast as they can, some shamelessly admitting to using exploits, bugs, and file alterations to do so.Now ... seriously ... where's the fun in that?  It's a bit like saying, ""The game is horrible because I can get rich doing the same mission running freight between the same two star systems 500 times. There's no reason to go anywhere else!""  Well, yeah, but if that's really how and why you play computer games, perhaps you need a new hobby like, say, solving quadratic equations or something. Ya know?Drifter isn't perfect but it is fun. If you're one of those players who are only interested in logging in, going right for the throat of the game, beating it, and moving on to the next game, then it might not be for you. But if you're like me and enjoy fiddling around with games, smelling the roses, playing the hell out of a game until you've squeezed every last drop of possible enjoyment out of it (and then coming back to it a year later for even more enjoyment) you'll almost certainly enjoy Drifter."
,Not Recommended,259450,14700587,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,K!netic,"I'm going to sound like an old man, but this game has tried (and totally failed) to be like Freelancer, a game over a decade old which did a much better job with every aspect of space combat, travel, mercantilism, politics, and graphics.The UI is painful. Lots of ""undefined"" stuff, horrific clashing colors, unclear buttons and needing to navigate all over the place just to be able to buy goods or leave a space station. Not to mention scrollbars which use mac-style scrolling (where scrolling down [towards you] moves the bar up). I know it's early access, but this isn't unfinished - this is heading in absolutely the wrong direction. I understand that many amateur develops treat UI as the last 10% of the game, but those are the UI that end up being *bad*, like this one.The idea of confining a space game to a 2d plane is different, and it simplifies a lot - making the inertia and general navigation easier to follow. But after a few minutes it just feels restrictive - every system only has a couple planets and a sun, so you wind up just going to one or two points in every system, then leaving. You feel like it should be some kind of turn-based game, because it just doesn't have the freedom necessary for real time.I really do hate to be this critical, I want to like the game. I would just never recommend it to anyone."
76561198085478794,Recommended,259450,15645037,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Old Bacon Eater,"Now, I saw one or two make mention that this game was trying to be Freelancer or Privateer. All right, maybe it is trying to get that in there a little bit.And yes, the flight and combat is only along two dimensions and therefore is a bit flat (I am so sorry, I wasn't thinking when I wrote that....).But I have to say, for an early access, I actually rather like this. Sure, you won't make a huge gob of cash without a lot of work and all, but for myself... well, it's like this.1) I rather like the graphics setup, particularly the slipstream. It's quite nice, and heck, I'm running on a lappy with ""inferior"" graphics capabilities. So hey, that has to be worth something.2) I am REALLY digging the soundtrack. I'm hoping the developers will make it part of the DLC content (gimme gimme nau....) if they don't release it on general principle. (Big hunt devs!)3) The controls are fairly straightforward honestly. Mind, it would be nice if text tags came up as you mouse over the radial menu, but that's just a polite suggestion.I look forward to seeing how this one progresses. Nice one, devs. Good on ya."
76561198117969843,Not Recommended,259450,23492425,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,AFoxInAviators,"Drifter was a little game I picked up awhile back. And I don't recommend it right now, for a few reasons.ProsThe drifting mechanic is pretty cool.ConsSuper confusing, and the tutorial barely tells you half of what you need to knowIcons don't have descritions when hovered overNo form of smaller jets on your craft to say, change direction without just pointing your nose that way and gunning itGetting around the massive solar systems, even with slipstream, takes an age and a halfThe maps are extremely hard to use, as you can't click anywhere on the map to zoom on that point, it has to be an actual planet, star ect.So far the game is both incredibly bare-bones and incredibly confusing.Having a drifting mechanic with no method of lock-on to keep your ship pointing at an enemy makes it hard to do anything other than drive at them head on blasting your guns. This turns combat into more of a joust with only the guy with better shields winning.Your ship is stuck on a 2D plane. You can't fly up or down at all.No cockpit view.You could blame me just not fully understanding the game, but the parts I do understand at least basically (the main problem is the game desribes 0 things in the tutorial outside of flying your ship, which is basically WASD and space...) make the game (that's been in development4 YEARS!!!) feel like an early alpha demo.I bought this game cause it had inertia. I should have saved my money and bought Enemy Starfighter, cause that was basically this, with more content, better combat, a better inertia system (there's a key to enable drifting, cause in that universe people realised it was stupid to just let ships drift around all the time)  and on a 3D plane instead, with a cockpit view."
,Recommended,259450,33356441,Posted: 7 July,all,linuxpunk,"Promising space sandbox.Drifter is a nice, simple 2.5D space trading, mining and fighting game. The graphics are simple but work really well, and the game can be played in low specs computer (it runs great on my laptop with intel HD ). The core of the game is trading, which is well implemented, including variating prices of commodities across sectors.Combat is nice and really satisfying, but limited by the 2.5D aspect of the game. Still, I find it fast, engaging and fun. The various types of weapons and missiles, as well as the need to have a powerful enough engine to power your lasers and shields, help to keep it interesting.There's a lot to do in game already (missions, mining, trading, pirating, upgrading your ship), but the game is on early access and it still lacks content (more missions, factions, a reputation system, consequences for pirating, NPCs, all in the dev's roadmap), sobeware, buy this game in it's current state if you want to try it and help the dev, but don't expect a finished product yet.I really like of this game both the graphic style and how simple it is. I like how the stations are made (basically 2D menus with a 3D render as background, but really well implemented), and the models of the spaceships and stations are really cool imo.The galaxy is huge, and you can ""jump"" between sectors or use 3 different movement types within sectors (cruise speed, boosters or slipstream —a type of warpspeed).In sum, Drifter is a great work in progress, totally worth a run in it's current state, but you might want to look elsewhere if you want a complex, full 3D spacesim or a finished product.I appreciate the Linux support"
,Not Recommended,259450,19786854,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tasker 2016,"Vaporware.UPDATE:  6 months later, this game is still vaporware.UPDATE 2: Another 6 months later, still vaporware.You've been warned."
76561197990326852,Recommended,259450,28122972,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,saljh00n,"My very first Early Access purchase and my God has it been a ride so far13 years ago I remember, out came Freelancer. Game where you were exploring (for it's time) VERY big space environment, with loads of different worlds and star systems, planets to land, almost every station had a bar where you could take on different jobs or just follow main storyline, which had pretty good story. Not jawdropping, but it kept you playing nontheless. Hundreds of different ships, weapons and other equipment. It also had one of the most memorable multiplayer experiences I've been a part of. With great community and thousands of players. Best feature of the game were mods. Tweaking your engine to be 20 times more powerful, getting weapons that could destroy any battleship in seconds, getting one same battleship yourself... I loved it. It kept calling me back for years. Nowadays, when I play Freelancer, looking back I realize it had one simple flaw which kept it from being on my top 3 list of best games I've ever played - it was repetitive. Missions were same altogether, not much variety. You could go and blast civilian ships and become a pirate, or help armed forces to get rid of pirates and gain some reputation depending which side you choose, but that was about it. There was not much variety in trading either, not if you were playing solo campaign. Only multiplayer kept me coming back. It wasn't best game I've ever played, but I'll surely remember it forever.Over following years, my hunger for space exploration grew stronger. I've tried a lot of other space sims. X3 Series were too complicated, EVE was restricted to multiplayer only and had monthly subscription, Starport Gemini was not what I was looking for either. When Elite Dangerous came out, I bought it and played it for quite a while, before I grew bored. Although it's still fantastic space simulation, I wanted something a bit more casually oriented. No Man's Sky turned out to be a flop, so I started looking after indie developers. Generally I tend to avoid Early Access titles, because sheer idea of playing game which is still in development seemed somehow unappealing to me. Little did I knew how wrong I was.Drifter came to my attention after browsing through store and it seem really great, despite being only in EA. I decided I'll buy it, worst that can happen is requesting a refund I said to myself. Couple of days later... Just wow. I am impressed how much had already been done. Enemy encounters can be very suspense at beginning and you need to grasp concept on how different ships respond to you. These dogfights are awesome, and although being in 2D (or is it 2.5D? IDK :D ) fights can offer you great amount of fun. Hunting down pirates is very well done, although sometimes you have to restart the game in order for bad guys to respawn I think. Just after few hours, I salvaged 5 Dark Matter Reactors, sold 4 of them and acquired Egret. Ship that has most weapon hardpoints, bought 4 gamma beams, all top equipment and now I'm destroying civilian Odysseys and other ships that come to my way, salvage their cargo and selling it on stations. There is no police or armed forces or any other type of Interstellar Security™ to stop you or issue bounty on your head, at least for now. I have some 6M credits and ATM I'm headed through center of galaxy to other end of star map. I want to see if there's any populated systems or group of systems in the most remote parts of my galaxy.So, game being as it is, it's still in development. It crashed few times, mainly when I opened star map. Game has tendency to bug out at this point. I was browsing through some systems that are on the very edge of galaxy, tried to plot route to them and then it crashed. Had to delete existing save game and make a new one. Enemy AI is questionable, sometimes they stand still, not doing Jack or Jill and you can kill them easily. Highest bounty I've received for a pirate was 19k, their equipment stays same, so do their ships. Stations all have same layouts for different things you can do at them. Factions also need to be added urgently and building stations in later updates. I've seen supercomputers and station parts being sold on markets, maybe they can be used for building your own mining empire, or pirate outpost, or trading company... Man, it makes me dizzy when I think how much can this game still get in future updates.Can I recommend it? Absolutely! You will need more imagination to really immerse yourself into universe of this game and it does not have a tutorial other than how controls work. But if you can make some logical conclusions on how ship menu works when you click on it, you'll get a hang on it pretty soon. There is not so much of a content yet, as it's still in development, but I've spoken with dev and he said we can expect some mayor update in following week or two, before they can finally release full version of this gem. You should definitely try it. Despite still being in beta, it can already keep you busy for hours, as it did with me :)EDIT (8.1.2017): Still eagerly and patiently waiting for next promised update. Just checking back in for a little. Hope you're gonna deliver it soon :)"
,Not Recommended,259450,17584534,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Tag Wolf,"Trailer is a bit misleading in my opinion, especially at the end. They are hinting at planetory exploration, but potential buyers should be aware that this game is 2d. There is no way to change the Z axis.Now if this is something they are hinting at implementing due to it being early access, I think that this has potential. We'll have to see how it goes.In it's current state though it didn't capture my attention."
76561198041966258,Not Recommended,259450,20965293,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Why? - fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckd up,"Do not buy this game. Save your money and buy Elite:Dangerous, or Escape Velocity. This game will never be finished and just looks terrible. Do not buy.And I never review games."
76561197987363382,Not Recommended,259450,31611884,Posted: 7 May,all,Ripper3222,"I bought this game AGES AGO! It looked like it might shape up to be a Privateer type of game. It's boring, it's never going to make full release and the updates are sporadic at best. This game was one of three that made me stop buying early access."
,Not Recommended,259450,16949436,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,zedmelody,"I'm reviewing version 0.6.1:I wouldn't recommend the game in this ""Early Access"" status.Pros:-interesting to see how the game works-different ships, few weapons and other ship-upgrades-space-fight is kind of funny (because it's not really hard)cons:-UI (menus, space station,...) are ok, but sometimes you have to go through so many menus for easy repetitive tasks like selling stuff, buying stuff,..)-no space stations or other things in more than 90% of the galaxy. so there's no point in exploring right now beside mining, space-fight and a few missions (also space-fight or flying from A to B)This game feels like a like an (rough) idea and reminds me of the game ""galaxy on fire"". I hope the Dev will do something with it. I'll look at it again in 2 years."
76561197969314294,Recommended,259450,28435220,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kraken,"Excellent sandbox space game for the time poor - you can get a lot done in a short space of time, and the gameplay is streamlined so things like travel, docking etc. are very quick and easy.  Playable with keyboard but recommend dual analalogue gamepad."
76561197992928723,Recommended,259450,9511316,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Velks Suisonic,"At the time I am writing this review, I have no gameplay time what so ever.  This is a review of the Dev himself, and the interactions ive seen and the one that Ive had.  Many times I have said to myself "" No more early access games "" for the simple fact that Devs dont seem to react or even care how the fanbase feels about the game.Example: (http://store.steampowered.com/search/?developer=3000ADhttp://steamcommunity.com//id/cirruspaxton/recommended/285670/) The Dev of 3000AD removes bad reviews and bans players for being ""Trolls"" for saying negitive anything about his games.  But from what Ive seen, this will be different.  When I play Drifter, Love it, Hate it, I know that my opinion will matter.  This review is not meant to tell you about the game, you know if its you type of game already before looking at the reviews.  The team behind the game can be just as important as the gameplay itself, thats why I bought it, Thats why this game gets my Thumbs up, becuase i Support the Team behind Drifter!Correction : Had to use the game for 5 mins before I could review it =P"
,Recommended,259450,24755558,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Tanvaras -SPG Walords DLC is out,"Update June 2017: On sale currently on Steam Summer Sale, Great little game by one person Dev Team, worth the addition to any space gamers collection. Colin updates the game often and is always on the forums for the players questions.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Drifter - Very small Indie team, but I really find Drifter to be quite enjoyable to play. Currently in Alpha/Early Access but the gamer is quite playable with many ways to play, Pirate, Miner, Trader, and anything inbetween.The game reminds me of the early days of Elite which is a good thing, as that game was down right addictive. Drifter is one of those game you can pick up and play for 5 minutes or 5 hours and get somewhere regardless of time sunk into the game.Controls are simple, but this is a good thing. Game doesnt need a PHD in Astro Physics to get into the game and start playing, a few minutes doing the beginner tutorial and you will be away.At its current state of Early Access, I can recommend Drifter, if Space gaming is your Genre."
76561198061380472,Recommended,259450,23337706,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,LHookins,"I have been playing this game a lot and dearly loving it.Drifter is still in ""Early Access"" at this time, which basically means it's in beta.   I'm playing version 0.6.3.  Even though it's in beta it's surprisingly bug-free, but not every feature intended for the final game is implemented yet.  That's ok, the game is actually quite complete as it is.  More content and additional features are just icing on the cake.  While there are some glitches, most are minor and generally just cosmetic.  Expect subsequent versions of the game to be improved.A lot of this game's depth isn't obvious on the surface when you first look at it.  While the enemy AI seems overly simplistic at first, eventually you'll see the enemy ships doing other things.  Instead of just performing a slash attack, they'll turn and run if they think they're being overwhelmed, for example.  And while it's easy to fight just one enemy, you can get into situations where you are facing a lot of bad guys at once, which can get pretty challenging.The game is well balanced, with simple missions to get you started, and more difficult missions after you learn your way around.  These aren't labelled as to which are easy and which are hard, you get a variety of missions from the very start and you'll have to pick and choose what you're comfortable with.You have a good variety of ships to try out (there are 13 currently in the game) but some are better than others and you'll quickly find your favorites.There are a lot of weapon and equipment upgrades as well, and sometimes buying even a single upgrade changes the nature of how you fight battles or even just fly around.Trading is well implemented, with a lot of different types of systems with varying prices of goods, and there is a major metagame involved in finding good items to trade and good trade runs. While trading isn't useful in the early game, once you've made enough money to buy lots of expensive trade goods, you can make more money in trading than you can killing bad guys, even with a smaller ship.I've written a detailed guide, available in the Guides section, that describes everything I've found that you can do and how to do it.  It has a lot more information than what I could fit into a review.  Check it out.Be sure to check out the various gameplay videos.  They'll tell you very quickly if Drifter is something you'd like.Drifter is a fairly simple game, with lots of stuff to do if you go looking for it.  If you want a more complete and complex Space Game experience, check out Elite: Dangerous.  Right now, Drifter is quite enough for me.Loving this game!"
,Recommended,259450,22270211,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Incandescent Starfish Overlord,"One of the better indie games I've played.It certainly can scratch that space trading itch, and the sheer size is mindblowing.I can't wait till this hits Vita, it will be an instant purchase. As for now, definitely check it out. It's a great game."
76561198029752505,Recommended,259450,10054226,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,lolwaring,"I love this game and yet there is so much more to come.Still in early development it has a bit to offer now and tons in the pipeline. The largest map I have ever seen.This game is massive in it's exploring, filled with massive potential and will no doubt be massive in sales when it is finally finished.As someone once said to a prospective employee during an interview in the very, very early days of Google, ""Don't be an idiot, get on board the rocket ship""."
76561198003928592,Recommended,259450,11001237,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Heroin Bob,"This game is fun!  The biggest universe, many things to do.  Kill, trade, mine, blow up pirates or blow up asteroids and process ore.  Devs are with the community.  In this alpha stage much of the game is still in the future, but it is very well made and it is keeping me from doing anything else for a while.  Must be the space combat addiction."
,Recommended,259450,21865126,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rex,"While this game is still in early access I enjoyed it very much. If you enjoy games that are slow at first and then get a lot more fun as you play on, this game is for you. It is still a little buggy at points but it really doesn't take away from the overall gameplay. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,259450,33808692,Posted: 26 July,all,corumeach,"This game was recommended to me as a very promising space trader game with focus on trading and exploration, not on combat. And it would have realistic dimensions/physics.What I get after buying it is a simplistic game with a clumsy UI, medirocre graphics, a trading systems that was state of the art in the early 80s, strange controls, a ship that can only fly along a 2d plane, a ship that seemingly has no steering/braking thrusters (at least not visually) and after making my first 2 jumps I get easily blown to bits by a pirate ship.The game feels like a prototype made by a gaming engineer student in his spare time. Graphics are completely ok, though nothing special here. But all other gaming aspects don't deliver. This game cannot be played without constantly duelling pirate ships, trading is micro-management (you don't have a universal stock exchange where you can see which system needs a certain product), you just have to go there, check the prices and remember them, then buy cheaper goods somewhere else and come back. If you buy and immediately resell goods in one spot, they return you the very same price you paid. Where in the world would someone do that?Sorry, but this is not ging anywhere. 12 € is way too much for this.I like the star map though and the way you search for systems and plot courses. But manually making several jumps in a row, having a 1minute cooldown in between every jump where you get attacked by pirates (even in rather safe systems), is not what I was lookign for."
,Recommended,259450,13928689,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Caconym,"This game is absolutely marvelous. I spend hours just exploring and shooting at stuff with the starter ship when I bought the game. There are very few cons with the game. While I've had some issues with the mouse pointer, that was a hardware issue with my computer, so the game isnt to blame. I especially love the music, and the playstyle, which is reminiscent of Red Nova, another one of Celcius Studio's games, which I spend hours upon hours on. Even though development is slightly slow, I have to say that it's worth it, as intead of rushing content and features in and then leaving them buggy, they take their time and make sure everything is a masterpiece.PS - don't be fooled by my 0.4h; I played most of it while offline, so Steam did not record anything."
76561197967734481,Recommended,259450,14088576,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Here's20BucksKillMe,I bought this game and played for maybe an hour and had a hard time figuring out how to do much of anything.  After watching some tutorials on youtube I came back and started a new game and quickly got the hang of it.  I played almost all weekend and I am now a huge fan.  This game has immense potential and even in its very raw form is a lot of fun.  If you enjoyed Freelancer then you will like this game if you give it enough time to figure out how to play it.  I highly recommend.  This is one of the best games I've played in a long time.
76561198018215191,Recommended,259450,26147247,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,turnerd20,"this game is being updated regularly again and has plenty to do for an early access game, so long as it keeps going in the right direction this game will be amazing"
,Recommended,259450,9367193,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Drow Ranger,"Great potential and the direction it's heading is a good one. It's a bit basic and the tutorial lacks alot of needed information. And there isn't really alot on the wiki or youtube or anywhere for that matter. Which is refreshing to find things out to a point but the amount you have to figure out is a bit overwhelming. Mining is probably one of the most fleshed out features i've delved into so far. Which is pretty basic. But the idea is there and I can see where it will go as far as using resources to craft things. Combat is a little tricky and same with movement. I like the authenticity that you don't just stop moving or slow down when you let off the gas, since there is nothing to slow you down. But there is a velocity cap which is counter-intuitive to that Idea of interia. I think it would benefit from always trying to go back to 0m/s when not holding a direction. Some things like starsystem scale and distances and actual velocitys are off. But that is very minor and doesnt actually affect the gameplay. More of an asthetics things. Right now the choice of ships is limited and very unbalanced. But I think the game has a solid base from which It can build an amazing game. I havent ran into any bugsin the things I did. It just needs more content and menu polish. If you like space games and mining/crafting/space combat games. and don't mind a few bare bones. I would pick it up."
76561198043335403,Recommended,259450,9783488,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Deimos,"Very creative, lots of potential here. NOW WITH MORE POTENTIAL THAN NO MAN'S SKY!!!I was 99% sold on the beta as is, but then I looked ahead at what the devs are planning by the 1.0 release. WOW.http://celsiusgs.com/drifter/wiki/Development_RoadmapI will admit that at the moment the game feels like too little variety/content spread over WAY too much universe. Reading the roadmap posted above should remove any doubt though, this game will only get better. Factions, NPCs, a reputation system, random events, special missions, crafting, the list goes on.So far, the biggest 'con' that I can see is that the UI is a mess. In a trading game, it cannot be a mess...it must be entirely streamlined. At this stage it tears you out of immersion as you question which tab lets you access your ship, after you bought items, that have to be placed ON your ship, and then ON the respective system, and then 10 clicks later you can leave the station with your new loadout. Half the time you forget which star system you are in. Also the radar and other readouts during flight take up half the screen, which is a pity cuz this game is so darn beautiful already. BUT...this is a beta. No worries.The biggest 'pro' is, well, everything else. The music and sound effects are spot on, dogfighting music especially. The scope is immense, and from the title screen you see just how small you are. The ships look cool, the weapons look and sound fierce, and you have enough methods of going fast that the space isn't TOO overwhelming.Good beta, GREAT potential. Can't wait for 1.0!"
76561198055978563,Recommended,259450,9829532,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,CheifGodzilla,"The menus are rough, the tutorial leaves you wanting and the Combat is awkward. The game play is like a heart surgeon with a jackhammer and TNT.The space station menus are gray boxes with plain black lettering in them. All navigation is blocky and awkward to use, no hover hint no talking paper clip.  The menu backgrounds on the other hand are a nice shade of ink black, a nice touch in the world of moving backgrounds and super saturation colored things.Drifter is 2D in space which is weird at first but makes sense the longer you play.  You start in a basic ship floating in nowhere with the tutorial that explains the basics and not much more, actually it explains nothing other then movements and basic turret combat. While leaving out that you need to transfer you old equipment to the space station to sell it.  Making space piracy or mining a number one option for money making as trading is still rough and overwhelming.With this game being a sandbox game it has very little in the area of personalization, lol who am I kidding it has no personalization at all in fact naming your ship is not even a option, or at least I have yet to find that menu option.  The textures are simple done, so simple in fact it looks like they have a picture of earth as some planets. Though do not let that discourage you from playing, the ships and space stations are simple with an artistic grace.With a 8-core FX-8350 and GT440 my frames/sec sit in the 58 range though higher and lower have been seen and expected. With Anti-Aliasing and without there seems to be very little difference that I can discern on a 1080 monitor.  It does get bonus points for being available on Linux.Once said and done the game is a rough diamond that is the next Hope diamond or Triple A game"
76561198110012916,Not Recommended,259450,9444161,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,grimrist,"I was Super Excited to this game and finally and be able to play a new, engaging space-trader(I'm a huge EV NOVA fan. Chances are you are too, if you're reading this.)I understand this is still in early days of development, however;This Game is just not that goodThe control shceme is AWKWARDThis makes Combat CumbersomeThe Layout is unfinished and confusing (everything is a uniform gray with small, hard-to-read text)Most of the graphics are not in place and have blue cubw placeholders- this makes using the marketplace tedious and difficultAbove all it's EMPTY. No storyline, no quests, just 8 ships you need to grind to to purchase and some basic shoot and/or fetch missions. I understand this is in it's early stages but the basic, skeletal core of the gameplay here is un-fun.That needs to be reworked before this is any good."
,Recommended,259450,24155579,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Braingasim,"I have been playing this game for about a week now.  Started out very confusing since the game play instructions are very basic.This is a BETA, so you need to go into this knowing that also.  There will be tweaks along the way.  Possibly resets as well.I have played MULTIPLE beta games in the past (Silk Road Online, Matrix Online, Americas Army, Age of Conan and more).I have tested out mining & trading.  Currently, its not too exciting, but, its a Beta.I have tested doing trade runs as well.  Its a good way to get started to make some credits.  After a few runs, I looked into other things.The quests mostly seem to all work.  I have found a few kinks, but mostly happens when you cancel a quest and the quest item is still in your inventory.  If that's the case, just jettison it or abandon it in a station.The most fun so far for me is doing bounty hunting.  Just find a 0% safe system and wait for them to come to you.  Please keep in mind, you should at least have your weapons upgraded.  The bounty rewards will add up and you will be able to upgrade everything else.The in-game music is very nice, graphics are also very impressive!"
76561198002969576,Not Recommended,259450,17923446,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fezbin,"I have to say, early release in this case just means baddly made. The UI for going from mission to map, to search, then prices, stock, and buying all take too long. This game really needs someone to see if they can bring the fun."
76561198043175528,Recommended,259450,11210381,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Break,Lots of fun and hope they keep moving it forward!
,Not Recommended,259450,34365128,Posted: 19 August,all,Tomas Nau,"EXTREMELY barebones space sim. Save yourself the money and just DL Endless Sky on steam instead, or if you want to buy a space sim just get Starsector whenever it comes out on steam.A disappointment of a game. Maybe it'll improve in time, maybe not."
,Recommended,259450,9406917,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,The Rock Star Space Ferret,"Really nice game. Open world sand-boxy space exploration game with a ton of different areas to go to. It is lacking in content right now, but it has a lot of potential and the devs are going to add a lot of stuff to it. Definitely playable right now if you want to start your career as a trader, pirate, pirate hunter or a miner.The UI needs work, but the devs are going to give it a big overhaul in the next update. The tutorial is also barebones and I figured out how to do all the stuff the tutorial didn't mention. It doesn't have a steep learning curve."
76561198040647357,Recommended,259450,13869159,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Supermon14,"for a early ascess game, this is one of the bests games out there, in comparison to full releases it still lacking a bit but the game has alot of potentional based on what the developer has released related to plans for it. i have 8.6 hours on record though which isnt much but its simply for the fact i rage deleted the game when i died , tried to load a previous save, then accidently saved on the slot so i saved after i died and i got mad a deleted it, however i really did like it and how the fighting system worked for the shields,rockets, and lasers/etc that were for the ship and the game already has a decent selection of ships to work with if i remember correctly, if you want the game go for it but just becareful i guess of misclicking it was fun and with 6.0 on the way i will most likely redownload."
,Recommended,259450,17136592,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,smugbug,"TL;DR - This isalmost good. Ensure that youreallywant this game before buying it.I don't think I've had this much fun with an early access game before. If you like games such asFlash Trek,Elite Dangerous,X Rebirth,EVE Onlineand are fondly looking forward toStar Citizen, thenDrifteris the game for you. Without delving into detail, Drifter is your basic space flight sim with elements of combat and trading. Your ultimate and only goal is to make bank. How you make this money is totally up to you; mine asteroids, trade with stations or become a gun for hire. You're thrown into amassive, procedurally generated galaxy, with thousands of star systems to explore. The ship designs are sleek and unique, and combat isdead simple. Even if you've never touched a game like this before, I can guarantee you'll pick up the controls easily. Super fun, I can't wait to see what the future has in store forDrifter.Pros:Literally X for dummies. If you've ever played one of the games I listed above and were scared away by the complexity, don't worry -Drifteris dumbed down to a fault. There are less than one hundred keybinds!Perfect for the potato in your life! I get constant 60fps on my wonderful 4GB RAM / integrated Intel GPU shitbox. This is some next-gen witchery.Gamepad support! Self explanatory. The game requires little to no keyboard/mouse input in gamepad mode - almost every function can be mapped to a controller.Looks super pretty. The lens flare might be maddening at times, but the models and effects are breathtaking.The combat is idiotproof.Pointandshoot. It's poetry, really.Cons:The game has been in (slow) development forfouryears. This might be a personal thing, but just seeing this really raised some red flags with me. The developer has made some recent claims about returning to the game, however. They've made the promise to have full release by the end of the year (as of July 1, 2015)Very, very little to do. You can take missions, yes - but that's pretty much all you can do. There are six or seven kinds of missions and all of them are almost the same, barring very slight differences (kill this ship in this system, deliver this item from this system to this system, etc)Everything looks the same. There are maybe ... twenty or so different ships. Out of these twenty models, I've only ever seen eight or nine of them while roaming the galaxy. Out of the eight or nine, there seem to be onlyfourkinds of 'pirate' (the only ships you're tasked to hunt with the kill missions) ships. The planets and the suns are nothing special, really.Limited gamepad support. Theonlyqualm I have with the gamepad support is the fact that you can't: calibrate the sticks or change stick control (eg. map movement from left joystick to right joystick)The combat is mindnumbing. There is no such thing as 'altitude', or 'variable height' inDrifter. All of the action takes place on the same level on the y-axis. It's simple, but it's not exciting. It boils down to playing a game of chicken with your enemy while holding down the fire button. Not only that, but the combat AI isstupid.Much too expensive for what the game is, currently. I wouldn't pay more than ten dollars for this to be honest. Wait for a sale or buy it as part of a bundle."
76561198128287463,Not Recommended,259450,24021165,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shiny Magikarp,"Important: Updates in this early access have slowed down to a near halt. Bascially, they're just icon updates for items in the game. But those icon skins don't add any depth to the game, and that's what it desperately needs.I like Drifter, but I can't recommend it as it is. It needs a little more depth, and it needs more frequent MEANINGFUL updates. The game itself says it's a space trading sim, which it is, but there's nothing interesting about it. There's no haggling, there's no interaction, it's just buying products where they're cheaper and selling them where they're more expensive.The game also markets that it has 100,000 star systems to explore, but in reality there's nothing to explore. You move on a flat plane towards the space station where the trading can happen and that's all you do. The only other thing to see is the asteroids which you blow up and mine, and there's some ""combat"" which is very bland and not fun."
76561198012858972,Recommended,259450,13584853,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,YAX3EX,"Fun game. Most of the bad reviews are saying that that game is not that fun and unplayable. The people that wrote those reviews do not understand that this game is still in development and is not officially released. They also say that the space combat is bad but that is because they do not understand how to dodge incoming laser barrages and fight the enemies back.A lot more content is coming with the release of 6.0 which is coming later this week.However, for being still being in development it is a fun space game. You can mine, bounty hunt, trade, and do whatever fits your play style. The universe is very large and I still have not explored more than a fews systems."
76561198005707484,Recommended,259450,14260280,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,KookiePoo,"Very good gane has potential in becoming a great game. Like to see more ships, missions, more diverse and dynamic environments. Few issues with AI especially when mining and a AI ship passes infront of the lasers turning agro as it thinks you purposefully attacked it. Ends with you either leaving or engaging in an unwarranted and unecessary combat that distracts you from your objective and wastes time/resources in repairing ship. Reminds me of a great game i played in the 90s, look forward to seeing this develop thanks for cool game devs."
76561198052274007,Recommended,259450,14812132,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,lnleo,"Pros:-Large expansive worlds-Interesting ship balancing mechaniccons:-UI needs work-Stupid AI-No tooltipsI think this game has potential but it still needs a lot of work. Currently in version .61 there's really no direction or story for you to follow, it's all do whatever you want mission or mining or w/e. Ship AI are kind of stupid, no evasion just charge at you then run away till a certain distance then u-turn and repeat charge. Would like to see more improvement on the UI especially regarding the active missions like some what to automatically plot the course to your objective rather than manually finding it which gets very tedious. Also would at least like to see how many credit I have when i'm trying to buy stuff on stations. Have to leave the station to see it -_-.Why is there no strafe or some rapid emergency left/right boost dodge. Havn't used the launchers much at all after the tutorial as it's kinda useless and pointless with stupid AI. Money is easy to get and it didn't take more than an hour or two to get enough for a higher spec ship. Trading seems tedious with the hard to read ui. Really not sure why there's a CD on the lightspeed jumps as you literally spend an entire minute staring at the screen waiting for it to be over so you can move on which gets worse if you have to do several jumps. There's very little interaction between your ship and the world outside of missions. Rare to see any random event if at all any ships.In the end I would say this game is worth a try, but for the price tag might want to wait till it's more polished or reaches version 1.0 release."
76561198021698394,Recommended,259450,14043794,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,slumDog Pinkeye,"Feels like the old days of Elite on the Amiga,  its early days for this game and for me playing it but so far so good.  Its good fun for the money and I am looking forward to seeing it grow."
,Recommended,259450,24465577,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Leafly,Fun game with great controls. Love exploring this galaxy and going on missions.+--BA
,Recommended,259450,13950065,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lilith the Synthetic Shark,"Very fun game so far! i am very curious if the developers are gonna implement big battleships and what not, and with the galaxy map, if they are gonna have highlighted sectors which are under war and you could jump in and help a side, depending on what side you helped you get rewards. or negative effects depending on the outcome, the possibilities are endless!!"
76561198261559772,Recommended,259450,24956391,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,KyleStevins,after playing for an hour or so this game has left a weird impression on me. the intro tutorial is garbage and the gameplay is lack luster where there isn't much content at all. Besides this being a terrible game i'm already addicted. I just simply enjoy flying from star system to star system and I feel like this game has ♥♥♥♥ing incredible potential. So here is my note to the devs... make it possible to explore worlds! just that one mechanic will turn this game from a guilty pleasur to a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic game! please I'm begging you!
76561198030897356,Recommended,259450,11105615,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Archile,"This game is great! Reminiscent of Freelancer, yet on a much grander scope! Currently you can buy different ships, some for trading, some for fighting, and various trade goods. Mining seems to be in-game although I could not see a way to sell or refine ore, and combat is fun. It is only on a 2D plane, yet the games mechanics work well with it. One little but VERY important feature is you can view trade goods for a remote system and your current (local) system. In the UI it also has the price difference calculated for you. This feature makes price comparisons very easy and is something a lot of games over look. There are also many different ship modules in-game, such as weapons, ammo, and utility modules. Most items do not have their art icons yet, but it doesn't seem to have any effect on the item itself. Right now it is a very enjoyable game, but when it is finished, I feel it will be one of the best Space Simulation games out there!"
76561198057938381,Not Recommended,259450,22772588,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sgt. Major Pusillanimous Kiwi VC,"Dead game don't buy, steam should really fine stuff like this."
,Recommended,259450,29436784,Posted: 22 January,all,Off_Brand_Cheetos,"Before you buy, look at the road map.  This contains useful information that will help you decide as to whether or not you want to buy the game.So far, It looks like the game is pretty hood. The developers are making a game that symbolizes what No Man's Sky should have been at launch( of course, early access, that remains to be seen, but they would like to do it with 1.0 release) So im my opinion, you should get it. The developers are more inclined to listen to the players in this case. WE are the early access testers after all, and we are the ones who they are trying to sell it to."
76561197991560209,Recommended,259450,13963280,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,kaboooom2000uk,"Looks like it has promice, the UI was a little strange to navigate around, I would have prefered to have a hotkey for the navigation and maps. Otherwise it looks like the basis for a good game the universe looks vast... Also I think there is a problem with the jump drive, it says there is no fuel even after docking. So cannot really get to another system. I hope this is fixed soon. In mouse flight mode, it seems you cannot pitch and yaw the spacecraft, only turn left and right which makes for some boring dogfights."
,Recommended,259450,14667386,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Yippie-Ki-Yay MF,"This title offers addictive gameplay and has a pretty responsive development team.There are several improvements that could enhance emmersion, but the game is very playable in its current state.Eesy to recommend as version 1.0 should be amazing."
76561198100622124,Recommended,259450,15065614,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ranko_73,"I believe I can best sum this game up as a mini Elite Dangerous for those with an older or slower pc,or cant afford AAA prices.Enjoyable sandbox game with various opportunities to make money .In game to upgrade ships or weapons you need credits,you can mine ore through to processing and selling,or simple take missions as a courier.Even finding people to hunt down 'retire' permenantly for ingame credits is fun and with the right difficulty to make you keep coming back.Attack or avoid pirates either way its fun. I can say try this game if you want an enjoyable little space shooter,empire biulding,piece of fun.."
76561198059355881,Recommended,259450,18037866,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,brotherkantor,"Brilliant game– they took the concept of a roguelike space explorer and made it far better, not to mention better looking. No bugs more than you would expect in an early access game, and when I hit one the Celsius team responded to my email in minutes."
76561198132540417,Not Recommended,259450,23114114,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,adam_berkeley,"Drifter is a good solid platform it has good graphics and solid game play and a well thought out game play mechanic all it needs now is a solid story and some good characters to make this a good game, great work in progress but needs more to be fun and engaging."
76561198160495995,Not Recommended,259450,23402992,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,gartheastwood,"Bought this when it came up on offer a while back. Long before I self imposed a ban on myself all ""early access"" rip-off pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Caused by ""Elite : Dangerous"") Can't remember what I paid for it, but even if it was 75% off (which I doubt) it was not worth the price of a pint of mild!The full £8.99 is an UTTER RIP-OFF for this piece of junk!HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ I paid a whopping £7.46 for this utter BILGE. Must've been only 20% off! ""Early Access"" robberies never do have good offers! And it was a full 12 months ago when I bought it..... still, I am going to demand a refund for this utter turd!All star systems are vapid, with the same layout, same G-class yellow star in the centre. Only a handful of poor planet textures, planets don't actually do anything anyway. All terran class planets look exactly Earth.Not a lot of ships.Even less weapons / upgrades.Ie, there's simply nothing to spend your money on.Terrible GFX.Terrible SFX.Terrible UI.Terrible controls.Seems unfinished. Seems?! Ha! It ain't 1/4 finished! And never will be!No factions.No ""living universe"".Only a handful of repetitive ""missions""Seems this will never be finished. The dev seems to have absconded with the money already.An empty game that I was bored with even after 0.4hrs of play!Absolute cow clart! Compared to games like ""Transcendence"" and ""Vega Strike"" which are FREE and open source..... Drifter is an absolute punch in the nose to gamers, and just a money making scam. Quite frankly the dev has mugged those unfortunates who bought this. Just like David ""Robber"" Braben did with ""Elite : Dangerous (to your bank balance)""This game should really be titled ""GRIFTER"", as in ""confidence trickster""!EDIT ---------------------------------------------The game is still getting worked on, heavily. Maybe I was being harsh with the ""Grifter"" comment. Well, I'll keep an eye on these updates and try the game again, and tone down this review if the game improves!"
76561198010177451,Not Recommended,259450,21813360,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,dessnr,The author has forgotten about his game and doesn't care a hoot about his customers that have paid good enough money for the game.  He got the taste of some extra cash and ran.Pathetic.EDIT:  There must be a way that we can press charges against these robbers.  Early access or not.  There needs to be something put into place that holds them to their word.  Besides taking them out behind the woodshed and kicking the snot out of them.Would you allow somebody to steal something from your home?  No?  Well that's what these cretins are doing.
,Recommended,259450,9507334,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,WOW okay,"Many years ago, my brothers and I used to play this game called Escape Velocity Nova on an old Mac that our family had. It's really hard not to think of that game when playing this one, since the games aren't all that different in concept. While I haven't looked all that far into Drifter, it would be surprising to me if it didn't have any sort of influence from EV Nova.That said, I was a little bit giddy when picking up this game, for a few different reasons: EV Nova, it runs on Linux (and runs quite well, to my delight), and it's big and 3D and beautiful. It's still in beta for now, and pretty obvious too, since the menu GUI could use a little overhaul, but my hour into it has been nostalgic and, as I'm listening to Tycho right now, a little bit ethereal. I highly recommend this game if you want something to play and chill to."
76561198072827046,Recommended,259450,9384768,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,IKEA Gaming Chair - $4.99,"Updates have stopped, shows the problem of the early access model. Was going to be a fun game, now cannot recommend.OLD:While it has just came out for steam and there is hardly anything there, this game is becoming one of my favorite games. The biggest problem right now is the lack of content. While a lot of people will complain about the slow space travle I think its kinda awesome,(go through thishttp://joshworth.com/dev/pixelspace/pixelspace_solarsystem.htmlfor a little bit of persepctive with out using the jump function) and pretty accurate. Space travle is hard!!"
,Recommended,259450,12269301,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,confushon,Fun! Hope he adds more things to do and ships to get :)
76561198144701180,Not Recommended,259450,21419280,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Pill Cosby,still dont know how to play or what to do....
,Not Recommended,259450,9567702,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,I COME OVER DA HOUSE!,Wait for further updates. This game has great promise but the current UI makes it unplayable.
76561198103568765,Recommended,259450,13849204,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,JESUS LOVES ALL OF US,Love the game and it has a lot of potential cant wait
,Recommended,259450,9417560,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,godsgrifter,It has a very relaxing and enjoyable feel to it. Still plenty of work to be done but it has amazing potential.
76561198017828995,Recommended,259450,19527775,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Billydash,Long way to go but it has lots of potential.
,Recommended,259450,23044038,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,colethelion321,idk. its a good game. i dont know why its still in early acsess. it hasnt been updated for ever. but i liked it.
76561198025130838,Recommended,259450,10481634,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,severedsolo,"I do like this game. It has tons of potential, and I can certainly see that it will be amazing. The best way I can describe it right now, is it's like ""freelancer with physics"". Freelancer is one of my favourite games, and this game can be better than that.Right now it's obviously very early in development, so I can't honestly recommend you buy it as it is right now. On the one hand, I wish I had waited, on the other hand I'm excited for it's potential. It has the potential, and hopefully will, be one of the best space games out there."
76561198074352647,Recommended,259450,9609716,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,_AGy_,"Just the best space trading game I ever played !easy to take in hand, so much room to master it, impressive galaxie, and simple genuisly efficient graphics.I am just starting to go deeper, and I am sure this game has a great future in front of it.Needs some balance between trading/mining/police/pirates, and some more developped random missions, but everything is in the road map.Just one thing, taxes, black market and forbidden goods are missing, but I am sure if we all ask for it, we might even get it before Xmas.Great jobs developpers, you are awsomes !!"
,Recommended,259450,9444553,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Maggotskin,"This game is so good, and has so much potential. Yes there are bugs, but that comes with the territory of being early access. At the moment it does feel like it lacks some content and in need of some balancing but there is still stuff to do."
,Recommended,259450,9394139,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Sunlis,This game has real potential. I look forward to seeing it more fleshed out.
,Recommended,259450,9405230,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,WarDroid_,"Very Nice To Play In free Time... And I Know I'm Just Going To Be Yeled At For This But, Does Anyone Know Where The Amount Of Credits Is In Your Save File??????"
76561198079727930,Recommended,259450,9654792,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Honz_Brinker,"Great game,even in Beta."
,Recommended,259450,9697962,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,DoUEvenStephen,"A pretty amazing game! Massive universe which is still in need of work but is already great! Lots of customization, its pretty hard to get used to though in my opinion! 9/10"
,Recommended,259450,9725797,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,aaronmallen,"Good game, great potential. A little bit of a learning curve and the tutorial could use some work. It needs to be more clear, as well as encompass a lot more aspects of the game (i.e. how to mine, how to use the trade system, where and how things can be sold, etc...) Would be even better with an MMO like element!Edited to reflect to new information provided by the developer in the comments."
,Recommended,259450,9726177,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Keilet,"Drifter is amazing, I feel it's just about everything I've been looking for in a space exploration/space sandbox game. It's been one of the VERY FEW early access titles that I've purchased and enjoyed so thoroughly. This is what ""early access"" should be, not ""lets push this alpha out the door that's only 2% finished."" You can pilot your ship, destroy other ships, mine asteroids, (by blowing them up, of course) take missions, or just travel around the galaxy, to name a few features in the game so far. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun sandbox environment in space, and it still isn't even done yet."
76561198001933452,Recommended,259450,9696582,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,abion,"I have 9.0 hours on game and really like it.It has the feel of The old Freelancer game that I really liked and is refreshing not to see another ""First person shooter game"".It still has a long way to go but has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,259450,10024046,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Janders,"This game reminds me of a single player version of EVE Online and that's a good thing.  One thing that absolutely surprised me, was the physics of the flight.  The game doesn't have full controller support and according to the developer himself, that is the best way to play the game.  But it is coming in Patch 0.6.0.  So hopefully that will be really soon.  This will be a fantastic game to just sit on the couch, turn out all of the lights, and delve into.  I can not wait for the finished product.  And speaking of the developer, he is an awesome guy that really cares about the fans of the game.  He is on twitter @celsiusgs.  Follow him.  He responds back to questions very quickly.  Enjoy the game!"
,Not Recommended,259450,19725336,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Pezz,"I'd play this game a lot more, but every time I check it out and load it up I go:""Oh, yeah, newtonian flight"" - which has never been fun ever."
76561198097778315,Recommended,259450,13753436,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Team Striker,"This game have SSSSSOOOOO much potential, the updates just need adding new ships and weapons (and texture for items in the trading menu).You can do whatever you want from mining to trading, from bounty hunter to priate. 100/100"
,Recommended,259450,18481243,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Galactic Pancakes,"Alright game, confusing at first but i got the hang of it.later i started to notice little simularities to the mobile game Galaxy on fire 2this pleased me, because i loved that mobile game and it remined me of my holiday.im gonna give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,259450,13934187,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,BAPBAP,"Poor man's Elite.Pseudonewtonian physics, 2D combat, procedural generation of all the universe and quests.Have a good potential on mobile devices but not very much to look ATM."
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,259450,24172519,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pha cops,"Looked interesting long before I realized how often these Early Access games are not ""Early Access"" but ""Happy to accept money and promise access....then only update enough to make it seem like it's still going to come someday""Updates infrequent, if non-existent....with a procedurally generated universe containing no gameplay to bind it together."
,Not Recommended,259450,22132658,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,WarzoneNinja,"Game has finally recieved some updates, most of which are minor graphical updates, while this game is in early access, there is ALOT of work to do to make this game playable and complete."
76561198024957609,Recommended,259450,16944972,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,mdk504,"early access review:so far i love this game. its like a pitch locked Elite: dangerous, that will run on older pc's. its got trading, pirating, bulletin board style missions, bounties, etc.. just like Elite. i thought the pitch lock would annoy me but its fine, and a clever way of keeping the game original.its def got its quirks like the station queue bug and a few others. but so far so good. very much looking forward to a full release."
76561198059255221,Recommended,259450,14332819,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Transluminal Rabbit,awesome.
76561198151838516,Recommended,259450,13194782,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,liamconway1,Just a little crap but has potential.......(~;
,Recommended,259450,16868647,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SP_Slizer,"On a mining mission, collecting various ore. Some guy decides to take advantage of free ore; he is now atomized dust.8/10 Will bring weapons on mining trip more often"
,Recommended,259450,17762343,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,要✖We$gluf✖要,GO TO THE CENTER STAR AND EVREY PLANET THERE IS NICOLAS CAGE'S HEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,259450,25556590,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,∆̴̣͉͓͖̗̂̆̈́̽̿̒̈̓,It's good game.
76561198041166773,Recommended,259450,17965968,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,The Cage,"im having trouble trying to load into a saved game. whenever i click load in the menu screen, the game crashes. plz help"
76561198113666949,Not Recommended,259450,22305317,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Skyh Blue,"This text is just a placeholder.  I'm working on a proper review article.Please be patient. Hopefully I'm able to povide you my review later this year.Seriously, I´ll delete my negative review if there is a substantial update for Drifter."
,Not Recommended,259450,11380895,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,CaptDreyfuss,"This games update speed is SLOW, I look forward to playing a finished product in 2018..."
76561198067403482,Recommended,259450,20211938,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jakanddaxter1999,♥♥♥♥ eve online
76561198153406005,Recommended,259450,17842490,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,danieldgauthier,How do i true Ore into Bar. Plz can someone help?
,Recommended,259450,22364062,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Major_Macaroni,cccccccccccrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazy game not worth the price but pretty cool
,Not Recommended,259450,31917305,Posted: 23 May,all,Stankymeat,"Noooo! Thought I was getting a space sim sandbox. It ended up being a flat, boring and VERY basic ...game (if you could call it that), with the entertainment value of Pong."
,Not Recommended,259450,24492777,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,warhawkfighter,I honestly don't know what it is. The idea seemed interesting but then I played it...for 63 minutes...
