user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198155791409,Recommended,259570,14491390,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Chef Papi Chulo,"10/10 concept.....with some minor cautions.If you are into resource gathering/building games then this is definetly the game for you.It is beautifully designed, with game mechanics that are our of this world ;).  I very much enjoyed the first few times playing, however i have noticed as few things that i would caution you to either to consider prior to buying or prior to playing for the first time.first i have heard from people who have played the game that is it almost tediously easy. however i must have started playign after the patch because i found the game so grueling at night that every playthrough ends up exactly the same:Day1-collect eden, collect materials for building, then build a baseNight1- continue collecting maerials for building because NOTHING will attack you the first night (unless provoked)Day2- keep on collecting and building (dont forget to upgrade eden with spare material)Night2- Crap your pants as onslaughts of aliens attack from all sides; barely surviveDay3- cry a little as you see all the work put into harvesting and buiding was just destroyed in one night, but you continue to collect and build anyway.Night3- stock up ammo and energy because you will die. and if you dont, you will be left with a 80% destroyed base and will most certainly die on Night 4.So, although it is fun and exciting the first few playthroughs, eventually you will get discouraged because everything you do will all end on night 3 (possibly 4). And if you were wondering about more specifics of me trying to survive will no prevail: Ive tried mulpiple ""strategic"" base locations, (backed up againt a mountain/cliff, away from enemy hives,up high where they cant reach me) but they get you either way. not only do they seem to spawn in on my base at night, but it also seems that killing one of there hives (which should stop them from coming from said hive since its ...well...dead) doesnt not stop them from pouring in from that dead hive. I also tried to purely harvest and save resources from day 1 until day 4 then build a grand fortrace thinking i would be ahead of the game and they wouldnt be able to take out a large base with walls and blockades and six turrets and me ....but they did. they destroyed everything. and killed me.I know much of this sounds negative, but i truly do enjoy the game. it just has some quirks that make it hard to keep replaying for me personally. i really hope that the creators keep doing a great job and continue to progres with this game.One last thing....If you were wondering what i would want to be better or worked on, this is it:-more varied % for harvesting . ei. maybe a different type of tree that is  a higher percentage of the wood (protanium or whatever) and rocks that would all range in % not just 25 or 30%.-not easier aliens, just more timely placed or spaced out. The first night being alien free is sweet, however a barrage on night 2 and getting harder form there is kind of sudden. maybe ease into heavier waves or more aggressive aliens? it would deffinetly increase my play time and willingness to go to such lengths to build a solid base.-better turrets. i know this one is odd but i have run into a problem that i dont really like or trust turrets to do their one job, which is shoot at the enemy. Which i cant trust them because they dont seem to do much damage anyway and only half the time they even work; i feel like an alien needs to be directly in front of a turret and not moving to be able for the turret to do any real damage. in the end im just lapping my base killing everything i can while i hear the turrets turn on and off for no reason. can turrets just be on and on guard at night and off during the day? cuz that would be pretty cool.-a different ""start"" location at random. the map doesnt seem to change and i pretty much know where to go from the start so maybe making the pods land in different areas of the map would be cool."
,Recommended,259570,32696135,Posted: 23 June,all,spacefiddle,"Bought during the Steam sale this summer. ""Pre-Alpha."" Yeah okay. It's telling both of the skill of this team, and the slipping bar of the rest of the industry, that you'll quickly forget this thing is supposed to barely be running. It's aleady engaging, challenging, and just fun. Be prepared to lose some time. Might want to set an alarm.I have encountered precisely one glitch so far; a respawn pad, when on a foundation that's clipped into the ground a bit, may respawn you under the world. In about 5 hours of gameplay, that's all. That's 5 hours in a pre-alpha release, folks.What gets me most excited about this title is that there appears to be a solid technical foundation as the first priority. What's implemented tends to just work. This means that as they go forward and build momentum, they can add *content* and not enter the ""we released too soon"" death-spiral of bughunting and mechanic-fixing. They seem to have their priorities straight. They're extremely up-front with the state of the game, the content on offer, the use of the Pre-Alpha designation, and parts of their roadmap. This is what Early Access is supposed to be for.But hey, maybe we can't all afford to buy everything on principle just because we support the idea. So did I mention it's a blast? Never did such a clueless person who could barely remember the controls have so much fun blindly running for his life from I'm-not-even-sure-what in the dark because he foolishly strayed too far from his piddly base at night.Finding mats, food, water, making ammo and upgrading weapons - feels like I wish Fallout 4 Survival mode did.I've RLF from an area because I was out of bullets, occasionally stopping to fling a pursuer who got too close into orbit.I've spent the night huddled in a sealed bunker listening to Things destroying my last auto-turret because I didn't pay attention to the mats needed, or how to make the repair tool, or that i was low on lead - wondering if they were going to breach the walls.Even after getting past the ""okay maybe I'll go read the damn guide now"" phase, it's still challening and engaging. How far will you stray from your base each day? How many days will you go before realizing you really ought to be hunting those nests down? (You'll see.)On top of all that, I coulda sworn his name wasn't there an hour ago but Gareth Coker is now listed on their site as Composer - he who made the Ori and the Blind Forest soundtrack. Only good things will be happening.The dev's openness and transparency are a large part of why I chose to jump in with Early Access. I hope I can contribute in some way, but I'm liking where things are going, it's already fun to spend time in, and I feel like no matter where things go from here, I'll have easily gotten my money's worth - and I get to see an amazing ambitious project develop around my virtual eyes."
,Recommended,259570,19980245,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zastier,"Currently, Eden Star is a game with some incredibly amusing concepts, great visuals and suprising amounts of polish considering its an Early Access tittle still being in early alpha. Currently, the main aspect of the game is building and protecting a base in a tower defense esque setting. Starting out, you will spawn in a pretty small world of floating isles, having the ability to collect resources trying to set up a small base before the first night. You do so using a system reminiscent of Rust or Ark: Survival Evolved which is quite well implemented in this game. You will be able to roam the world using the suprisingly competent parkour movement, avoiding being mauled by enemies roaming the world. On your travels you will be able to harvest resources that can be used to build up your base and craft new gear for your character. Af it stands, the content that is there is fairly solid and is quite well implemented with some nice modeling and animations on your enemies, very simple to understand buildign and material mechanics and simplified crafting systems making the mechanic a fun method of progressing rather than a tedious bore.This is however where the good things about the game end as the amount of content currently avaiable is rather slim. Yes, there is a fairly nice variety of resources and structures you can build to defend your self from the incoming enemies, however you will find that the enemy variety it self is limited to a few monsters. The amount of things to do simply seems too small for the amount of time the game expects you to spend preparing for enemy attacks. Yes you can build up your defences, however I found that the amount of enemies that attack you at night is not big enough to pose a threat and while it might increase slowly over time, I found that its too slow allowing you to greatly outmatch the upcoming waves removing challenge from the equation.To summarise, while the amount of content is fairly small, the quality of the content that is there is mostly outstanding. This game has a lot of potential, with the quality of the content thats there, I am having no doubpts about this game becoming something great. If you don't mind the lack of features, I'd say give it a go and see if you enjoy it your self."
,Recommended,259570,16872086,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,red-nyan,"This game is a mix between first-person shooter, tower-defense, and sandbox-survival. This game is Minecaft with a Sanctum twist.The game is as visually pleasing as it is fluid in movement. You have the parkour abilities necessary to climb almost anything, which makes the game a whole lot more interesting. You can wall-run and shoot down aliens that are attacking you and your base. The game is also very physics oriented which means destroying something from the base topples the entire structure.So far I have only seen 3 aliens, but there might be more, since the game seems to be infinitely-generated. There are 2 weapons for the player to use, a pistol (which you start with) and an assault rifle. As for defending your 'Eden Kit' (which is your life-support), you can craft 4 (or 5, I can't remember) defensive structures. The game also has basic parts for making a base. On that note, building in this game works very well, I was able to adjust the orientation of everything I placed to whatever I needed.From what I have read on the forums' this dev-team only releases updates when they are certain it is as far developed as possible, which makes for a far better play experience compared to indie titles that release buggier updates and simply fix them over time.All-in-all this is an incredible title, all it is missing (in my opinion) is a multiplayer, which would make this one of my top 10 favorite games. I definitely recommend buying, and playing, this game!"
,Recommended,259570,16994427,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mortus Eclipse,"An excellent Pre-Alpha Early Access game. It's fast paced with a 15 minute ""Day"" cycle to use for exploration, material gathering, indiginious pacification and building your Eden Complex, and a 3 minute ""Night"" cycle where your Eden Complex becomes key, defend it, repair it or hide in it. There is much to learn, much to discover and much to upgrade to survive. Despite having an excellent guide and ingame tutorial, be prepared to have several short unsuccessful games at first while you experiment and find out what works and what does not, because what may seem like a simple plan that obviously should work may not! Developers are very active and in touch with the community and seem to try to reply to any bugs or issues reported on the Steam Discussions and/or by e-mail.Keep in mind this game is still in early developement so it will not be performance optomized, may be prone to crashing on some systems and subject to balance shifts both good and bad."
,Not Recommended,259570,29664139,Posted: 2 February,all,Pengu,"At the time of writing, In its current state. I would not recommend this game, which was not an easy decision despite my comments below.The premise of the game is:Mine minerals and construct a base on an alien world and build defences to fend of waves of enemies at night.Though when I say that, I by no means am condemning the game on its premise. There are some fantastic games in the genre, but also an awful lot of rubber-stamp garbage. At this point, I feel games that are attempting the Open World Survival genre, really need a new and captivating twist to keep players interested or invested, which this game just doesn’t have in its current state. However the developers list the game as ""Action, Adventure"" so perhaps the game is to be taken in a different direction? There is something about the game that seemsdeeply appealing, but currently, it’s buried under a lot of less appealing mechanics.The objective, at the time of writing, seems to be to upgrade your base core and see how long you can survive, which is what I was trying to do.Without further ado, the problems:The difficulty needs significant balancing. It’s chronically unforgiving to new players. After having difficulty, the first time playing, I rushed to build a base with 5 turrets and it was still taken out by night 5 by multiple waves of 10-20 flying enemies. There’s no time to relax and it’s horribly frustrating.Some people say mining is fast, some say it’s slow. My feeling is that you have to do such an overwhelming amount of it, it gradually feels slower the more you play because you’re sick of the grind. It feels very “No Mans Sky” in the way that mining is done. At the start of the game you can actually increase the mining speed, which is a good option to have for those that dislike the grind.Apparently, there’s lots to explore. The map seems large initially, but even after a few hours of play relatively empty. There is not enough variety in map at present. Some areas look wonderfully pretty however. I did not play long enough to fully explore areas that looked potentially interesting in the far-flung corners of the map.Enemies are often seemingly spawned out of nowhere, often in large quantities suddenly and without warning and very close to the player’s location. In one situation, I looked away from my base for a brief moment, upon looking back there was a giant passive creature stuck inside it.I lost all my stuff after 2 hours of play to an enemy base, thinking it was friendly because of the blue shield/beacon (Enemy nests project a red beacon) I couldn’t retrieve my stuff because the turrets would kill me on approach. I figured I could trick the enemies into taking out the enemy base by sitting near it at night, but it turns out waves of enemies only attack your own base.The game explains nothing to you, except how to build, and how to repair. Everything else you have to figure out on your own,ifyou manage to survive the tutorial. Some people may like this, but unless the difficulty curve is tweaked, its only going to frustrate more people.All that said, this game has some serious potential. What it needs is decent base and player progression, something bright and shiny to aim for with a gradual difficulty curve.Currently the meat of this game is missing, it feels wrong to call it bare-bones, because there is a lot there, but it lacks depth. Which is why I had to have a serious think about recommending this or not. The game is very pretty and it plays very smoothly, but it doesn’t get off the hook because it’s early access. Early access does however, make me overlook the bugs and graphical glitches I came across.My recommendation is to save your money and watch its development with bated breath. The developers are along the right path, and if things continue as they are, the game will become something truly worth playing."
76561198045037340,Recommended,259570,18891059,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sierra 5571,"After playing quite a bit let's start with the negative points:- saving errors and related issues are unfortunately quite common, which makes it frustrating. especially when you did not save for a while and all your progress and work is lost.- the ""audio-atmosphere"" is still not quite there. the sound effects are well made, but a background-music does not yet exist. it seems to be under development though- the base is not much more than blocks and bricks yet. I do not quite get why I am defending a place which is as close to a home as a rock- very few craftable weapons and no craftable armor yetAnd the positive points:+ well made animations and graphics+ innovative fighting concept+ gameplay increases in difficulty after some time, which gives the player more of a challenge+ a well made mixture of fps, strategy and building simulatorAnd most of all:+++ the developpers!!! These guys are awesome and are really taking care of the community. I have not yet seen someone who would do this much for the average player and his problems and suggestions. Here, the contribution of the fans of this game is clearly rewarded!All in all: 8/10It still needs work, but it is an early access, so there is a real chance that this game will get to be as great as the developpers want it to be."
,Recommended,259570,14284218,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[SoDu] Xytone,"EDIT: V0.0.2.- Save feature added! I can finally care about building a base properly and defending it from the mites.- Inventory changes: Ammo stacks more so you can still haul a decent amount of materials AND ammo for your destruction needs.v0.0.1. reviewTake into consideration that this game is REALLY REALLY not finished. If you are looking for a game that has alot of content and options to build alot of stuff. Don't buy it yet.Eden star looks very promising, I'm having a blast blowing up rocks and trees with my hand and destroying nature with my human destruction powers.Pro's:- Looks amazing- Fun to mine, collect, materials because of the destruction you create. I toppled a mountain of iron, jumped on it and made a cave in it so I could hide from the nasty alienses!- Crafting is limited so far but pretty simple to create a cool base- Map is huge already but I hope it gets bigger- No hours of crafting to actually get something (weapons or turrets) (Got a gun after 20mins, with 2 turrets on my base)- Devs seem responsive here on the forums to help out if you have a problem.Cons:- No way to repair damaged walls/blocks, and no way to destroy them yourself. So if your walls are broken you can't repair them until an alien blows them up.- Inventory a bit to small to carry materials, building structures, 2 guns with ammo for them.- Missing some immersion (like a cutscene or some story)"
76561198104718142,Recommended,259570,28484756,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wolfsquad,"Ive had this game for a while and have seen it develop and upgrade. Its a pretty awesome game with great developers working hard to do their best for the future of Eden Star. I noticed this game doesnt have as much reviews as it should, meaning there possibly arent as many people buying the game so i thought i would just post a review in hopes that it might do something i guess, because this game deserves to be recognised. Im just going to list a few pros and cons of this gamePros:+AMAZING graphics+The MATA-tool is a unique thing about this game. It allows you to harvest resources and damage enemies in a unique superior feeling way+Defense/base building element (Build a base and protect your eden kit, which provides a shield around a certain area to protect you from the toxic atmosphere at night time)+A lot of upgradeable objects in the game including the MATA-tool+Dedicated developers working hard to add more content to the game+Multiplayer/Co-op support+ExplorationOk now for the Cons:-The last time I played this game there wasnt much to do. You simply just mined resources, built a base and had to defend it, but that has changed a lot since then. Theres more to do, more enemies and such and more to explore.-You may need a fairly powerful computer to run this game. Ive seen a few reviews where people want a refund due to not being able to run the game. But what do you expect from a game with amazing looking graphicsWith the computer running this game problem, it still is in early access. The developers still have optimisations to do that will improve the overall performance of this game :) also theres probably a lot more positives for this game, but none come to mind at this moment. Buy the game and try it for your self :D if you dont like it just get a refund, but if you like it so far, stay along for the long haul through the many updates the developers have planned for this game!As for those sitting on the fence of whether or not to buy this game, if enough people are interested i could make a quick pros and cons video on my YouTube channel of this game. or some kind of gameplay video. Anyways thanks for taking the time to read this review :D Enjoy the game if you decide to buy it."
,Recommended,259570,14965745,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,THE ALMIGHTY LOAF,"I really want this game to succeed because it deserves to. In our time when steam market is overblown with early access buggy and glitchy games comes the devs like Flix who treat their game well, implementing new features slowly but right, with no bugs or glitches. Everything that is in the game right now works properly and while it is true that at the moment there is no heaps of content (cus Early Access of course) it is still a joy to play even in current state.  This game for me ,in a nutshell, is something i wanted to see from StarForge, but SF turned out to be a scam (fortunately i got my refund).I think the problem with not many people buying Eden Star is lack of advertisement i guess, because i never heard about the game till this day, and i found out about it accidentally through steam recommendations.I wish Flix best of luck with finishing the game.BUY THIS GAME AND SUPPORT THE DEVS!!!"
76561198037951927,Recommended,259570,32055133,Posted: 29 May,all,Tzion,"My first review was harsh, the game has a learning curve. After i got around to dying 20 times and figuring out the middle mouse wheel clicking opens different types of building stuff after i press Q, I started to like the game.HOWEVER there is not a tutorial. There's tons of key binds and ways to build you have to figure out. Good luck.So far i'm liking the game, but there needs to be a tutorial. I will recommend the game.  I haven't played multiplayer yet.This game is pretty much a first person 3d shooter of Dig or Die.  Alien bugs come out at night and will kill you. They appear to get harder with each day.  There's a few things i don't like.Cons.Sometimes when you die your bag will despawn, and normally your death is marked on the map, but it also disappears fast sometimes. Not sure if this is a bug or intended.The Utilities are your main things for the base, including crafting. Problem is, there's only a few. After night 3 I had all crafting stations and got bored fast.  I'm sure in the future they will add more stuff, but it isn't in game yet.Constantly repairing your base is a problem after night 10.  The shield kit of your base doesn't regen HP for allies or you, but it says it does in the description of each upgrade. the more you upgrade it, the farther the build area shield goes. It gets extended by a lot which i like, however this allows you to make your base bigger.  Problem with a bigger base is you can't find all the damaged stuff, and you have to repair things constantly.One time while day is going, i was repairing every wall, door, floor, cealing and utility and then night hit. Several enemies will explode when they die, and they do AOE dmg. After the night was over, a lot of my walls were damaged, and i barely got to run in the day to explore and get materials.What this game needs is a utility that slowly regens all walls and floors at the base, using materials that a player can drop into it.  (Devs add this)"
,Recommended,259570,23298021,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MrGamingRager,"At this point in time the game is really there to make you feel like a badass.. attacking hives, using your power glove and your star wars force style ability to slam aliens into the ground only to bash their tiny heads with a baton or electric blade when upgraded. Dont want to do that? Build bases or even better. Make guns! Sniper, AR, Smg and pistols are currently in and if they're are not for you then you can upgrade your glove to fire a laser! Or just be a laser minigun. Still doesnt appeal to you? How about free-running? There are many trees and cliffs for you to climb and wallrun across. If you're still not interested how about stealth. Head to the metal swamp and hide in bushes and caves while giants stroll past.. and if you're still not interested, how about doing all of it with friends or get a bunch of people together and turn it into a generic online fps. There's a lot that you can do in this game and there is a story that is suppose to be coming soon. And if you have made it this far into this review, come see me on twitter or send me a steam friend request and we can hop on together and stream or something. We can build a fps shooter or have races. It's time to suit up and head for Eden Star!"
76561197993400034,Recommended,259570,14669482,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Deperem,"A great game in the making. I bought it thinking it would be like Sanctum 2, and being a huge fan of that  type of game, grabbed this one. I was wrong, but it isn't a bad thing. The graphics are great, and the pressure to keep moving, killing, harvesting and upgrading is always on. At first the difficulty is insane. But once you learn the map a little, and figure out proper base placement and enemy capabilities, you gain a huge advantage. It's already fun as it is, albeit somewhat bare-bones, and a little buggy, but the developers seem to be dedicated to making it better. Looking at their Trello board only makes me more excited, seeing the new enemies, biomes and equipment that's upcoming.If you're undecided, there's plenty of videos up on youtube about this game, and check the aforementioned Trello board, and bookmark it.In short, If the devs keep this up, this one is definitely going to be a major contender."
76561197987449231,Recommended,259570,21554931,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BlackFire,"The game is really great at the current stage, although there still some features missing, like storages and more things you can do after you've built up your base.To keep it short, here's a Pros/Cons list.Pros- Great physics- The graphics of the game are overall breathtaking.- A huge Map with a lot of biomes and a bigger one is in developement.- The harvesting / destruction of the resources is really great and a lot of fun.- Nice crafting and upgrading system, which is still a work in progress.- Materials are respawning near their last location if you've harversted them.- The game is challenging and you can die very easilly, if you're not carefull.- The devs are very active and they show their progress on Trello.Cons- Quite hard start- The turrets have no range indicator.- Not enough different weapons or turrets.- Lack of late game objectives and challenges.In conclusion the game is really great, especially for it's current stage, even though there's still a lot to do, like objectives (or generally late game elements), more content in the world and some other small stuff that would make the game even greater. But everything i've mentioned is already in the works and a lot more too. For 20$ in it's current stage is quite reasonable. I would recommend it at it's current stage, as it only gets better."
76561198130137709,Recommended,259570,23764290,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,nerdtwerker,I'ts ok its fun and looks good but ill wait till pve official servers come out to play it again as my first 10 hours were rewarded by logging back in and seeing my base had been taken over I'd been killed and all my stuff gone.When did us gamers become such a-holes?
,Recommended,259570,17872433,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Northern Phantom,"Currently the game shows a lot of potential but only has about 5 hours of engaging content, Though I've found fun in just going around and hunting newly spawned hives ever morningPros- Fun basebuilding with semi-accurate physics- Large map to explore (I have 3 maxed eden kits out and I still have a lot of ground to cover)- Interesting weapon/tool crafting/upgrading system- Materials slowly respawn so you dont have to run across the map later in the game just for 3 resources- Eden kits periodically spawn thus allowing you to search for them instead of crafting adding more exploration to the gameCons- Incredibly steep learning curve at the start- Lack of  real content to do after building/upgrading everything without having personal challenges to complete- No tangible way to track progression (hives respawn, fully built eden kits cover a small area and dont combine)- Perma death despite the fact you can save scum before you do something stupid (cant just do another drop pod animation?)- Turrets have no range indicators thus making it hard to know if you are safely covered- Eden kits cannot be placed near one another uniformly for whatever reason- Lack of challenging enemies makes combat boring after you upgrade the gauss rifles fire rate once- Rifle/pistol and laser module become redundant after making making a slightly upgraded gauss rifle and upgraded mining tool respectively- Only plays one track of a droning tone for music the entire time- Only a master volume slider with no option for music/sound/etcThat said, the game is great its a lot of fun for the first 5 hours for the average person (longer if you can find stuff to do), the development team is quite active in their update notes and forum postings giving hope that the game will be finished instead of forever beta"
,Recommended,259570,14316129,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find a video and written impression on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59b-RsaGdXEEden Star is a high fidelity crafting survival game with a sci-fi spin. You'll be tossed into an alien planet, gathering resources to craft defenses for your base, as during the night you could potentially get swamped by waves of enemies. Besides the danger of facing hoards of mobs, you'll also be exposed to toxic air, as the atmosphere of the planet turns toxic when the sun sets.Though the game states that it's a survival game, from my experience I feel that it's not a ""true"" survival game. There's no hunger, or thirst meter, and you don't go around the map collecting scattered objects. Every thing you need is all crafted. I would compare Eden Star to Minecraft much more than DayZ. I think when the devs mentioned survival they were referring to the base defense aspect, and perhaps the toxic air during the nights.The flow of the game is this: During the day you'll explore the map, gathering as much materials as possible, and when night falls you'll be under the protection of your base from the toxic air, while crafting defensive items, such as walls, weapons, and sentries to help you defend, that's if you're lucky to get a night where you're not hounded by waves of enemies. If that is the case, you'll probably be spending the night fending off mobs and making repairs.In it's current state, Eden Star is very playable, with enough features and functions for the player to explore, and it's also quite stable with out any crashes and a mostly consistent frame rate. But, being in early access, at the point of this impression the game does lack an ""end game"". Once you have every thing you need crafted with a well fortified base, there's not really much more to do. Couple this with the game's lack of save function, the player may lose interest much sooner than the game intends.The game looks good overall, using the unreal4 engine and does a good job at conveying the alien landscape. I don't have much complaints about the games visuals, though a more robust options with better graphic settings would be welcomed.Overall, Eden Star looks like it has a lot of potential with an interesting premise for a crafting game. I would love to see the game live up to it's ""survival"" description a little more, but here's hoping in future patches, we'll see more of that aspect come to light. It's an intriguing entry into the genre, and at the very least, worth keeping an eye on.Impression written on version: 0.0.1.9005Pros:- Good looking landscape- Base defense is a lot of fun- Good crafting system- Playable and stableCons:- Lacks content and an ""end game""- I don't feel like it lives up to the ""survival"" description currently- underwhelming options menu"
76561198088188117,Recommended,259570,21441350,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Lone Shadow,"Great idea and starting to get implemented BUT F&%^$%$g HARD to play!Its frustrating that you can barely last a night because enemies are super strong and too numerous.  Spoils the game to start and make near impossible to survive.The biggest complaint is there is NO tutrial, help, or any idea on what your meant to be doing, and the building menu system, though interesting, is awkward to use and get your head around.Graphics and control are more than adequate and although not perfect, make the game more than playable and useable. (Except for the enemy and building system as mentioned.)The floating world is novel but I personally would love to see a solid world and more to explore etc. Dying because you ran off an edge to oblivian sort of loses it!I still recommend the game as it has too much potential to dismiss and unfortunately you can't give a mediocre score.I really really really hope the developers get it together and make this game show the true potential it has.IMO what this game requires sooner than later:Less aggressive enemies at the start.  let them build up.Re do the building system so you have some idea on what your actually building.  Building the same♥♥♥♥♥♥with different materials is good, but you basically have zero idea on what is the better, stronger etc...Give some better idea on the upgrade system.  IE explaing the crazy sci fi terms so the people can understand.Give a tutorial section, for example at the beginning, so players can get their head around the complex building, upgrade and maintenance cyle.Offer a repair option for structures.  There MAY already be some way of repairing and rebuilding the structures that get ruined so easily by the enemy, but I've yet to find it?!Lastly, although this may seem negative, I believe this game has huge potential, and hopefully will improve as development continues.It looks good, plays well in regards to FPS and graphics etc.  And is fun to play, until nightfall when every super powerful indestructable alien comes out and wrecks everythin within minutes...Do I recommend ?Yes but not for all at this stage..."
76561198025772056,Recommended,259570,23148832,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,JinKo82,"wow, this game looks and plays amazing for pre-alpha. I was hoping to get this if it went on sale but said screw it and do not regret it. as of 9.5 hours in, i have yet to find any bugs.PROs:very detailedsmall learning curveno leveling or grindingall enemies are easy killsmassive inventory (3000 spaces)multiplayer is almost hiccupless when playing in central US on a server in Parissomewhat of a tutorial in single playerresource gathering is very easy and the tool does not break nor do any other items you useCONs:very small mapenemies pose no threat once you have two turrets upplayer shadow is horrible (if you have a gun out you see it but it floats as you run with arms pumping)almost non existant playerbase (i am on the chicago server now)I truely hope that the devs keep working on this and can't wait to see this thing in alpha let alone beta (lets hope it makes it that far)"
76561197972161391,Recommended,259570,14733955,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,NarCiuss,"Updated Info: v0.0.4New Enemy and Gameplay elements add further depth to the current game systems.  IKA enemy adds new challenge in the form of ground to air combat.   Expanded RMD allows you to invest more into your pioneer.  Upgrades like damage, accuracy and mining enhancements.  Increased Daylight allowing your pioneer to prepare for the nightly onslaught.  Ability to restore your base from said onslaught, available in AOE flavor.  Many new features and bug fixes, that add to the already excellent gameplay that is Eden Star.This update adds to the $20 value substantially!-----In it's current state, Eden Star is completely playable.  Their use of the UE4 here is amazing.  PhysX partnered with eyecandy particle effects and an excellent implementation on destruciton.  That alone is what makes the game worth it.  Now add in basic building and crafting, that will be further expanded in time.  Tower defense system makes you care for your base.  Two enemy types to eradicate from the planet.  The joys to be had in throwing bugs around are satisfying.  The environment is beautiful and fun to play in.There are some negatives at the moment.  Enemy and AI bug out, insane amounts and improper pathing.  Upgrading EKs are too easy.  Crashing if your unlucky.  FPS drops whilst mining trees, tons of bugs on screen.Now Flix interactive!  They seem to be transparent.  Communication with the community.  Trello board with plenty of information.  Seem trustworthy so far!I've been burnt, most recent was TSL sigh.  I have my doubts about EA just as everyone else.  So far color me impressed.  30 hours logged, will spend more.  $20 seems right for what your currently getting.UE4 is now free maybe Flix will allow us to mod.Edited and Updated for v0.0.4Review of v0.0.4"
76561197971809180,Recommended,259570,24234448,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,valachi,"This game is the perfect example of what an ""early access"" game should be. It executes its core gameplay perfectly, and simply adds to depth, content and polish as it evolves. As it stands now, the motivation stands mostly with base building and resource accumulation to defend yourself from hostile creatures. While that might seem a bit shallow, that process is so much fun, you'll find yourself dozens of hours in before you realize you haven't even tried to explore. There is a constantly evolving crafting aspect that only grows with each update as well. Eden Star is highly recommended."
,Recommended,259570,17372846,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,xX_GRUCH4_MLG_1N_Y0_ASS_Xx,"Absolutely amazing and breath takeing game.I found it by mistake, and Im very happy bout it. in the game you play as pionieer sent to other planet to colonise it or something ( you know, basic♥♥♥♥♥♥). But plot is not what its about. The gratest advantage of this game is its beauty. It runs on Unreal engine 4, and has TONS and TONS of particle effects. Second advantage is that it gives SO MUCH PURE FREAKIN FUN, just building all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ like turrets, energy fences and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that gives so much satisfaction. For a pre-alpha it has unbeliveable amount of content, and the fact that everything that is there will be expanded at least twice as much just made me fall in love with it. Of course it lacks in number of monsters and passive fauna, but its just pre alpha. I highly suggest buying it, best spent 20 EURO in my life."
76561197986955769,Recommended,259570,18992437,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Bloody Spy!,"Eden Star is another open world, survival and crafting game available in early access on Steam. But what separates it from the all the rest that are vying for your hard-earned money are some nice twists, a unique combat system, and a futurisitc sci-fi setting. (okay, GRAV has that last one but BitMonster,Inc really dropped the ball with their futuristic survival game)It’s worth noting at this point that Eden Star is in a very early alpha state and that there is a LOT of content that needs to be added. At the moment I’d say that there’s about 2-4 hours worth of gameplay (depending how much you like base building). But even in its current state it's good fun, it has a solid gameplay foundation, and has a vast amount of potential. Moreover, the devs seem genuinely passionate about their creation, are continually keeping us updated with their plans and their progress, and are very good at replying to comments in the forums.So, Eden Star has a unique combat system that involves grabbing enemies with your telekinetic device and then throwing them in a chosen direction. This brings no end of fun, as you can launch them soaring up high into the air only to have them plummet and splat back onto the ground several moments later (okay, the devs haven’t added a nice squishy “splat” yet). After grabbing you can also quickly turn around and cast individual aliens off a cliff and watch them disappear down into the misty abyss below, or (and my personal favourite) you can grab one alien bug and use it to smash another one in a truly delightful process that hasn’t ceased to amuse me.In addition to the grab and smash approach, your equipment has an energy blast weapon that does exactly what it says to the alien creatures. This can be upgraded through unlocks to increase the power and duration of the blast so that it becomes a concentrated beam of searing energy. Thus adding another unique feature to this genre.The final part of (the current) combat are the more traditional weapons (currently just a pistol and an assault rifle), which help to complete the FPS aspect of the game. (There’s a rather nice looking sniper rifle on the Eden Star drawing board, and there are plans for grenades too)Harvesting resources is an essential part of the survival genre, and here Eden Star provides another variation on the theme. Instead of hacking away at rocks and trees with hammers and axes you use your energy harness tool to disintegrate and extract materials from their surroundings. Large rock formations slowly fall to pieces as the “tractor beam” wrenches them out of place and into your inventory.It’s actually quite satisfying to watch a tree crumble under gravity and disintegrate in front of you as you harvest the materials and energy from it with your high-tech resource gathering tool. What makes this even greater is that you can upgrade this, as well, to make harvesting faster and also to allow you to perform it from a greater distance from the target material. I really do love the unlockable and upgradeable features they’ve included so far.An interesting twist to the genre appears upon nightfall. Whereas Savage Lands brings a terribly bitter cold that forces you to seek shelter and huddle around a campfire to which you cling for dear life, and The Forest plunges you into true pitch black conditions in a hostile woodland, Eden Star brings something new to the table. As well as an increase in enemy activity (this is when you’ll be doing the most of your tower defence of your base) night time brings a potentially lethal exposure to radiation that compels you to withdraw and find refuge under the protective umbrella of your base’s energy shield. Keep an eye on the planet’s local time because you will need to get back to safety before you become fatally irradiated and/or before the hostile indigenous life rips your base to shreds.Very briefly, the base building is excellent so far and seems to be a futuristic version of Rust. Eden Star allows you to build floors, walls, and ceilings separately so that you can construct your base exactly how you want it. No prefabricated rooms or buildings that constrict your creative freedom here!Obviously, because this is still very early access I will be updating this review in the future after the devs have released significant updates. But for the time being I’m giving Eden Star a definite thumbs up!Things I would like/need to see developed for the final game include:- More action. Many more hostile life forms that are more threatening, thus deepening the FPS and tower defence aspects of the game to develop it into a true survival experience. The world is a little tame at the moment.- More types of defence towers and the addition of traps to defend your base during the night time attacks.- More fauna. Hostile, neutral, and friendly to enhance the feeling of the environment and the immersive atmosphere.- More geological feature. E.g. caves, water systems, impassable cliffs, geothermal pits, volcanoes - again to improve the environment further and to provide some unique locations for exploration.- Some sort of story and quests (i.e. an end game scenario). E.g. destroy all enemy life to make the planet habitable for your race to colonise. Or survive long enough to build a shuttle to escape from the hostile world on which you’ve been stranded. These are just my ideas.*** 21st December 2015 Update ***- A new energy blade melee weapon (that's rather reminiscent of Star War's light sabres). This is really good fun to use, it sounds absolutely fantastic (although quite a few ingame sounds are still buggy), and it really adds to the futuristic setting of Eden Star.- Two new enemies, the best of which is a particularly agressive flying creature that will suicide bomb attack your eden kit if you're not careful. It'll also dive attack you as well, knocking you back quite a distance. This can easily push you outside the shield of your eden kit thereby exposing you to the lethal night time radiation, or even worse, can propel you off a cliff to instant death. Be careful how you fight them!- Multiplayer!!! Both coop and PvP!For more information on current progress and future plans, check out what the devs post ontrello.com, and as always leave questions here and I'll get back to you.Happy surviving, and remember: if you do die, be sure to clean up the mess please."
76561198105726676,Recommended,259570,22530066,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Phantom,"Another Survival game? yes... but it IS different, It has a faster pace, day and night cycles actually has a meaning, breaking the routine and forcing you to engage in some action.   Graphics and particles are great considering its current stage in development. The only negative point would be that that it lacks some content, but then again it is Pre-Alpha so it is understandable, and im sure more and more content will be added. If the devs maintain the current tragectory, we will have a fantastic Sci-FI survival game on our hands here.Should you buy it?  If your going to be impatient and pedantic?                      Then NoIf you enjoy a game that delivers new aspectsto a very competitive genre of games, all whilstyou witness its development and increase in weight?       Then YesIf you love Sci-Fi?                                                                 YESYou want a faster pace Survival game with beautifullgraphics and particles?                                                        YES"
,Recommended,259570,15722582,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ArthurPlays,"This is an Early Access review of Eden Star. This review will contain what I've learned from my 15+hrs of playing the game.Eden Star is, currently, an Early Access game about a character who crashes on an alien planet and must find specific parts from an object called the Eden Kit. The tutorial gives you everything you need to know on how to play the game from start to finish.The game is created through the Unreal 4 Engine. The engine has great potential, and the developers have given the game rather nice texures for obvious reasons.You begin the game falling from the sky and landing in a pod of some kind. As the door shoots open you are greeted to the alien planet along with a fiery sky show of fallen ship parts. Your goal is to go and retrieve an Eden Kit to call your home.After building a base out of trees, rocks and other minerals you can gather, it should soon be night time. During this time you will want to stay near  your Eden Kit and inside of your bubble to keep your shield up and to stay safe from enemies that will come for your Eden Kit's power. Once your power is destroyed so is your respawn point.You are able to build guns, augments, upgrades, and eventually armor for your character to defend themselves with. You may also build defence weapons for your base like turrents and electrified fencing.Pros:+Great controles and rebinding capability+Ajustable resolutions+Great crafting system/UI+Amazing replayability+Perfect atmosphere+Multiplayer+Range of graphics options+Beautiful visuals/graphicsCons:+Can sometimes lag on max settings (980ti GPU)Bugs/Glitches:+Specific area of the map that allows your Eden Kit to never be attacked.Overall this game is a lot like Subnautica but, better in my opinion. It is a very fun game to waste time or let's play for a YouTube channel. If this game was played by a famous let's player it would get a lot of traffic.I give this game an 9/10! I've never been fond of Early Access games but, this game shows a lot of promise even in its current pre-alpha stage!"
76561198027453018,Recommended,259570,17566603,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SpaceFalconzzz,"Eden star is an amazing game. It combines so many strange crazy ideas such as Minecraft, mirrors edge, mass effect and survival and somehow pulls it off but not just that it does it so well. The point of the game is that you are whoever you think your character is future Steve, Commander Shepard, a dog in a space suit, and you must survive as long as you can. Think Minecraft but with a survival mode during the night. During the night monsters will emerge and attempt to attack your base's heart the Eden Kit. The Eden Kit is important because it is responsible for three things. It allows you to respawn, it creates a shield that blocks out the radiation of the night which will eat away at your shield and it helps you regen health which as far as I can tell cannot be regenerated any other way. Also you die easy. The world is huge and it contains a gorgeous landscape that you could spend hours exploring and admiring. Even now though I have seen a lot of the environment it still makes me go wow as the colours and designs and contrasts are perfect. The render distance also helps as you can see so far and see so much. There are many puzzles comprised of jumps and plat forming however there is a free running mechanic. The free running mechanic is almost as good as mirrors edge the only problem is that the game doesn't run at 60 fps for me so it is a bit clunky but otherwise reminiscent of mirrors edge (which had one of the best free running system I have ever used that put assassins creed to shame). The crafting though simplistic is still detailed and very creative you have four different types of building shapes. Primitive which are simply cubes that can be crafted out of several materials, panels which is self-explanatory which can be made of many materials as well. Foundations which you use to create a flat area to build your base on and finally ramps which are ramps shocking I know.  The game also comes which a weapon system and upgrade system. So far there are few upgrades and only 2 weapons. A pistol and rifle. Yet the aiming feels precise and the weapons powerful while the upgrades feel effective. The respawn system is my favorite out of every game ever as it is good but so devilish. You use this material called tesliuim which is used also to increase the shield radius of your Eden Kit and it is used to respawn however it requires one but since there are no chest or other storage containers if you die you lose all your materials, blocks and ammo. So might as well be carrying 1 tesliuim but happily you keep all your weapons and upgrades. There is some much more to Eden Kit and there is some much is being added for example the developers have considered adding a multiplayer which sounds amazing.This game has so much potential it’s crazy especially because the concept is so strange. It is one of those ideas that if pulled off right will be just the best. Please check this game out at least go on YouTube and watch some gameplay because even if it never gets updated again it is worth the money. Have a great day and never stop gaming ever. Well unless you need a break.NOTE TO DEVELOPERS: Excuse me developers if/when you add multiplayer please make it private so friends can invite each other their games cause otherwise we will get what happens in mc grievers, trolls and other abominations of the gaming community, yet if it can be played amongst friends it will be just the greatest game ever made."
,Recommended,259570,28612451,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fueg0pants,"I have been playing this game since before it was released on steam and followed it's development since it's initial release. Also, it's a little buggy in VR (not officially supported, but the Unreal Engine has built in VR support), but a fun experience!The biggest PRO of this game: The Devs.Yes development has been a lottle slow in comparison to some early access titles, but god damnit are they consistent. I don't think they've ever missed a single weekly update and they almost always have some new and interesting content in the works.The biggest CON: Early accessAs with any early access title, occaisonally there are bugs and gameplay is not as fleshed out as you would hope, However, the devs have done a great job of implementing and stablizing new content at a steady pace. Whenever I get tired of this game I know that I can set it down for 6 months and there will be fresh new content when I come back.Final Thoughts:This is a game I would pick up if it seems appealing, as the studio has said the price will increase proportionally to how finished they feel the game is. It's a great deal for $15 as it will provide 5-10 hrs of solid gameplay in it's current state, and the dev's have proven to be consistent in updating their content. This is on my top-10 early access list.7/10 for now, likely to be 8 or 9 by the end of 2017."
76561198106938338,Recommended,259570,19505603,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,haden.tissk,"Remember, this game is pre Alpha. So you are going to run into the occasinal bug, crash, or failed save attempt. That being said, it happens way less often than other alphas I have played.At it's price point, the game offers some great content. Awesome graphics, fun resource and crafting mechanics, and it controls like a pretty good shooter.But the best part about this game is its growth potential, and if you read through even a couple of the developer updates; you can tell this game is going to grow and grow and grow.Top marks for Eden Star"
,Recommended,259570,19891963,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lehsyrus,"Eden Star is a fantastic game, and the direction it is being taken in is one I can whole-heartedly support. I've backed numerous Survival EA games, and this one by far is the best one I've backed so far.You're dropped in an escape pod onto an alien planet, where the nights become so toxic they can kill you. The aliens on the planet do not like your being there, and attack you. You have your MATA-Tool on your hand to gather materials and build, but that's the extent of what you have in the beginning.You get an Eden Kit, which provides power and a shield to keep you safe at night. The aliens do not like the Eden Kit, and will attack it, becoming more aggressive as time goes on. Collecting materials, you have to craft with them to build your base to keep you and your Eden Kit safe from hostilities. You can craft a multitude of different blocks, turrets with different attributes, and utilities like doors and generators.You can also use what you have gathered to upgrade your suit, make weapons (assault rifle, pistol, sniper rifle, submachine gun) and to craft ammo, of which you can make different types.There are three biomes, with more planned. They are hand-crafted and well detailed, with different advantages and disadvantages.The aliens you encounter will all be different, from little splintermites crawling around like pests to a bird that likes to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and steal the materials you're working on gathering.They recently introduced multiplayer, which is basic for now, but has a colony system to allow people to group together.The game runs on Unreal Engine 4, and the graphics are fantastic compared to other EA titles I've seen in the Survival genre.The developers also release consistent blog development updates about the game, what they are working on, what they are fixing, and each individual person working on the game gives a short snippet of what they are currently focused on.All in all it's a great game, great concept, great execution, all done by a great and vocal development team.Edit:I've played the game more than the few hours it says, not sure why it says that. I've put in probably around 20 at least."
76561198019395051,Recommended,259570,20618068,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Fluffy,"So, I saw this last year and thought: ""That looks amazing, it can't be that good"" Well, I ate my words, here are some thoughts I've had about the game and the (amazing) company.Pros:1) Extremely involved and attentive development team - Not only do they communicate with the players, they ARE players themselves, they play the game and share many of the same interests as the community. They're friendly, polite and I'd love to join them in game some time.2) Even in alpha this game has very few bugs that I have found, and the developers find bugs I never knew existed and fix them quickly. In addition to this they give patch notes that explain in english any gamer can understand without being overwhelming.3) A well-planned development map that so far they have followed. The developers give frequent updates on the status of their work and share teaser screenshots. The development map is updated often with ideas that players and devs alike want. They don't seem to hear a new idea and go ""Oh we can't do that, that would require work!""4) Graphically pleasing, this game is gorgeous and performs well on even my 3-year old GPU and 5-6 year old motherboard/processor.Cons:1) Being alpha, this game does not have quite as much content as I would like. However, see my comment about the development map and keep in mind they update frequently.So, in closing, would I recommend this game? Yes, I would. If you are patient and interested, help the devs out and join the pre-alpha. You'll have content to last you for quite a while and they're constantly adding more. If you aren't into early access? That's alright too, keep up with the development map and don't forget Eden Star: this game is going to be even more amazing than it is now.Cheers to the devs and anyone who made it this far-Pup"
,Recommended,259570,20150249,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Franky,"To say that there are a fair number of ""crafting survival"" games these days would be a dramatic understatement. It seems like nary a week goes by without a handful more hitting Steam, let alone other platforms. And yet, Eden Star is proof positive that there is still a lot of room for different, novel ideas to take root in a genre becoming increasingly crowded.It's highly likely that you've played this kind of game a thousand times before now. Start with nothing. Forage stuff. Build stuff. Survive the night. Forage better stuff. Survive the increasingly difficult nights. And so on. The basic gameplay loop hasn't fundamentally changed from what Minecraft established years ago.Where Eden Star differentiates itself is two fold: one, its sci fi skin actually proves to be pretty compelling, as both the bases, defences, and weaponry you have at your disposal genuinely feel rewarding. There's inklings of Mass Effect and Deus Ex here in everything from the weapon design to the way the ""magic"" feels. The core gameplay here is rock solid.More importantly, though, Eden Star differentiates itself by way of its developers. Early access games are hard to get right, and Eden Star is helmed by a crew who is deadset on staying active in the community. The Trello Board is updated frequently, and the communicativeness of their planning and execution makes this one Early Access title you shouldn't be afraid of.Plus, having just patched in an entire multiplayer mode right before the holidays, it's clear the crew is dedicated to their game.Ultimately, though, both of these differentiating factors wouldn't matter if the game wasn't fun to play, and it is. More content will only help Eden Star become an even better, more widely adopted and successful game than it already is.Here's to that future success."
,Recommended,259570,33790350,Posted: 25 July,all,Tekkarath,"This is an amazing framework to build on for the future, the building and crafting systems are pretty solid.  But more importantly the movement system is amazing, I first realized there was more to movement in this game when I ran from the initial starting point to the first base you're led to.  It was dark, I didn't know how to activate the personal light (It's L I just hadn't tried it yet) and I ran headfirst into a tree.  Before I could strafe I had run into it, and then something strange happened, I seemed to runupthe tree.Well it was dark and I was being chased so I chalked it up to pre-alpha, new game, whatever.  But after I'd survived the night and had some time to play around with the game without being attacked, I realized that If I ran at vertical objects I could run up them a bit.  Tapping the jump button when I was close to an edge after running up a wall allowed me to grab the edge and pull myself up (You can also climb half walls by tapping jump next to them), it took some getting used to but after some practice I can scale two or three story buildings as long as there are handholds of some kind (windows, half walls).  Not to mention the wall running, which If I were the type to build a free-running obstacle course with the in-game building system (I'm not, but maybe if I get bored enough) I could probably waste another twenty or so hours on that alone.Now I've played Mirror's Edge so I wasn't new to games with excellent movement, but I just wasn't expecting it in a pre-alpha game marketed as a building/survival type.The building is pretty easy, and bit more detailed than most games in which you can build freely in an open world.  Foundations, walls, fortifications, ceilings  are your starting point, add half walls, doorways etc. to taste but if you build too big you'll need to use support beams to hold up your floor.  The added realism of needing proper support for larger buildings also plays a part in the 'destroy' part of the game, since you could bring down a significant portion of a building by attacking the foundation or beams.  There may not be anything currently implemented that powerful (Explosives, missiles, other high tech future stuff), but the potential is there.Destroying things can be pretty satisfying, your building tool also doubles as a 'grabber' for wildlife and some enemies, and slinging the mouse in any direction will fling the offending object out of your way, and possibly into nearby rocks or trees.  If it's your kind of thing just walking around gobbling down rocks and trees for materials is a good way to waste an in-game day, if it isn't your thing you can change how fast you gather materials or how much material is recieved from each item destroyed.  Most nights you'll be holed up in base keeping your things from being destroyed, healing walls and turrets, or possibly just watching the carnage unfold from your personal observation deck if your defenses are good enough.The enemies aren't too terribly smart, but their types reflect how they act.  Bug-types, swarm and overwhelm mostly, there are a couple other types, but nothing smart enough to get through a well-made defense.  There's a very Starship Troopers feel to defending your base sometimes, but nowhere near the sense of dread since the enemies mostly mill about the ground attacking your doors and getting chewed up by your turrets, there are some flying enemies, but if you keep your turrets upgraded they aren't too large a threat.  Having some enemies to scale walls and attack turrets or doors on the top of your base, or maybe some that could slip in through windows to attack power supplies.Currently at what I assume is 'endgame' tech (fully upgraded eden kit, multiple level three turrets, two weapons with tons of ammo), surviving the night feels like being a lone Marine in a well defended base facing a really poorly timed zerg rush, I feel like if they all came at once I wouldn't stand much of a chance, but they're staggered enough that my turrets wipe them out in droves.But there are certainly worse complaints to have about a pre-alpha game than 'It feels like Starship Troopers or Starcraft sans the Protoss but I'm not dying enough' so even if these guys go belly up tomorrow and this is what I'm left with to play I still consider it money well spent."
,Recommended,259570,23902179,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nemic.,"I truely like the concept of this game even though it's at an early state.Sure there isn't much to do atm except collect, build and kill enemies.This game runs very well for being an alpha.It has a small map right now at 1,5km but there is going to be a mapat the size of 16km, cannot wait.Day/Night cycleThere is a day and night cycle in this game, day time last 15 minutes where it's safe to collect materials etc. Night last 5 minutes and right now not that fatal depends how you play, there is some kind of ""gas"" at night were you take damage from, but right now it just deplete your shield. Other than that, enemies/npc becomes hostile and will going to attack you/your base. Otherwise they will only attack if you are near their hive at day time.Build menuIt's functional, but could be better.Like that you can build walls, turrets, etc with other material to change the health of the building.CombatCombat...I cannot be to harsh on this, mainly because it's an alpha and you cannot except to much in this state.So let's say this, the combat is fine but could do some work.There will be new type of enemies as time goes by.UpgradesThis one is quite unique, like I said that you could change the hp depending on the material you were using on that wall, turret, etc. You can also upgrade your kinectic abilities, walls to become fortified and what I saw on dev post there will become armor upgrades. (see the link below for more information).WeaponsYou start out with 2 sort of kinectic abilities, one were you do splash damage and the other were you can lift enemies up and throw them away. Then you have atm 4 weapons, assault rifle, pistol, sniper and smg.For more information about their developmentclick hereI highly recommend this game, because of its conecpt and potential of becoming a great game. If you are uncertain, add it atleast to wishlist/follow.Hopefully this will help some to make a decision, first time doing a review so I hope I did not miss any crucial points."
76561198063594521,Recommended,259570,30833941,Posted: 30 March,all,Lunar Echo,"I won't lie, this game isn't the best. It has only a single pregenerated map, limited enemies, craftable items with no use or with no way to get the resources for them, and a playerbase that is almost nonexistent. That being said there are worse things you could do with $20. Weapon costumization is relativly advanced, you feel threatened without worrying that you'll die every five minutes, and most importantly the devs are still working on it. It might be two years before we ever see something aproaching a full game but we will get that game."
,Recommended,259570,15271935,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,fightmeirlbro,I really really want to play this game but I keep crashing on startup. I can't reccomend a game I can't play.Edit: The developers of this game are spectacular.Their quick responses to negative reviews involving bugs are great and helped many people solve their problems with bugs. Although my game isn't fixed yet I won't let this review drag this game down.Edit 2: Due to the recent update IT WORKS! I've been waiting to play this game for so long :D Thanks devs!
76561197978130221,Recommended,259570,21800440,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rebmes,"March 12, 2016 - Pre-AlphaTLDRPros+Beautiful Environment+Smooth, flexible character mobility+Simple gathering system+Build a base, defend at nightCons-Combat feels unsatisfying-Extremely limited base building options-No sense of progression (resources / monsters)VerdictWhile the simplicity of it all is satisfying at first, you'll soon wonder what on earth you'll do next to keep things interesting.Full ReviewAfter over a year in Early Access, I expected more.I played the game for an hour, built everything there was to build, and tasted a few nights of combat. Some people are giggly wiggly over the fact that you can grab the monsters from afar and toss them around; I feel that overall, combat just isn't satisfying. Your weapons feel like crap; when you hit something, it'd be nice to have some feedback / recoil / monster recoiling / Something! Even the meelee doesn't work so well; half the time, you will automatically target a dead monster instead of the live one right next to it. What irks me even more is that monsters have no loot, in a world full of things to be looted.Indeed, if combat isn't so great, this type of game often falls back on creativity via building stuff, and exploration. I found however, that I could build everything right away! The resources aren't hard to find, or challenging to get; there's no sense of progression. I can't venture to a more dangerous area to retrieve a rare material to build a cooler turret to defend against a stronger monster. I can't discover more advanced tools or machines for my base, to fill it up with; I can just build a bigger base to fill up with a maximum of 3 types of turrets - and there isn't even an explanation of what differentiates them from one another.I really wanted to love this game, and was excited to play it, but after an hour, all that's left to do is build more iron foundations and walls, more of the 1 model power generator, more eden kits, more of the same 3 turrets, and watch it all take down more monsters at night. Inevitably, I will fall off another cliff along the way, or die inexplicably outside my front door, and lose all my gathered materials again.Perhaps in another year the game will be more fleshed out and start to resemble a final product; for now, all that can be done is play around with the mechanics."
76561198008527550,Recommended,259570,17144496,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ElseEight,"""Eden Star :: Destroy - Build - Protect"" Review:Pros:1. Very good looking game for a pre-alpha2. Simple easy to understand3. Objectives (even tho there currently is very few)4. Very little bugs for a pre-alphaCons:1. Lack of content2. Very small map3. Only two types of enemies4. Very few building optionsSummary:""Eden Star :: Destroy - Build - Protect"" is still in Pre-Alpha build but from my time playing I realized it is a fantastic game (even tho there is a lack in content but hey its in Pre-Alpha). This game has a ton of potential, hopefully there will be multiplayer in the future (but I doubt it). I would definitly recommend buying this game and at least trying it."
76561198097975407,Recommended,259570,24650880,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,TRAITOR!,"This game is something special. It uses a common genre of game, survival, and puts its own unique spin to it where theres no pickaxe or hatchet to gather resources, but instead the environment can be absorbed. This means resources don't disappear or have a crumbling animation, but instead you take chunks out of the environment and this gives a very satisfying feeling to gathering. In addition to this the map is large with diverse enemies which come with their respective biomes. And to add the cherry to the cake the dev team are active and involve the community in shaping the game.Since this game is still early access that means that we can expect so much more, which means there really isn't a reason NOT to get this game, its visually appealing and its mechanics are solid. So in all this game is definitely worth getting.EDIT: After checking out the Trello board for the game, I'm sold! This dev team reminds me of the Subnautica one, active and ambitious and thats a great mix for any games development, theres so many new features on the way it just helps further boost the reason why this game needs backers!"
,Recommended,259570,26464886,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ðéá†h,"After playing 33.8 hours of gameplay in 7 days and I work 65 hours a week with 2 jobs and I have a 3 month old son, im gonna say if you don't pick this up while its $20, your gonna miss out, this game will increase in price at some point, the quality of the content that is released is outstanding, the kind of stuff you would expect from AAA developers. Now I can personally say there has been a 1.5 gig update and a 1.6 gig update within 7 days of each other (first day I bought it, and day before I wrote the review). These updates are not chincy to say the least, they make sure every single update the release is polished and out standing with no bugs and glitches to be seen, Developers of this game are EXTREMELY amazing, they not only listen to the players but they take your suggestion to the drawing board if it should be in the game. They are adding friendly drones soon that I feel is gonna be extremely needed because the enemies do a lot of damage right now. They did just re-do the entire ORE system with all new ores, I like the update but wish they would bring back the old made-up scy fi rocks they originally created for the game just to make the game feel like there is a lot of choices. All-In-All great game pick it up now so we can get into Multi-Player and start designing a huge base together!"
76561198006250833,Recommended,259570,31719720,Posted: 13 May,all,dev_boy,"How has this game got mixed recent reviews????Firstly, the devs may not role out updates every week but they keep you upto date with what they are doing with very frequent new news about what they are doing.  When tehy role out any updates its well tested and a huge jump.The game could load for an hour and I'd still say its worth the wait!!!!!All in all if your like survival and combat type games then I think your'll love this.  The mix of both is well done.I think 40+ hours of game time should say quiet a bit, so listern to the 2 hours or less reviews if you wish, but seriously your missing a little gem that is I think only going to get better."
76561197988721412,Recommended,259570,14251808,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rufour,"the game so far (v0.0.1.)- the tutorial consists of 10x3 meaningfull pictures with a short text, explaining the basics you need to get into the game.You can access them anytime via the menu or just read them as they pop up at specific key-moments while playing the game.- the game itself (atm) is single player only. You start with a little spawning sequence and get told to pick up your first core-node-thingy (sry, forgot the name). After you did so, you can just roam arround and explore the quite interesting, not too big, world and get an idea where to find which resources.Enemies aren't a big problem, as long as you don't get too close to their nests. As soon as you place your first core, nearby enemies will try to reach and destroy it. Sadly, i placed mine too far away from any nest, so they didn't really realize it and didn't try to attack. I belive they are much more agressive at night.There is no save/load right now and if you die, you wont respawn, instead the game restarts where it began. (at least it did so for me, while the tutorial says you will respawn at your core... idk, maybe my core got destroyed while i have been dead)- stuff.... i wont list it all in details, but there are many quite interesting things you can craft and build already. The interface is done very well. Nothing too complicated while still having a good depth of complexity.Sooooo, quite interesing and recommended! Hopefully it wont take too long until there is a save/load feature and some of the other stuff the devs are currently working on (you may have a look at the trello if you are interested)Extremly high potential! Lets see where this will end up =)"
,Recommended,259570,18172257,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Primus,"This game has tons of potential and the devs are always on the ball, ready to respond to whatever queries we have on their Trello board. Looks amazing for early access! The only thing I would suggest is adding a 'free build' mode so we can get a better feel for the awesome basebuilding mechanic.10/10 glad I bought it."
,Recommended,259570,19659278,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"That is an interesting concept.In this game you are playing a some sort of fusion between a open world sandbox game, where you gather materials and build your place aaand a tower defense game in a way. The goal is to build a decent base, place couple of defenses around it and in a daytime, you can wander around, gather materials, fight some alien beetles in your way, explore, build some more. But in the night, you should go home and defend. The insects are coming to ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up.So, it's a bit unusual idea, graphics are good and I haven't seen any bugs so far. Also, this game promises coop in some time, so you could play it with a friend of yours. The only downside that I see so far, is that the updates are a little bit slow, but it is understandable, as the it's a small team behind this project. So... To keep it short, it's a good game and it's well worth it's price. I do recommend it.8/10."
,Recommended,259570,25449813,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Arshin53,"I really Love this game. The devs are are always putting out updates, and very social on twitter. Always sharing what they're doing/gonna do next and having the community pitch in their 2 cents before doing anything major.This game really is something to try out, It's Always growing and More to come In the futureThe Only CON I can tell you is, They Wipe the Servers once in a while when they have big patches for updates.Yes I HIGHLY Recommend This Game."
76561198040521597,Recommended,259570,21877285,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,krammitman,"Concept is great. Gameplay is fun so far but rather shallow. Gather, Build, Defend, Repeat. Needs more depth. That being said, it is pre-alpha. so long as the game continues to make progress there are great things in it's future. Make sure you save every night. The game does not save itself right now and a crash (which is entirely possible given it's Pre-alpha status) could end days of work. Summing it up, right now this is a tower defense game with some crafting\survival elements, but the sky is the limit with the concept and design. Keep it up devs."
,Recommended,259570,20046695,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Atomsk,"Great game, but have a hard time recommending it in it's current state. It's the risk of early access, I suppose, but still.- The premise:You're an advanced colonial super ninja type engineer cyborg dude in some sweet♥♥♥♥♥futuristic battle garments. Your left arm has a powerful piston powered baton spear thing (that would make a mean plot device in some weird Japanese sex game, but I digress) and your right arm has some device that can eat trees and rocks.There's currently no story, but the context more or less lets you know that you crashed landed on a strange environment, from an espace pad. The environment is abundant and has alien fauna and flora. You use the right hand device to deconstruct and ""consume"" and store elements from those objects. Different objects offer different elements.Those elements can be used to construct an ""Eden Star"" which is some sort of colonization kit that is the heart of your base. Around this base, there's a wide array of componets to build with. Basic things like foundation blocks, walls, doors, panels, but also turrets, laser fences, etc. Building anything use a block-like system where you snap-and-click different componenets together.Here's why I like this game so much: it takes the free-roam, sandbox games and gives you a clear purpose: gather, build and DEFEND. I love sandbox games, but their achilles heel is that they tend to be pointless: you gather, build and... then what?Eden Star on the other hand, offers a very solid narrative in that there's a day-night cycle. During the day, local alien goons are fairly inactive and will only pursue you if you get too close to their hives (ie.: destructable spawn points). During the night, however, they get the alien munchies and somehow have a taste for your Eden Kit. In other words, in a true open-world fashion they will flock to your base in numbers and it's up to you to defend it.This causes you to explore, harvest and build during the day, so you can defend your base at night. At some points, you're really minding the clock so you can manage your time in harvesting, building and defending.You, the player, can craft weapons and items that can be equipped, or you can upgrade your gear. For example, the right hand tool that is used to deconstruct the local fauna and flora, can be upgraded to become a gravity type weapon: lock on to a baddy, grab it in a gravity type field and just launch it into space, smash it against and object or my favorite: fling it at another alien. It's oddly satisfying.The Eden Kit can also be upgraded with a better shield and offers a few neat little tricks itself.- Gameplay:It's pretty nice. The mechanics are easy to use, the harvesting, combat and building aspect felt solid and fluid to me. The harvesting is fairly balanced, in that it does NOT get grindy. You do not need to take down an entire forest worth of trees to build a single block. Inventory management is also easy and hassle-free. You can focus on building, crafting, exploring, adventuring and defending. Going through the different categories and building materials can be a tad confusing.Game offers a solid single player experience and has added a multiplayer aspect not too long ago. Multiplayer needs some work, griefing is there but it's just not that easy to run up to another player's base and not get torn to shreds. Thus far, the player community has been helpful and non intrusive. Sure, I've been chased around by some random dude who really wanted to fist me with his left-hand-piston-power-spear-baton♥♥♥♥♥♥♥contraption, but I've also set up bases with random strangers I encountered.- Graphics:Noting extraordinairy, but nothing poor either. Everything feels well executed. Performance is also agreeable, game loads fast. Level design is actually pretty cool. The setting is no planet, but a series of giant, floating rocks. The terrain is diverse. Monsters currently feel a bit silly and stiff. Nothing at all threatening, as you can just bolt out of there with your infinite stamina colonial cyborg ninja. Did I mention you look pretty sweet? You look pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet.- Sound:A bit lacking as of yet. Nothing that really garners your attention. Currently, there are no missing sound clips and I suppose the devs are focussing on the core game.- Stability:Alas, this is my biggest gripe with Eden Star: Single player crashes to desktop one too many times. Multiplayer offers dedicated servers that appear and disappear at the blink of an eyes. Especially frustrating if you chanced upon a helpful stranger and were setting up a base... only to be dc'ed and can no longer find the server. I hope the devs take their time to increase this.At the moment, I've stopped playing Eden Star, because there is no point in investing any time in a single or multiplay session, your work is lost all too easily.A damn shame, because I honestly, believe this game really deserves a lot more credit.- The devs:These guys are really going for it. If you follow their updates, you cannot dislike them. They're very enthusiastic and they seem to listen to their community. I haven't been all that involved myself, so I might be off. The only thing I do want to say, is that I like seeing information on updates - ACTUAL GAME UPDATES.Never thought I'd say this about an indie dev, but these guys overdeliver on information. They share updates on... updates. That are to be released weeks later. It's fun, guys and I dig the spirit, but maybe you should keep those posts on the forum or something.Anyway, I'll be checking in on those game more often.- The conclusion:Buy it, try it, support the devs, enjoy a refreshing take on open-world sandbox games that offer a DECENT narrative and a goal and if your fancy is tickled by tower defense games, this game is the perfect hybrid.Be wary about stability, though. Both single player and multiplayer are NOT crash free."
,Recommended,259570,19867642,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JustifiedJordan,"Like Planetside 2, only with minecraft thrown in the mix.The dev team are really trasnparent and the post an dev log/update notes nearly ever weekend.Great game, highly recommend to anyone who likes games like ARC, Rust or Hurt World."
76561198125099083,Recommended,259570,19294246,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Retniop,"Eden star is one of the best survival games out there. It has the best dev team I have ever seen, they are very active in thier community and will answer any question you have. Keep in mind that this is still early access and that the devs are working hard to improve it. there is already lots to do in this game, from slaming hostile aliens into wall, trees. and rocks (this alone is reason enough to buy it), to building  a fortress full of rocket turrets to defend you in the night, to taking the fight to the aliens and destroying thier hives. This game is a very good investment if you like sci-fi survivals, and is more than worth it at only $20."
76561198050236303,Recommended,259570,25813600,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jinxie,"Considering that this is pre-alpha, it looks pretty darn good.  It's got all of my favorite thigs: crafting, survival, building, aliens, and guns, all in one package. Can't wait to see what the game will be when it's finished.Currently, the player can scavenge for materials, craft a few guns, build some structures and defenses, run up walls, use telekinetic tools to throw helpless wildlife off a cliff or into a big rock, and kill the alien buggers, which are especially irritating at night. As expected, the game is missing quite a bit of material to help it feel deep and compelling for now, but it's still pretty fun. Beware of game pad controller issues. It's still playable with one, just messy."
76561198049503402,Recommended,259570,22133120,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JohnnyRadman,"EDEN STAR is what you get when Rust/H1Z1/survival games have a beautiful baby with gems such as Lost Planet 2, Titanfall, and more.There are so many wonderful ideas. From base construction, crafting, to automated defenses and a meaningful day/night cycle. But it doesn't stop there. Wall running parkour, grappling/riding enemies, unique abilities, and they are working on automatons to help you fight entire wars against other player factions.The game is pre-alpha, but I would buy it again. The dev team posts updates practically weekly, and provide a level of transparency that is on par with or beyond even the famously open Star Citizen. They speak to us, and they have a personal relationship with the community. Unlike so many big corporations that follow strict PR guidelines, this is a group of people that know their audience, people who have soul, and most of all dedication: this is obviously a project of passion for everyone involved.That really does meaning something, because gamers as consumers really care about the brands they play. They do have a more personal relationship with the creators and company than other consumers do. A game isn't like flour: I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the flour or who supplies it, so long as it isn't wood pulp and it's reasonably priced. But games are something I may spend hundreds to thousands of hours on. They are something people care about and grow to love. That's why gamers are notoriously fickle: because they're passionate. They want to see a game be everything that it can be, and they see the company and developers as *partners* in that endeavor. But most game companies have not caught on to this, and still treat it like any other customer-business relationshipBut not Flix Interactive. They understand the nature of their relationship with us. To have a game company actually listening and communicating is a breath of fresh air. There is no silence to make you nervous, there are no worries about if you're being heard or what's going on. You know. And they don't just talk to you. They listen. They take player feedback. For instance, players wanted to build huge bases, even cities. This was never planned for or intended. Do you know what they did? They began optimizing the game for accomodate large structures as best as they could. The idea for drones and fighting robots arose from this, and it's why they're developing it; it all came back to the players wanting large settlements, and those settlements needed defenders.With all that said, the game is a pre-alpha. Performance is not exceptional, though over the last patch it has improved immensely in my opinion. The movement is janky at times, the UI is kinda buggy now and then, and it has its mechanical problems. But that's how it goes with a pre-alpha.But as a cynical consumer, skeptical and disillusioned with a distant game industry stuffed with the same recycled material, this is a game that stands apart. This surely sounds like a contradiction, as the market is being flooded with survival games. Is this a survival game? Yes, absolutely. But it is not confined by that genre: it builds on it with great ideas. This is a game I can love with a dev team I can believe in.If you are something of a gaming philanthrophist, then let me say now: if there was ever a game that deserved your money, it is this one. If for whatever reason, you don't want to spend money on it in its current state, that's fair. But be sure to check back every few months. I don't think you'll be disappointed.If you want to see the future plans, what is being worked on at present, and what has been added, take a look at the trello board here:https://trello.com/b/dmyocCtO/eden-star-public-boardPlayers can vote on what they'd like to see added next, provide feedback, and provide ideas. The devs are also active on steam, and have a subreddit which at the moment is practically just updates and patch notes."
,Recommended,259570,15545097,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,soulslinger,this game is a ton of fun it does have a sharp learning curve but once you know the game its a really enjoyable diffuculty the dev team is very involved and a quick look at theyre trello or reviews will tell you that the game is only missing a little to be realy solid like gender minor character cust and multiplayer all issues they are aware of. as far as the negative reviews go i can only say my first hour yes it seemed unfair once you know where or how to build a stable base the game progresses very well with upgrades and challenges. i cant wait for the new content and highly recomend giving this game a try.
,Recommended,259570,19222033,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Statick,"The game has a ton of potential. I'm really looking forward to them adding more content and enemies. Adding multiplayer is nice and all but there's not much to do in singleplayer, let alone multiplayer.The build system/UI in this game is light years ahead of other survival games that I've played. It's really streamlined and non-invasive. Only issue, however, is that you can basically build everything right from the get go. Not much researching needs to be done. Just need to find the materials.The combat system, both with guns and the MATA Tool, is great. Looking forward to more weapons and enemies! They should add melee weapons that can be weilded at all times like the guns.The movement system is also great. I love the parkour aspects of it. Being able to climb up walls/run across walls makes the entire experience more enjoyable.The only issue is there's no content to keep you coming back. Surviving isn't that difficult. Set up a few turrets and the game basically plays itself.I'm recommending it because I want them to get more funding to keep the project going, but don't expect to spend hours upon hours playing the game just yet."
,Recommended,259570,22046318,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,EdwardDarson,"TL;DR : Buy this if you're a fan of crafting/basebuilding games. It looks great - especially for early access - and the devs are polite and know what they want to do. I've enjoyed this game immensely and though it's frustrating at times, it's an excellent title for it's sale price, which at the moment is around $15.I wholeheartedly enjoy the heck out of this game, and it's a recommended title to anyone on your friends list that may be a fan of basebuilding stuff. It's not an easy game, admittedly, and I will admit that often times I'm mucked up by the UI - but the dev's actually listened to the playerbase on that one and updated it circa version 0.1.9."
,Recommended,259570,14956198,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ragnarok,Add co-op and this will be gold.
76561198049355913,Recommended,259570,25782235,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,KittenPurrr,"ok, so ive had this game for long time, so decided to give a quick review. ive been playingthis game since it came out, there is alot to do between gathering materials to build weapons,fortresses, upgrades, ect ect. since they just added the experimental branch with the new map.... this became more fun and enjoyable as now you have to gather more materials to survive with food,water,air.but it also made it harder which is fine with me since i love a chalenge.Im sure once they get the bugs and everything fixed, it will be more insteresting as the Devs are very active in the forums to help with bugs and problems you have.this is a new map with alot of new stuff out now, and more coming soon as they are happy with the bug fixes and stability with some stuff ingame. All in all this game is sooo worth it if you like survival type of games as you will be busy each day/night gathering materials and sources to stay alive, daytime is 20 minutes while the night time is 5 minutes, thats when you get raided by mobs once you have a base set up.if you like action and survival types of games i HIGHLY recommend this game!"
76561198100234201,Recommended,259570,30376824,Posted: 7 March,all,tsangtmc,"Great game, great mechanics, just wish there was more content. Maxed out and became invincible after a day of playing"
,Recommended,259570,15034385,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Masked,"I feel like this is going to, eventually, be a really good game...But, right now, it's just not there yet.I say that for a few reasons.- There's no real purpose. I understand I exist to survive and survival is the goal but, what's the point of my building? Am I protecting the thing in the middle? Do I need access to it?- The entire power structure is not only left 100% to guesswork but, that's a critical flaw. I want 3 turrets, okay...Well, now none of them are working...Do resources grant permanent power? Temporary?- Weapons - I would've never figured out I could build a rifle...It was only happenstance I figured out I could make more ammo...Still didn't help me, night 3, it was GG.I think that with a solid tutorial and some serious direction, this could be a really good game but, right now, it feels incredibly incomplete to me.I also feel very pigeon-holed. In the time that you're given to get the Eden kit and place it, you're limited to a very small area with very few resources...Unless you constantly mine trees, rock etc, you're really SOL.I still recommend the game - It's a great game, I just feel that in terms of development, it's not quite there yet."
76561198011996396,Not Recommended,259570,22256147,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Arawn'Aun,"A game with a lot of potential, currently still early in its development cycle... and it shows at times.THE UPSIDE:I was really drawn to the sort of 'mass effect' feel in a survival game.  Even the tool you use to mine, craft, build or fight reminded me of an 'omni-tool', as do the weapons.  Survival games are so frequently based around the sword and board ages or... gah... zombies, this game presented a much welcomed alternative to those flavors.The game looks beautiful and the mechanics seem well polished and in fairly good working order, particularly when you take the development point of the game into account.THE DOWNSIDE:There are two major problems with the game right now and both are likely to change as development continues... i hope.The first as i see it, the game is extremely shallow.  While everything you can do works well and looks pretty good, you can do just about all of it within a few hours of play.  You can always make your base larger and more elaborate and you can always farm for more materials, but beyond that survival is never really an issue after the first few turrets are placed down.  That isn't to say there isn't something enjoyable about building elaborate structures and seeing just how difficult you can make it for another player to get into your base, but right now you are pretty limited by type/number of things you can build.The second major flaw in the system right now, and really i can't stress this enough, the server system is an exercise in pure frustration.  As it stands right now, you join a server and maybe you even took the time to visit the forums and find out which servers are ""most reliable"".  Even among these your doing well if your server is up more than two or three days in a row without disappearing for that at least that long.  You can switch servers of course and restart your base again... and then you can do it again when this server vanishes... and again... and honestly if you do it again you kind of deserve what you get.Largely for this reason multiplayer is a pretty lonely existence.  Rarely more than 2-3 people are ever on the supposedly ""most reliable"" servers.  And its fairly easy to understand why.One confusing mechanic was that while all servers are listed as PVE, they are most certainly not.  By accident my friends and I had found our way into another base and were shocked to find we were able to access their resources.  We actually were somewhat pleased at this revelation because while i'm not sure its intended it meant the game had radically new meaning.  We had to rebuild our base to defend against players!  And we were going to gear up and venture out and see what other bases we could crack.  This was quite a lot of fun, but then enter the extreme unreliability of the servers, to say nothing of the general confusion as to the PVE/PVP status of those servers.THE LOWDOWN:  6.0/10  *with a lot of potentialFor someone who doesn't usually look twice at survival games this one really caught my attention.  It has a lot going for it and i really hope the development process continues along the very promising lines it seems to be.  If your truly are looking for a single player survival experiences (WHY?) then a lot of the issues i have with the game really don't impact you, however, if your looking for a multiplayer experience or to play with friends, the game right now is just not ready.  Its one i will most certainly be keeping an eye on and very hopeful that i'll feel i can rightly flip this review."
76561198076879972,Recommended,259570,20163550,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Spirit Wolf,"Okay here is the run down.You are basically a Pioneer who is stranded on this unknown world with unknown creatures, floral, fauna etc. Your mission: Establish a base, defend your Eden Kit (Life Line of your Character) survive and thrive. I reccommend checking out the guides and video tutorials FIRST!!! There is so much to take in all at once!  I literally was lost when I started my first game.Here are a few quick tips if you're new:-PREPARE TO CRAFT-MELEE IS BAE > AMMO & GUNS LATER-BRING A BUDDY-PLAYED THOSE TD GAMES? THIS WILL HELP-SPRINT DAMNIT-PREPARE TO DIE AFTER DAY 3-4-REPEATI have yet to get more people on board with me with this game. If you need a buddy to play with add me.Otherwise this is a good buy and I would recommend this to anyone who likes those Open World Sandbox Survival Games."
,Recommended,259570,20240923,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,hooby,"Very polished for an Early Access game.Pros:-Movement is very smooth, person can climb, grapple, hop, sprint, feels great-Alien theme, environment, graphics, weapons, resource gathering, the turrets, the base, and the overall look of this gameCons:-Multiplayer is in its very early stages, dedicated servers are laggy and you have to host and portforward your own server to avoid those laggy ones provided-Some bugs with turrets aiming at dead AI-Sometimes the aliens don't even attack at night, has to be some sort of path finding bug.Very fun game overall. I purchased it so I could play with my friends, and although slightly disappointing I can't do so without setting up my own server or playing on a laggy one provided, I am hopeful for the future since multiplayer was just added.Singleplayer is quite a blast though!"
76561198018654894,Recommended,259570,20731883,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,gmacWV,"This game is an interesting one. The whole thing revolves around a basic tower defense principal, where you build and protect your Eden Kit from hostile native species, because you're the invading alien and they don't like you. Beyond the possibility of some shoehorned social-political commentary or some such, this game is actually pretty good.The combat system is responsive and fun and you have to pay attention to pretty much every enemy so you don’t get pinned into a corner. The parkour system helps with this, allowing you to do a bit of guerilla warfare by running up with your Gauss Cannon, hitting a hive for a few seconds, before running back off into the trees and away from the hordes of enemies. You can and will augment your personal arsenal of firearms and energy weapons with turrets placed around your base to keep away the night time raids. The turrets are fairly basic, as there’s currently only 3 types, missile, auto (machine gun), and laser. You also have to manage power levels in your base, each turret takes some power, and each generator adds some power to the pool. I’m not terribly far in this game yet, so I’m not sure if there’s a practical limit on turrets.A big part of this game is the building system. As far as I know, your structures won’t collapse in Red factions style if you build them poorly (I hope that gets added in at some point) but if you’re not careful, you’ll eventually get a message telling you that you cannot place XYZ at that location because your structure is weak. This can get a bit annoying when trying to build a bridge, but I appreciate the realism. In order to build structures, you’ll need to strap on your big boy pants and venture out into the wilderness to collect resources. Each structure, as far as I know, can be built out of different base materials, depending on what you have or what you need. For example, an Ironite base is the strongest, but Ironite can be a bit annoying to come by, especially early in game if you don’t know where to look. So, instead of Ironite, you can build with Bridgmanite (no idea if I spelled that right) and take a slight dip in health to stock up on Ironite. Or, you may have a small Ironite structure protecting your Eden Kit, with a larger Bridgmenite fortification. Most weapons and modules can also be built from 2 or 3 base materials, which allows you to ration supplies more effectively.Storage is a big problem in this game. If there’s a storage container that isn’t your Eden Kit, I haven’t found it. The Eden Kit has 5 material storage slots, and each of those can hold a stack of 300 of one material. This is fine at first, until you’re going out and coming back with your inventory full, because you didn’t use all your bullets the previous night. Your character has an inventory of 10 slots, each able to hold a max of 300 of one raw material, much like the Eden Kit, the place where this gets a bit iffy, is that ammo only stacks to a certain amount, I think around 144 per slot (which sounds like a lot until you get mobbed by 20 enemies and you begin to fire wildly into the crowd).The last thing I want to say is just little things I like about the game. The physics in this game are amazing. Pretty much any material node can be deconstructed into physics particles (except for large boulders, which just fuzz out of existence if you try to cut them into smaller pieces). As you mine, collectable materials will spawn and then despawn as you absorb them. PSA though, don’t stand on top of what you’re mining, because there’s a rare chance that the game will flip its♥♥♥♥♥♥with the physics objects and launch you into the air. The environments, are beautiful, with each biome having different resource nodes that give you different materials. As far as I know, and I haven’t done any extensive exploration, the basic biomes are: Desert, Forest, and Swamp, with a nice blending where they border each other. Each biome will have its own sort of special resource nodes that will give you a specific material, so you’ll eventually need to branch out and explore to get a decent stockpile.So yeah, this game is pretty good so far, pretty solid gunplay, a decent parkour system, and it seems to have a lot of polish for an early access game. There isn’t a lot of depth to it yet, but I think I can see where they’ve left room to add that later, with time and more updates."
76561198114842792,Recommended,259570,25485200,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,fat n brickshaped,"Its the best concept for a long time! i just miss to have more purpose in the game, cause it takes 9 hours to build every weapon and from there on there isnt really anything to do anymore. cant wait for the updates cause its awsome! just redicoulusly good in every way exept for the stuff i mentioned."
,Recommended,259570,18192934,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Plasma_Kangaroo,"This is one of my favorite games, especially with the revamped build system and map. I love crafting/survival/exploring games and this hits all three. It's pretty, its original in its approach to the genre, and really creative concepts and lore for it's universe. Plus there's disintegration and energy effects everywhere, which are my favorite. Great job, devs! Keep it up!"
76561198041370768,Recommended,259570,14944586,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,AKA_MacGyver,"Great game..... but still early access so limited content.The game runs well and seems very stable. i have had no save issues forcing me to restart  and so far it looks reliable but I am waiting to see how the updates will affect this.If you are into resource gathering/building games then this is definitely worth a look.This game is great as both the immersion and graphics are beautifully designed.The game mechanics and physics run smooth and are amazing for an early access release.However, the real success for this game will be IF the creators keep updating the game. as it stands the game is a really solid game but it lacks enough buildable content and variety of enemies to stand the test of time as it is now.my recommendation is if you want to support what is already a really good game go further and you are happy to wait while the designers update the game this is a GREAT choice.If you want a well rounded near complet game with hours/days of playable content wait a bit longer."
76561198100362619,Recommended,259570,30434918,Posted: 10 March,all,butterflygirl23,"I loving the game, but i put no hostiles, and still everything is going after me,  i highly suggest also putting option to have day and night length sliders. Ive only been playing a few hours. but have died, lost my shield so many times, everything comes after me! and I also suggest a better explination of the settings. I dont understand what some of them do. but love the game!Update:After playing the game, and exploring for awhile, i came to the conclusion that the game doesnt have many things to do. everything around you is the same pretty much. the animals are far and few between, and very few kinds of them, the recipies for building is hard to get at times, and there are very few things to build. the items you gather from the environment feels rushed, as you go to a rock and it lists 3 different types of mats you can get from it. The environment its self is cool, and amazingly done, i will give you that. The game is great. But you will get bored quick with what the game has now. I really do hope some more recipies become available. and they make the environment more diverse. until then, I will be waiting. Please also realize i figured out how to lower the hostiles, to a more managable pace.  The taturial is hard to get, and the voice from the flying pod thing is hard to hear. and you cant turn up the voluume on that. And you get slaughtered several times before you even get to the first base. then the first base gets its♥♥♥♥♥kicked by mobs nearby(this was before i turned down the settings) i highly suggest turning down the settings and reviewing them before you start the game.Dont get me wrong this is a great game. it just has a lot of growing up to do."
,Recommended,259570,15662055,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Pondo,"[Updating this review since I originally posted May 25th 2015]The amount of changes, bug fixes and overall interaction with the devs and community goes above and beyond. I have yet to play an early access game that I desired to see improved upon and finished more than this. The previous issue I had with multiple eden kits and unbearable fps loss after some time into the playthrough is gone. I'm able to build and wrap my base around the map without having to worry about further expansion.///This game is fantastic even in its current state. Read several reviews and saw devs replying to those with issues and that alone brings me a lot of hope for this game. It's a bit overwhelming when you first start but either you'll die as I did to exploding bugs or you'll figure it out and press on. The build system is pretty nice and the quick craft is just awesome. Quick crafting ammo while fighting enemies is amazing.Hey Devs, unsure if others have brought this to your attention but once you acquire a secondary eden kit (whether from building or finding one), the game will start to lag at weird times once you build up a decent fortress/base. I find myself sticking to using one kit to avoid this. Other than that, keep doing what you do. This game is top."
76561198071828777,Recommended,259570,16115876,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ares Chaos-Maker,"Eden Star has a ton of potential to be a completely astounding game however at the moment there is not much to really do, other than build a base and survive for as long as you can (which is harder than it sounds) the current weapons are fairly good but after trying them all I would definitely suggest getting the wrist mounted gauss cannon. The physics based combat is really a joy to use  but you have to be careful not to wreck your base by throwing things into it. Overall Eden Star is one of the early access that I am really glad I bought and would recommend people give it a try. (remember it is an early access so only get it if  you think you will like the end product)Edit: The new map at the time of editing is really cool and much bigger this game is developin in a very good direction."
76561197975459071,Recommended,259570,24889366,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,GREEN M,"Okay so if your looking at the pictures watching videos or you tube clips as i did thinking shall i shant i. Simple answer is support the game.I will give you my feedback so far but as the game is literally changing as you read this it will change so if you play it get on the forums.Currently game play is fun real fun! though as they are still making it you wll get to a point where you start forming questions this is where you give feed back. Its a mix of resource gathering, strategy base building and defence and survival with polish!Its still in development so no review is accurate if you like strategy, survival, shooting, buildiing its a game for you i dont play many games like this im more a strategy fan but its good! Theres definately something here with the potential to be epic. Thats different to the myriad of survival concepts."
,Recommended,259570,17564253,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,MrPreo,"This game is incredible for an Early Access game. The crafting is solid. You can build your shelter in many shape or form which looks really good. You can craft things from one of many material which gives different stats (pro and cons for dmg resistance).  Combat in this game is also very good. Although there are only two kinds of enemies(Flying and ground ones) and two kinds of weapon(Pistol And Combat rifle) in this game, but the combat is a blast and pretty solid. You can throw your enemy against trees to make it collapse and collect the tree resources later. Customization is also good. You can craft many upgrades for your armor, such as faster resource collecting and an ability to repair your building. This game also has a clear tutorial and guide for how to play it, so it should be easy for anyone. In conclusion, Eden Star is a very interesting project and fun to be played. There are very fews content for now, but also very fews bugs to be found. Just get the damn game since it worth every baht and penny."
,Recommended,259570,24201709,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,solarPULSAR | SteaмLadder.com,"Easily one of the most beautiful space-themed games I have ever played. Fidelity wise and atmosphere wise this game is one of the prettiest games available on PC. I haven't felt this immersed while playing a single player game in a long time. When you run into what i call the 'acid egg sac' in the middle of the woods because you couldn't see it through the amazing looking grass and it explodes on you is one of those 'OH SH-- WTF WAS THAT' moments in gaming that are actually enjoyable somehow.The mechanic of dissassembling the enviornment for resources is very fun, with each piece of absorb having a chance to drop any one of a few resources instead of the usual guaranteed resource count from a node. The combat is challenging, almost a bit too challenging, but balance will come later in the process. Right now the scaling between the first few nights will take a few retries to get a good base build quickly.The basebuilding is extensive as well as easy to use, with parts easily fitting into place and orientated without really needing to struggle like in most games with the mechanic. It's honestly a pleasure to base build especially when you can get your resources back by absorbing a piece of you misplace something. Most of these systems are a struggle to use, Eden Star plays like an absolute dream.Probably the best part about this game is that the dev team is extremely responsive to feedback. I have bought at this point probably 100+ early access titles, and there are very few dev teams that respond like Flix Interactive does. I have watched the development of success stories like Prison Architect, and miserable failures like Blade Symphony, and Flix has that 'it' factor that really makes me believe they are going to go places. As a guy that watches game developers almost like some would watch a football team, I don't take such a positive evaluation lightly.The only negatives of this game as far as I can see is you need a really decent system to run on high settings, the balance is a bit poor at the moment, and the UI needs some work. The good thing is that all of those issues will eventually be fixed or already are being fixed by the dev team.Worth a buy, especially at the $20 USD price point. I've already gotten my moneys worth and I havent even made it an entire week in game yet."
,Recommended,259570,26009799,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ustolemygmrtag,"I am only reviewing the new Experimental branch. It is single player only for now. This review will be a lot more in depth as soon as they get the balancing and some more content in to flesh the game out more. But for now, I wil say it is well worth the money, and the devs listen to us and respond.Graphics, 9/10Gameplay. 8/10AI. 8/10Content 6/10Mechanics 10/10Optimazation. 9/10Controls 8/10Overall 8/10I cannot wait until the MP comes out and they get the Dedicated server api released. This game is gonna rock, it will be Ark in space(PvP wise)."
76561198035328998,Recommended,259570,15336215,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,HammerofHobbles,"Eden Star is a game with potential. Big potential. Fun, engaging, and challenging I recommend it. That said, in its current state it is A) little more than clean functioning fundamentals and B) A base defense game at it's core. It may be one of the most immersive, pretty, and well crafted tower defense games but it is still about hustling to get the materiel you need and craft (and place) the items you need before night falls and all hell breaks loose.Things to Know:The game is functional, very functional right now. Limited in scope (maybe 10 hours of fun right now, big patch coming soon), but plays like a final game.The dev's have addressed past problems such as no save system (still waiting on randomly generated worlds)The game seems well thought out, and the content they plan to add will be what fills out the potential of the game.ConclusionsMost of the early release games on steam are steaming piles of crap, Eden Star seems different. The game as it currently  stands is the most playable and functional Early Access games I have ever played. The game plan of the future, adding more content, such as new building options, defenses, items, and enemies is exactly what this game needs  to make it great....and that is just the start of what they plan. I check my updates every day waiting for the April patch, and i cannot remember the last time I was so eager for a game update."
,Recommended,259570,14278715,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Migwellious,"Great concept. Really fun, the destructable phsics is really fun (love smashing enemies into trees). Looking forward to a save feature, so i can build a base, and explore the surroundings further.Keep up the great work.p.s i also love the style, and graphics of the game. (though it needs alot of optimization to run smoothly on my lower end gaming system)."
,Recommended,259570,26329159,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,-\/G- Zelus Renardii | Hotline,"If minecraft, Halo, and CoD had a baby, it wouldnt add up to this. This game mixes FPS elements with survival, with some construction thrown in there. If you like alien worlds with little backstory, leaving the exploration and scientific details to the players imagination, while mostly following the laws of physics and reality, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,259570,29210323,Posted: 12 January,all,FullBitGamer,"The Beginning of something amazing.The beginning is pretty rough for some people according to a lot of complaints on the forums.Don;t let that deter you, once you have the basics under your belt which should only take about hal an hour this game is truly an underrated gem that's only getting better.FLIX (the devs) are HYPER-ACTIVE on the forums responding to nearly every critical thread and using player feedback to make the game truly great. I mean they even connect on Facebook with their fans often to show they appreciate our support.They remind me of an Indie CDProject RED. Just very humble, and good at what they do."
,Recommended,259570,25040382,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,John🤠,++Pros++-nice looking game-plays goodNegs -- not a lot to do-hardly any contentContent is coming but you must be patient and understand this is in pre- alpha
76561198295955179,Recommended,259570,29813448,Posted: 9 February,all,Taladinn,"It's a pretty fun game with a great concept. My biggest wish is that it had more direction or an objective instead of just salvage and build. It would be super fun playing in a group, but it gets old playing solo. So it doesn't exactly hold my attention for too long. It just doesn't have enough variety in building for that to be its main pull. Or maybe I just haven't explored it enough. I love how you can build and interact with the enviornment and upgrade, but after you get the awesome weapons and upgrades and awesome base, then what?"
,Recommended,259570,16654463,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ibanezrawker,Really fun once you get the hang of it. I like how it's a tower defense mixed with fps and other elements. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198020784142,Recommended,259570,29239876,Posted: 13 January,all,stefan32,"Fantastic game, lots of exploring to do, heaps of loot to find, crafting is easy and so is farming resources. Building could be a bit more polished though, placing walls can be tricky. Graphics are fantastic, one of the better looking survival games I have played. If you don't like to be attacked by swarms of xenos, you can adjust sliders in the game options that affect spawn rates and night length. I recomend buying the game if you like survival/crafting/exploring/base building, but keep in mind the game is in early access."
,Recommended,259570,30719032,Posted: 24 March,all,Mr Lahey,"To say I'd recommend this game would be an understatement. Got it a little less than a year ago and have played a whopping 870 hours on it. There were weeks where I literally played like 60 hours or more (luckily I'm self employed...otherwise I'm sure I would've been fired).I can't express how much fun this has been, even with its periodic issues that pop up, as it is still somewhat early in development.It's a perfect mix of just casual building and mining, with fairly regular adrenalin-inducing fighting as the local wildlife rather violently protests your presence. Most of the fun is simply seeing how BIG you can build stuff. The building aspect here lets you get really creative, where you can experiment will all sorts of architecture and formations.That, and the look is simply beautiful. It's one of the best looking games I've ever seen, with this richly detailed, lush world that is mesmerizing."
,Recommended,259570,14558576,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,for a VERY early game it is fun to play with a orginal concept - the powers of your chracter are fun to use and easy to learnprosgreat lookingfun to playthrowing enemys into the air or smashing them into stuff is cool and funeasy to learn gathering and crafting systemsbase building is pretty easy to understandconsmassive memory leaks - I have 12+ gigs of ram and high setting only works around 15mins low around a hour before I get memory warnings - once plugged should make the game far more enjoyabletutorial misses several major areas such as enemys and warning you about nightfall being deadly
,Recommended,259570,14292742,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Primus Palus,"This is what I experienced in the game and what my opinions are of it right now with about 2 hours of play (at the time of this review):Pro's -Clones - I can compare this game all day long to a bunch of different survival games, sci-fi games, etc. Not only is that not fair to do, it's impossible to find an exact clone. This game has elements from many different games, crammed into one. I'd say this game is more like Rift than anything else in that regard. They found what works, what was unique, and great and compiled it into their game.Graphics - I'm a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥... I like looking at things on my computer that don't bore me or damage my eyes. But, I also can find ways to disregard graphics with gameplay mechanics. This game solved that problem for me, because it has game mechanics I like, and looks amazing at the same time. This is top tier graphics and I was stuck on a low resolution. I streamed the game, it still looked absolutely amazing where others would look terrible.AI - I liked the way the AI functioned and responded to you, even if there was only one type. The one creature still managed to do a number of my ""base"" and was fun to hunt down. I enjoyed grabbing them and slamming them into trees, or better yet... throwing them up into the air and shooting them mid-fall. Like some sadistic skeet shooting. :PFreebuilding - This reminded me of Rusts style of building, without the whole naked man junk in my face. It's quirky and needs some work, but overall I could sit all day and build a massive base for myself. If only saves worked. :PPerformance - I have a solid rig and I'm glad this game treated me right. I usually get penalized for having a decent computer where my GPU or CPU is either not used enough, not balanced, or just flat out not compatible. Not only did it work great out of the shoot, it performed perfectly. I had a few instances of lag, but then I was also streaming too. I could see frames dropping on me, but not frequent enough to be a major issue. That's the sign of a good solid foundation of a game.Con's -Saves - I mention this first so it's out of the way. You can't save. So, everytime to jump in, don't get attached to anything. This is supposed to be fixed and the rumor was in a patch by 02-06-15. We'll see if that happens because that will be HUGE for people.Crashes - I list this, and not sure why I use the plural sense... because I had only one. I didn't get too far into the game (about 30 or 40 minutes) but because of the saves I lost everything. The crash may have been a collision issue that I'll forward to the devs. But, another hour or so of gaming... and not another crash.Multiplayer - Or in the case of this, lack thereof. I am a HUGE multiplayer guy and usually pass these games up if they don't have it. I took a gamble on this game and am satisfied with it, but I would be a fool not to mention that this game is IDEAL for multiplayer. The devs say it's a likely future addition... but until then, I'll be disappointed without it.Content - There's not much to do once you have a huge base and killed most of the creatures nearby. You can't explore and find anything else (besides resources for crafting). No additional AI, lairs, ship crashes, survivors, etc. I think once the base game gets finished more content will be added, but if you're hoping for this right off the bat you will be disappointed.All in all... worth the price of admission. I'll be playing it when I can and enjoying what the game has to offer in the meantime. Keep up the solid work and I look forward to seeing what you can add."
76561198066420748,Not Recommended,259570,34418238,Posted: 22 August,all,YaBoiFreshMemes,"There is not much to the game right now I know its early alpha, no ones ever on any of the servers and Im basically waiting for more interesting updates for now. I love how the game looks and I love the building and ai enemys.for now i don't reccommend the game unless they keep hard at it with new updates and ideas for the game"
,Recommended,259570,20196790,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bude,Edenstar is a game with a lot potential. The current features of the game are quite amazing and the visuals are on point. Give this game a year or two and it can be THE survival game. Keep it up Flix.
,Recommended,259570,22169424,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Signal5,"I have been playing with some friends on one of the PvE servers. Though the game is quite entertaining, there are some significant discontinuities and additional issues we have seen.First, though the game server is supposedly a PvE server, there are no preventions in players killing players. Additionally, and this might be an issue only on this server, a player who appears to have the ability to crash or reset the server. He will attack us while we are gathering and if we kill him in defense, the server will crash/reset and come back rolled back about 5 minutes.Apart from this, seems to be a fun play."
76561198023518037,Recommended,259570,22053141,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Seraph,"If this is what pre-alpha games looked like i'd support more of them. Devs are active and communicate with the community, game is probably the most optimnised i've ever seen forma  pre alpha game, heck it's more optimised than a lot of released games.... This is a great game and I don't write good reviews XD"
76561198217435709,Recommended,259570,25645100,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Odin All-Father=VX9=,I have seen a few bad reviews for this game and honestly I don't see why. While this game is in pre-alpha I have still had alot of fun with it. I even had some friends get it and we set up a server. However for right now it is definatley a binge game until this next update comes out which should be soon by the sound of things..
76561198049328660,Recommended,259570,31440914,Posted: 29 April,all,TISOD,Good game. Developer's keep us updated on what they are doing (almost weekly). Game has steadily progressed.
76561198000765631,Recommended,259570,28122946,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hashshashin,"If your a fan of sci fi and survival games, you'll not regret buying into this, very impressed with the dev team, fully listen to the community, very active and have a passion for thier game. Every time it has a new patch it gets better, think of a survival game (food, crafting, building, gathering) then add in base building with nasty critters, full set of options, including normal mode, free build, turn critters etc on and off as you see fit. Overall it gets a hermit thumbs up from the single player aspect, if you like people then its got mp coop stuff as well."
,Recommended,259570,14486878,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,halloweenkid9,"This game is quite fun but there isn't much variety to it: theres no multiplayer, no random generation, and some variety of items. This game has serious potential but its not worth it right now."
76561197992795604,Recommended,259570,32140146,Posted: 2 June,all,Angel Night,"People need to remember that this game is in early release.  You have to expect it to have a few bugs and not a ton of content as they are still in the process of developing the game.  I bought this game very soon after it came out and havn't played for many many months now.  I come back to play it again and there is a ton of new stuff compared to the original.  It is very obvious that the developers are working on this game and putting a lot of care into it.  It has almost no bugs that I have seen.  Personally, I think the game has a good concept to it and look forward to see how it develops further.  I definitely recommend getting this game if it falls into the type you like as I expect it will only get better."
76561197974873412,Recommended,259570,23437766,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,dragondiu,"Okay, where do I start... This game is fun. Lots of fun! Until you play multiplayer and spend hours upon hours in building a base just to have some jack-hole come and take it from you.. okay.. that's fine. I build another one.. oh no.. the bigger more defended base you built just got taken too.. crap. Okay.. one more base. This time WAAAAAY up on a mountain. Okay done. No freaking WAY anyone is getting into this one... yeah.. no.. they did.. they took it down... oh well. the game that you have played for hours upon hours on for nothing just slammed you in the #$% and BOOM.. time wasted... great. Thanks massive douches that have no regard for playing or other people. Yes, I know it's PvP... but come on... it can't be that easy to take a base... I even tried to take one.. we did it.. but BOOM, next day.. gone.. they took it back. Oh, and if you didn't join some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s clan, they would gun for you and take whatever you have away from you. That isn't cool.All-in-all, it's fun. I love building and creating.. but what I don't like is some amateur player can just take whatever they want. This game has some time before it's better. The mobs are challenging but that's a good thing. It's just the other players that suck.I am recommending this game because, really.. it's fun. In single player mode... and sometimes in Multi, but mostly in Single lol.Last note, the servers suck for Multi. They kept going down and every time that happened, I lost about 15-20 min worth of work and time. It was frustrating.If you like a game like Minecraft on crack, this is the one for you. If you like other people taking whatever the hell they want... this is a game for you. If you want to spend hours upon hours of your precious time that you could be spending on another game just to have all that work and effort taken from you.. this is the game for you!Enjoy team!"
,Recommended,259570,19847259,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,PastaRasta,"It has now got multiplayer.I am seeing good development progress from Flix, to it's great graphics and map; to the parkour and physics also to the tower defense element makes building and surviving throughout multiple days quite fun, can't wait for more features and content.I have to say the beauty of the skybox glimmering in the night looks nearly just as good as skyrim's, especially the Eden kitThis is pre-aplha state aswell, just imagine full release!"
76561198134619423,Recommended,259570,26312592,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Swordswind,"If you looking for sci fi survival games this will be it. It has better character design which has the feeling of playing halo but also surviving. Of  course not to forget the tower defence as you will be attacked every night with bugs. Aerial and ground unit, from little agile splintermites to the massive juggernaut which make you also feel like you are with the federation mobile infantry in starship troopers.The developer is also very active for early access with awesome sneak peak and update deployment policy is top notch. Only stabil alpha got release.A must for sci fi survival lovers."
76561198062421464,Recommended,259570,22802192,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,French Dip,"Very interesting game currently in development. A lot of kinks here and there, but they absolutely do not take away from the experience.The devs are in very close contact with the players and do an incredible job of addressing issues and letting the community know whats going on. They are a model team, and I can't wait to see how they develop this game further.So yes, get this game, you will like it. Nuff said"
76561198057521957,Recommended,259570,14369204,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,xxRichSchnetzxx,The game is really funny in spite of its early stage. Combat is really funny when you grab your enemies and smash them against trees. The missing save and load system isn't that bad because if you die and your eden kit gets destroyed you have to start all over again.Here is a gameplay video and a small wishlist of features which hopefully come into the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shl6KmFtg_U
,Recommended,259570,25157290,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TeyoOtter,"I found this game to be fairly entertaining! Listen though, hosting your own multiplayer server can be kind of a headache with out a seperate machine to host the server! I hope they do something to make it easier to host a server in the future.Anyway, the game is a lot like ark survival but with far less dinosaurs and a bit less on the survival side for now. It still early access and they have what appears to be a lot planned for it. Frankly, this is one game I wouldn't mind seeing procedurally generated landscapes. In 2 hours, I was able to learn the landscape off the back of my hand. Theres maybe 8-10 spots where you can make a near impenatrable base on the current map. I think only 4 of them can be achieved with out much thinking involved. Of course, throw enough turrets around your base, you can become impenatrable no matter where you are. My watch tower has so many turrets around it, it lags my game hard core when they fire at the crawlies of the night!The game has one big issue in its current state. Once you build you base and get the gear you want, theres nothing left to do but sit out on your porch and tell those kids to get off your lawn. Watch your turrets mow em down as they refeuse and try to foolishly jump you with nothing but a pistol with 30 shots. Laser fences are great trampolines! They make you jump and kill you at the same time!"
,Recommended,259570,20022861,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dank Soldier,"Disclaimer: I 'reclaimed' (lets pretend i never said that) my old review and made a new one, now to the point...Devs: The devs might not be actively updating their game like other devs, but they are way more active and unlike quite a few devs (*cough cough* im looking at you tf2) they listen to suggestions. This adds a ton of hope to the game.Pros: Its either me or the game is still super duper small, there arent really many pros, but just being able to walk around and flinging enemies up into the air and impaling them into the ground is fun, or using the big explody spores to just harm those annoying turkey... alien... things? Its just fun.Cons: (there are cons but with the active devs these most likely will be fixed) Like everyone has said, imbalance of flyers and ground creatures, even i reported this but i managed to get glory out of it, its like watching fireworks with the number of flyers appearing out of portals and missiles going off, its fun to watch. Ive heard of the 'boss' (Juggernaut) imbalances. The last one is just that you sort of have to repair more after an attack than gather to build more.Summary: Good devs, I would wait to see how the new biomes update works out before spending some money(I cant wait for that update!!!!!!!!)."
76561198091539334,Recommended,259570,22576937,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,RedFox1482,great game just needs more content
76561198078947004,Recommended,259570,25681925,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Scooter,"So, yeah, not a half bad game at all given its in the last stages of pre-Alpha. Granted there's not an awful lot to do at this stage but with what I've been reading from the Dev's weekly updates, for all intents and purposes, it is going to be a brand new game. The mechanics are fairly solid, the AI is relatively solid, the framework is all there, and while it might need a bit of ironing out (what pre-Alpha stage game doesn't?) it looks really good and plays quite well. What impressed me is the Developers, more specifically them taking our feedback and actually implementing it and working with the community to give what they all want. That's the beauty of smaller developers; the day you see Electronic Arts doing such a thing will be a cold day in hell for sure. Sure they might be taking their time with this new release, but if it means shipping a release that isn't broken, then I'm happy to wait a little longer. My score? Well I have 66 hours logged on this game so it can't be that bad. I'll score it an 7.5/10 for the pre-Alpha release."
76561198035808478,Recommended,259570,22328959,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,demongo1154,"currently enjoying playing this game greatly, still early in its alpha stages this game looks amazing runs fine and smooth(servers differ) updates are frequent and add more to game.will add more depth to this review in time+as i play :)great work hoping to see this game grow and expand to the console universe(xbox).8.5 / 10"
76561198063412948,Recommended,259570,21760671,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Zombie Playa™,Absolutely a great game with so much potential that I cant wait for with the new power system the new turret and Build mode got even easier then before but at night time man does it get dark even with the lights ( really just glowing ) on the roof But some new reasons to explore and new stuff to build and this game will make it on steam Im sure of that.10.9/10 Must Buy.9 extra for the insane graphics on this game just awesomeEdit:Plus a way to get your inventory back when you die :)And is possible a sandbox mode to learn all the materials and what they are and just explore before getting killed by the hives at night2nd Edit:Fixed my Bad Spelling
,Recommended,259570,20541598,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,EkstEasy,"This game's got so much potential! If it is updated and developed regularly, this will eventually be one of the best survival games."
,Recommended,259570,22885788,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Khaln,"Hard and intense, fun and challenging. Survival, gathering and building are difficult when getting swarmed by mobs but that makes your first turrets all the more wonderful. Multiplayer PVP can use some work. Similar to Ark in some ways but with a greater emphasis on base building. Very complete for an early release game."
,Recommended,259570,33853301,Posted: 28 July,all,Hackerman,I launched a helpless animal into space with my magical fingerless glove.10/10 would launch animal again.
76561198145733901,Recommended,259570,14490394,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[TDBH] ShrekNasty,OMG when first started playing the game i kept saying it would be awesome if it had this or that. I just read through what they are playing and it hit everything im saying right on the head 10/10 love this game
,Recommended,259570,14606845,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,do not touch borf,"i am really enjoying this game, it looks nice, and it is very, very fun, but i was kind of hoping if there was a mode that allowed you to explore, or a mode that takes off the toxic stuff at night, it feels somewhat tedious to have to go back and fourth every night"
,Recommended,259570,24637211,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AlphaCompton,"(sorry for the quality of this review but I don't write reviews often)I bought this game last year (2015) and as you can see by the 3+ hours of game time , I don't play it much.Why would I recommend this game?I think this game is has lots of potential. I know everyone says that about all their games or games they like but the development team is adding things constantly to their early access game. Several times a month as far as I can see.I bought this game after reading up on the Unreal 4 engine, and after a free weekend playing Ark Survival evolved.I’ve always been a fan of Unreal 4 , this game shows it with great looking graphics, runs well for the hardware and small ~2GB game size is probably all due to Unreal 4.Did the game live up to my expectations after playing Ark Survival?No, but I genuienly believe that it will be just as good in the future.The game felt more like Minecraft Tower defense for a while since your base is attacked at night and you can’t venture too far away at first but this summer they started adding food requirements and expanding on actual survival elements.The parkour also feels really good, I enjoy running around and climbing stuff, or running along walls. That said, I haven’t encountered any bugs or glitches, which you’d normally find in an early access game. It’s also possible I just haven’t gotten far enough to see them.Anyway, if you like Sci-fi settings, feeling the pressure of keeping your base safe and of course gathering materials and building stuff  then I think you’ll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,259570,18659510,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,"101=5, bryan=5",GREAT gameit runs quite smoothi love the chain smashsgreat grapicsit almost never crashs for meand over all i'm having a good time play thishowever there isn't a whole lot of content but hey its pre ahpla
76561198038612396,Recommended,259570,14254028,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[XIII] Snider,"For an early alpha this game shows promise. However, I have seen many early alpha games get scrapped for many different reasons even though the gameplay was solid. I hope to see this game develope and grow where so many other games have failed."
,Recommended,259570,22435568,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,LVL 99 Slime,Its pretty good as is and from the looks of it is only gonna get better. No instant gratification updates but the updates are regular and timly with plenty of worthwhile features in every one.
,Recommended,259570,15847485,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Selling acount,"This games potential! Woah! looks so nice, performs well, smooth, all out this game is one of the best greenlight style game ive ever seen in my 7 years gaming experience. A bit of optimisation and multiplayer/co-op would be great!-Spawn in-Run for ages-See hive-Cry-Throw some ♥♥♥♥ers-Cry-Freak out from toxic time-Cry-Fall off world-Googles how to play and some gameplay-Restarts-Sees hive-Kicks♥♥♥♥♥-Cry-Build house-Craft weapon-Fall of world in dramatic trick shot with ""Eminem- Till I Collapse"" playing the background10/10"
,Recommended,259570,22968605,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Michael,"I had previously written a review found below indicating that I couldn't recommend the game without options to defend against griefing.  The developers noticed right away and were helpful in explaining that with PvE servers my concerns would be resolved.  The developers are actively listening to the community and that speaks volumes about the quality of development.  The game play is quite fun.  This game is a really nice survival game with first person shooting aspects, kind of mixed with tower defence  notions and is worth trying out.  Keep it up devs!Previously:I have played survival games where offline griefing is prominent and this game is setting itself up for that same failure, especially after the new patch where looters can take all your stuff while you're logged offline.  I have over 600+ hrs in ARK, which is a similar concept and when I woke up one day Everything I had spent that entire time building had been destroyed and I logged in dead.  I have no beef fighting online but unless this game removes offline pillaging, I can not and won't recommend it."
76561198154853589,Recommended,259570,17380241,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lost Reaper,This game is great but it needs work on the rinder levels and a bit better text its a bit hard to read it and iv noticed some lag whenever i come across the enemy and when it changes from night to day other than that its an awesome game nice landscape and design and it has a bit of a challenge wich is good i definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,259570,19983005,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,jutetrea,"Great fun, still kind of shallow.   It works, which is key.  Looking forward to more content."
76561197970479670,Recommended,259570,14313503,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Geldon,"As of v0.0.1, Eden Star has a tendency to crash on my system at the frequency of roughly 1 hour into the game, and there is no means to save, so there's no real persistence to my efforts as of yet.   Still, it's a pretty solid start to a really cool take to the whole construction-survival-sim.Core to the coolness of this game is how you are wearing a suit that lets you break down trees and rocks in a realistic fashion, they pop and break as you work, the power of a micro singularity at your fingertips, so you can scoop the matter up in some sort of matter digitizer and take it back to your Eden platform in order to build construction blocks, turrets, and weapons.  This suit can also be upgraded to become a full on grav gun, picking up and throwing enemies and other objects, as well as a rail gun upgrade.  It's a great platform to play with 3D engine physics, although it keeps everything above ground (no digging) and it's mostly just rocks and trees and aliens right now.Making progess involves upgrading your Eden platform by converting resources into energy but, the more energy your Eden platform has, the more attention of the hostile wildlife it attracts.  As there is nothing to do but upgrade your Eden platform, in theory, things will slowly but steadily ramp up from being a leisurely walk to a desperate fight to hold your ground.  In action, it's very barebones right now, the attacking wildlife comes in slowly, sometimes not at all and, just when things are starting to get interesting, the game crashes or locks up (your mileage may vary; my system might be less compatible than yours).  Lacking a means to save the game, I am sent back to the beginning.But it is certainly a pretty interesting tech demo for as long as it lasts, and I hope the developers see through their vision instead of losing motivation, pocketing the early access money and running as some do."
,Recommended,259570,20174946,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZuluSierra96,"ok. short and sweet. i love thi game great pre alpha, i dont find many bugs and the game is allot of fun to play, i know i havent loged many hours in this but i really do recomend it and supporting there idea. this game can become something amazing with the right time and efforts put into it. i recomend getting it if it crosses your mind."
,Recommended,259570,26082076,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Draconda,"This is already a great and slightly addictive game. It does get a little repetitive after a time, but that is only because the game is still being developed. I can see this being an amazing game in the long run, a game that truly does redesign the survival genra as a whole.The dev team is very active, they communicate with the community on many fronts and are willing to take advice, criticism, and new ideas to heart within this game. This has already been shown through going through forum posts on several sites. The fact that the dev team truly does seem to care so much about this game and it's community says alot about the potential of this game.I do not regret this purchase, and I am greatly looking forward to the next update."
,Recommended,259570,19908589,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Plaagdier,Hi everyone...I find this game awesome but there is much that still needs to be changed. Construction is a point i started exploring.The following needs some attention:1.  Since the last patch i cant grab and  hold creatures anymore.2. Building from two sides over a crevace is nearly impossible to join the two platforms. Look at maybe making the snap options more grid tied to enable joining of platforms easier. Due to this issue enemies spawn at night at the oposite side then cant get accross making them easy targets and unfair.3. Rotating corners of platforms and floor panels is not possible so you cant finnish off your structure corners if the auto rotate/snap doesnt enable the angle you seek.
76561198138691719,Recommended,259570,20110368,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,I love this game because it has some unique features and everything is so advanced can't wait for later features
76561198086758882,Recommended,259570,22685438,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Zappieroth132,The 1st survival game that speaks to me.And as an early access it's rock solid.The insane fast movement the building of your own base with defensive turrents to get you through the night.Collecting resources to expand your base.And suiting combat that allows you to kill enemies in many ways.I did say give it a shot.The price is fair and with upcoming content i wouldn't be concerned lack of playtime you could put into this game.Looking forward to trying out multiplayer Coop and PvP.
,Recommended,259570,33888748,Posted: 29 July,all,Stinkbug,"It feels like a full game, except for the UI"
76561197992118634,Recommended,259570,17838181,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Thighborg,"Running this on a system that should have absolutly no problem running this, however it keeps locking up and then force quitting. Too bad because this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously.PrOS:-movement is smooth.-graphics are great.-parkour, FPS, survival, exploration, and crafting morphed together-very intuitive building controls-awesome physics-great character models-tons of content already-great character improvement systemCons:-Keeps force quitting.-No story (as of yet)-Lacks interactive tutorial-Graphics need polishing-Small variety of fauna / lifeformsYes I realize this game is in early development and it will only get better. However to be fair, the cons reflect what is missing already and if not addressed will affect the playability of this game. On the other hand, this game is so awesome, and the idea is so bad♥♥♥♥♥ and you can tell the devs have worked their asses off for this game so I am recommending this game. This game has the most potential of any of the early releases Ive invested into recently and Im so excited to see what the future hold for us and this game."
76561198001374187,Recommended,259570,21261909,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,imbaslap,"Great game for its current state. the only issue myself and other friends are having is memory leaks i believe when we play multiplayer? on the New york server, our PC's would randomly shut down for no reason(not due to overtemp or anything) without any messages. it would only happen while playing this game though. I assume the devs will fix this as soon as possible, but this does hinder gameplay quite a bit.  simple bugs like resources going beneath the ground (unable to gather them) is quite annoying but not hindering. I also wish they would revise the damage on some of the weapons in game as well. the pistol does literally 0 damage to any enemy.i rate 7/10 so far if they fix the memory leak issues."
,Recommended,259570,20095440,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Relda,best
76561198089788216,Recommended,259570,30317980,Posted: 4 March,all,CYBER PUNK,"Good game ,needs more done but still fun."
,Recommended,259570,33077077,Posted: 1 July,all,Adeptus Ineptus,"It's taken me a while to review this since starting to play; I guess because it's fairly different to the other survival games I've reviewed. Eden Star has a good, intuitive keymapping and crafting system but it's real focus is on destroying hives and defending outposts - much more combat based than other survival games. Multiplayer seems like it would be very rewarding as having fellow colonists to harvest resources and upkeep the base would make it easier to keep your outposts and make attacks against hives.A good feature of Eden Star is that you can adjust the world settings (such as player damage %, structure damage %, structure hit points, thirst & hunger depletion, enemy spawn rates etc.) and use Free Build mode if you want so that you can focus on base-building without having to repair anything or worry about dying. It's an enjoyable game so far and I'm looking forward to seeing the dev team add more to it! ****"
,Recommended,259570,22636737,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LGTyler,Wow just Wow.After a small time of learning of what is what this game is brill. Im Enjoying every aspect of if from defence to building a base. Small bit of advice for new players Build turrets after you plant your kit. But anyway a game i recomend to play if you enjoy Building and defence.Looking forward to whats to come before the final version before it comes out normaly.
,Recommended,259570,20043388,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,säm,Space... Gun... Bug... 10/10
,Recommended,259570,29698915,Posted: 4 February,all,Wilhelm Winter,To me this is  one of the best survival games  ive ever played.  The customization in it is really amazing and theres alot to learn.
76561198007262287,Recommended,259570,14296620,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Wrath,Very neat game if still basic.  It needs more still... lots more.  At 15 hours I pretty much tapped out everything I could do but it was a fun 15 hours.  I'll try playing the games again in two or three months and see where it is then in its development.
76561198063416574,Recommended,259570,23803152,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Big Bad Wolf,i Loved this game so much...untill they updated the building Mechanics...........o well i had a great time playing and building  in this gamei recommend this game.........9/10
76561198013097108,Not Recommended,259570,32149055,Posted: 3 June,all,Wraith,"65% is my score for this game I like it but can't recommend it.The first few minutes are going to kill this game if something is not done about it. I'm all for being dropped into the middle of a situation with no chance of survival, its fun. But in this game you are (Presumably a colonist who will have gone through training to get there) dropped in with no idea how the little equipment you have even works while being mobbed by aliens that plausably explode on death (Nice touch by the way) If you stick with it and get passed an intro that by all rights can only be appriciated by the developers and total moasacists then you are faced with a pretty standard survival game of today played on hardcore mode. Permadeath is something I love and switch on in every games its available.  The problem is that here its not all that needed once you have a little experience of how to build a defence system or nine. After that surviving the night just becomes a matter of waiting till the guns go quiet and then picking up anything useful you find among the enemies dead and checking to see what was damaged in the attack.I want to recommend this game because it really has some interesting features, and using a zero point glove to hurl enemies off a cliff never gets old, but the game is just too shallow and had the whole rinse and repeat of defend, repair, craft and attack about it and nothing else. This game needs either something is the area of a story to follow or some target other than survive the next attack. Being alone on an alien world gets old is all I'm saying."
76561198083323151,Recommended,259570,19215779,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ChronosFlame,"Not sure if I've made a review for this yet... And I'm not exactly sure doing this at 6 in the morning, with no sleep at all, is the brightest of choices, but here I go.What's a good way of describing Eden Star? Well... It's good. Like, really good. How it works is much different than any others like it. In fact, it confused me at first... Instead of knowing about wall running, and taking that first path towards the Eden kit, I went a long way around, and leaped off a cliff to get to it. Can something like minecraft, or the countless other Survival games do that? Maybe. But it more than likely won't make you seem like such a bad-a** while doing so.Aside from that, there's no terrain deformation. All there is, is the ability to cut down trees, dig into various above-surface ore deposits (Which regenerate over time... Somehting that could be seen as unnerving), and go at the various ""Hives"" around the game area, in order to get the lovely rare as all hell resource that you use to respawn, upgrade equipment, and so on.Where am I going with this? Not exactly sure, but I'm guessing that I'm doing pretty good so far. Anyways, the combat system is very unique... It's rare for a game to go ""Here. Have fun."" and give you access to an item that lets you throw things around like rag dolls. Sure, the targeting is a bit off... Making it hard to actually hit things that are close to you... But it's a fun and unique part of the game that adds that much more charm to it all.And on the topic of charm... The design of the map is beautiful. And with the ability to run up and along walls for short distances makes it that much better. I can't tell you how long I spent climbing a single mountain, to ""save some time"", while exploring. Spoiler warning: It didn't. And I was attacked about halfway up. Without a gun. Fun, right?But yeah, I haven't played the game lately, as... Even with all its charm, I have to admit, it can get a bit old after a while, in the stage it was at. But I would play this game over any other, any day of the week. Because really, it's fun, and I enjoy how different it is compared to other games. Sure, there are people out there who could play ""Call of duty advanced Z nuke strike"" and call it innovative in its rinse-wash-repeat design, and good on them. They found a game they like. But I'm thinking that they wouldn't enjoy this game too much... It'll just be too complicated for them. But yeah, you may like this game, or you may not. This is just my opinion on it, and if you don't like it, leave."
76561198086305178,Recommended,259570,17243327,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,MrMpunit,"Eden Star is this open world first-person shooter sandbox base building game. It has it's perks, challenges, and unique art/style. This game has an enormous amount of potential for future version releases. More enemies, weapons, possibly multiplayer, and vehicles is an example of this potential.The only thing that this game lacks is purpose or a goal so to speak. Survival in modern day games is a common goal and common sense which is no longer unique as a challenge when stranded in unchartered territory.Once you figure out how everything works, the building system and the RMD modules, it gets very boring. After a handful of hours playing the Hardcore mode you have already built the rifle and pistol, a small base with defenses and a couple of maxed out eden kits, and have upgraded just about everything.After this point you've essentially reached the ""end"". The only thing to do at that point is to build a bigger base, which is great and all but when you realize that any other rooms other than the ones for the Eden Kits are useless, building a castle seems less interesting.Overall, I would recommend this game, it is something that unexpectedly caught my attention for a week or so of casual gameplay. I hope to see more new features and additions to this game in the near future!"
76561198043756292,Recommended,259570,17735245,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nocturion777,"First of all this Game is Amazing for an Alpha State Game. Nearly no glichtes, its super playable.What I like most of the game ist alle the Stuff you can do its feels like an nice mixture of an Survival-RPG-Egoshooter-Portal Game with a hell lot of particel effects. The look and feel is amazing and i can highly recommend the game.The only bad part about it is that when you played it for about 12 hours there is absolutly nothing new to discover.The following recommandations for the great team behind this game.PLS let us upgrade the eden kit even further. I need so much more slots for Turrets.how about some hard wired points for upgrading the denen kit like if you hit lvl 5 shield upgrade you can develop the base into a new state wich also looks different?"
76561198006782422,Recommended,259570,19725654,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Farmores,Its its a great concept so far im loveing it but there really isnt much to do yet so ill wait to tell my freinds until i can actually sit down and play without runing out of content
,Recommended,259570,20193268,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,du = Tds - Pdv,"So to start of. For a pre-alpha game it's very impressive.Concept: The concept is very interesting. At times feels like a fpswith some satisfying weapons (currently pistol, SMG, Rifle, Sniper, Baton, Energy Baton)and then feels like a 3D mine craft.The build system is very similar to fallout 4 in terms of snapping objects etc..but atm, as it is pre-alpha, doesnt have content (basic structural components, 3 types of turret and a few utilities, power gen etc..)FPS: FPS wise it's pretty solid having been built with Unreal Engine 4.Weapons have satisfying models and sounds and the enemies are varied enough torequire different tactics not just spamming rifle. You can also upgrade youmining tool to project kinetic blasts for knock back and through upgradesadd furhter knock-back, damage, projected laser etc.. to make combat muchmore varied. Feels sort of like a fantasy RPS with both guns and magicks.Enemies: There are a select few differnt types of enemies that spawn at certain sites,destroying the hive while enemies attack is challanging and rewarding (rare ore telirium?)On a night they attack your base and if you don't take care of the hive the attacksbecome worse, sustaining damage to walls,defenses and your EDEN kit.Movement: I really like the parkour in this game. Very satisfying to be acble to scale rock faces withthe ability to actually reach ledges significatly higher than you.Mining: Mining is cool. Holding the right mouse strips ore deposits andtrees with a nice context menu telling u the compisition of different minearls.THe mining can also be upgraded to either be faster, reach futher or enhance combat by paralysing enemies andthen throwing them etc..Graphics: Very nice graphics as expected form unreal engine 4. Lighting is a bitodd for me (could just be me) but the light and dark areas can be too high contrast at times.However as pre-alpha this isn't something I would hold against the DEVS.Mulitplayer: Not done multiplayer yet but the devs have some pretty good looking guides forsetting up a server.Upgrading and construction: The upgrades and construction require certain minerals/oresas a base cost and some allow you to choose the aditional ore/mineral. This allowsyou to play stategically in what ores/minerals you have to spare etc..basic structures like walls etc. can be made using a select few, some way more common than othersbut the rarer minerals/ores add bonuses / debuffs to HP heat resistance etc... which is a nicetouch. Equipment wise upgrades for your mining tool, kinetic force, repair tools requires both specific minerals/oresand additional. Ammo is made at the Eden Kit so you have to work for your ammo, again a nice touch.Development: The devs seem very pasionate about this game and what they've promisedto include looks like this game could become very popular.Future prospects: Once more content is added, simple structures, utilties, defenses etc and more upgradesI think this game could be a real hit. I can forsee large multiplayer servers with factions etc..in a PVE environment. Differnt builds such as Heavy hitters, expert miners, expert navigators etc, crowd controllers..Bosses should be an interesting feature in terms of reward etc..Here are some of the features in dev at the time of this review:16km island, should be very interestingBoss like enemiesExplosive weapons - will like to see how much the ammo drains ur resourcesMore buildablesCreature creation - should be funVehicles - Yes please!and some features planned:more melee - would be cool to see upgradesupgradeable armour - very nice, shield upgrades? regen, damage etc...More utilities - not just power generatorscaves - would be awesome builing in a cave with a heavly fortified frontrobotic allies - customisable would be awesomeMy thoughts: Been a space age open world builder, I would like to see some advance structures andthe ability to change fine details etc.. no doubt someone will try and build a death star. Things like teleport stations so u can set up microbases in distant locations.Jump pads to cross chasms, surveying tools, maybe bots that go out to survey where goodsources of minerals are.Storage boxes are needed.More upgrade trees that allow characters to focus on one aspect. such as enhancing the fps elemnt,enhancing the ""magic"" elements, enhancing the melee elements. This could make boss battlessimilar to MMOs where each class can have a differnt input that complents others.Armour upgrades trees that can favor sotrage, defense, speed, parkour etc..Large muliplayer servers not just private ones (64 player+ ?)More trees etc...Game music etc..More minerals/ore types.Also with a game like this you need some way of keeping people interested. If I build everything why do I keep playing?By defeating bosses can I get new upgrades? Super rare ores to allow new upgrades?Prehaps require minerals/ores for a power source. Have a constant drain on the bae to encouragestocking more / upgrading eficieny.Overall I feel this game has real potential, based on what is already in this build.By buying pre-alpha you put money into something and the reward could be huge.p.s. wrote this article in a notepad editor and my spell check was giving me jip. Expect mistakes."
76561197968876564,Recommended,259570,22088031,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cg49me,"Really cool concept, graphics are gorgeous, and gameplay generally feels pretty smooth...  Lots of great things to come for sure, unfortunately it's a glitchy mess right now.  I've only got a few hours in, and I've had three crashes, and multiple ""weird things"" (turrets randomly exploding, controls becoming unresponsive, etc.).I've been watching it for awhile, so I obviously still recommend the game (I picked it up on a sale).  Give it some time..."
76561198211723888,Recommended,259570,22085709,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Gymyr,The graphics and gameplay are amazing especially for an early access game.  The only two problems I have with this game is that there's not a whole lot to build.  Once you build the armory box and generators there's not too much more to build except defense.  The second issue I have is that the game is very repetitive.  Once you get your base built and up and running everyday in the game is pretty much the same.  That being said I understand the game is still being developed and I can't wait to see the new additions the dev's put into the game...
,Recommended,259570,15735758,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheDapperTurkey,this game is not what i had thought it would turn out to be atleast currently right now it just seems like a futuristic tower defendce game with survival elements tacked on i understand this is meant to feel like a survival and tower defence but most of the time its a constant struggle to survive because of the mass of enemys seen every nightthis game is worth having a look at now and then to see if it has improved any more or had some amazing update but in its current state its not worth unless you really love this genre i'd still say the game is good just not worth the buy unless your a diehard fan or just have leftover moneybut that's my opinionimprovements they could make that you should look out for are randomly generated worlds more difficulty settings sandbox/creative mode vehicles and just survival mode (eliminating enemys coming and destroying your base at night) multiplayer and adding beds or a sleep function
,Recommended,259570,16111540,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Resolution,"Just bought this game on a whim. I have to say, I am impressed greatly with the game. The biggest problem with games of this type is the fact that they don't run well. Thankfully that doesn't seem to be the case here. Eden Star is really stable as far as early access games go. However, it is far from perfect. My major gripe is that the game is simply TOO DARK. Even in daylight, I find it difficult to navigate without the flashlight on at all times. I do love where the game is going, and hope that the devs keep up the good work."
76561198105512061,Recommended,259570,17083280,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Uriank,"I love this game and since multiplayer is coming soon i will really love it after thenNot added yet pros - Ability to choose on a server if you want PvP or Co-op and perhaps more modes-  Objectives to do coming soon :DPros - Good graphics- Lots of alien attacks- Finable eden kits so that you'll go exploreI dont know any cons yet but I have one thing to say after destroying a lot of alien nests and I mean a lot they stop attacking why? I ask after a few days I just gathered more resoures instead of waiting and about 10 days after they stopped attacking, they called in the fleet BIG TIME a huge alien army just straight up attacked by base from the air and ground and I was like, well I figured out what they were doing"
76561198060813179,Recommended,259570,18698041,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,mike.kate,"good graphics, and very fun base and turret building worth the money completely cant wait for it to be finished. also if a shotgun gets made in this game my life would be complete lol."
76561198007664759,Recommended,259570,17429779,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Pepe Silvia,"2 hours in, and i think this is good game. One day this will be great thank you devs."
76561198059862716,Recommended,259570,24753120,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,FireStorm Victory,"Eden Star Offers a brand new expericence into surviving as you step out of your drop pod to find yourself in a uncolonized world where your job is to colonize it, one step at a time. you only have 20 mins to get everything ready and when night hits, it gets pretty tough when enemies start bogging you down, and that is where the core gameplay mechanics shine. Right now its early access, but the developers are constantly communicating with the players, and that where Eden Star  starts to get better and better every week. They always listen to the player suggestions and consider thier ideas' and implement those suggestions into development and try to see where it goes from there. if it makes it, great! if not, well at least they listened."
76561198331028414,Recommended,259570,29578075,Posted: 29 January,all,Echo_Playz,"Amazing game!! 10/10 I could play this for hours. I do have two suggestions though, one is to expand things like Armour, weapons, more things to build and craft etc.. and the second one is to maybe add vehicles. This is such a fun game!!"
76561198189865057,Recommended,259570,18984148,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Marzuqx1,The game has a lot of potential. Still waiting for the updates to come out.
76561198007499814,Recommended,259570,16117054,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,oOCitadelOo,"For only playing less than 20 mins of the game...I can see great potential and supporting the developers. Some minor bugs in regarding to sound effects. But, nonetheless impressive and I am very excited about this game. I know I will be lost for hours playing it."
,Recommended,259570,29720492,Posted: 5 February,all,Gilbobagins,how come everytime I host a game my server never shows up on the server list but my friends can find the server. why is this happening? Any help would be nice.ports are forwarded and firewall is set
,Recommended,259570,32599393,Posted: 20 June,all,Crazywolf5000,"This is a game with many flaws, most of which boil down to the fact that it is in early access, but what is there is fun. I especially enjoy how satisfying the combat is as you chuck enemies into trees with enough force to chop the tree down. My biggest issue with the game is the lack of a goal, similarly to other games in this genre, you aren't given much of a reason to build up your base, explore, or anything. They seem to be on the right track however with the introduction of the tutorial, wheatly-esc robot, wich I think could be used as some form of questgiver, alongside the numerous bases that are scattered about the map wich could function as dungeon type things in the future with some powerful weapon or tool that can't be crafted otherwise. I think that if the developers expanded on these aspects, the game could be improved greatly, but like I said, I do enjoy what the game has right now."
,Recommended,259570,34154575,Posted: 10 August,all,CageVohnReaper,Only issue I have is the player base not being very big or active. Other wise I enjoy the hell out of this ganme!
,Recommended,259570,18689894,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Clone303,dam this game is nice and fun to play of cause it still need alot of work but just use the power glove to throwing bugs around wtih is really fun and the game is really beautiful but i almost finde it a bit to dark
76561198210344349,Recommended,259570,29525689,Posted: 27 January,all,MFdarkhunter,"I like it, fun with freinds cool weapon custimization and base building, just nice all around"
,Recommended,259570,29789292,Posted: 8 February,all,AtlasBlu45,"For peopl who love the sci-fi theme, this is definitely a game worth buying. Not only is it tons of fun, but you get to blast alien lifeforms with futuristic tech imbedded into your hand; now who wouldn't want that!?+ Elements of a base defender game+ Futuristic/Sci-Fi theme+ Nice graphicsRecommended. :)"
,Recommended,259570,28302184,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Wolfy,"This game, in a nutshell, in my opinion, is great.But, It has it one problem I find EVERY game this year has. The inability to disable grass. MANY people have FPS problems due to this simple little thing, adding up to take every frame you have and esentually throw it into the garbage.There is ALOT of grass, and it ends up bogging down the frame rate alot. I understand that alot of people don't mind it, and infact there are some that prefer it. But there are people like my self, that would be able to run the game so much better if we were simply able to click a box that says ""Disable/Reduce grass"".I may not how much time put into this game thusfar, but I can say for certan, this game will only get better than it already is."
,Recommended,259570,15857645,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Orici,Finally a buillder/gathering game with good graphics
76561198101003576,Recommended,259570,21055737,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ironpandaslyer,its fun so far needs work but thats what an alpha is for :)  6.3/10
,Recommended,259570,14491228,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Gatormonkey,"This game just came out and, in my opinion, is already better than games like Starforge and such. I just got it yesterday and I'm already in love."
76561197991025709,Recommended,259570,14268872,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Vai,When it doesnt crash after about the 3rd nightfall this game will be awesome.Only putting recommended so it gets the support it needs.
,Recommended,259570,14845650,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,LinkyJohn,"Let Me Get This Out Before You Purchase This Game. This Is NOT A Sandbox Game. This Is A Wave Tower Defender Type Game With Crafting And Rescources. Now This Does Not Mean its A Bad Game But it Does Mean I Did Not Recieve The Game I Thought I Was Buying. Here Are My Cons And Pros Of This Game.Cons:-The World Is The Same Every TIme. Thats RIght There Is No Randomly Generated Or Select A Premade World, Its The Exact Same Thing Everytime. It Gets Boring Ater 3 Times of Play or So.-The World Is Not Big. It Will Take About 10-20 Minutes To Explore The Entire World In This Game. 10 Minutes If You Run Fastly Around And 20 If You Take Everything In And Just Laze Around. Too Me This is The BIGGEST Dissapointment. Because Its The Same Exact World Everytime This Is Just A Major Letdown. Its A Rather Small World And Is Amazingly Annoying That You Can Die By Falling Off The World.-The Game Decievingly Looks Finished. This game Is FAR From Finished. Its Visuals Are There, Its Main Game Mechanic Is There, But Everything Else Is Not.-This Game Is Not Worth 20 Dollars. Do Not Buy This Game At All Unless You Want To Support The Game Itself, 15 Would Be The Best price But 20 Just Feelse Like A Lot For A Small World That is The Same Everytime. Of Course This Will be Changed In The Future, But For Now Just Hold Off Until it Lowers, Or Is Expanded.Pros:-Unique Gameplay. This is An Amazingly Unique Game. Very Fun And Amazing-VISUALS. OH MY GOD. Where Do i Start?! The Visuals Are AMAZING, When You Destroy The Root Of A Tree And It Falls, Or When You Suck The Rescourses Out Of A Rock, it Looks great! The Pieces Fly At You, And Absorb Into Your Suit! It Looks Amazing! And So Does Climbing And The Enviroment!-The Wave Defense is Great! I Really Enjoyed It! It Was Very Challenging And Fun! If You Like Wave based Defense Games I Would Totally Purchase this now!Overall Eden Star Has Good Pros And Bad Cons. But In The End I Would Hold Off Unless You love Wave TowerDefense Games! Good Luck Fighting Off the Alien Invaders ;)"
76561197972559582,Not Recommended,259570,20729702,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,8byteTassadar,"Game starts out with an amazing environment and some cool creatures. Fun for about 4 hours on single player until you realize how shallow the game is. Build 6 turrets on a cliff and you are set.Login to multiplayer only to realise only 4 people in the world are playing this game. Join a server anyway with one other player, he does not respond. Try to attack creatures but the lag is unbearable.Needs some work."
76561198155404592,Recommended,259570,15287104,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Zximo,Excellent Graphics brilliant gameplay  ------BUTturrets need an update constantly shooting dead enemys is really annoying.so i set up enough turrets to deal with any problems with my help BUT a hive is able to spawn directly next to my Eden kit :(NOT COOL!!!also the kinetic ability is awesome and really adds to this games fun factor BUT would love to be able to throw enemy straight back aswell the pulse just doesnt cut it XDPossibly add the ability to upgrade your suit to include an upgradable jet pack that you have to build to jump to floating islands or get to those hard to reach places ;)In short Love the game it really is a game that i enjoy i even convinced my friends to buy it (we are hoping that you do progress to multiplayer!!!)  I will update on any more bugs or fixes i think need development besides the obvious like being able to repair structures building a tower with a turret if your bottom block is destroyed the entire tower is destroyed :(ANYWAYS BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!
76561198094348380,Recommended,259570,15345901,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Pastel Faerie,"o3o First thought, was it worth the 20$... I wander around the world for a bit, make my base. Everything is all calm and im making a seemingly invincible fortress. First few days, nothing attacks so i figured maybe i was just too far from the hives. Nope. Eventually they started coming in huge swarms outta no where and the turrets held them off pretty well and my base was pretty well armored. Then I right clicked while looking at one and noticed the flinging stuff wasnt just for the trailer. You can literally pick up one and throw it around and do whatever you want. Throw it sky high then slam it down into a crowd of enemies, grab one and slam it into another and watch them explode, or just grab one and slam it into trees and rocks until its dead. 11/10 slamming bugs all night. So worth 20$ and totally can't wait for new stuff. :D"
,Recommended,259570,17531561,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,DR-DJ (-<3Leah-),"IM SURPRISED!!!! its really good in style, flow (theres parkour and its really good!) and overall fun!i wish there was more guns and less lag becuase theres a bit of that LAG SPIKE thing going on they NEEEEEEEEEED TO FIX!but overall well worth the money just make sure u can run it and a bit more!                 7.5/10FALLOUT STAR CAPS! :)"
76561198042903986,Recommended,259570,19872597,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Alioshia,"Very fun to play, runs smoothly on my ancient computer too. Currently not enough content to be worth $20, but its definently fun enough to be worth $20.My only issue is an issue others seem to be having,  turrets stop firing for no reason when you get mass mobbed.The graphics are great reguardless what settings your on.Can easily recommend."
,Not Recommended,259570,31746130,Posted: 14 May,all,Cube,"I would wait until there is more to the game, it is still being actively updated, but a bad tutorial combined with meh gameplay doesn't make for much of a fun experience. The game looks great, but there isn't much too it at the moment. You build stuff, you get attacked, you shoot aliens, maybe the multiplayer has more depth, I don't know, but for single player I would not recommend currently."
,Recommended,259570,19067966,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,NeüTral csgo500.com,"WICKED, AWSOME GAME. But i suggest you wait a while until buying it because it currently has a lot of bugs and it is very unfinished, but its definetly worth your money. (Also you can laugh at the recoil)"
76561198034975751,Recommended,259570,14835713,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Tazkid,"10/10, 2 thumbs up, and 5 stars. for being an early access game this is incredible. These guys really have some great potential to create an amazing game. And it already is amazing, i cant wait to see how it continues to develop. I love the gathering and crafting. the combat is smooth and the building is great. All that really need to happen is fill in all the gaps, add more bugs, weapons, materials, buildings, and make a story. All you know is that you walk out of a pod on a strange planet, it would be cool to have a story behind it and a motive to survive. There does need to be more variaty in the bugs (only one so far). mabye some that fly or are super strong. there could be ""brude mothers"" that guard a large hive that spawns bugs. So much could happen that could make this game above and beyond. Again after playing it i am very excited to see where this game goes. But if there are going to be more bugs there has to be a REPAIR feature. That is a must. Also, whenever i build my base near a mountain the bugs spawn on top and just rain down explosives and I cant do a thing about it cause I cant climb up there nor can I see them. So that could use some work. A radar that shows where the bugs are would be very helpfull. Even if you only have the radar when in proximity to your base. Im also having some issues with sound. The only sound I get is when I hurl bugs around, which is my favorite part. There is just something about throwing bugs everywhere that is very satisfying. But other than that its a silent game. That might just be my issue but I thought id mention it. The amount of time between night and day could be lengthened or the ability to upgrade how fast you collect resources. I feel that I dont have enough time to get the resources I need in the time that is provided.Well all in all I would recomend this game to anyone looking for a solid survival gathering building game. If your on the fence just get it, its worth it. I could see this game going for 30$+ as it is so get it while its cheap. Good job Devs, I'll be looking forward to the future updates."
76561198067438580,Recommended,259570,14330528,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,nigel.camfield,"i brought the game yesterday and couldn't stop playing all night.sadly though i had to get some sleep. the graphic's are quality as is the game play.this has the makings of an absolutely superb game.will there be an oppurtunity in the game to have an upgrade to the suit to enable limited night movement outside the dome?(just a thought), also how about having a h.u.d map utility?,i do have a current problem however, i have tried to load the game tonight ,only to find it will not load up,,,,music but black screen then crashing.i know you have listed this as a minor issue but for me its a major one as i cant play and explore more...grrr! any ideas fella's ?"
76561198020305022,Recommended,259570,16123670,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,killer123673,a vary nice game fun and awsome hope to see more updates
,Recommended,259570,16634314,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rocketlr,"I dont see why this cant be as succesfull as Space engineers. I have a lot of fun in it and each patch is like a christmas gift. The devs are doing an awesome job and this type of game play is something that ive wanted for a long time!+Runs smooth on my Gtx 780. & I7 4770k system,+Awesome graphics+Can quickly build up a base and start enjoying the game.+Cool effectsI dont have anything negative to say at this stage. From what i've seen in their forums is that there is more on the way. And i like what i see. The big thing that is on the way is the multiplayer. which im really exited for!If you ask me then this is worth supporting."
,Recommended,259570,16894173,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,The Lombax,"I would reccomend this, but you should have a pretty good computer. I have a computer that is better than average, and the lag makes it impossible to do anything. If the authors see this, please try to optimize the game better in future updates."
,Recommended,259570,25959324,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[SWE]Bandit,"I had tons of fun with this game, I love survival games.Problem with most games in this specific categoryis that they are not close to finish. That makes a game harder to judge.I can say that what Eden star has managed to put out a funearly access game that looks fantastic and it's fun to play.Most of the gameplay I have is single player and I enjoyed it allots,cant wait so se where  this game is headed.I recommend this game so far."
76561198135319151,Recommended,259570,26379152,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[FPS!]GnosticLucifer,"For a pre alpha the first few minutes I played were amazing, the physics are good, the game is extremely dynamic in resources as far as I can see I cannot wait to see the game once I am deep in :D"
76561198189160061,Recommended,259570,31084253,Posted: 11 April,all,Senzaku,"Its getting there,slowly but its getting to the point where its more enjoyable, i hope they fix mob spwans or maby have already did not like them to suddenly pop up like they were around you, *have not played in a bit* but they are adding alot of stuff, just gotta keep this games Reviews positive, cuz unlike other dev's this game even lets you vote on stuff somtimes and they listen to your suggestions so i wouldent blow it out of the water with a negative review just yet. maybe next year if its still meh but now is not the time."
76561198151841632,Recommended,259570,28790356,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wintermutex0,"So far i'm mostly loving it. The only real problem i've come across is being forced to jump sometimes when i am hit. Trust me, they can launch you extremely far causing some of the most ridiculous deaths i've ever seen in a game."
76561197984529431,Recommended,259570,31921575,Posted: 23 May,all,muricaderp,"Ah Eden Star, the game that is a place holder. It's EA so the game is still being heavily worked on and quite Frankly, is turning out better than some other EA games of similar concept. The developers actually know what they are doing, i have yet to find a bug in this game that totally breaks the gameplay, or ruins any sort of progress. Honestly i've only encounterd 1 thing that barely counts as a bug. I was jumping over some rocks when i got stuck in between two rocks, and couldn't climb/jump out of them.Maybe i was just lucky, but my expierance has been pleasent so far. There really isn't a lot of content, so buy this EA title to support the devs then maybe come back in a year or so to check whats new."
,Recommended,259570,24218999,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,slingshot5,"There is a slight problem with the two-legged land creatures AI (please tell me the name of them, they look like birds kind of, just please tell me what they are so I dont look like an idiot, thanks). They have a tendancy to become statues and stop moving (including idle animations) like they are in a museum (yes, like Night at the Museum). This looks pretty weird because there can be a whole group of them and they could be standing there motionless and be STARING INTO YOUR SOUL (sorry I was being over dramatic but you get the point its weird). Please fix this and if you have any awnsers please head to my thread ""AI problems"" to update me on the problem and if anybody else is experienceing this, thanks. Now seince im writing a review I might as well talk about the game and to sum it up in one word THIS GAME IS GREAT (dang it, four words, I know that attempt at humor was bad but what ever moving on....). This game has alot of potential as a great FPS/sanbox game that has great graphics I mean LOOK AT IT JUST LOOK AT THE FOUNDATIONS ON YOUR BASE, LOOK AT IT, they look beautiful (and no, I dont have an weird attachment with base foundations) but also look at the walls they look stunning and so does everything else. This game has alot of potential but I have a sugestion....VEHICLES (ok Im using to many caps to emphasize my point). Vehicles would be cool and interesting to have such as ships, tanks etc. Anyway this game is great 10/10 ign (no, im not ign and its probobly a 9/10 but you get the point I dont have to explain myself)."
,Recommended,259570,17001645,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Buck,"It is surprisingly not bad. The game is kinda fun.At first, I had some doubts but the game ran smoothly and it looks great. The movement feels fluent and the combat it pretty nice.This is incredible concedering the fact this is an early-access game. Alot of the games that have the early access tag on them have been absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this has proven itself very well.Love the game and the devs.10/10 Not DayZ"
76561198040512248,Recommended,259570,14299551,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[ANEX] 2HamDan,Love the game love the idea i understand its an early release and i have full hope it will be better then it is now the ai need to be a bit more agressive though
,Recommended,259570,18006684,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,tomahawk058,This is Steam's fault I've written more reviews in the last day then I have in afew years. Really it's the products they carry but regaardless when you have found a treasure you want to share the news. This game is a diamond and its NOT at all in the rough. Its the apatity of both Creation and Destruction in one wave of a Hand. Its takes a very minimum amount of time even on a low end rig to get the graphics to perfection. It entertains and test your  brain creativity with every keystroke. Listen heres a deal buy this game at its current price believe me its worth more...not only are you getting a great concept but one thats being updated and improved and expanded on indefinately. If its this good already your only coming out way ahead. Brillient motor fascinating enviroment Beautiful Job.
,Recommended,259570,25870921,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ankido,"Based off of the time I've played and experience.The game looks amazing.  It's very smooth and seems bug free for an early access.  I don't like how there's a 20 minute timer for you to build a base and protect yourself from attackers.  It's  agreat idea but 45 minutes sounds a bit better or even 40 minutes.  The reason why I say this is because resource required to build stuff is very very high compared to most survival games.  It's not just one resource you need to gather but two different kind.  The experimental fixed the rocks.  Before that, there were never any rocks to gather.  Luckily, there is plenty to go around.  Again, the resource needed to gather and build is too high.  Needs to be lowered.Overall the game plays really well.  Unfortunately, the multiplayer is dead.  Not sure who the Devs are making this game for.  The 8-10 people that play it? I hate games that are multiplayer with no player base.  In all honesty.  There are way too many survival games and everyone is spread out.  Will this game get a huge fan base?  Not really.  The worse survival game has most of the fan base and that's ARK.  Blows my mind why people think that game is good.  If you ask me, Eden Star is better than ARK.Eden Star is worth a try.  Don't expect to play with others since nobody is around in multiplayer."
76561198133027538,Recommended,259570,30071737,Posted: 20 February,all,COBRUH,"The developers are still here dont worry lolLooks nice, feels nice, cool survival game kinda style"
76561198012610173,Recommended,259570,15472079,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Genoscythe,"UPDATE 8. October 2015:Still gonna give my thumbs up for this game, the new additions (more upgrades, a new biome, heavily improved building UI including new buildings, new enemy AI including perception and improved pathing, new foliage system that improves performance and makes forests more dense) make sense and the game still runs way too smooth for an alpha. No major crashes or freezes on my system, in all of my playtime the game crashed around 7 times through all updates. The development process is as transparent as ever (devs uploading designs and plans for basically everything except lore). My experience has been nothing but positive until now.Multiplayer is soon going to be added too, I am going to further update my review by then.game: 8.5/10 (not too much to do, but it's an alpha dammit), graphics 9/10, potential 17/10------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Eden Star is an early-access game with a sci-fi setting. It belongs to the genres of sandbox, ego-shooter and has roleplay elements.So, first off, this game is in a very early early state and most of the gameplay is not implemented, this review is based on the 0.04 pre-alpha update.I can only speak positive of this game so far, the stability is frightening for a game in a this early state, I only encountered 4 crashes so far and the FPS are stable (i7, 760gtx), the game runs on Unreal Engine 4. The graphics are really good, feel well composed and the art-style is appealing(imo).Now let's come to the gameplay aspect: Some upgrades are already in, 3 weapons and basic construction. Most of it feels well implemented, it just seems that the devs know exactly what they want, this is not some project of some unorganized garage-devs(*huh*starforge*huhhuhu*). Shooting is still a bit inaccurate. The cool thing is the power of UE4, resource mining feels really awesome and the world is really immersive. The fighting is based on shooting and using your tools like lifting enemies and samshing them into the ground, all paired with parcours elements and wallrunning.So, EDEN STAR has a lot of potential, but we still have to see how it will become but it definitely has better chances of becoming something. The devs are also very responsive and explain why they implement what."
,Recommended,259570,15879649,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Graufalke,"Gorgeous!  Interesting!  Involved!V0.0.5?  I have seen full release games with multiple patches in worse state!  (Devs keep it up!!)Edited out my comment about the steep learning curve.  Be sure to check the guide athttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=431075906for some good information to get started.  Experiment with what you see and keep harvesting plant life to keep your power up!  It's a hoot tossing critters off of cliffs.  Not so much when you miss a jump yourself around those same cliffs.You may have some trouble finding certain materials, but if you explore around in the different biomes, you will get a feel for that odd outcropping being a material that you have not found before."
,Recommended,259570,16124551,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gork,"This may be the game I've always wanted someone to make and didn't realize it. It is in Alpha, and so mine is crashing pretty frequently, but crashes are what Alpha is for. Once they are done with development, I am confident this will be one of my favorite games of all the ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,259570,16739156,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tyriel,"It is not much of a game yet, but it has great potential.But it is way too early to pay 20 bucks for it.I do recommend (to keep an eye on) this game."
76561198112761082,Recommended,259570,22124341,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,randfoo2005,"Smooth, flexible character mobilitySimple gathering systemnice game i play itYou will love it ifAnd I hope there will be an easy requests to build towers at the beginning of the game And still die in the first nightBut what I say I love the game :)"
,Recommended,259570,17102634,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,DaedricDrow,"In all honesty this game has more potential than any game ive played in almost 2 years! The combat is simple yet fun, the qhysics make you enjoy mining a pillar from the bottom up, and the game itself is really beautiful! When this game is closer to finished it will be top 5 for me easy! We shall wait and see where they go from here!"
76561198069610591,Recommended,259570,19644962,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DragonTemplar4,"After playing for sometime, the game is alot of fun. now you can adjust the world settings when starting a new worldI.E.- toggling enemies and fuana- How much damage you take inside and outside the shield dome- how many resources you can get from mining- Whether you starve to death or die of dehydrationSo, this allows players to have more control of if they want a PVE server or a PVP server. I do hope at some point the Developers will allow players to make their own servers. and give us tools to create video content (Might be a stretch but it would be cool)Now of course the game is stil far from finished, and if the map gets bigger which i assume it will, we would need some form of transportation. wheather this be a rover or a V-TOl. Now also it can feel over whelming when you throw down an eden kit as you get attacked by large waves of Bugs.Also you can practically make what ever gun you want now too, so more Pew pews for everyone."
,Recommended,259570,16985029,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,N7 Harbinger,"Still in development, but I am having lots of fun playing this game. Looking forward to more content for the game."
,Recommended,259570,16768795,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Adamski,"From what I have played so far, is that this game is very very good in how the game works. The crafting will get you at first but after 1 or 2 items crafted, It become 2nd Nature. Really Looking forward to what this game will give in the next updates!!10/10"
76561198085373020,Recommended,259570,16909083,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RealPsycotic,"This game is hours of fun for anyone who loves science fiction survival games. amazing graphics and loads of content being added all the time. Can run on low and high quality computers with ease, and i cant wait to see what the future holds in store for this amazing FPS."
76561198028721039,Recommended,259570,16930115,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Harpington,"The combat is smooth, and fun. Parkour is a great tool in a tower defense game, especially on this scale and I love it to death in this game. You may get a frame drop here and there but for me, it didn't bother me one bit. The devs are always adding new things, it's quite unique what they add sometimes."
76561198042252540,Recommended,259570,17128931,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Shackle,"Great new game with a lot of potential, Played on it a little & very impressed so far, as stated in a post previous, you will die a few times at the start, But very enjoyable so far. Looking forward to updates to see how it progresses from here."
,Recommended,259570,16111501,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rex 81-12,"This game is beautiful. The graphic designs are stunning and it has a clean sci-fi look to it. The gameplay is incredible for an Early Access game. Yes it is Early Access but the developers are amazingly active, even on the forums, and push out content and bug fixes rapidly. I know that a lot is coming and I seriously can't wait.There is no multiplayer upon the time of me writing this review but it is in the making which is when I force my friends to buy it and play with me. (Please don't entirely trust this line as I am not very consistent with updating my reviews.)"
76561198094721976,Recommended,259570,14718805,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DarkenRal10,"This is a very good game with a mix of tower defense (sorta) fps and survival/gather. You begin stranded on a alien planet with nothing but your wits and whats known as a ""Eden Kit"" the eden kit is your spawnpoint and storage point, Protect it at all costs! During the nights aleins come and attack your base. Things start getting hairy during your second night as you pray that your turrets work and you dont run out of pistol ammo. The only thing I feel like that could be improved is the  amount of enemies. The difficulty is fine but I hope that enemies will be spaced out a bit more. If the developers wish the aliens to be hivelike i recommend that they make the base aleins a little weaker as by the third almost everything youve built is destroyed and your cowering behind your half destroyed walls.Overall a great game and I'm looking forward to further updates"
76561198107072518,Recommended,259570,17018699,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,6ft Long Dong,"I love this game it is so fun and great graphics, awesome physics based combat and fun base defense! i reacommend this game"
76561198050720443,Recommended,259570,17055548,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Luchian,"One of the more polished games I've seen, let alone a pre-alpha.  I greatly enjoyed the Minecraft Aspects coupled with the physics based combat, reminiscent of Mass Effect.  With a pre-alpha, you usually expect bugs, sometimes major ones, but not here, only a couple small bugs as of when I write this, enemies occasionally shooting through terrain, and once in a while the hand/gun will vanish, but jumping/crouching will fix that, and moving away will get the enemies into sight range, allowing you to smash or shoot them.  Flix Interactive has got something special here, looking forward to seeing where they take it.  9.9/10"
76561198067504246,Recommended,259570,17276034,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,jackoop,"Good game and cool setting, with something hard to handle so will cost you some time to get to pass the first few nights.But Still have two ideas for the dev team to think about it.1.Even I tried few times to find a ""safer"" loc to set the kit, at my 5th or 6th night the flying aliens still too many to defend.If it's a small map TD game like now, the setting is pretty OK.But you shall give the player another ""minecraft mode"" with fewer aliens inbound in the future, let player have a chance to leave the kit farer to explorer the larger map coming.Maybe the distance to the hive do have some diffrence to the inbound number, but the gap is too small now.2.you need to improve the turrents AI, just like you need to improve the alien AI.Or it's meaningless to collect some much ore just for ""an impossible to hold xth night"" for the sandbox game player like me to enjoy it.Maybe the alien AI is not good enough is why you put in tons of them night by night, but it's not fun in the end.I will still say it's a great game for the pre- stage, and the FPS part is excellent.Hope you can keep on the good job."
76561198057334156,Recommended,259570,17451738,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DwaKilo,"Definitely as a pre-alpha this game offers a lot of content and you will definitely enjoy it until... the game crashes the first... second and third time.There is no auto-safe option, so if you don't save often manually you find yourself frustrated.  It takes some time to get your base where it should be so if you lose it  the 2nd time in a row... what can I say.I will definitely get back to this game in a while... but for the sake of my sanity I need to uninstall it until this is fixed.If I were you I would wait before buying this game. Wait for Alpha or full version... add it to your wish list. Anything but save yourself from pointless swearing at the screen."
76561198006744132,Recommended,259570,17513280,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,FarmerJock,"Has potential. while in such early Alpha....get rid of the bugs people. anoying let the creative juices flow, and make day time alot longer very annoying. Very Annoying. But has potential. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,259570,18876929,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Yair,"I realy realy like the game, its a different game, like no other, and you can realy enjoy playing it. Very very recommended"
76561198031350427,Recommended,259570,20048446,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,dark_dezire,"I'm loving this game so far... I can't wait what's next.  For an early access... OMG amazing .  If you like sandbox survival games this is for you, especially if you like sci fi.  I'm hooked... I totally  recommend this game."
76561197987203624,Recommended,259570,21669070,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Roc_Elite,The first Survival/ Base-Building game i Like! Nice graphic and realy good Gamplay.Buy it !!!
,Recommended,259570,26018284,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mcman0123,"Very good game and is much better in multiplayer than singleplayer.(In my oppinion) Very well made, but I would like a third person mode, but that's just a suggestion. Has good graphics, polished gameplay, and you have wall run which I don't really use BUT it is super awesome. It is early access but it seems to good to be there still."
76561198012404850,Recommended,259570,17049325,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,imatarget,Great game only thing that can make it better is coop/ multiplayer.
76561198045461333,Recommended,259570,34879542,Posted: 11 September,all,Do you speak Hispanic?,"I enjoy this game for it's simple mechanics. There is a simple menu to build stuff and all you need is the components. My main issues with this game come down to re-playability and immersion.First off, while this game is game focused on survival and defense, it leaves more to be desired. There are outposts you can explore, enemy encampments you can destroy, but it all begins to feel repetitive after 4 to 6 hours of gameplay.I haven't explored the terrain all that much but it's very easy to learn where to expect what resources. You go the mountains for gold and silver, and you go to the valleys for almost everything else.Secondly, and possibly the worst aspect of this game, is a lack of a soundtrack. I'm not immersed into a game unless I have music playing in the background that links to the environment. Imagine if iconic games like Halo or Skyrim didn't have their soundtracks to help draw you in? Would they have the same lasting impact?Overall, this game is enjoyable. If building bases to protect against orange space aliens is your thing, this game is perfect. However, it lacks that drawing immersion some games need."
76561198148473112,Recommended,259570,14490549,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Doggosarus,"It's a great game but it minimises right when it opens the main menu and  it's so small i cant read the screen,and it wont let me make it bigger,even if I control+alt"
,Recommended,259570,17364304,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ken Wulf,"Think of this game, as Rust, with a futuristic sci-fi twist.Better Graphics, better architecture, More challenging.--Will update as I further explore this game----EDIT--So as far as this game goes it still has allot of work to be done to it.It uses the Unreal Engine and it LOOKS AMAZING, it plays amazing, the parkour system is grand.There really isn't much I can say about it because there's not much to it yet, you build your base, you go out and mine for materials, and you protect your base every night. I believe I've explored most of the island that the game takes place on, there's only 2 types of mobs I've seen so far in my time of play. There is a laser turrest and a missile turret, and in one of their descriptions it says ""Meant for taking down larger threats"", and seeing as how I've only seen 2 of the mobs and with how open the space is. I'm very curious and afraid to find out what exactly a larger mob will be.If you think this game looks nice and sounds nice, and it peeks your interest. Then support this games development so that it can become greater."
76561198032780665,Recommended,259570,28535811,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pixelprodukt,"Honestly I would give a neutral thumb if there was such a thing. At the moment, 20 EUR (or $) seems a bit too much, as you get through the content pretty fast. But in general, this game looks very promising. I'm not a big fan of early access but from what I read it seems there are regular updates. I just hope the developers focus on the important stuff and don't start adding random things just to have new content or the community demanded it. Don't get me wrong, it's good if developers work with the community but I think too much focus on what different people say can get out of hand fast and if you look at other, similar games of that genre, some of them didn't got anywhere over years, because they are busy adding random stuff instead of focussing on the main issues, like a story or progress in general. We'll see in which way this game goes but for now, it's the game with the coolest mining ever ;) I want such a glove in real life."
,Recommended,259570,22185952,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,★ Siriusly Sirius ★,"Best strategy and raiding base ever!  Much better than CoC!In a matter of 2 days, I became a master of the Art of Raiding!11/10 would make people butthurt again. :D"
76561198150290940,Recommended,259570,23841900,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fiddle Diddler,From what I've seen of this game it all looks really awesome. I'm a huge Sci Fi buff so this game was right up my alley. Unfortunately for me my computer is absolute garbage so when I tried to play it it was laggy as all hell. Once I get enough money and a new computer I'll get this game again.
,Recommended,259570,15845166,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,-►-◄-,"For now all this game needs is random generation, and a good deal of optimization.  (a lot of optimization for us low end machine users)"
76561198018917257,Recommended,259570,16722244,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MistLynx,You need this game. There really isn't anything else that can be said you just need to play it even at this stage it is amazing and I cannot stop playing it everyday. I already have a base I don't even need to worry about defending and all the weapons and gear but I can't stop going back to roam the map more and the slamming enemies into trees or over the edge doesn't hurt either.
76561198102294744,Recommended,259570,17352301,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,langdon455,"very fun game, great potential"
76561198058869230,Recommended,259570,18465952,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,LeZip,very good early access game with alot of potential
,Recommended,259570,21539285,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jadewolf05,This game has a lot of potential.
76561198356887221,Recommended,259570,33105511,Posted: 1 July,all,lamborgini0801,"great game, but the map is to big to not have vehicles"
,Recommended,259570,27042241,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Subtle,"Great game, great updates, great communication from the staff, and just enough of a headache to survive in to bring me back again and again."
76561198137517687,Recommended,259570,30765500,Posted: 26 March,all,MaximumAtlas,"I personally love this game. Sure, it runs like S h i t when I'm not looking at the sky or ground on my laptop (which runs games like WoW at 100+ FPS), but thats the only REAL flaw I can find in this game so far. There's armor that gives different bonuses so you can decide what to go for (I.E. Raw defense, shield, more sprint time/stamina, or a mix of all 3 and more). I can't wait for the ability to find blueprints to make other guns, the shotgun got old after a while. Know what doesn't get old? Sending those little crab ♥♥♥♥♥ 30 feet into the air, yelling ""Pull!"" before doing so, and then shooting them on their way down. Love it. This game has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of potential, I can tell it won't be wasted. It's very Mass Effect gone Survival, and thats absolutely amazing. The fact climbing over ledges is actual vaulting is a very nice touch."
,Recommended,259570,33375939,Posted: 8 July,all,True_Nord_of_Skyrim,"knowing this game is in VERY early stage I set my expectations low, but when first played the first thing I noticed is that my mid-range laptop can not run this smootly no matter how low the settings, probably a 'my computer' issue but it has run simmiler games well. Asside from this I am impressed with the contoles and mechanics of the game. Enemies start out prevelent but fairly easy to manage if you know what you are doing, the one gun I got was solid and satisfying, and holy $#1FT that matter 'god glove' is the most hilarious and satisfying weapon ever! Obtaining reasorces is easy but not too quick so you still need to be aware of whats around you and the crafting is fairly simple and easy to use. I didn't get to play all that much but what I did has me very excited to see how this game develops!"
,Recommended,259570,14316305,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Ionisator,"good game.Are you sure that's only a pre-alpha?if it's rigth, this games will be a a great grame.I love the combat system throw aliens with the ""glove"" is very fun."
,Recommended,259570,26886422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RIC0H,Fun to play and has some really cool updates coming
,Recommended,259570,15711455,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Crydeαth (~￣▽￣)~,"I really enjoy playing this game. You can do quite a lot for this early version. Wallrunning is really really fun and the farming and building part is quite good! My problem was that i didnt know, if i die that i would loose my inventory... Just found another eden kit...11/10 would jump down that cliff again :D"
76561198148159392,Recommended,259570,23667411,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,qbert042,It took me a few tries to get started but after a while i found out how to survive. This game will take you many tries in the begining but once you know what your doing you will have just as much fun as i have had with the game.
,Recommended,259570,25686034,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,firesoul,"LOCAL WILDLIFE WARNING: A PIONEER WITH NEW LATEST SCI-FI CRAP IS SMASHING LOCAL WEIRD DINOSAUR THINGS INTO GROUNDPlease have caution, this is a red alert, we have sent the local army to destroy their settlement. Until then, please keep away."
76561198092199156,Recommended,259570,29065534,Posted: 6 January,all,gotf2now,That game is super the graphics and animations are awesome and didn't met any bug through my gaming of this game there are no bugs in this game.
76561198171940850,Recommended,259570,29913821,Posted: 13 February,all,gatorseat,great gm can wait for more content
,Recommended,259570,23710257,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Xeno™,"Ive , played about 20 hours of it , I host ark servers so i gave this dedicated side out so i could build a base with good ping and not use single player , Im REALLY interested to see where this game goes it's Worths it time if the devs stick with it :)I personal have spent hours playing it and i dont even game lol...( not Like i used to getting old )"
76561198009550819,Recommended,259570,14489890,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Demonocolips,its a building game with good movement and gun controls really that is the best compliment. its still really early access but it is worth investing in now.http://youtu.be/FxeTNMWNyIU
76561198175471057,Recommended,259570,31532825,Posted: 3 May,all,✯ Jhíníchíお疲れ ✯,"Great game, had an amazing time but requires a good computer!"
76561198011657297,Recommended,259570,29142152,Posted: 9 January,all,Scorpion,"This game is very good looking, and very good basebuilder .. worth the buy."
,Recommended,259570,14842413,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Pillow,i love it however if devs are reading this theres issues involving borders on windowed and borderless mode over fullscreen. otherwise the lack of currently seen content bugs me although i didnt go very far because i kept messing up due to the above mentioned issues. also saying examples of where to obtain matreals like in an encyclopedia ingame would simplify a ton of things. also want multiplayer in it that will be beast :P
76561198123691552,Recommended,259570,17135160,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Click,Great so far. I love the game. I cant wait for them to finish the game.
,Recommended,259570,15285210,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MasterRatch,This game is beautiful to look at for starters and the gameplay is really fun and enjoyable. Yes it has more things it still needs but its in pre-alpha and the dev team has already made a huge list of amazing things to come. The most anticipated is multiplayer and the class system. If you want to know more then click thisLINKand find out if you agree with me or not.
,Recommended,259570,14766138,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ShadowDragon,Its a good game but the scatterbugs are way too fast now so my turrets dont even fire at them
76561198135066935,Recommended,259570,15055513,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,StillOnTheRun44,6hours of playing and it only took the first 5seconds to really enjoy this game!Well worth the money to follow the development of something truly wonderful!
,Recommended,259570,30771374,Posted: 27 March,all,[TWS] SilverWolf,This game is truely amazing everytime i see the updates it blows my mind away it truely the base game i've played
76561198079740971,Recommended,259570,15471283,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Das Beavs,"After my first 4 hours of playing Eden Star I come off slightly immpressed. Yes this game is still in its fledgling stages at 0.0.4 so it does lack content. But the core of the game is great. At its current build it lacks purpose as the only objective is to defend the base, there arn't many ""functional"" things you can build yet other that basic shapes, and when you do find the other Eden kits that have landed they dont snap together so building a congealed base is rather difficult but, they got it right, this game when you first turn it on gets it right. The ability to not have to depend on guns or mele for combat is novel and appealing. I really look forward to seeing what this game matures into.P.S. and grabing those little f'in ankle bitters ands slinging them into big♥♥♥♥♥rocks is fun as hell!!!!!!"
76561198128254061,Recommended,259570,17306479,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Shogun,"what ive played it looks beautiful, combat is fun, it adds so many different aspects and it works well togther"
76561198067390039,Recommended,259570,16035181,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,athos252,"Fun survival crafting game, seems pretty good even now in Early Access. Can't wait for multiplayer."
76561198183917806,Recommended,259570,17084200,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nevic,Love it
76561197970565697,Recommended,259570,14555114,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Predator,"Not really into the collect and build type games gave this one a shot cause it did actually look pretty interesting, great game. as it says early access so granted there is hopefully a lot more to come.As most people have said in the reviews with the resource gathering could be improved, the monster spawning is really annoying spawning in the middle of your base even with foundations down (kinda reminded me of starship troopers) is really frustrating considering there is no repair option and to rebuild an eden kit is way too costly considering the effort required in gather its required resources.probably wont be playing the game again until some more updates but definitely look forward to where this is going, I'm not a fan of multi-player games but see this as been very fun in co-op."
,Recommended,259570,19893484,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cakemoth,"Starts out gathering resources, Looses base. Figures out I have a way of finding my base, goes out to explore and almost dies. Forgets I have a way to find base, wanders and gets lost, returns to base - night one begins. One enemy... I think this game is to ez pez. Night two, Army of xenos comes and I get rekt.20/10 epic game, great building system so far and so much potentialIt's time for another update! - 6/29/2017Honestly, I don't have that much time in the game (In fact, I havent touched it much within this year). Though I can say, the progress that the Dev's are putting out on this game is phenomenal. There are progress updates, and teasers of what to come frequently. Including, the gameplay so far has gotten better.[SPOILER ALERT]The Map has been updated,there are preset bases to compete with (They do not have their own AI enemies that operate like the player) however, they have turrets, and they will fire back at you.The map itself is considerably larger, INCREDIBLY larger. Not only this, there are a multitude of new/different areas to make your base.Combat is overall, the same - gathering resources is no different either.All in all, the game is progressing greatly, gameplay still continues to be smooth, though with many things added on the map, ES is also starting to gain a bit of a story. Would still reccomend this game, as the developers seem to be active to both the community, and to the games development.- - - - -Updated Review 2/28/2016Now-  serious part of the review. (MANY MANY run on sentences)Seeing as, I don't have so many hours in this game - That doesn't make someone bad whatsoever. Eden-Star is that type of game where you arent judged by how good you are in hours put into the game, The game is relativley very easy to pick up, where the hours would only mean how large someones base could possibly be. In four hours, I have achieved most things (Some things i dont like to unlock) - this is not including weapons. This game is very free-to-do on your own basis, as in it has no meta.I'll break it down with some points on how free you are from many things.Combat System -With the combat system, in most games that involve survival, you'd have to use a ""main"" tier of weapon, primarily relying on a gun, or some sort of other system. In Eden-Star, you can obtain the Energy Blade relativley early (Basically a superbuffed version of a wrist baton) ; with the addon of automatic aim for melee, you have the capability of charging air enemies, and in basic, warp jumping and smashing them out of the sky (It's not a one hit kill most of the time). Including, you cant just sweep and expect to kill everything, the melee system is Voxel-Physics based, If i were to hit something they could possibly tumble and slightly damage other enemies around them, the blade slicing from the main enemy into the next one besides it. Not only this, due to the physics/voxel way of the game, you have the capability of shoving things down hills or off cliffs.(A quick note) RMD Modules -Laser hand! Be Iron-man!Use the force to litteraly smash explosive cysts onto your enemies, or smash them into walls, other enemies, throw them in the sky, etc! (Some enemies explode on death, though they have a start up timer to that, you can throw corpses away or into other enemies!)Gauss cannon! Because whatevers in your face is going to die.With guns, The different types of weapons you have in Eden-Star have the capability of using any of them as a main weapon, as they are all realistically powerful; though are able to be played for people with different playstyles, riflemen, bullet spazzing-smg players, or snipers.Building -Since the world is voxel based, If you play Space Engineers you can get a feel for how it all works. Though with that, you can mesh things together (Like in Medieval Engineers) ; If you play Ark Survival Evolved, you may also get this concept. If you place one foundation, you can place walls on all four sides, then on the outer part of those walls, and below into the floor covering the foundation itself (Sometimes you cant, as it runs into voxels which balances it; though for the most part you have very free basis to add even more armor to foundations with this feature). In short, if that confused you, One foundation can hold 12 walls (Which is very cheap) - leaving bases able to be very cheap to create. The game also has a bit of 'structural integrity', platforms only go so far without having a support beam under them (Which can be covered with eight walls on one platform) - as real physics dictates, if that beam breaks, you can be sure whatever ontop of it will go down with it - sadly you wont get the resources from whatever broke. Turrets are automated and for the stages of this game, GREATLY work. They cover a bit of angles, and don't fire directly into your base, or try to fire if somethings inside, breaking your own stuff. Not only this, Since the game is voxel based, you could have turrets wherever you want, they are not limited to platforms, or foundations. You can have half walls out on the fields as well, not limiting it to just platforms/foundations.- The only thing with building is that it can only get a certain extent from your EDEN-Kit (3x3 Square Core you need to protect, loosing this does not end the game) ; This ONLY applies to what i know, solid big mass buildings, you can freely place other foundations/EDEN Kits and whatnot inside/around your EDEN-Kit's bubble (Expandable). Not only this - Buildings, are VERY. VERY. Tough. (Since i use Ironite, very common)"
,Recommended,259570,22169874,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,FUBARCally,Although I love this game and me and a group of my friends love to play it. when we play on a PVE we dont expect players who have no house nor do they have anything else but when they spawn in from normal spawns then has guns and stuff. not only that but he seems to have admin like powers in which I do have a recording of. As much as id say to people to play the game on multi player its just not worth the grief when you play a pve server and constantly getting a guy shooting at your building who has everything apart from anything. If devs or actual admins wanna check this guy out hes called lifelike and then when he got told we were recording him then some new guys appeared witht he name arcade doing exactly the same thing coincidence much? but apart from the greifers in the game the asthtetics and the actual game play is great. Will be good when more upgrade get put in and also new gear. good game so far!
,Recommended,259570,17141339,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,flaming heart,10/10 will support this game!people must buy it!
,Recommended,259570,14860982,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,FoxiPete,This is what starforge was meant topros-Proper Psysicsgood combatSave SystemCons-Can't repair eden kitNot a varity of bad guysI would recommend this game to all my friends
76561198043002500,Recommended,259570,17040123,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,gamebiffa,"Great game as it is and after having played it as long as I have I still feel like playing it a bit more, maybe make my bases more efficient or build something more impressive, I love the quiet beauty of it and the mystery of not knowing what else is out there and what other challenges my one man empire will face.Check out my library and hours, I don't often make mistakes with the games I buy and as it stands this game is already worth the money I've spent."
76561198032105092,Recommended,259570,28725196,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gapaw,"For the fews hours i played. This game is a gem in the making.. I went into this game blind, meaning i read no manuel...I died  7 times with in those times, i learn to toss/throw creatures into walls,water,off of cliffs,into trees,rocks,buildings etc,etc..Dam that chit is fun. Whats nice is how you kill the creatures in this game. Either with your hand tools/Guns..Why cut trees with saw/axe?When you have the power in your hands!Same with rocks, metal or anything that this game allows you to break down..I have not yet tried Multiplayer, should be cool to see your friend or enemy fly(PVP)...lol So far the game has its lttle EA Flaws. The first is your loading time.I hope they fixed it in the up coming patch. Also you need a good graphic card, my fans are running like crazy when i run this game and i have AMD R-9 380. Hope they can tune things up on this game. Other than what i played. That is all i found for now.. The game is good it is in EA and it is a Gem in the making.."
,Recommended,259570,33334913,Posted: 6 July,all,Tachyon,"Game is visually stunning, runs smoothly, a very cool survival crafting game."
76561197988083379,Recommended,259570,19891658,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Azirahael,"I like it.Pros:Pretty, smooth, terrifying (at night), guns, scifi tools, building system is good.Cons:Not much to do, not much explanation for things, no idea what the goals are.Looking on th eTrello board, most of these things are slated to be fixed.My suggestion, put it on your wishlist, and buy it when it's cheap.Check in after updates :)Standard (good) early access.Edit: things are starting to pick up speed, content-wise. more new things, and less wait to get them.Good game. Get it."
,Recommended,259570,29028483,Posted: 5 January,all,✡SATANA✡,"Earlier this game loaded very fast, but now she loading very very long.. More ten minutes. Game very good, but this not matter because i can't play in this gaming. When i load my saveing, i died, because i  fell under the texture. Then i loading 15 minutes.. and all over again."
78384154295596464,Recommended,259570,18216139,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,D∃ltɑ,"The game is fantastic, badass, and is constantly being updated. Developers are super friendly towards the general community, and the game has lots of replay value.  It's also a cheap $22 CAD, so thats pretty cheap for what you're getting."
,Recommended,259570,30772080,Posted: 27 March,all,Tampa Powers,"I have not played much yet, because I mostly went sandbox mode so I wouldn't get myself killed instantly. Some reviews here complain about the intro, but if you read the discussion forum you learn to switch to the experimental branch and to disable enemy spawn completely. Heck you can even turn damage off entirely, have not seen this many options in terms of AI in a game, means you can suit it exactly to your playstyle. Not to mention being able to change that on the fly while ingame.The game is very pretty and at that still runs quite well. My system of 5 years with an i7 990X and SLI GTX 780 cards had no issues running it at 60fps. So any new i5 and 900 to 1000 series cards will run it just fine.In terms of mechanics the whole pickup/mining takes a bit getting used to, but it is a nice change to pounding rocks with a pickaxe. I can only hope for future updates making resource gathering even easier and maybe automated too. Vehicles would probably also make a nice addition here, trying to get around the large game world can take some time, which is not a negative if you think about it.The base-building system, similar to the mining, takes a bit getting used to get things right where you want them, but it works and once you complete a large base I am sure it will look pretty cool.The fact multiplayer is already built in and continues to be improved is good to see, most games tend to neglect that part. I have not been able to test that yet, because it lacks a linux server version and somebody to play with :)Overall I can recommend this game, I played another space survival game the other day and had to refund that, cringed too hard at the mechanics, this was a refreshingly well made Early Access title and I can definitely see this beating some recently released AAA titles. For the price it already provided a nicer experience than what I have recently played in terms of space survival."
76561198144084876,Recommended,259570,14703505,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MortalAries,"this game is fun challenging and easy to understand, while i hunger for more updates with new defenses weapons, and structures. What is in the game is enough to entertain a survivalist for hours"
,Recommended,259570,21466707,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,GamerQuest,"This game has great mechanics, great graphics, and stellar game play. This is shaping up to be a fantastic game."
76561198193628374,Recommended,259570,34073663,Posted: 6 August,all,The Mad King,"update; base building is pretty fun.totally don't recomment this game if your plan is to play with friends. I was  gonna have my friend buy iit, because we always enjoy playing this type of games together, but since ive bought it, ive been able to join one multiplayer server, every other time, it freezes in the server list."
,Recommended,259570,26054649,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nightmare,Be meCrash land on planetFinds splintermitesThinks they're adorableBuilds containment areaThrows endless amounts of splintermites into itDidn't realize they can burrowThey killed me10/10 would love the splinters in my heart again
76561198289613833,Recommended,259570,26100433,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,xxVfighterxx,the game is fun but my pc cant handle it but its still a fun game and u should try it
76561198073453695,Recommended,259570,33018870,Posted: 29 June,all,fluffy serbian,It is probably one of the best games I have ever played but when you build you`r base you have to much space for things and not enough materials to fill that space but it is still really fun and I do like it a lot. Also i like the fact that you can changes the settings to how you like them so you can have enemies attack all the time or never which is really cool. I bought this game in beta (maybe not dunno) and I looked at all the trailers and clips and it looked awsome so i bought and it was hard but still really fun so when people critisize it I get annoyed because it`s just really really good but also hard so you can`t get everything instantly which gives the game a nice balance of hard and easy which is always good in game`s.
76561198145640577,Recommended,259570,21015556,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Riptide807,Yes i know i havent played this game long but even though this game is so much fun theres so mch to do in the game and i love the how everything breaks into tiny peices this is one of the best games ive played and its in alpha which is the craziest part about it
,Recommended,259570,28489502,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ambassador of Darkness,good game like it
,Recommended,259570,18337661,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Loki_Magikill,1.10pm - Bought and Start Download2.10pm - Finished Download and Start Game2.20pm - Already writing this review to ask everyone to support the developersMass Effect + Minecraft = Eden StarWell done. I give this a 11/10.
,Recommended,259570,32645034,Posted: 22 June,all,Raider[X],"The graphics alone make this game stand out. In my opinion, one of the most underrated games on Steam."
76561198004509072,Recommended,259570,22041302,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Oncill,"Hello everyone,This being my first SERIOUS review, the other one being entirely about goats,i'm just going to make a pros and cons list.-Pros-1. MIND SHATTERING graphics, the developers really did a good job on them.2. Smashing splintermites into rocks is fun ;)3. I really like that you start out with a melee weapon, in other games such as: subnautica, minecraft, etc you don't start out with a weapon, that makes it a lot harder to survive the first night.4. I like the challenge it gives you when a nest spawns next to your house, a splinter destroys a part of your home, etc.5. VERY good devs, they are constantly working on games, have never abandoned a game (To my knowledge), and reply to any forum posts they can find that are asking for help.6. A very low violence FPS, well, it's violent i mean it's an FPS, but barely any blood, gore, and things like that.7. Multiplayer!!!-Cons-1. It takes a LOT of hard drive space, 10 GIGABYTES! (that's a lot, and this is CURRENT development. (march 2016))2. Parents may not approve of the guns, but i guess thats just me, my parents dont like guns '_'3. I STILL CANT SET UP A DEDICATED SERVER!!!4. I cant think of any more cons. (Yes that is a con)5. I wrote a review about goats. (No that is not a con)I like goats.Yep, i have nothing else.And thus was the end of Kingscorpion20.         RIP KINGSCORPION20 DIED OF NO MORE CONS.P.S. this game too perfect for me.P.P.S. I grammar."
,Recommended,259570,26699809,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BillyR,This is a great game. Feels very complete but it is still in Pre-Alpha!! Excellent development team. This game has a very detailed open world.
,Recommended,259570,29154048,Posted: 9 January,all,DatSh3d3vil,I'm really enjoying this game. Loads of fun!  Currently doing a multiplayer let's play for this game.  Check it out the game guys!  I personally feel it is worth $20.
,Recommended,259570,33080638,Posted: 1 July,all,brocbar,"This is an on going evaluation read the full thread------------------------------------------------------------------------INITIAL REVIEW------------------------------------------------------------------------Right Now : Unplayable ...It's PRE-ALPHA though so i will come back in a couple of months to see what's going onThat said ... I have a bad feeling about thisI will recomend because it is too early in the process and the idea deserves a chance, but looking at the coments from the developers and the state of the development i have the impresion this game may be too much of a challenge for the team------------------------------------------------------------------------1ST UPDATE------------------------------------------------------------------------Almost 2 months later still unplayable.I can not even pass the game intro menu ... Maybe it is because i have an AMD card, or because i have two monitors or something else, but taking into consideration that this is an Unreal Engine based game -> Poor performance so far guys.Looking forward for the Alpha release------------------------------------------------------------------------2ND UPDATE------------------------------------------------------------------------Finally found the reason why it was unplayable: It works only in FULL SCREEN mode :(Now i was finally able to run a test and that was much better then expected.Fluid GameplayBuilding works well and the mechanics are goodLooks promising"
76561198007812404,Not Recommended,259570,33867853,Posted: 28 July,all,Aquarius,"As it stands this game is a good base...but I feel it has yet to fully develop into a 'game'.  The graphics and world are really nice and good to look at, however the UI feels a bit clunky and often the singleplayer directions are  lost on the HUD. There is a lot of promise here, and it is something worth supporting, but personally I need more Gameplay elements to it."
,Not Recommended,259570,32289877,Posted: 9 June,all,Narkulus,"I ultimately refunded. Tutorial was brutal, I just got killed over and over, that's no fun. Finally got away from the dropship without being killed and was then chased by aliens that I just could not kill or even avoid. I ran, tried to hide, tried going under water, but there was no shaking them. Dead again. I prefer games that ramp up the difficulty as you learn, so this was just frustrating and not fun."
,Recommended,259570,15527623,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gopiggy,"the game is very fun, but very limited, really hoping there can be living things, like beds, food, normal house stuff, i like the concept though"
,Recommended,259570,22124390,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Reavey,"The concept of the game is good, but older hardware may struggle a little. It's not very forgiving early on due to the lifeforms on the planet take offense to your presence pretty damn quickly.That being said, there was an issue when trying to get a refund which has since been rectified thanks to the devs.Btw, Najeeb likes to suck my toes."
,Recommended,259570,14911229,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,javicshz,"great game so far, only issue im having is using an xbox controller, other than that im looking forward towards more updates"
,Recommended,259570,14921960,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Bristo G2,Good game but lacks content. I still only early days. the game has great potential
,Recommended,259570,15832434,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,FEARMYLA2ERFACE,best survival game i have ever played
,Recommended,259570,16178848,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Wiggler,Whelp....I like it
76561198123009957,Recommended,259570,16937560,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Charged Games,"Fun to play and is also very time consuming in Gathering Supplies like irontide etc, Wish this was mulitplayer it would be alot mor funner but time will tell. I Onlt recommend this game to experience surivival Players."
,Recommended,259570,18112193,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,FrankenPC,"The engine is nicely done.  Periodic complete halts in movement for a few seconds here and there.  RIght now, it would be nice to see more game balance.  It's insanely hard to jump in and get what you need to fight off the insect hoards.  Going after a hive is suicide but you need those mineral resources.  It just needs a better ramp up.  Something with a little finesse.  Also, using the, I don't know what you call it...the builder I guess... to grab the bad guys and throw them around, it seems to have very little effect.  I can literally throw them THROUGH a tree trunk DESTROYING the tree and they are only injured.  Einstein is displeased with that physics emulation.Anyway, it's Alpha and It does look really interesting.  I'll come back in a year to see how things have shaped up."
76561198147304817,Recommended,259570,22738575,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BoosterNRG,Nice idea.  6/10 it passed
76561198207772272,Recommended,259570,24865994,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Crack Pot Conspiracy,BEST GAME EVER but play it on a big screen with the controller
76561198078125592,Recommended,259570,28316823,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Fullmetalelf,No lie this is a good game but i wouldnt recommend it with a stock cpu fan(that my problem atm cpu get hot to quick with stock) so i give this a 4/5 rate although is be nice they put in a story line or some sort probably make the game more fun if at that :)
12498412891429012,Recommended,259570,28470075,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,GATBOY | gamekit.com.,"I'd recommend this game to someone who has time to play this game its in alpha but has huge potential, considering how their is no real story yet you can clearly see a story forming from the second video to the way our character is dress as if he is not from this planet he fights at night builds what looks like a space station type building. i love how far this game has come I've own it for little under a year i may not have many hours but i plan on have a bunch more.I would like to see a way to travel and for more crafting at the moment i feel all i do is build a base make great strong and amazing guns then defenses but really what after you get everything i guess you could go raiding id really like something more i cant really put my finger on what it could use."
,Recommended,259570,14737514,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hoxon,"I think the developers are off to a great start. There are tons of things missing but the concept is fun. Well it is your normal tower defence game but in a fresh open world build and create theme. I did a couple of rounds and might do some more but the game is worth supporting,"
,Recommended,259570,14872395,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Acid FP,"The game is waaay too laggy, I have a good pc for gaming, and dont have lag problem, untill this game. The graphics suck the tutorial is confusing. I hope this game gets better, because it seems awsome. I would recomend this game in the future, but not right now."
76561198119600393,Recommended,259570,16625499,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Salted Salt,This game is one of the best games I have ever played In my life 1000/10
,Recommended,259570,21914605,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MACMAN2003,Very good i just wish it had a single player colony system
76561198163557841,Recommended,259570,21935683,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dragonking20045,it needs work but it is amazing
76561197960518837,Recommended,259570,28663025,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Splitlip,"Keeps getting better.  Most feature complete,interesting, stable scifi surivial-em-up so far.  With shotguns."
,Recommended,259570,29032605,Posted: 5 January,all,capitaine_castle,"Revue faite uniquement sur une partie SOLO.Eden Star est un jeu SUPERBE, avec un système de minage original, qui peut aussi servir à fracasser tout ce qui bouge.Le Craft est aussi très bien fait. Tous les paramètres de la partie sont réglables, du plus facile à l'extrême et la carte est quand même assez grande et bien remplie. Il y a même des bases déjà construites qu'on pourra cannibaliser ou carrément conquérir.MALHEUREUSEMENT ça ne cache pas un gros défaut : le manque de contenu.Pas de grenades, très peu d'armes, malgré un système de construction très prometteur.On fait vite le tour des aliens. On regrette la disparition du compagnon dès le début. Et l'absence d'IA hostile. Ou de BOT.Il n'y a pas de véhicule, ni même de tourelle manuelle.Pas non plus d'histoire, alors qu'il y a tout le potentiel. Bref une fois que la base est faite, il s'agit juste d'attendre la nuit pour buter de l'alien.Reste à tester le multi.Alors pour une pré alpha c'est quand même génial, mais elle dure depuis longtemps.... très longtemps."
76561198073090577,Recommended,259570,30878455,Posted: 1 April,all,Homodraconequus,"This game is pretty amazing. Looks great, feels great. My main qualms with it are the UI feels a bit clunky, but not to any sincerely obstructive degree."
76561198033243944,Recommended,259570,33010749,Posted: 29 June,all,GRid,"Ok after a few hours,  Curretly cannot kill the hives.  I dumped 1k rounds into it with zero effect."
76561198078773953,Recommended,259570,33717929,Posted: 22 July,all,hotspur59,"IMO this is the best game in the currently popular genre of alien planet/sci fi, open world/sandbox, crafting and combat games. We are told more of a storyline will follow.The UI is intuitive and easy to use, the graphics are top notch, the game even in early development is balanced and plays pretty well, the planet is cool, there is many and varied flora and fauna, some cuddly some not so! You have access to underwater gathering, and dangers too. You can craft and construct many and varied things, but rightly some items are hard to find and dangerous to access.For me what makes it top notch is the way they've handled the daily grind - no axe, hatchet or worktool here, but instead a unique device set in your RH glove that draws materials in via a ""laser type"" beam. The big bonus of this device is you can also pick up any living creature within the beam by holding down your mouse button, and hurl it to oblivion, if you don't have time, or want to switch to your kinectic shotgun to save the precious ammo. Currenty my distance record is clear across a lake!The start is suitably challenging and you'll likely die a few times before you get your base defences up and running. I did.There is an annoying but realistic liklihood that whilst your taking a rest and quenching your thirst via the inventory, some or deep in resource gathering, some alien beastie is likely biting into your ankle! You will lose health and suffer damage to your suit, also gain infections from such encounters.Unlike the now excellent No Man's Sky and Empyrion, there is currently only one planet to play about on in Eden Star, so the flora and fauna does get a bit repetitive over time. Hopefully the devs will expand on this in the future, because for me this one currently plays the best. Would be nice say if the planet had a darker and hareder side for example.On the whole highly recomended even in early access. The  devs are very responsive and enthusiastic too."
,Recommended,259570,28148849,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,iudiu,Really liking where this game is going!  Can't wait to see the end result!
76561198062991119,Recommended,259570,34239166,Posted: 14 August,all,mr_teentitan,"I know I dont have much play time on this game, but from what I have played so far, I did enjoy the game and thats why I recommend it. The graphics are great and I didn't have any problems with the gameplay itself. You can read up on the pro's and con's of the game from the other reviewers. What I will say about the game is this, if you like this style of gameplay, and I do, find some friends to play this with. Or if you like single player, thats all fine and good too. There are LITTLE to NO people playing this game on the multiplayer servers. I have logged in several times throughout the past week and have found at the most 2 people on one server."
,Recommended,259570,35237825,Posted: 27 September,all,The King of Non-Prescriptions,">Early in development, shows promise.>Pre-menu stuff kinda suggest the developers intend on doing two other games, IMHO"
76561198069801102,Recommended,259570,21393300,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The only row,"For how early the game is in development it's quite amazing, but it has a lot of issues in my opinion right now such as the enemies. However the game works and it has good graphics."
,Recommended,259570,33619032,Posted: 17 July,all,BeastlyD1113,The best game i have ever played! I absoluetly Love it! It makes my nipples hard. It makes me feel like a new man. Ive never experienced this before!
,Recommended,259570,14612863,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Admiral aspergers,Great game even tho it isn't even in alpha yet :D
76561197979420243,Recommended,259570,22647975,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,我也爱,GG
,Not Recommended,259570,15013235,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Anubis2255,"It seems like im spending all day mining for materials to build turrets and ammo and then im spending all night losing them. the turrets focus on the little creep things until they have dissapeared which is like 10 seconds after they die so more creeps just walk past the turrets. There needs to be a way to actually defend your base. By the 3rd night there are too many creeps to actually defend against. if they get too close they just blow up and then you've lost everything you just spent 3 days building and mining for. I had a raised box set upwith 8 turrets. Should be easy to defend, in fact it should defend itself, the creeps would walk up and stand just outside the turret range and then burrow right up next to the turrets and blow up, lost it all in one night. Please fix the turrets or nerf the creeps. i would not recommend until the game is actually playable. Also it would be nice if you could repair your structures, if you put turrets on a cube and then the cube is gone then you lose ALL turrets on that cube. Once the game is playable past night 4 or 5 i would highly recommend."
76561197987202309,Not Recommended,259570,17039003,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Unicron9,"Not worth the $20 I paid for the existing content.For $5, sure, its not a bad early access, but as it is there isnt near enough for me to feel like I didnt just waste my money.Maybe over the next year it will earn its price tag.What they have so far is in some ways solid. The graphics are decent enough and the effects look nice. Combat feels right. Traversing the landscape is fast and fun without the worries of many survival games such as eating, stamina, or realistic fall damage.The first thing I noticed that felt incomplete was a general lack of sound. No music, very little movement sound effects, and this crazy glowing thing on your hand that rips trees down and pulls boulders apart makes almost no sound at all. You only only hear the actual target getting shredded.Speaking of the harvesting/collecting, at its core it is fun. You can take out the bottom of a tree and watch it fall in various ways with nice physics and such.I know this is early access, so missing sounds and the only 2 extremely generic enemies I saw is understandable, but once you get the hang of the build system (took me about 20 minutes) you are just gathering, building a base with very limited options, watching/helping your turrets kill the 2 bad guy types, then rinse and repeat. The difficulty ramps up each night as you improve your base. You can save and try different approaces to getting through a night, and you can respawn if you have a certain ore on your base gained by destroying enemy nests. Die without any ore, game over, reload last save.I got base built up and had about all the fun there was to have in about 3 hours, and I can't say that fun was real exciting or special.This is another early access where I would wait and see whet the devs have in store for it instead of paying too much for a general draft of the game's basics. I do see potential though."
76561198052540435,Recommended,259570,17198399,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,fullcircle052,You get to throw robot crabs against trees with a magic glove. 12/10
,Recommended,259570,26903624,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dajonaga,This game just gets better every day. Make sure to opt-in into the development/experimental branch!
,Recommended,259570,14942947,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,This has potential
76561198009727435,Recommended,259570,27889368,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KardoesNL,Great game and awsome gameplay. Like the base building and survival so much i mostly forget how long im playing it.
76561198262672017,Recommended,259570,29080673,Posted: 6 January,all,Mast3r,I really enjoy this game but sometimes it`s a bit laggy and I am trying to find why
76561198009218405,Recommended,259570,14553944,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Laserguide,Forget minecraft this is the game to play!!!
76561198059840395,Recommended,259570,22049570,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Xblaster,ok :)
,Not Recommended,259570,20011923,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,{BCA} Captain Shlong,Game has alot of potential however lack of players is hindering it as well as there is supposed to be PvP but there isnt. If you are looking to mess about on your own go for it as for mulitplayer save your time
76561198007909003,Recommended,259570,15473455,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Brick57,
76561198073233895,Recommended,259570,14817689,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Vuxlum,"10/10 Would rate again! This game is so amazing. The dev's (Flix Interactive) are updating this game frequently, it is well worth the $20.00 that I paid for. I can't say all the things on how good this game really is! There is so much to do, secrets in the game, building, creating a eden base, and even killing hostile monsters that are trying to destroy your base! I'm happy to support this game to the fullest I never had so much fun in a game as much as I did now. The game is a mix between Dead Space, and Minecraft. It is just amazing. If you have a extra $20.00 laying around I would buy this trust me! And the graphics are splended. :)If you are not sure about this game watch some Youtube video's of let's play!"
76561198066230562,Recommended,259570,18056962,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Jocodotmer,Guardian Spore is cool i like the gameplay so cool
,Recommended,259570,18195797,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,General Tso's Chicken,"This game is actually really cool. The DEVs are really communicating with the community. It is rather amazing how they talk to them and share ideas and even implement ideas the users throw their way. The game itself for being an early Access game actually looks amazing and plays amazing. I recommend this game to anyone who likes games similar to, Rust, Mine Craft, Ark. Survival building games. It is a great game!"
76561198202672107,Not Recommended,259570,20760743,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,DigiDink,Lots of potential but this filthy piece of trash has been in early access for like 69 years. They should just release eventually. I can't believe dis filth.
,Not Recommended,259570,15810068,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lemunde,"I would have rather selected ""maybe"" as an option as to whether or not I would recommend this game. I've only played it for a few minutes but my first impressions leave me a little dissatisfied with some of the design choices. My main gripe is with the performance, which is very poor at high resolutions even with other settings set to low. The performance increases significantly with lower resolutions which I find odd for a modern game. Even when you do run at a high resolution it feels like it's in a lower resolution, like when you're watching a low resolution video and scale it up to full.The graphics are pretty good but it feels like your graphics card isn't getting what it's paying for. In truth, the game really feels like what it's supposed to be at this stage; early alpha. A lot of optimization needs to be added to make it playable on low to mid-range machines.I'm sure I'll enjoy it once a few more months worth of patches make their way in but it's going to be sitting untouched in my library for a while. I just hope it doesn't go the way of so many other early access games and have a bandaid slapped on it for a full release. But I've been watching it for a few months and there's been regular updates so I'm optimistic. At this stage I'm not recommending Eden Star unless you just want to help support the developers while they work on it which is fine."
,Recommended,259570,29164588,Posted: 10 January,all,Squigibo,"Even as early access - This kicks the living crap out of ""No Man's Sky"".  which isn't saying much, but this is much better."
76561198033755040,Recommended,259570,19978804,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cik,"7/10 for this EA Survival game [multiplayer, coop & single-player].Against the back-drop of several half-baked Early Access Survival games that aren't worth the asking price (except Dont Starve, Ark and Wurm Unlimited), this game certainly has a very unique and fresh spin on the genre, and it is very very actively supported by the devs, while it runs very smoothly.So, It feels to me like an open-world sci-fi survival game with a uniqe environmental tower-defence element to it.  Like Don't Starve, you take advantage of the day cycle to mine, scrounge, explore for resources, and build and adventure.  While at night, you defend your expanding base in a hostile environment that is also toxic at night, being a key component to the survival element.There is quite a ways to go with the content (redundancy of game-play and lack of wiki-game play development) , but having passed on other survival games, I have read, watched and feel this one is something special; at least can be more-so as necessary content is added.Again, my biggest con, which is understandable is content needs to be pushed into the game so it has more to offer than just repetitive building and base improving, such as more to explore, travel and value in defeating mobs.  For example, I just logged because of lack of wiki content while looking for material information that provides info on game-play content & mechanics was just irritating me too much."
76561198110579228,Not Recommended,259570,17731134,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,HydraShrine,"I was exicted for this game for a long time, but when I finally got it... It was a dissappointment. It is definitely not worth 20 dollars, or even 15. It just doesn't have enough content for it to play out for over an hour, and not get boring. I know it's Pre-Alpha, so eventaully it will be more playable... but not right now. I recommend waiting until there's a major update, adding a ton more content, but until then i just can't recommend it."
76561198175539207,Recommended,259570,34089526,Posted: 7 August,all,JackerballZ,"even though its pre alpha, its a very good game and easily my favorite game on steam"
76561198004160592,Not Recommended,259570,17564570,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Vertutame,"Eden star is kind of survival game.You start with nothing and start garthering everything,creating base,weapon and modules. It's fun to play at first but the fun is fast to deplete because there's so few things to do in this game so you would get bored really fast. The game has potential but it lack of contents at the time so I recomment you to wait for this game for some time. BTW,you can climb wall and wall running but there's so few wall to do that unless you make it your own."
76561197990706416,Not Recommended,259570,21539608,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TurtleStrong,"As far as survival goes.... there's nothing to survive. Once you realize how to make a few turrets, that's it. You've won. Go out at day, gather whatever the ♥♥♥♥ y ou want, then go home and just wait out the night."
,Recommended,259570,17978671,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,楽しい,Amazing game. Just add an option to adjust FOV then I will like it even more.
76561198096139497,Recommended,259570,17897560,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,racco the baco,Please keep developing! amazing gameplay so far but lacking in content like all early access. Definately buy early to support the devs!
76561198110736233,Recommended,259570,17920361,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,bugisuber,awesome
76561197970465924,Recommended,259570,28740250,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Core2029,From what I can tell it's a blend of first person shooter and tower defense with simplified resource gathering and crafting. I haven't gotten very far with it but it's entertaining. Definitely worth checking out.
,Recommended,259570,24308137,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Brango Beswizzle,dinkle♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,259570,14251878,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Staz,"A bare bones and flawed game on a solid concept and design foundation.I've only spent on hour in the game so far on the day of initial E.A. release.  The controls are great as are the graphics.  But, right now, it doesn't really feel like a game per se.  You have about 6 minutes of daylight to run around and zap trees and rocks, then about 6 minutes of night to zap bugs.  The bugs seem to just warp in under my feet as well.  The daytime doesn't seem to be long enough to really dig into any kind of building or exploring and nighttime is a tower defense mini game.Some suggestions to what's currently in game (not additional features):Harvesting trees makes visual sense.  I can see the tree fall and break into pieces.  And they take a comfortable amount of time to do so.  Harvesting rocks is a visual mess and takes far longer.  Perhaps tightening up the visual clues of what's left in a rock to harvest or something to clue me into the progress would be helpful.  Also, since I only have abou 6 solid minutes of daylight, spending 2 of them on a rock is extremely limiting.The bug alien critters seem to just pop out of nowhere.  I'm not sure if that's a bug (no pun intended) or that's how they work.  It was odd to be turning around looking for these things and they just pop in under my feet.  Perhaps if they originated from their little dens or mounds and skittered toward me.They day/night cycle time is very rushed.  Right now, I feel like the game can't decide if it wants to be a exploration/construction game or a tower defense.  It has aspects of both, but they are hampered.  And one major way is the short time windows.  Let me explore and harvest a little longer and actually have some time to build something and maybe have some kind of build up at night, the pacing and number of bugs attacking increases or comes in waves instead of the static two pop in at a time in exact intervals.Overall, I think the presentation of the game is solid.  The help pop ups are clear and understandable.  The graphics are nice and the art direction has its own identity.  I think there's more foundation in this game than many E.A. games in terms of setting, design, and concept.  It certainly has a long way to go, and I'm excited to follow it as it develops."
76561198023580992,Not Recommended,259570,24592600,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Wuvyou,"Compared to so many games... it certainly has potential but it is very shallow in the end, a few walls, a ceiling and flooring, a few turrets and a few buildings, map is small enough to walk around the whole thing in 10 minutes. IF it just had more content, its a decent game with a fun concept that i feel has yet to be fully realized by any game quite yet.This is one of those, is it really worth the money? .... It depends on how much you like these types of games, it was entertaining for an hour"
76561197974772642,Not Recommended,259570,32541546,Posted: 18 June,all,BBlade,"Great, but pointless gameplay.Developers just don't see where to evolve.Technically it's very nice, but all other is boring.Need good storyteller or Sci-Fi inspired guru."
,Not Recommended,259570,20161763,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,^2Grassgrow,"Ran the game, no tutorial as to what to do, no hints or guides, was a big demotivation for me. The crafting system seems unnessecarily clunky. The User Interface is also ugly as hell and I have experienced a major UI glitch upon going into the User equipment menu."
76561197968127224,Not Recommended,259570,17779022,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Topher,"Performs horribly on my decently geared PC. Tried trouble shooting and reading tweak recommendations on all of the forums and just can't get it to run higher than 10 frames a second making it pretty darn unplayable. It is in pre-release though and it shows a lot of promise. I love the concept and even the resource gathering\crafting system and mechanics of construction are very cool. It just needs a great deal of optimisation done. I suppose it could be an issue with the Unreal 4 Engine, but everything else using Unreal 4 engine runs beautifully on the same PC. I don't get it.I'll check back closer to release and hope things have been improved. As of now, I cannot recommend this game... mostly because I can barely play it."
,Recommended,259570,25138358,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,NEOgeek,it was a good game it looks very promising and I was quite excited about it I even enjoyed playing it's earlier more limited versions but for the past few months I haven't even been able to play because it is unable to lunch now I am considering getting my money back just for the fact that if I would have torrented the game I wouldn't have this problem but since I paid for it it's an issue makes no sense to me but that's how it is.
,Not Recommended,259570,20169271,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tionis,"This is one of thee most lagfilled games I've ever played.  If you want this game don't expect the multiplayer to work. I joined a server that reported 43ms  and rubberbands like crazy!  this game is in it's very infant stages, not even worth the price tag at the discount.  You've a $3 game at best right now."
,Not Recommended,259570,17117874,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,b0st0n,It is verry buggy and you sould not buy it yet untell they get there act together and patch the bugs that make you not want to play the game.----------------------------------UPDATE----------------------------------Complaints-I Just Cant Play it. Its not fun-Even on ulta settings with 60+ FPS it looks like a turd ( You Can Put A Turn In HD But its still a turd)-You cant leave your base at night or you die (BAD MOVE DEVS TAKE IT OUT)
,Recommended,259570,30697341,Posted: 23 March,all,Icewave,I died......... A lot11/10
76561198133622392,Recommended,259570,24623353,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,that one dude,ITS OK
76561198129960013,Recommended,259570,15365590,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MrNutter,its fun PLAY IT OR DIE
76561197961399286,Not Recommended,259570,23518988,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,||PFH||Ritticus,"GOOD DESIGN, GREAT CONCEPTtoo little for $20, I'd expect this much content from something in the $5 price rangetheres nothing to do after u learn how to make a baseenemies dont even attack you unless u let them see you at night"
76561197971284651,Not Recommended,259570,28960739,Posted: 2 January,all,Bad Jim Gripweed,"""Fast paced"" indeed. At this point it is of course an early access game, but it actually takes longer to reload a game than it does to die. I kind of need some compelling reason to want to hang on through the extra-extra-long loading times to make me want to play. And it's just not there yet.I like the concept but the execution is way, way too early in the development stage to justify actually releasing this. If you are curious suggest waiting until they are farther down the road. Otherwise, I hope you have some constructive things to do while your screen presents the word ""Loading"" to you."
,Not Recommended,259570,35159044,Posted: 23 September,all,Flatmush,"I can't give this game a positive review because it looks and plays terribly on my system, and it's purely down to stupid decisions by the developers rather than any cutting edge graphics.By default there's depth of field and other really poorly implemented post-processing that makes the game look ridiculously blurry.The game is also clearly not designed to run well on AMD graphics cards, I have an R9 290X and I get 50-70 frames on Low settings.I've played plenty of other unreal tournament engine games which can run at 144 fps most of the time, I'd really rather all the blurry shader crap be turned off so that the game can play at least something approximating smoothly.I'd also like sound options that work, currently there's just a ""Master Volume"" option, which doesn't work. The sound also doesn't work at all when the game starts until I view the menu for the first time.Early access or not, the game costs £15 and there's a certain level of polish that should be expected at this price range."
,Not Recommended,259570,24416048,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cap'N Squirrel,"Still Needs Work.Ballance is required, some AI glitches need some fixing, and the game needs more substance.It's still Early Access still, so im hopfull its on the way."
,Not Recommended,259570,21346537,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MitchDawg,"Great concept but not a very good game. I've had this game for a while and I see updates come out all the time but every time I go back on every 2 or 3 months NOTHING CHANGED and I still always have the same problem, it won't even let you exit out of the freaking build screen to walk around. Also the graphics are very bad and it lags all the time, not smooth movement at all but that may just be my computer i don't know.If this game becomes more polished with a better tutorial (because its very ""hey ur on a weird planet HAVE FUN"") and a little more to it then it can be a very good game.Lots of potential, just not seeing it yet."
,Not Recommended,259570,15858756,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nim,"At its current state it is very bare-bones, it needs more content, enemies, and things to do, but this is only pre-alpha, get it if you are willing to wait for new contentE1: In a few months, it will DEFINITELY be worth the buy if the devs do add what they plan to."
,Not Recommended,259570,17855510,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Shadow,"In its current state as of 9/2/15. It's in an Early Access state where it really isn't a game yet. It's just a collection of mechanics with no point or purpose.Pros:It's pretty.The UDK snapping meshes work well when building.No bugs/crashes while I was playing.Cons:No real purpose (Not even for a sandbox explore/craft/gather type game)Gathering materials consists of mindlesly 'shooting' rocks with your Miroku like Wind Tunnel making sure you suck up the shards that fly everywhere.Crafting menu looks pretty light stillTutorial missingMost of the standard EA gripes you should understand before buying an EA game.Yes, I know it's an EA game. This is an EA review of it in its current state. I'm not saying it wont evolve or add the currently missing features. The main reason I don't really want to give it more time is the mindless harvesting and lack of purpose. The game doesn't make me want to live in it like say, Ark, another EA game."
,Not Recommended,259570,20357402,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Alpha Llama,"i played this over the xmas period and whilst i think it is a incredibly well polished game that is lacking in bugs,  the game as it stands right now is not worth the pricetag being asked.The game world is quite small with only a small number of different enemies.To put it bluntly there currently isnt enough to do (at the moment)With patches and time i guess this game could become a lot better. But if a games developer is going to ask £14.99 for a open world game they had better be delivering the same sort of content that other open world games like ark survival evolved does because this is the same sort of price as ark survival evolved (when its on sale) also when comparing this title to rust , 7 days to die and hurtworld ALL those games have lots more content and filler gameplay wise for the same sort of price being asked or less.So as a customer you have to ask the question'sWill this game eventually deliver what it promises ?Will the devs provide constant updates and will the content roll out be fast or slow ?Will development continue ? or will this game fizzle out ?Only two official North American servers at the moment worldwide ? worrying or not ?If you want to roll the dice and chance it that the devs are going to eventually deliver with this game and play in a barren gameworld for a few hours with what is currently in game , which isnt a lot. Then pay your money. I myself would suggest fellow possible purchasers to delay pulling the trigger on this right now and either wait for a hell of a lot of new content / patches to see if this is heading in the right direction or wait for a lower sale price. I personally dont understand why people are being asked to pay premium price for a quarter of a game ? But then i am a old school gamer and i have been burnt to many times by EA to want to roll the dice when i spend my hard earnt cash.To conclude good game > but right now realise youre buying into a game / ideathat hopefully delivers what its promising.Look at the other reviewers gameplay played time. You dont have to take my word for it those figures should tell you all you need to know regarding how much content is currently available."
76561198034497356,Not Recommended,259570,21720579,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,catatonichigh,"It might be a balance issue; the enemies are bit too strong, or the weapons too weak.  Potential, but No Mans Sky is going to be the better option."
76561198202101525,Not Recommended,259570,17322396,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,aceofmaine21,you cant repair things so all your doing is running in circles to build as the enemy destroys it. And you have no time to explor the upgrades  because you spending all you gathering resources. no worth 20 bucks i wish i could get a refund.
,Not Recommended,259570,22073009,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Cognitive,"Things I like:- Building a custom base that needs to be defended at regular intervals.- Resources respawn, so you don't have to run all over the world.Things I don't like:- The game\world is exactly the same every time you start a new game.- No auto-save options.- Darkness at night happens like someone turns off a lightswitch.- It was hard to understand the building interface at start."
76561198059119273,Not Recommended,259570,24912712,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,icqnto,"Like most of the negative reviews, it is lacking in content, although they will make an update to try and fix that, i feel that you should wait until it is in alpha atleast. and they have to fix the resource cost/management, why do i have to find rocks placed in the enviroment, that gives different kind of minerals, but i cant combine them, if i want to build a turret which i definetly need to survive the night. i have to collect 40 units of one mineral... doesn't matter if i have 20 units of mineral A, 34 in B, and 10 in C. I can only make a turret comprised solemly out of one mineral, but not by combining mineral A, B and C. Which is not that clever, or at least make it so that you could build them of tree fibres.They need to better their tutorial, and please set the player in a context atleast. Didn't make it further than the first night, after i died two times and both of them was because of the ♥♥♥♥ing cost of the buildingmaterials, runnin' around for 20 min and trying to find rocks, found two, was  not nearly enough for A turret. I had 40 units if you combined them, but only about ten of each mineral."
,Not Recommended,259570,24221206,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ARSneaky,"Did I had fun for my 8 hrs yes, I kept me busy. Trying to survive every night, a thrill. But when you reach the point where it doesn't matter how many they send you, the game gets boring. So you try to spice things  up and try to go multiplayer for some PvP server or people to interact with. 2 server open 0 people in it. I've done everything in 8 hour on solo. Seen the whole game. Except its multiplayer which I would have liked to try but isin't present."
76561197996496490,Not Recommended,259570,33915016,Posted: 30 July,all,CoolsTheBurning,"Unfortunately this is a rather solid but generic build stuff and try to survive game. Set in the future this time! If these are your thing you may enjoy this, if not move on. I only tried it in hopes it would be somehow different."
,Not Recommended,259570,15467904,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Blue Wing Raven,I don't like how it takes forever to get the resources to build blocks. I was expecting more freedom to build. defending the base is difficult too. It needs more turrets or something else to defend your base.I also had a suprising amount of lag and I consider my computre to be fair at running games. I can play games that have 2x as much going on and have 30 fps but this game averages to about 10 fps. This really makes it hard to properly aim at enemies and just ruins the experience all together.
,Recommended,259570,26247020,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Omega Force,I dont really like it because people dont play it :/ i was alone on whole server list and there was nobody toplay with but i like this game so i vote as yes.
76561198088767929,Not Recommended,259570,21671780,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,jackryan529,"A crappy game... Even EA - Pre Alpha - Alpha - Whatever....... to make the game this hard by taking away the tools you need to survive is not fun .. I play games to have fun Not work and get aggravated by stupid game play decisions made by the devs.You no longer start with force or whatever it's called to help you survive even the 1st night. Your pistol has enough ammo to kill 1 little bug monster Yaaaayyy  !! BUT what good is that when you have Swarms Attacking you. None.If you are like me and watched Videos on youtube about this game to see if it were any good ? then you probably like I did -  thought -- This looks pretty good and it does look good , It's just not fun since they removed the tool you need to survive the 1st night guaranteed, unless you want to spend the whole time running around in the dark. yaaayyy.No thanks.... It's a shame the DEVS refuse to listen to what people say about the game being so hard and to please Tone down the aggressive monster attacks At-least until you had a little time to get yourself together.good riddance."
,Not Recommended,259570,23540280,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,My name is not important,"This game was one of the first games I saw using Unreal Engine 4. It was visually impressive and I couldn't wait to get my hands on it.""But it's an extremely early version"" I said to myself. ""I don't want to get burned again by unfinished games"" (e.g. Starforge)And here we are. A couple years later, and the game thinks it's a good idea to swarm me with (literally) hundreds of insects that drop a handful of explosive needles upon death DURING THE FIRST NIGHT.I don't know if there were any advances, if the game was abandoned, or if everyone who has been playing it decided that it wasn't HARDCORE enough, but the lack of a difficulty setting (except starting with or without a pistol with 24 rounds of ammo) and the resource starvation within that limited map makes me wonder what the hell were they thinking.This game is frustrating in its every aspect. Avoid."
76561198057546982,Not Recommended,259570,31797519,Posted: 16 May,all,Barney Gumble,iv been realy exited to play this game baught it back when it was first released with high hopes for it but as the months go by it still seems to be just as unstable if not more unstable then when it was first released every no and again il go back to it hopeing it has been fixed but each time im met with dissapointment such as today when i went to play it couldnt even get into singleplayer without it freezing and crashing multiplayer was no better with the inability to harvest anything after trying mulitple times of a few servers and relaucning the game in single player i hav given up i hope that i is able to eventualy get to the stage where it is playable but i dont see much hope at this point
,Recommended,259570,26418916,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Adam Christmas,Awsome game awsome dev team and there the best i highley recomnind geting this game
76561198008048014,Not Recommended,259570,15409924,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Zabon,"I honestly don't understand what so many people like about this game. It's the definition of boring. The environment is boring to look at, the graphics and texture work leave much to be desired, there is no music to keep me company, the ambiance is awful, resource gathering is monotonous and isn't made interesting or entertaining in any way (and that's what you're going to find yourself doing most of the time), You spend all day running around gathering resources in the most boring way imaginable, then spend those resources to make turrets only to have everything you built destroyed in the night by an impossible number of mobs. This isn't a game. I can't recommend this to anyone, it's far from being an enjoyable use of my time. That's half an hour I'll never get back."
76561198007130809,Not Recommended,259570,23162500,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,mezalon1,"Not recommend at this time, its boring as hell after first 2 days of play, Attacks just stop on my fortress, Which make the only this to do is mine and build, literly nothing attacks me at night, thought this was a survival game. where are the evere increasing waves of alien beast coming to get me, gone one week of gave time and not a single attack, boring. I even swithceh to hard mode for advanced players and beat it after secound night, still no buggers coming to get me.lol"
76561198298806900,Not Recommended,259570,34997459,Posted: 16 September,all,getluca,lack of content wayt another year
,Recommended,259570,14250689,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,AfterDeath,This game looks promising. Nice change of pace from the zombie survival games
,Recommended,259570,25848313,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,StarKiller1128,Hey guys what is up?
76561198109066569,Recommended,259570,31201729,Posted: 17 April,all,AimWarlock,This isAmazing!
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,259570,14918429,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Haapy,There's really nothing here yet. I kind of expect the game to at least be playable by the time it reaches Early Access.
76561198299586102,Not Recommended,259570,30324706,Posted: 4 March,all,killerandthecrok,the game is way to hard at the start. its so bad i am not sure if i want to play this game. this game is for the people that can kill alot of enemy on the first night. i could not believe how many.
76561198034036897,Not Recommended,259570,22970048,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,nacross,"I was able to play around a bit and it looks like it has potential but it has failed to launch on subsequent play attempts.  Instead showing me only a black screen and error message about video driver crash (my drivers are up to date).  Which is disappointing, hopefully it will get fixed!"
76561198045756095,Not Recommended,259570,14962099,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hofgar,"It's just bad. Tower defence like game, looks good but in it's curent stage it's bad, wait a couple months."
,Not Recommended,259570,18625347,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,NanoPirate,"installed the game and played 14 minutes, it looks great and all but i noticed too late that there is no multiplayer so ima refund and maybe buy again when there is MP :)"
,Not Recommended,259570,34313126,Posted: 17 August,all,Cochrane,"I've heard a lot of praise from a lot of people, including people I know in real life, so I am fairly confident there must be a good game in there. Somewhere. Behind the tutorial. Maybe.All I know is that I loaded this game five times, and I never managed to survive for more than three minutes. And if that were because I am horrible at it, then hey, fair enough. But when the game's framerate drops the moment enemies appear on screen, and you find you can't move or see around you, that's on the game. When I suddenly find myself clicking random stuff on my (thankfully very empty) desktop because the game didn't capture the mouse pointer properly in window mode, that's on the game. Once, while playing around with the settings, I managed to get into a mode where there was an offset between the mouse pointer and the on-screen UI, resulting in a situation where I could not start a new game or do much of anything.There's no one big thing that breaks this game for me, but hundreds of tiny things. Any one of these would be expected in an early access game. But here, they combine in a way that just makes it impossible to play it. Maybe (very probably) that has something to do with my hardware or desktop resolution or whatever, and won't appear for anyone else. And maybe I could have gotten this game to work with enough online research about configuration files and the like, doing the developer's work for them. Maybe I just didn't have enough patience; you can see I played only three quarters of an hour. But each and every one of those forty-five minutes was sheer frustration, with only the vaguest hope that maybe I'd see something interesting. And I don't need a game for that. That's what I watch Doctor Who for."
76561198075067446,Not Recommended,259570,15889282,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Zee,"I have modern hardware and satisfy the system requirements. Yet the game was running at a ridiculously low framerate, to the point of being unplayable. To annoy me even more, Steam doesn't offer refunds. I just wasted my money and am really angry."
76561198020589157,Not Recommended,259570,29706524,Posted: 4 February,all,Moon_Dragon,I wish I could give this game a recommendation but do to the horrible load times I'm afraid I can't. This has been an issue for some time with no fix in sight. Most people give up playing the game because they think the game has frozen up. Takes me about 5-7 minutes of waiting everytime it loads. No excuse for this being a problem for so long.
76561198028362231,Not Recommended,259570,26225775,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Klondike,"This game looks really cool in concept, but gameplay wise it was not functioning. I experienced game stuttering roughly every 30 seconds, where it would freeze for about 10, but maintained whatever input was already in it. Frequently I was falling off cliffs and dying, or getting ganged up on by enemies. I really wanted to play this game with my friends, but it just won't happen. For no I'm getting a refund, either until its more optimized or I upgrade a rig.Here's my rig:Intel i5 3.5 Ghz 4 cores16 GB DDR3 RamNVidia GTX 760 GPU"
76561198055435986,Not Recommended,259570,25115067,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,alxade,"I play the game around aug 22, 2016 for about a few day.  I acknowlege this game is still in early developement.  However my biggest issue is how the game resources are utalize.For example, I was using ironite for my turrets because of the abudance but ironite is also use to make bullets.  And every night i had to replace about 3 turrets which left me with no ironite.It also left me with a ton fiber and other materials i couldn't do any thing with because they were not use in defense purpose.I thought the bullet cost was tooo expensive and mining in general was too time consuming.  I couldn't do much of anything else.Maybe make repairing cheaper.As it is, I'm giving it a negative review because i can't give it a netural or hopeful review."
76561197967326907,Not Recommended,259570,23129868,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Anomynous,"No content. Looks good and promising, but really nothing more!"
76561198054700878,Not Recommended,259570,29196828,Posted: 11 January,all,John Fkn Rambo,"***  Dissclaimer ***  The opinion you are about to read is souly based upon the game in its current state. Being fair this is still ... Alpha i guess ... Steam should add a third vote button for neutral as opposed to yes or no recommendations.The short time i did spend playing about on the servers lead me to this conclussion:NPCs did not seem very challenging, as well as their behaviours were quite predictable. Crafting was quite easy as were the materials to obtain. Most servers were only 4 or 8 man i think. Joined a server with others online and did not see a single player on map or in chat.I may have been a bit harsh in judgement, however Steam does not give much time to mess around if you are thinking about a refund.>>> *** I may repurchase this game at a later date as i can see lots of potential here. The open world survival genre in gaming be it zombies, dinosaurs, aliens, or just out in the woods has always struck a chord with me. Unfortunately with the survival genre, many of the games flop in the end. DayZ, ARK, Rust etc ..I will be watching your patches and Dev blogs for new updates as such.Needs A LOT of work. not worth the $21 CAN in its current state unless you are willing to help them test with constant feedback."
76561198109892207,Not Recommended,259570,33260482,Posted: 4 July,all,Evil_Angel_365,it keeps sending me to the store tab on steam and wont let me play the game someone plz help and i own the game what do i do ive tried everything
,Not Recommended,259570,30288081,Posted: 2 March,all,ZenithEevee,"> Start up game> 20 minutes loading main screen> hit New Game> 20 more minutes> Finally get in game> Title Graphics are deceptive, but still quality rez.> Ghost-Wannabe bot revives me> Kill Spiderant things> Realize the game is secretly Bulletstorm but with a shotgun> Spend no time gathering resources> Finally go to the first ""Base""> 8% Health, Middle of day> Go to place ""Eden Kit""> Dont have quartz> 40 enemies spawn, Killing me instantly> Didnt have ""Revive station""> Start game again, revived by ghost bot> 10/10 would die again.But seriously, Atleast make you start with a medkit so you dont die right off the bat. Especially when you're not gonna introduce a proper tutorial."
76561198032895086,Not Recommended,259570,23661052,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,cdmabrey1,Really fast paced WATCH YouTube videos so you have a better idea of what your getting into as the How to play removes so much that its basically a different game once you start an actual game. If you don't know what your doing going in well......yeah even good luck might not save you.
,Not Recommended,259570,20501553,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,♥Agressively Passive♥,"this game sucks so much, it's just not even worth buying."
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,259570,34094261,Posted: 7 August,all,matt1184,"I don't like the controls and there are too many of them to change according to my liking; also, everything seems so clunky.  Do what I did and pick it up on sale, then wait for it to be decent.  I cannot recommend at full price."
,Not Recommended,259570,25028541,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Pმմl シ,This game does not allow you to host a game. Unless you join one server with buildings that other players have made.
76561198010010017,Not Recommended,259570,22898801,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,KingPinFisher,Pros:- Nice visuals- good fun while it lasted (about 4 hours or so)Cons:- Lack of content
76561197971161170,Not Recommended,259570,29107722,Posted: 7 January,all,Oblongbox,I keep getting kicked to the server page working good for a coupe of days now i can't even et in
,Not Recommended,259570,26638229,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,kaliber64,I played for 17 minutes and it crashed twice. I wasn't willing to waste anymore of my time past that. With what I experienced.ProsThe movement system was a nice breath of fresh air. It needs a little adjusting as it still feels a little clunky to me.Amazing graphics.ConsThe static Island you start on is small(they're working on a much larger map). A big downside for me is that the map isn't procedurally generated. It becomes a race to find the meta. The best place to build and find resources and defend a base. Reduceing dynamic interaction with the environment.The build UI was incredibly overwhelming with no description I could find of what things did. All I was able to do was place the Eden kit. I gathered what felt like an abundance of resources but yet everything was only 5% ironite and it appeared to be the thing I needed the most.ConclusionAt first it looked like the game I could waste my life on. A dream game. A lot of this can be resolved during the Early Access and it remains a potential pick for me in the future.They have a lot of neat things in development. I'm in shock that this game has been worked on since Jan of 2015 and got an award then.At its current state I would pay 10 bucks and struggle to play it no matter how it performed and not feel bad about what I spent but 20 bucks for crashing every 8 minutes. No thanks.My Specs.AMD FX 8350 3.5 GHzGTX 980TiWindows 1024GBs of DDR3 at 2133 MHz
76561198015612381,Not Recommended,259570,30319688,Posted: 4 March,all,CHILDISHFATBINO,"I have just suffered from  a game breaking bug, twice, it shot me off of a mountain at almost the speed of light and killed me, i am kindo of mad but pleaser fix this then i will edit the review"
76561197989813957,Not Recommended,259570,30673783,Posted: 22 March,all,bgrant,You start the game half dead having waves of enemies attack all the whikle trying to figure out the games mechanics work. For me this resulted in dying over and over and having to restart. I wouldnt recomend this POS to anyone. The devs should try working on accounting software because games are not thier thing. Has the distinction of being the single worst game Ive bought on steam and the only one Ive asked for a refund on.
76561198064677145,Not Recommended,259570,31646599,Posted: 9 May,all,Skarinou,"Complete rubbish, bought this game with fairly high hopes after watching a video of it and reading the description but it did not live up to either.first up. it takes a stupidly long time for the game even start, then once you finally get into the game and set it up you have to endure another long cut-scene (which you have to go through again if you die and no you cant skip it). once you finally get into the game you are thrown into night time without any kind of explanation of what to do other than ""go to the drop ship"" within a couple of minutes you are surrounded by aliens who are happy to kill you while you are still trying to figure out something as basic as how does this glove thing work. i'm sorry but if you are going to put in a tutorial phase then being attacked within the first couple minutes of gameplay should not happen. give people a chance to learn the game.i cant really say how the rest of the game played as after dying twice and having to go through that long cut scene twice i shut the game off and have no intention of coming back.   for the love of god please dont waste your money on this game, there are other options out there that actually help you learn to play their games.this game has a great idea but the execution of that idea is a disgrace. such a shame."
76561198163848499,Not Recommended,259570,23763498,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FlamingBubbleSyNDroMe,its very basic at the moment
,Not Recommended,259570,24866552,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,EmoJesus,I want to like this game but I cannot stand Games that are permadeath they are aids and should be obliterated. This is a very good game with the parasite of permadeath latched onto it.
,Not Recommended,259570,34235772,Posted: 14 August,all,KemalKhan,overrated reviews as usual.
,Not Recommended,259570,26467912,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Raphlight,There is nothing to do in this game.So not worth the 20€.
,Not Recommended,259570,31497590,Posted: 1 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,"Yes it could be better...Right now it isn't. So, come back later.OVERALL:5/10"
76561198127173957,Not Recommended,259570,14290264,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,shneedster,There is really not much to do at this point in time. Just go around collecting some minerals and rarely get attacked. Not much of a challenge. However this game is Early Access and has a great deal of potential. Flix Interactive is clearly working closely with the community to deliver a wonderful game in the not so distant future. As of right now I still do not recommend this game but keep a watchful eye on it as new updates are released.
,Not Recommended,259570,31245416,Posted: 19 April,all,Marto Polo,takes half a year for the game to load. Game development is going nowhere fast and hasnt got much to use right now.
,Not Recommended,259570,32301756,Posted: 9 June,all,FilipThecoder,"THIS IS NOT WORTH IT DO NOT BUY!! There is apsolutley NOTHING TO DO !WASTE OF MONEY! USE YOUR MONEY FOR GOOD GAMES LIKE SUBNAUTICA ,ARK , NO OXYGEN INCLUDED...THIS GAME IS S***!! WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,259570,29106589,Posted: 7 January,all,BlazingChroma,poor co-op i buy two copys just to play wiht my girlfriend and they wont me to open ports and Port Forwarding WTF im going to get my money back befor the 2 hour mark till yall fix this if yall fix it
,Not Recommended,259570,30855927,Posted: 31 March,all,Urban Decay,If you are looking for a game that has active multiplayer. DO NOT buy this game ALL servers are EMPTY.... No Man's Sky looks to be more fun and that game is total CRAP.         Do not waste your money.
,Not Recommended,259570,25173574,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dalian✞,Biggest ♥♥♥♥ing mistake of my life.The game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥save your money.
76561198305629457,Not Recommended,259570,28435385,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,13garnets,worst game evr it wont ever run correctly on my comp and its so laggy and i want a refund
,Not Recommended,259570,20177779,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,(_)_):::()()()():::D ~o,"This thumb down will turn up as soon as theres a server with less then over 9000 ping for me to play on (no joke but at the most 30-70 ping)...id even accept 100 ping.Need multiplayer (need) yes i think its needed. game is fine in other aspects currently but need Aussie multiplayer servers... cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥by your self.its a awesome game, I am just butthurt cause it was advertised as multiplayer but you have to be bill gates and steve jobs love child to make a server your self, then you cant play on it because of some fenga papitness.EDIT 8/03/2017  well seems they took down aussie servers again"
,Recommended,259570,20231883,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rogue Coder,"Apr 9, 2016 - Changing this to a positive reviewEdit Star is a really fun game, with a decent amount of content for an EA title. It still lacks a story mode (to be added before release), but the current ""sandbox"" mode is plenty to keep you busy, and has two large maps to play on.There is a growing amount of enemy variety, with different attack and defense strategies, and the inventory got a much needed revamp."
76561198176676293,Recommended,259570,22714051,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,derpfacewonder,this game is cool!
76561198134026307,Recommended,259570,24046663,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tony,It is a bit basic and just starting out can be frustrating as it is so easy to die and that can discourage  new players. Getting killed and losing everything you have collected is so frustrating. Also finding a safe place to build then seeing a new hive placed there after an update starts to make you wonder if the Dev's are trying to make it impossible to survive. I'm not going to recommend this but I won't tell you not to play it either. Play it for an hour and if you don't like it get a refund. Steam needs to implement a netural option as well as thumb up or down
76561197971733908,Not Recommended,259570,14300142,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,mavruss,"Beautiful game for being pre alpha.  I have funded other games who's releases were in way worse shape than this (looking at you Starforg and DF9).Game play is basic but fun.  The lack of a save feature is a bummer but they said its coming.  They do have perma death and a way to save your base if you have the correct mats saved in the correct inventory so, Im not too worried on the save part.These devs don't seem to be making promises that seem overreaching (cough Star Citizen cough) so funding them felt right.  Its worth the $20 as is in my opinion.  Hopefully it only gets better from here."
76561198020822530,Recommended,259570,25023136,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,The7thSaint,"While my overall experience didn't change much, I feel like this is one of the first EA games to actually do it right. This game is being built from the ground up, which means it doesn't and shouldn't have content for the sake of content. Too many games shove in content to keep players playing, but because they're so focused on content the games are a buggy mess. This game does it right, so props to the devs. When things are added to the game they're polished and mostly bug-free. Every single mechanic they've added feels like a finished part of a game in development. Too many EA games feel like something that won't ever get finished. This game constantly improves and feels like it's actually making progress towards a release, rather than something that is going to be EA forever.The amount of possibility right now is huge, this game can be more than just tower defense, more than just an action or open-world game. Depending on what's done this game could be something special. RNG loot, bosses, interesting and fun weapons, vehicles, different powers are all things that could be added to ultimately create an experience unlike any other I've seen and it excites me. Depending on what the devs decide to do this game could be truly huge.Solid. Polished. Professional. These are all words I'd use to describe this game and the devs. No, it's not finished. No, it doesn't have the content of a finished game, but that's a good thing because I want quality over quantity every day of the week. I'm looking forward to what happens next with this game.So far what I can say is: the combat is satisfying, the gathering doesn't feel like a chore and the building is fantastic. If you want to support some fantastic developers definitely give this game a try."
76561198018607841,Not Recommended,259570,20378362,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,dmetry_k,"Revised :I dont know what happen to this game. it takes like 10mins to load and you die within 5mins of game. Dev, why on earth do you start the game at night!!!? serious i don't recognize this game anymore...i wont recommend this game just because you will get frustrated really really quickly. it take ages to load and when you die you go back to the same loading screen that takes ten minutes load...::old review ::I'm trying really hard to like this game but it's hard to be fair it's early access and pre-alpha.  I got hooked with sandbox survival game like 7 days to die. in fact, it was my first survival game.THE GOOD:1. if you like strategy game (tower defense) , survival game and sandbox environment then this game is made just for you. it has the benefit of the three worlds.2. the graphics are absolutely beautiful ... stunning graphics .you feel engage with the mundane task of harvesting and it makes it fun to explore.3. the developers are awesome. they are very very engage with their gamers and the patches being release are in very very good quality.THE BAD:1. The User interface needs some work. you have press a bunch of buttons and use your mouse scroller to do some crafting. at first you dont mind ... coz your learning BUT after being press in time because of the pending nightfall or after doing it several times... it get really really really annoying really quick.  if your use to the easy crafting of 7 days to die then you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off playing this game coz it ain't easy trust me. it looks ""cool"" but that's it. the blocks icons are color coded the same way so it's hard to make a distinction from one to the other.2. You do a lot of walking in game. normally i don't mind exploring if you have something will doing it ...games like skyrim or 7 days to die. In 7 days to die... every block in that game can be harvested so your engage to your environment also you can predict where the resources are. wood = trees, rock = boulders , iron = mining . Eden Star doesn't give you that pattern.3. bad guys walk like flash ...seriously! they are incredibly fast. hopefully that will change.4. Unnecessary complication = crafting is so complicated! two sets of material ""Required"" and ""base"" component. you can choose different option for base material and you have to meet the required material.  the UI that display this information is old shool! old School. think of  web page with a table with columns and the submit bottom is a tiny buttons ate the bottom of the screen.more option doesn't always equate to a good experience.""Developers"" if you reading this...please simplify your crafting system because gamers will be spending half of their time in this UI.For the developers:1. Improve your icon that it make sense or rename the harvested material to make it more familiar with the user. ""Ironite""?? seriously? call it ""iron"", Briganite... call it rock lol.  fider ... call it wood lol. change the icon so it make sense. place the harvested materials in location that make sense.2. your Crafting UI is really hard to use... this is because you guys made crafting too complicated and it doesn't fit in a simple UI design haha. the gamer will spending more time in the crafting system and makei it easy to use helps them out specially when they have 2mins till nightfall.Conclusion:the developers are awesome they are very friendly and they the quality of the patches are top notch. i can see the game being polish in no time. this game is more stable than most pre-alpha game i played.but i have to say the UI is too corky, if you can go pass the crafting system then i say go for it buy it.  if your coming from games like 7 days to die ... you might wanna wait a little bit until the simplify the hot mess crafting system."
76561198129939433,Recommended,259570,15717595,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Prince Ali,"- Looks good, plays well, not a lot of bugs, fast developement.- Content goes quickly, not a lot of things to do yet.Still recomended :)"
,Recommended,259570,28924485,Posted: 1 January,all,Zyna,For the 5 hours I have logged in this game my experience was enjoyable. I didn't have any performance issues that one would expect in a Pre Alpha title. The gameplay was fast paced and when the night time came was a hell of a time!
