user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197996750272,Recommended,259660,14084929,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Cyrus,"I bought this game as soon as it was released in Early-Access.Since then the developer constantly updated the game while listening to feedback and staying in close contact to the community. All games in EA should be developed like this game did.Now that it is finished this game is one of my favorite games.+ low price+ lots of awesome ships from drones to cruisers and carriers+ everything can be player controlled+ partly newtonian physics (if you want to slow down point your engines in the other direction or use forward trusters)+ lots of control modes for ships (just take one turret and let the crew do everything else, control everything, fly and let the crew shoot...)+ great rts part+ easy to use editor and instant action missions+ encouraging unlock system for everything to use in the editor- takes some time to learn the controls (not a problem if you don´t expect to master the controls after 30 minutes)- very challenging in the later story missions....+ .... which are awesome if you don´t give up immediatelyIf you like space games you should absolutely buy this game... if there is going to be a sequel, it´s already on my personal wishlist."
,Not Recommended,259660,21472279,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,XcuteX,"SO on the fence about this one! Short version: Homeworld meets X3, with big bugs and frequent crashes, but frequent auto-saving and short loading times to partially compensate. There are achievements for each of the endings - highest is 0.4%, total is 0.9%; that means less than 1% have even finished the game... Maybe the fact I have will add a little authority to my review.Update: You know, I might go so far as to say ignore the positive reviews because they don’t know what they’re talking about. If you look at them, notice how many hours played and the fact these reviewers haven’t finished the actual game: xsmasher, Morally Bankrupt, templelord, and Cyrus (90 hours, must be a beta tester). I know this makes me look stuck up “I've finished the game, I'm H@rdc0r3!”, but we can see the highest-rated helpful positive reviews are likely beta testers. And if anyone else gets the game, they’re less than 1% likely to finish.Longer:Graphics: Cell shaded. Nothing special, but the models don't get boring or look ugly. Good.When contolling ships (only in the first few levels) the ships will shake alot, like when you try to glitch through a wall and your character oscillates rapidly between two positions. The dev says this is due to ""Intel graphics chips"". Well I have a graphics card, but almost everybody has an Intel processor. Bad. When placing stations, icons for some items are very small (and the build method is unintuitive).Story is alright, gets into improbable coincidence territory, but alright. Need to find if there's info on the character/faction backstories.Ship-to-thip combat is ok. Like a flight simulator. Flight modes are kind of whacky. Cockpit, camera chase 3rd person, and 'command' view where you control the turrets. For fighters, cockpit view. For everything else, chase view. Command view is pretty worthless since you won't be dodging fire well that way. Turrets do auto-track with Shift+A, I think. There's also a view to move the camera around your ship and admire it. There are some command ship specific issues I'll address later.Tactical mode (Homeworld) is eh. An issue that only appeared toward the end is that engagement rules and ship orders will revert. You'll see dudes fly halfway to a target (target's still alive), and they just turn around and go back. I don't know what causes engagement rules (tiny buttons!) to revert, but I've given the same order 5-6 times to a group only to watch them stop caring until I gave up. Ouch.The command ship is also iffy. At least 4 of its abilites are worthless except a few parts in the story. Command: take over enemy ships! Except about 1/3 the way through enemy ships stop being capturable. Radiation field: damage yourself and anything right next to you! Useful for two engagements where enemy drones are trying to saw their way through your ship. Quick-ish reverse: accellerate backwards sorta fast. Rarely could that benefit you. Right side shield: temporary energy shield on the right side of your ship. By the time you get this, the enemy laser weapons seem to ignore the shield. Worse than having a million bucks on a desert island. The other abilities are also iffy: tractor beam the enemy, but make sure they don't hit your ship; rapid repair, but lose control of engines and inertia takes you to wherever. The ship does passively repair, too, which is way more useful. The main gun of the ship is only useful when upgraded 5/5 during the last 1/3 to 1/4 of the game.Extra: The game is continuous - your fleet, ship upgrades, etc are preserved between areas/levels. It does feel like one big activity - first fighting miners, then running from overwhelming aliens, then fighting back against those aliens that were supposed to be overwhelming. Upgrade progression is awkward. Would have rather gotten most (except shield and the main gun) as soon as you got the command ship. Instead it's ""you're at this point in the game; here is some research that should already have been done and some upgrades/repairs you should have already been able to access"". The game is supposedly focused on numerical superiority, but your fleet usually forms up with the command ship and it feels like your fleet is really just one really big gun turret. The rare few times you send ships away from the main group is so you can control one of them, to act as distractions, or two instances where enemy fleets just sit there and you can irradiate part of them to death with a Bear. You'll lose/reload a lot, part from crashing, part because the game gives you a bunch of ""FU"" situations - the digger Cruiser you can't control, and figuring out how to keep it from drilling you to death (hit 'F'); Teardrop drones that latch onto your ship, and figuring out how to keep yourself alive (you die fast); aliens that can warp into the map wherever, and realizing they just completely bypassed your defenses. You do get an additional cruiser and carrier through the story, and the carrier's pretty boss, but they'll mostly chill far away from the fight so they don't die.Awesome idea, but ultimately you just end up loading a lot to argue with your units that refuse to reposition correctly. And the dev is working on the second game so these issues are here to stay.Thumbs up if the review is helpful."
76561198026560958,Not Recommended,259660,14171582,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dhaghologh,"It's been a while that I was as frustrated with a game as I am with Void Destroyer.The problem is that I really want to like the game, it has a lot of stuff that it's cool or fun.If it was simply a bad game I simply would uninstall it and forget I ever bought it. But there is so much potential and nice ideas in so it ends in a love-hate relation. That's why the frustration.Void Destroyer is a RTS space combat game very similar to Homeworld so whoever played one of those will instantly feel familiar with it. The interesting part is that you can take direct control of any ship in your fleet and fly it yourself in 1st or 3rd person mode, blasting away at enemies like a space combat sim. At the same time you can use a tactical mode to manage your fleet and bases. You can research new stuff there, build ships or gun platforms, form fleets and have an overall view of the battlefield.However that's where the problems start: The interface, while nice looking, has it's kinks. So you cannot, for example, select all ships of a type to form into groups. The only way to select several ships is by dragging a box or shift-clicking one ship after another. You also cannot remove ships from an already selected group (at least I haven't found out how).The fact that there is no tooltip for anything doesn't help finding out what all the clickable commands really do.Forming formations also is quite tedious as some ships simply ignore that order or they leave the formation at a latter time for no apparent reasons.All in all keeping all your stuff doing what you want them to do is like herding cats. It more or less works but it is way more exhausting that it should be.My biggest gripe though is with the difficulty spike. Since your fleet is consistent from one mission to another and in several you are unable to re-build stuff you are forced to optimize earlier missions to be able to beat later ones. In addition many missions seem to have triggers for enemy reinforcements and if you trigger too many while being not ready no strategic genius will save you from doom. In addition in some missions the enemy bases are so close that the battle turns into a totally confusing free-for-all as you cannot move one step without drawing more enemies after you. Other missions where the enemy is not reinforcing infinitely are then in contrast rather easy and allow you to finish without losing anything.Even while the Dev is trying very hard to be helpful in the forums and seems to constantly answer questions and improve the game this is a playstyle I simply can't stand for long. While there are tactics to deal with certain enemies the only strategy seems to build more stuff faster than your enemy and if you cannot build anything then you have destroy the enemy's capabilities to build faster than your fleet dies.Perhaps it's only me that has problems with that, perhaps I'm too stupid to play Void Destroyer, but this game is simply too much frustration for me.Summary:While it has many neat features and looks interesting there are simply too many frustrating problems I have with Void Destroyer to be able to really recommend it. Which is sad, since the game really has potential and the dev is active and helpful. Perhaps it's only me that has such a hard time with the game but you better make sure which category of player you fall in before you buy it. I do not consider myself too casual a player and I have played strategy games since Dune II or Warcraft I but Void Destroyer gave me The Finger."
76561197972636156,Recommended,259660,8727010,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kieme(ITA),"A simple reviewContents as for now:-a lot of ships (in the order of dozens) with 3 graphic styles (3 factions) -correction: 4 factions, 4 styles, about 3 dozens ships--campaign mode story-driven with text acting (still can't say how many sub missions) - 6 sub missions until now.-1 small skirmish battle (ships only, no structures) -correction: other 4 missions came out after campaign progression - with structures too.-full (probably) tutorial section (several tutorials covering basics)-mission editor (can place asteroids of different sizes, debries, space dust, mine fields, ships you encountered in the campaign, some structures)The game has two modes: direct control over a single ship (they are all controllable) and tactical command where you can build and research structures and units.Direct control: each ship has a set of health points (I don't see any reference to armor or shields), and different weapons (either turreted or fixed forward), most ships have a special secondary attack, each weapon does a set amount of damage (I don't see different damage types) and has a certain behaviour/range.Movement controls are based on mouse+keyboard or joystick, they are quite hard to get (you can remap control keys), but the flight simulation is convincing (feels like space). Some basic commands are there (switch target, target nearest etc.).There are 4 possible views on any ship (1st person, 3rd person -or chase-, 3rd person with free camera -like eve online-, but the last one is not suitable for direct control, turret control, single one or all). Correction: there's a fifth view, command, that lets you steer your ship with the mouse, select targets and shoot, very dynamic, very similar to eve online.When a ship has turrets, they track the targeted enemy on their own while you can fly around.Tactical command: you can view the map with a far camera, the units are re-rendered as green/yellow/blue small ships with some bloom effect, you can give basi orders, like patrol an area, move to a point, attack etc. You can select multiple units and also give formation orders. You can select your main base and adjust three bars with three resources -research/energy/ore mining. Resources are generated/used every given time. You can build structures (like shipyards, weapon platforms etc. around the base, selecting placement on all three axis.Personal thoughts:Tactical view UI is too basic, you have little control over what's happening and the menus with ships and objects in space are lists of units you need to browse with your eyes. There is no clear counter of resources spent/used/available/produced, so you have little knowledge of what you need. Camera controls need a lot of improvements in this mode, for now it's quite hard to move, find, select, command units.There is no research panel nor research tree. You research a shipyard->build one->research corvette->build corvette, switching to main base to each research, all done in a list menu. You have little information on unit types, their characteristics  etc.Campaign is quite difficult, you can save games and there's an autosave but it's quite difficult to win against an enemy that is most always superior in numbers, usually you'll need to repeat missions in order to do what's right to do and do it faster in order to win.There is a ship cap devided for ship class, but all is moddable.Overall I like the direct control mode, it switches to another unit when yours die, with a button you can cycle all your ships, you can control any ship. I like the graphic style, the units are well designed and interesting. What I don't like is the sound, too few sounds, too little music, there's a lot to add in this. I like the graphic style although there's little of interest in space, asteroids and some dust clouds, needs a lot. The background space is convincing but quite sterile. The lack of objects leads to disorientation when using a single ship.An interesting idea that needs new features, polishing of UI especially in tactical control mode, more sounds and a complete soundtrack. The editor is nice, but should be more open since it would let us learn game basics such as base building/progression and test ships with direct control.Buy it if you want to support the product and give inputs, wait if you are looking for a finished game. Like all early access we don't know when this will be finished, how many patches-builds will come in the future and at what pace.The game developer is a nice guy who is willing to confront with the crowd, speaks english and is dedicated since kickstarted his project, a true indie.Update after some more time in game:I'm experiencing a lot of crashes, random ones, I can't replicate them in any way and there's little I can do to report bugs etc. As regarding the campaign I've reached a stalemate, my progress is frustrated by crashes and extreme difficulty, my side and the enemy's are so well placed we both toss each other small fleets of 8/10 ships (there's a cap of some sort I can't figure out more information) and the attacker loses always. Finally, the interface in tactical mode is quite difficult to navigate, especially when it comes to move commands in the xyz axis, there's no clear way to distinguish the position at the end of the move.You can upgrade your flag ship with several improvements, from auto-repairs to engine to turrets (additional). The way you do it is quite nice, get the ship closer to a transfer structure, order to move some resources into the ship (this action is shown in game by crates popping out of the structure and flying towards the ship) and then order the upgrades you want (there's a timer).Update2: after quite some more time.Looks like crashing bugs were related to something in the 3rd mission of the campaign, maybe attacking some enemy platforms. I still get a crash from time to time.I have to point out that there are 4 factions I've seen now. The progression in game not only unlocks ships and factions in the mission editor but also adds single missions (scenarios) to be played.Update3:I managed to unlock all ships via some out of game files, which I opened in wordpad. The game truly is moddable, you can modify practically all ship data, damage, HP, speed, acceleration, even the phisics (reaction controls), ROF/speed of projectiles or missiles, and I looked at their textures too, all of this was very accessible (considering I have no idea how to mod a game), and there is a practical folder for mods, that folder will prioritize loading any mod file named after game files, so you only have to drop your modifications there without touching the vanilla game files."
76561198067251264,Recommended,259660,11954577,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Zachev,"Edit: 1/10/2015Since I started playing the game again after awhile, I thought I'd update my review on this game.  (It truely deserves an updated review)  First of all, the dev has CLEARLY put in a TON of effort into the game.  Although, I find it hard to fault a game that has such a devoted creator, this game gets the best of both worlds with addictive gameplay and constant updates.  The game not only runs smoother than in the past, but actually has a battle editor now, with tons of new units and more to come.  Even the clunkiness I mentioned in my original review got attention.  The only thing I feel is missing now is multiplayer, as I would LOVE to play this game with friends.So heres a bit about the game:You are essentially a commander that can give orders like any space RTS style game, only you can take manual control of anything from the largest capital ships, to the capital ships indivdual turrets, to the smallest fighters (Either built or launched from a carrier).  The whole feel of the game is very unique, and it has newtonian style physics.  The models are all pretty detailed, and the gameplay is what brought me back to check out how this game has been updated.  I love games like Sins of a Solar Empire, Homeworld, and Elite Dangerous, and if you like any of those games, you will love this one too.  Just be sure to go through the tutorial when you buy this game, as there is A LOT to learn.Conclusion:Its addictive, its refreshing, and I'm glad I payed $15 for this game.  Buy it without hesitation if you see it on sale.  If you like space games, you won't regret it.The devotion the dev has show towards improving his game, as well as the actual improvements made to the game makes me want to update my score out of 10.  You don't get many indy devs who will show that they care about their game (if you keep up with gaming current events, you know what I'm talking about).  That is why, for $15, I am updating my score to a 10/10 (up from an 8/10).  You will probably get more hours out of this game than some AAA titles for a quarter of the cost.Original Review:This game IS NOT 100% finished, but it is still a fun game to play.  Keep in mind that pretty much all of this game has been done by 1 person (if I heard correctly), so my review is rather forgiving.  The story is fairly challenging, the UI, however, is rather complicated.  There are some things in the game in terms of camera movement and overall functionality that make playing it somewhat of a hastle.EG:  double clicking a unit both centers the camera on it and selects all similar units, which makes you move your camera back to where you want to give them the order to go.  Another example of this is trying to give an attack order on a unit that is very far away.  You basically can't right click said unit because the detection area is so small (or non existant in some cases), so you have to manually move your camera over so your view is closer.Clunkiness aside, if (or when) this game gets multiplayer, I will definitly be buying another copy to play with a friend.  I like the graphics and the overall feel of the game.If you want a completely done and polished Homeworld 2 only with the ability to directly take control of every craft, this isn't the game for you.  Though it definitly feels inspired by Homeworld, it lacks quite a few finishing touches.  Like I said, despite the thousands of hours put into making the game, there is like literally 1 person doing all the work.Reading all of the patch notes the developer seems really devoted to making this game a success, so I will definitely be following this game as it progresses.All in all, I am having fun playing the game, and if you like space battles as much as I do, you probably will too.  It just needs a few finishing touches, but a lot of the game is there.8/10,  Always glad to put a little extra money in the pocket of an indy dev."
,Recommended,259660,14085812,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,tedach,"My first foray into the hybrid FPS/RTS was Battlezone, and I've not encountered anything that compares to the unique experience it provided - until I played Void Destroyer. The combat feels tight, the RTS gameplay rewarding, and everything in between just -feels- right. Bravo on a fantastic game, a truly worthy successor to my Battlezone experience!EDIT: Incredibly sorry to hear that VD2 didnt reach kickstarter goal, but I certainly intend on purchasing through steam! Keep it up!"
,Recommended,259660,14167963,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kirbonkadonk,"A wonderful mish-mash of Battlezone and Homeworld. The UI can feel awkward, but that's more a symptom of the game being a hybrid of two genres that are typically fairly heavy on the controls, and generally the game does a good job of preventing this from becoming a serious inconvenience. The intial learning curve can seem a bit on the steep side, but this only hearkens back to the days of Homeworld, a game that was no pushover by any means.To the developer's credit, both aspects of Void Destroyer (I'll try my best to refrain from using the acronym), RTS and space sim, feel tight and function how you would expect them to, and there's satisfaction to be had in the immediate availability of a variety of vessels to pilot at your discretion, each with enough differentiation to make hopping between them more than worth the player's time.Also to the developer's credit has been his conduct on the Steam forums: always-courteous and informative responses, that are, very frequently, remarkably prompt; it's the kind of behaviour that should be help up as an example to any other developers and publishers that may wish to exhibit their wares on the Steam store, and to all those that currently do."
76561197971872842,Recommended,259660,14060352,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Riph,"An absolutely fantastic entry into the very short list of games who are RTSs but can be played in third person.  (And are fast and fun that way.)Seriously, what else is on that list?  Battlezone?  Hostile Waters: Antaeus Rising?We get a new game like this about every 5 years, so it's reassuring to see the care and attention and just plain love that was invested into the development of this one.I can confidently recommend this game for RTS fans and also for space combat fans.  You really can play it either way, and the freedom to hop back and forth means that it never, ever gets dull."
,Recommended,259660,8729847,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[BS] Discordia,"I must say, I am very impressed by this game. It reminded me of one of my favourite simulator called The Babylon Project, which is a fan made space combat sim game based in the Babylon 5 universe running on the Freespace 2 engine.This game, while still in alpha, is quite playable and in my opinion, very enjoyable. Having played various space sim games, one thing that makes this one stand out is its Borderlands 2 style art, which I love, the fact that it follows newtonian physics, and the ability to switch between roles of being a fighter pilot or a fleet commander.Having said that, I must warn that this game has a somewhat steep learning curve. If you're one of those people who just wanna plop down and shoot something, this isn't for you. If you've played and enjoyed games like Sins of a Solar Empire, Homeword series, and Freespace, or Wing Commander, I'd highly recommend this (though keep in mind this is an alpha). However, this is more complacated than those games, as newtonian physics introduces new challanges.Overall, I'd recommend this to people who like RTSes and Combat Simulator games. I can't wait to see what the future holds for this game."
,Recommended,259660,16255067,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,templerlord,"If you want to take control of your ship directly when you play HomeworldIf you want to command a whole fleet when you play EVEIf you want to pilot a capital ship when you play X RebornIf you want a game realistic enough to consider the retro-thrusters and the sound reduction in space shipsIf you want a challanging old style game which needs you to think your walkthrough over and overThen don't be fooled by the graphic, this game is your last hope.A really brilliant work, 10/10."
76561197988077759,Recommended,259660,14858827,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,danny_maland,"""Void Destroyer"" is a stunning achievement. If you ever played one of the ""Homeworld"" games, and wished you could jump into the driver's seat of a ship - now you can! The game ""plays"" very smoothly. Once you wrap your head around a few of the interface conventions and shortcuts, you'll be pretty quick at switching between crew and manual control, as well as managing your ship's throttle and picking which ship to actually sit in.The reality that the developer managed to marry an actual, working space sim with an actual, working, ""Homeworld 2 recognizable"" tactical mode is a feat to be applauded. It all works about as seamlessly as I imagine is possible, and it's even more impressive when you realize that the strategy simulation can NOT be dumbed down to a ""stats battle."" The computer has to actually handle ship-to-ship combat with real maneuvering - and it's VERY good at it.The CPU is so good at ship-to-ship that it actually opens the door to one of my negative points. It's true that the player taking control of a ship does not (and is not meant to) confer ""superfighter"" status on that ship. However, the advantage conferred by player control is so small that it easily becomes insignifcant. Yes, there were certain situations where human control did make it possible to really beat the pants off an opposing unit, but this was because the opposing unit simply could not handle a ship that was ""strafe jinking."" Also, the opposed unit did not have the advantage of numbers. This is not the situation the game seems to put you in most often, however, and most of the time the combat will very efficiently grind you up. Actual fighters and turret-bearing heavies will track and hit you very reliably, and ""many against one"" scenarios where you are at the disadvantage are not likely to go your way - lateral thrust tricks or no.All of this is to say that I find the game marketing's empahsis on the single-ship control to be a little off the mark. Grabbing personal control over a ship really isn't the key to victory. Managing the RTS scenario is absolutely essential, and with the CPU being as good of a dogfighter as it is, you're often better off just letting the computer fly while you issue the overall orders. This deeply undermines the ""fly any ship you want"" idea, because it tends to make that ability a mere curiosity.A ""YMMV"" point (which I happen to enjoy) is that the game combines a basically manageable learning curve with very little hand-holding. I was especially impressed that the first mission with actual RTS elements did little micro-managing. You have a number of things suggested to you as things to do, but exactly how you go about them is quite freeform. You get space to make your own decisions, and you don't get artificially railroaded into checking off a bullet-pointed list in a certain order. I found it nicely refreshing. (I also found it refreshing that the ""get through with minimal casualties missions"" allow you enough creative leeway to actually pull off the objective with flying colors.)An actually minor, but detail-demanding complaint is that the tactical view is not ""AAA"" polished. I'm not saying this to denigrate the developer's achievement, but I think it merits pointing out. The tac-view camera is actually given too much freedom, in that you can tumble the view into all kinds of weird angles without having a quick and unambiguous directional reference available to help you get your bearings back. The tumble and rotate control of the camera is very ""twitchy,"" meaning that getting the angle you want can be a real chore. Further (and ironically) scaling the view is VERY ponderous, which is frustrating when you're trying to wrangle a bunch of ships that have run off while tracking a target, or if you're trying to get an overview of what's going on beyond your perimeter.If I were to make a suggestion, I would ask the developer to make it such that the tac-camera's rotation and tumble were significantly slower, while the zoom and pan/dolly should be signifcantly faster. Also, I would highly recommend that the tumble be restricted to +90 degrees over the ""plane of the ecliptic"" (overhead view), and -45 degrees below. Full freedom of camera movement seems nice, but actually hurts situational awareness when you get all flipped around and have to re-establish your bearings.I will readily admit that I'm taking a break from this game due to getting stymied. There's a mission that I just can't seem to crack, because I can't find the course of action that will let me endure the battering my fleet is subjected to. In that, I'm a little disappointed, because I was hoping for a title where ""jumping in"" to a ship would really allow me to tip fights in my favor. ""Void Destroyer"" doesn't do that.But, even so, this game is a brilliant piece of work. It demonstrates that this kind of idea can actually be done, and done very well."
86418646169451684,Recommended,259660,8743726,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Drama Monkey,"I’m still fairly new to the game but I figured I would go ahead and share my thoughts, firstly, the RTS side of this is alright at the moment, although I would like a free mode where I can PvP/PvAI on a PvP map, this is something I think is planed but I’m not sure. I personally love the art style, and I think it works well with the game.Gameplay wise, the control of ships is really nice but feels a bit float with some ships and slow on others. The tactical view is really good, but an option to turn off the wireframe view and have a real graphics view would be nice. The combat is fun, and challenging, but the controls work well for it.It has a few tutorials that introduce you well to the game, although some of the tutorial stuff is in the single player campaign.Bugs wise, there are very few bugs that I can find, especially for a beta, although there is a CTD bug if you have 2 screens.And just to top off this game, it was made by 1 person (to my knowledge) and it is better then some Triple A titles that came out in the past 5 years, seriously, he is active in the games forums and is offering a free steam key for the game if you find game breaking bugs which is nice of them, and he will deal with any issues you have with the game, and answer questions, very rare to see such an active dev. I hope there is a demo released so I can at least say try it but I would Defiantly recommend this to fans of simpler RTS's and space combat games as it does both of these very well.Big recommendation from me, and thanks to the Dev for making this, I’m sure it was tough but i thank you for not giving up.I can’t wait to see a final product."
76561197978927794,Recommended,259660,14138024,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Bane,"This developer is awesome. I've made two overly rude complaints about something I don't like about the game, and suddenly there's options to make it work. This guy seriously listens. Just starting to play the game now as it seems the blockers (for me, anyway) that made me complain were fixed, and it looks awesome and rich. Ver much recommend."
76561197990395265,Recommended,259660,12078853,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Chimera,"This game is a total must buy for all homeworld fans out there. Also, the dev is commited to the community and his game, unlike other games in the Early Access program.Each update brings new content and refinements to the UI.If you a space game fan, just buy it!"
,Recommended,259660,16283664,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Insignus,"Void Destroyer is an indie FPS/RTS Hybrid that builds off of inspirations such as the Homeworld Series and Battlezone of yore. Overall, this is a very strong game made by a very passionate one man development team that used kickstarter to generate some surprisingly good visuals and art, and I would strongly recommend it.The story premise is as follows: You are a retired veteran commander of a military space force who is thrust back into a command role in response to a surprise attack in an un-named star system far from Earth. A series of gates link these systems. Miners and military folks don't get along. Pretty standard sci-fi space game stuff. Void Destroyer is, however, a unique and interesting execution of this concept, most notably because you can, in fact, win the game in a variety of ways, focusing on your own piloting skills, fleet/strategic management, or more likely, some mixture thereof.Void Destroyer thus allows you to choose between jumping into a big honkin cruiser and duking it out, trying to dodge and prioritize your turrets, or you can hit space and zoom out, ordering your ships to focus fire on an enemy or attacking from a different direction to exploit a weakness. The developer has stated that this is by design, and appears to have accomplished this.The game has campaign, skirmish, and sandbox modes. There is no multiplayer mode. Items used in sandbox or skirmish modes are based off of campaign unlocks, although the developer has posted instructions on how to get around this.The campaign is difficult, and will require some study *You can't simply brute force your way in a ""BUILD X OF THIS SUPER UNIT, KILL THOSE GUYS"", but there is carry over (Your fleet persists over the campaign). The story depth is about average for its genre, not overly sophisticated, although there is a minor amount of world-building that takes place, but the dialogue (Which is text based, likely due to cost constraints) is surprisingly witty and even funny at times.Base management and resource management is minimal, but well situated (There are only three resources, which run off a percent of crew devoted to producing them). THere is a fleet size cap that varies over the campaign, and some unique units that can filter in, as well as hero and unique units. The centerpiece ""Hero"" unit is your command ship, a cruiser class ship that can be upgraded in a variety of interesting ways (Such as a tractor beam to to pull objects, both friend and foe) or special engine upgrades.Overall, there is a learning curve, however, there is a surprisingly helpful and frankly worded in-game guide of ""If this is too hard for you, don't forget to try X and Y."" Developer response and support, from my personal experience, has been strong, with pointed and considered responses over steam and in forums. If you have a serious problem with the game, there is a decent to above average likelihood the developer will respond.A note on downsides: There are situations in the game where the game will put you in unwinnable scenarios, IF YOU SO CHOOSE (Between 2 and 3 times( , without always making it completely clear through dialogue. Some players appreciate this appeal to player decision making, others will be driven up a wall by it.Overall, if you liked Homeworld or similar titles, enjoy fleet or strategic command games, or are simply a die-hard space nut, I strongly recommend Void Destroyer as a worthwhile purchase."
76561198021998864,Recommended,259660,14330140,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,CarrotandStick,"Homeworld with Freelancer style flight controls for jumping in one of your ships and getting into the fight.Borderlands-esque graphical style. Brutally hard and expects you to learn its rules fast and keeps throwing new challenges throughout the campaign. Mission 1? Angry limped drones. Mission 2? Giang drill ship that chases you through a massive space melee. Mission 3? Minefields. And so on. But to its credit it's fun enough that I keep beating my head against whatever brick wall the game has thrown at me this time until I learn to climb or dig.Biggest thing I can say in support of this game is the developer has been releasing patches almost daily since launch. DAILY. This game isn't a job or a hobby, it's an obsession. Never seen post-launch support like it."
,Recommended,259660,12368721,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,The Enclave,"As other people have suggested this has a strong resemblence to Homeworld except you can pilot any ship in your fleet. The developer is also pretty damn fantastic, integrating some additional control options for me within a day and answering my questions on gameplay quickly and in a friendly manner. You can tell this game is a labour of love.Be prepared to die a lot though :) and don't give up it takes a few hours to learn and get into. I can already tell i'm going to get a lot of enjoyment out of this one."
76561197983506960,Recommended,259660,13888611,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SkattCat,"Don't wanna type much at the moment due to sinusitus so I'll be brief.  If your a fan of the ""Homeworld"" series, this game is what you've been waiting for.  A lot of work went into this and it shows. I haven't come even close to finishing it but I find myself thinking of tactics, turrets and lgoistics during time between sessions. Great game."
,Recommended,259660,18497442,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,xsmasher,"The best Homeworld-like game I've played. The trailers look like pure dogfighting, but I play almost entirely from tactical view. Capruting enemy ships and bases, managing resources, ship upgrades - Void Destoyer really flipped all my switches."
76561198042224644,Recommended,259660,14639959,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,EntropicFrost,"Woke up screaming because of terrifying flashbacks of Death & Destruction of my fleet as the enemy cornered my remaining ships and ate them... ate them all.... The nightmare ended with a giant defeat sign and the drifting of debris from the capital ship.Rating: 8.5-Good level design-Interesting Mechanics-Slightly annoying fleet grouping (I am more paitient than most too)-MASSIVE difficulty spikes-The Ability to command everything you own except structures. *Taking a drone, and flinging it across the map at the highest speed possible, which is none, only to having it ping off an enemy capital ship, in front of the enemy fleet, and get obliterated by Lucifer's fury, is entirely too hilarious.*-Slightly hurt by the need to replay past levels to complete future ones.-Cool ship designs.-Great developer support."
,Recommended,259660,14093393,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Darmak,"Excellent game with a ton of features.  It has a pretty steep learning curve with a lot of controls to figure out, but once you do and you start using time dilation and switching between your small and big ships and giving orders in the RTS mode it all clicks and comes together.  I'm also a huge fan of the art style and the soundtrack.  Oh, and it has really nice Newtonian flight physics.  And a skirmish editor.  And probably some other stuff I've left out."
76561198044775200,Recommended,259660,14558127,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Tornadobutt,"An excellent game, and a true dream for space fans.This game is COMPLEX. If you can't handle complexity, especially complexity of controls, skip this game and don't buy it and write reviews like ""This game is too complex / I can't learn all the controls.""The game is complex for a GOOD REASON. Beside the fact that there are TWO game modes strapped into this one game, namely RTS and space sim mode, there are MANY ways to control your ships in space sim mode.And it all makes sense too! After all, there are different types of ships: single-purpose fighter drones that you point and click (game lets you play point and click), and larger or capital ships that require separate movement, turret, and main weapon control (game lets you play this way too!)Combined with the ability to queue multiple commands, including waiting, rotating etc., allowing you to do complex formations, and with a time dilation (time slow down) feature to get it all in, what you can basically do is issue all your commands via RTS mode, then jump in and make a difference by controlling whichever ship you want!Switching between RTS and ship mode is seamless, and switching between ships is good as well (it even automatically slows time during switching between ships so that you won't be missing out!!)Excellent concept, two game modes marvellously put together into one game with good execution.CONS:Complex amount of game controls. You have to play the keyboard a little like a piano, with multiple ship control modes and commands in ship mode. That said, don't buy this game if you are averse to all that, and are simply going to write a bad review saying ""This game's controls are pretty complex."" YOU WERE WARNED."
,Recommended,259660,15083766,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Pizza?,"I am awesome at RTS, this game is not an RTS....it's what happens after generations of natural selection killing off weaker RTS games, leaving only the strongest like Void Destroyer.....that being said, this game kicked my sorry♥♥♥♥♥I struggled in vain getting utterly freaking destroyed by the unstoppable hordes of angry minersand whatever the hell Stubs are, some sort of mercenaries with cybernetics?. Then I got my act together, upgraded my capital ship to the fullest, built up my fleet, and spent god only knows how long whittling away at the enemy...then they sent in freaking ships with saws on them....SAWS! They glommed my capital ship and ♥♥♥♥ing ruined me. So I tried again and lured them back to my defense perimiter, letting my turrets chew them up, before sending the Marines in to capture the base and end the madness.All of this being the very first mission after the tutorial....I had to die a few times to get a good strategy, I had to lose lots of men to gain ground, my unstoppable fleet is built on the lives of thousands of men....and there's still enemies to kill, enemies that keep getting better. This game is natural selection on a grand scale, and it makes no concessions to casual gamers. I walked in thinking I could use my typical tactics only to get murdered so many times by guys with SHIPS MADE OUT OF ASTEROIDS.This game is a labor of love by a single guy, this game is better than some AAA titles I've played....and a damn sight more challenging. I love how many features were plugged into one game, especially the combat...the combat is so in-depth that you could command your entire fleet using the Tac mode, slowing down time to set up an entire assault and then execute it in real time (like a sci-fi Rainbow 6), yet so simple that you could  hop into the captain's chair of a cruiser and never issue a single order.As stated, this game is made and supported by one guy...and since I've gotten this game I've seen him responding to comments, inquiries, and forum posts all across the internet. He actually cares for this game, and for the people buying it, and that deserves a lot of respect.I highly recommend this game to anyone with a desire for a challenge. But be warned, you will die numerous times and you will be aggravated....but in the end its seriously worth it."
76561198083848550,Recommended,259660,14107435,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Turambar,"Game looks great and has a lot going for it. Very in depth systems in place that will take some serious effort to wrap your brain around. Ship to ship brutal combat, very in depth RTS/strategic options, the capital ship is a beast of its own with some serious control/upgrade/placement options. Strategic interface gives overall battle/situational  awareness. Have enjoyed the little that I've been able to accomplish so far (I did say little lol).... Prepare for some frustration, but I truly believe with some effort and will, this game has a lot to offer and should be checked out by any who enjoy the space genre. Dev is straight on top of this game as well which can only be a very, very good thing. All over the forum and bug control. Look forward to not sucking...(me that is, not the game)"
76561198072062927,Recommended,259660,8754405,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,s[R]g moztr,There're still a few rough edges and I think the game needs more content. It's early access so this was to be expected!Nonetheless: I've got my money's worth of fun back already and I'm really looking forward to the next iteration.
76561198139305168,Recommended,259660,25607856,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,KooperChaos,"It's hard for me to talk about this game without falling into rapsody...After playing a lot of space games (both FPS and RTS) it was the first one beeing a true challenge.The game is a mixture of an RTS and a FPS creating a whole new great adventure for every lover of the good old space genre.The game fulfils so many wishes:Wanna fly the flagship, and toss everything to pieces? Do it!If your wish is to corner a giant destroyer in a small fighter and make them fear your painful railguns? Do it!If you want to feel like the strategic mastermind watching your army and silently showing them the way to glory and victory? Just do it!It doesnt really matter which type of ship you wanna fly. They are all pilotable.Now be professional:Pros:-A very well executed unique game concept.-A great balance between scientific accuracy and fun.-A large set of lovely designed and challenging missions, guarenteeing you a lot of fun while at the same time demanding your attention, strategical knowledge and skill to guide your fleet through the fire and lead them to victory, peace and safety.-A beautyful cell shading graphics with unique artstyles for each faction in the game supporting the dark, dirty and dusty atmosphere of the Oort Cloud.And to put the final touches on the game, it features a engaging story line with depth and a lot of suprises! Wanna know what they are? Find it out by yourself!Cons:-The missions can be too challenging for light hearted ones. Requiring a lot of patience sometimes if you are (like me) not such a great strategic mastermind.-The strategical formations can be very challenging and difficult to execute due to the game using Newtonian physics.To sum it up:I can really, really recomend the game to everyone who loves space RTS's and FPS's (especially to those who played the Homeworld series) and has an open mind for new mechanics and concepts while seeking for the next great challenge."
76561197971069965,Recommended,259660,13270051,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sharpshotoo7,GREAT GAME Combines space RTS with ship flying for mega space battles. The cool thing is that this whole game is being produced by one man. Paul is awesome he's really thinking about the players and the game play. I cant wait to see what comes next.
76561197964234833,Recommended,259660,14165093,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cas9,"I remember playing the original Homeworld for the first time, and using the first person perspective mode on one of my fighters during battles so I could imagine what it was like to be a pilot in those battles.  Void Destroyers allows you to actually pilot one of those fighters, so that you can single handedly turn the tide of an unfavorable battle with your own skill and desperation.This game is a passionate labour of love by its creator, and this passion shows is countless details.  Anyone who loves the Homeworld games should pick this up, if only to tide them over until Gearbox finally releases the remastered Homeworld games.  By the time they release though, you will be wishing that you could take direct control of a Vargyr Plasma Lance fighter or Hiigaran Interceptor to save a poor isolated mining outpost against overwhelming odds."
76561198025595540,Recommended,259660,14943004,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,JudusDarkfold,"{The issue was resolved, and is now playable}  This game I have already done the fix for when the game starts up and crash a few secounds later and it did not help. So if you are thinking of getting this game make very sure you have the right spec for the game. So until I can play the game or get a refund depends on how things go my review will change. Just before the crash a metalic click sound is heard and the game closes.Ps. I am not saying this is a bad game just I can not play it right now.Issue Fixed (here is how we did it)Never tell your password to anyone.JudusDarkfold: hello was wondering if you had a few minutes to help me with getting Void Destroyer working?chaosavy: sureJudusDarkfold: I have already done the sound fix and it didn't fix it is their a patch or other way to work around thecrash issue: starting the game up and it crash a few seounds later though I hear a metalic click sound as the programcloses.chaosavy: if you hear the click sound then its most likely not a sound issuechaosavy: so its a much easier fixchaosavy: email me your Ogrelogfile.logchaosavy: Its located here:chaosavy: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\VoidDestroyerchaosavy: email to ******************************JudusDarkfold: okJudusDarkfold: ok its sentchaosavy: Here's the errorchaosavy: 06:07:13: OGRE EXCEPTION(7:InternalErrorException): Unable to copy AA buffer to final buffer: Invalid call inD3D9RenderTexture::swapBuffers at ..\..\..\..\..\RenderSystems\Direct3D9\src\OgreD3D9Texture.cpp (line 2108)JudusDarkfold: my email is ****************************chaosavy: its pointing towards a graphics issueJudusDarkfold: just updated all my drives a few days ago.chaosavy: looks like its the FSAA settingchaosavy: intel cards can sometimes lie to teh game about what htey can handlechaosavy: and the game picks up a setting thinking its okchaosavy: in that same game directorychaosavy: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\VoidDestroyerchaosavy: there is a file named c.exechaosavy: double click that filechaosavy: then change the FSAA setting to 2 or 0chaosavy: (try 2 first)chaosavy: then click okchaosavy: then try to run the gamechaosavy: if it crashes then set it to 0chaosavy: then click okchaosavy: then try to run the gamechaosavy: you have an intel cardchaosavy: its not recommended for the gamechaosavy: chances are that the game will runchaosavy: bu twill run slowly/laggyJudusDarkfold: looking through the files their is no c.exe filechaosavy: is there azRenderingConfig.exe?JudusDarkfold: yeschaosavy: ok then try that onechaosavy: I wonder if I renamed mine somehowJudusDarkfold: the FSAA: 4 set it to 2?chaosavy: yepchaosavy: if that doesn't work we'll try 0 nextJudusDarkfold: ok testing now wil let you know if this worksJudusDarkfold: ok 2 didn't work 0 didchaosavy: somehow - some intel cards tell the game that 4 and 2 are valid settingschaosavy: causing the crashchaosavy: there's different options in the options menuchaosavy: to lower texture stuffchaosavy: that will improve performancechaosavy: but in big battles it will be very choppy on intel cardsJudusDarkfold: I am off to play then and after I play for abit wil write a reviewJudusDarkfold: thank you for your time and assistancechaosavy: sure, no problem, glad I could helpJudusDarkfold: is it alright if I add this conversation to the review so that it might help other people?chaosavy: sureThe developer was kind and fast acting. A note on graphics even when pulling it all down to minium this game runs smooth with few if any noticeable hiccups in gameplay and visuals are still good. For those that could not get this game to work try doing what I did if all else fails talk with the developer."
,Recommended,259660,14166511,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DarkFyre,"It's hard to describe this game simply, but if you've ever read the book ""Ender's Game"" or even just watched the movie, the game is very similar to the simulator described there.  This is an RTS/3d Space combat simulator and it blends the two genres perfectly.  From any point within the game you're able to personally take control of your own ships and use your own skill to outmatch the AI in dogfights, as well as switch to tactical mode to control all your units in tandem.8/10  The game does have a ton of controls that will take a while to figure out."
,Recommended,259660,14148381,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,IVaporWave,"I personally find this game to be difficult at first, but is extremely fun. I would recommend this to anyone who likes RTS's and space dogfighting games.I did encounter a bug, but as soon as i posted it on the game's forum the game developer gave me a fix to it.Highly reccomended, due to its fun gameplay, and really active developer."
76561198004939669,Recommended,259660,14342447,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RomanticGoat,"Fun game, very tough and doesn't pull punches. Great developer too."
76561198027869578,Recommended,259660,24986554,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,whozk,"This game is pretty incredible, and so is the dev.When I first found out about the game, I was super excited about it. The idea felt like a wonderful ""best of both worlds"" experience. For the first few missions, it really was. Loads of ways that I could successfully approach the situation, both in the strategic view, and with piloting individual vessels.For the first few missions, you quickly find yourself up against a learning curve. The learning curve is real, and it is steep in places, but the learning curve for the UI goes away soon after (I actually like the layout, after I spend a while getting used to it). And the learning curve for functioning your units, and piloting tapers off soon after that.Basically, once you give yourself time to get comfortable with the UI, then it's not all that bad afterwards. While you’re still getting used to everything, take advantage of the help that is offered for navigating the UI. It’s very thorough and very helpful if you want to know how to do something.After the first few missions, you briefly get a place where you can, more or less, just easily go on, and progress through the game. Once you get through those missions, the difficulty starts ramping up. Although, I greatly enjoy the fact that the way to beat the game isn't just about numbers. Apart from the obvious strategic difficulty, the majority of the game's difficulty comes from the different situations you're in, and how well you'll do in the mission is proportionate to how well you can adapt to those situations. Some of the situations are ""caught with your pants down"" situations, in which you have no real way to preempt them. But, I've found that many of the situations that you will find yourself in are situations that you'll either blunder, because you weren't watching your perimeter, or succeed in, because you are familiar with the strengths/weaknesses of each vessel and how it's best used in battle.Remember: Your Capital ship isn't a god. It's more like a mothership. Protect it, and use it strategically, that's what it was made to do.There are always two (or more) ways to finish each mission, the 'brute force' way, and the 'right' way. There is always a solution to each situation that you're put into that maximises your effectiveness in battle. Find it, and the mission won't be nearly as difficult. Also, if the AI gets to be too much, you can try to bait it or kite it.Though, the campaign missions are great, they are heavy on the RTS side of things. So, if you're in need of a quick break, or want to experience the space combat side of things, flip over to the skirmish mode.Skirmish mode reenacts your previous missions, but has some twists, as well as certain missions that aren't in the campaign. Skirmish mode was made for flying around in a fighter, or piloting one of the corvettes. It's great fun, and you'll soon find that there are certain situations that you can turn the tide of war by piloting some of your smaller ships.It also has a wonderful sandbox mode, where you can create your own maps.There also is another sandbox mode, and this is a bit different. It's a test of the new, and soon-to-be-released Void Destroyer 2. In that game, you will be able to start as a mercenary, and fight/trade/pirate your way up to owning a decent ship, and even being a fleet commander. I'm very excited about Void Destroyer 2, and if you're interested, I'd suggest giving that test a little play through, too.This game is wonderfully made by a dev that is incredibly passionate about his work, and he does the best he possibly can to help form his work to the desires of the community. Many things that are in the game today are because of ideas that were shared over the steam forums. I think this game is worth it, and I'm certain that his next game will be even better!"
76561198057190834,Recommended,259660,12782848,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Concraft,"I do recomend this game, but I would like it it if there is a sandbox (not sure if there is one or not) in which you don't have a scripted mission, just to survive and mabye have AI that attack you and you can take them over, just a thought. Also I think that the game should have required tutorials, and more direction to it. Overall a really fun game, have not played it too much, but it has made a good impression."
,Recommended,259660,8763514,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,samguyjones,"The idea is great and it works.  I love that I can organize a fleet and that I can play as an individual ship.  Both parts of the game are satisfying, and the combination is terrific.I love the art style.  It seems a bit like 3D rendering with an artistic post filter.  I'm not sure exactly how they did it, but I was sure the gorgeous screen shots were cinematics, and they're all game play.  That's terrific.There's bits of the interface that I hope get fixed.  In the ship mode, the locking can be strange.  When I select a new target, it'll often pick something thousands of kilometers away and not the thing right in front of me.  I might just misunderstand that part of it.In the tactical view, I wish there was a quick button for ""zoom way out"".  The tactical view is often too close, and I want a much, much broader view than it wants to give me at first glance."
76561198027905160,Recommended,259660,14233700,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,A-K-Spray,"A game that started early access and actually release. this is what steam is meant for. dev who listens to players, uses their suggestions and makes the game better. awsome game. multiplayer would make it perfect..."
76561198038437327,Recommended,259660,10909344,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TTRepZ,"Void destroyer is what it says in the description, a game where you can either control the whole battle tactically or control a single ship. While the gameplay in itself is very fun, my main gripe with this game right now is that the campaign is very difficult, giving you limited time to get back on your feet before swamping you with enemies. One enemy type in particular, the Teardrop, latches onto your command ship (that you MUST keep alive at all costs) and does damage to it, except there are 20 of them attacking your command ship at once. Brutal difficulty, especially for a relatively new player such as myself. Other than the difficulty, this is a very good game overall, with solid visuals and control scheme. 7/10"
,Recommended,259660,14140000,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,(not) Y2K Compliant,"Homeworld 2 mixed with X-wing vs Tie fighter. Game looks fantastic, gameplay is great.Sort of crazy this is all done by one guy on a kickstarter budget of 35k.I highly recommend it to anyone who loves the idea of being able to control and fly the ships in a RTS fleet they build (including capital ships). Just be forwarned you are going to have to learn a pretty advanced hotkey system to be able to use everything efficiently as possible.8/10. At release, 9/10 if they ever add multiplayer post launch."
76561198004686603,Recommended,259660,14166775,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"Void destroyer is a rare gem indeed!  It is a mix between RTS & Space Sim (Think Battlezone but in space...with space flamethrowers!).Before speaking more about the game I just want to talk about the DevOf special note is the AMAZING commitment and involvement from the Developer.  Void Destroyer was developed by a SINGLE person so not only has he made an amazing game he is increadibly responsive to questions and feedback on the forum.  There is no lip service here as he really takes player feedback on board and is very supportive of questions or when you hit a particularily tough mission.  Again, this is a single Dev who has far better customer support/service than giant mega corps with armies of employees.  Simply amazing!The game has three main components- Tactical Mode - Here you get a tactical view of your forces and bases.  This can play out much like a normal ""RTS"" where you manage your resources, production, research as well as can give orders to your ships and fleets.- Command Mode (Aka Capital Ship mode): Here is where you directly control a capital ship.  You have a variety of options here from only controlling turrets and letting to crew fly or having complete control of everthing to only handling a few turrets.- Fighter Mode - This mode is were you control a figher and plays much like traditional space fighter sims.You can switch between these modes freely.  This allows you to maintain strategic control but also allows you to move to where the action is thickest, whether it be duking it out with cruisers or in a tense figther furball.The game is quite challenging, especially as it will take awhile to get a handle of all the various components but there is a fantastic sense of achievement when you finally crush your enemy beneath your boot!  Void Destroyer where victory is earned not given.Also the Dev has designed the missions to not only be challenging but also each mission is different, presenting different challenges & handicaps(rather than just throwing more/powerful enemies at you).  The plus side is that the missions do not get boring, it doesn't feel like repeating a previous mission, each has to be handled differently in order to triump.If you like Space Sims, strategy and Flamethrowers this is definatly a game worth trying and imo at it's current price it is a steal!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561198096272662,Recommended,259660,14591277,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Gecko's Revenge,For the short time i have played Void Destroyer it has been a fun experience while i must say that the learning curve is a bit steep at first but once you get the hang of it you have the feeling that you have accomplished something and the game brings out it's true colours. Also i got to say for a game made by one man it was a great feat not to mention the developer listens to what the playerbase has to say. So all up it is a great game that i recomend to people which don't mind a bit of a challange.
76561198082621962,Recommended,259660,25384981,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,kylamaya,"Void DestroyerThis is seriously a gem among games. First off this isn't your typical space sim such as the X series or Elite Dangerous. This is quite simply the perfect hybrid of RTS and FPS. Now as such every games has its pros and cons and here is my list of a few of each however please keep in mind ""User Experiance may Very""Pros-Great playablity with awesome mechanics. The game was well thought out as far as strengths and weaknesses go and there was a overal balance to the game.-Actually makes you think. There is a high difficulty curve that can stop some players in there trackshowever this is also what makes the game fun because you actually have to be engaged in order to beat it.-the ships look awesome. thats really all I have to say for that.Cons-The story seems bland. there isn't much customer progression or even story lore.-the controls can be a little perplexing and it takes a second to get used to the different playing styles of each ship.-The difficulty curve can be bothersome. I have allways been more of a story type player so the dificulty spike didn't really read to me. I also felt that the balance was of and more in favor of the AI. However I like to mod my games so I fixed that by adjusting the values of the ships. (even though I did that I still got my but kicked a few times by the AI-There isn't alot of replayability after the game is won.Conclusion & extra facts to considerIn conclusion this is truly a gem among coals. Sure it has some problems but it is probably one of the best games I have ever seen. I actually interviewed the Developer a few years ago about this game and asked him about the whole development process (I did this for a class I was taking at the time) If you consider the fact that this game was made in the basement (I am Assuming) of his house BY HIM SELF than i don't care what probles It has it is well worth the price and time spent. seriously pick up the game and make it work for you if you need to. It is worth it."
,Recommended,259660,9037956,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,SMSgt. Ashen <TF121>,this is a dogfight/ command game. worth getting
76561197988721412,Recommended,259660,14170257,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rufour,"Sorry, but i have to complain a few things:- the space looks awefull, sry, but who enjoys a brownish swampy atmosphere?- the controls take some mins to get into them, but with the tut and onscreen help it isn't hard, still, the one thing i hate about tactical few controls is, that you can't scroll and rotate it at the same time. If you hit any key while holding right mouse to orbit the view, you have to release rmb and hold it again to continue orbiting, that's really nasty- the combat element of the game is awesome, ai seems pretty good, but still stupid enough to split a lingering grp by kiting. For the rts element, the timeslowingdown-thingy is great, especially if you aren't familiar with all the stuff and need to take some deeper looks. The feedback in combat like ""ship ... destroed"" is a bit too less for my taste. Having a vanishing list of actions would taste better if you ask me, because it is super easy to miss actions this way, and you may not have the time to watch the fight in realtime.However, 15 bucks, totally WORTH IT! For me it is a 3D space rts with the feature that you can jump into a pilotseat and enter the great battle, if you wish to =)"
76561198038974004,Recommended,259660,29955014,Posted: 15 February,all,Howard M. Burgers,"It's a great game. I love the story, the battles, the RTS elements and the art style. It's too hard for most people (me included) so you might want to play through on a lower difficulty.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys space combat- it really doesn't get much better than this. You will at the very least get your money's worth."
76561197996795960,Recommended,259660,8764294,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,smile,"Great job guys , i loved the game and its my kind of a game. I know its still in early stages  & there was an update even today while i was playing it , yet is anyone else having the amount of crashes as i am ?? not sure if  its my pc though, just to be fair .I  guess the revue's that i read about this game was true , cause you never can tell . by the way i have  been playing steam games for about 15 years, and this is my first ever revue..Just give credit where its due hmm??thanks again great game"
76561198001471532,Recommended,259660,14305483,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Drab,"Awesome game, love it.  But be warned, it can be difficult.  Learning curve is slightly steep as well as there are a lot of functions and systems.  Often times, all the cool stuff mentioned in the trailer and description is happening all at once.  It can get hectic.Plus, the developer ace.  He is a regular in the forums, and promotes bug squashing and modding ideas with game keys.  Certainly behavior worth supporting."
,Recommended,259660,14430780,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[DNS] Poncho Longshanks,"Game is decent, There are definetly aspects I don't like, but at the same time, its is definetly interesting, and I liked the game, and it is definetly challenging at times. I would like to see more of a base building element, but that personal preferance. The storyline is cool, Very Homeworld feeling. All in all, I think the Developer has some great ideas, but execution could use some work."
,Recommended,259660,19548660,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Morally Bankrupt,"Awesome game.  I had it on my wishlist for a while and finally had the extra money to buy it and I'm really glad I did.  There is a lot of control given to you in the game.  You can move your entire fleet with ease, set up formations multiple different ways, pilot each ship in your fleet or fire an individual turret.  The dev gives you multiple different control schemes; each one has benefits depending on the ship you're piloting.The campaign has been challenging so far but you learn a lot in the earlier missions and you'll apply this knowledge to the missions to win.  You can tweak the difficulty if needed too.There is a skirmish / quick battle mode with a bunch of scenarios.  You can set up base battles or just a 10v10 epic dogfight bonanza! Go nuts!A guide is accessable in-game to check up on topics while playing.  It's pretty in-depth and reviews almost everything in the game.  Part of the fun is also figuring out how things work and experimenting.  I had fun sitting in a ship, equipped with a flamethrower (yep a mutha♥♥♥♥in' thrower of flame in space) clearing out an area of space while I parked the rest of my fleet back at the gate, told them to rest up for the next big fight.  There's a few ways to accomplish each mission, are you an RTS player?  Fine, go HAM on the Tac Map and RTS the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta this game, or you can #quickscope420blazit and pilot a fighter to go all Maverick on the enemy.  You can do both, almost at the same time.  Speaking about time, you can slow it down.  Well, you actually speed your brain up which gives the illusion of everything else slowing down, think NEO in the Matrix.  This bullet-time lets you set up your RTS strategy and then resume rocking enemy's worlds in a turret on your capital ship.The dev is also very active in the forums/discussion boards, so drop him a line and you'll get a response.  (Well I can't guarantee that because I don't know the guy, but he responded to me within a few hours).Great game, check it out.  I don't know of any others that give you this amount of control."
,Not Recommended,259660,31324397,Posted: 23 April,all,Tallheart,Not finished with the first game and already designing a second one with another purchase price. This is what ruins the reputation of steam early access games.
76561198115662567,Recommended,259660,9142870,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,SGT Griff,"This game is an amazing way to simulate space combat. It simlates intense space combat,teamwork, and the need to survive. I will continue to support this developer and all his future work. I believe small companies are the key to a happier gaming world. Not these big companies who don't give a crap about are opinions, that retorical!"
76561197970681058,Recommended,259660,8789891,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Space_elmo,"Dogfighting space sim with full Newtonian mechanics and RTS all in one. Great developer support with most crash bugs sorted within a few days. Enormous fun but very hard. Has a battle editor also. Fleet battles are brilliant to be part of. Only thing is don't expect to turn a battle in a single dogfighter, you'll end up being grist to the mill."
76561197993282690,Recommended,259660,8892560,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Arioch,WOW!  Battlestar Galactica meets Wing Commander meets Sins of A Solar Empire meets Borderlands.  Just WOW!15 bucks is a steal for this gem.  Please cough up the money for this game so it can be commercially released.  You will NOT be sorry you did.
,Recommended,259660,14369689,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Swampfist,this game is not for casual players.  im Usually not casual..but when it comes to games like this i am..
76561198059554207,Recommended,259660,15782899,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,<Grey Wolf> Akuma no Koken'nin,"Generally, I love the gameplay. It's challenging, and it really makes me think about my next move without having to rely on a pause button I love the controls on the capital ship, and the commands. if i had any complaints, it's that i don't know what i'm doing without reading a guide, and the game crashes, seemingly randomly. Sometimes three times within a half hour."
,Recommended,259660,14343591,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RAGING CYBORG,This game is pure awsome!I must say though it has its bugs.First off joystick control is a bit crap and it is pretty hard to play if you are a noobBut when all is said and done this game has real potential and i really want mods to be created for it.
76561198065767122,Recommended,259660,9093524,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,JOJOdaley,This is Basically something you never played before. It does have alot to learn. But it will soon come out as a huge war game. And is just Truly fun!!
,Recommended,259660,9294487,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TaCHi,"This is probably the closest thing to one of my all time fave games - HOMEWORLD and I think that says a lot about VOID DESTROYER. There've been a lot of space rts games that have been released since but always sticking to a 2d plane battlefield. Void Destroyer, like Homeworld breaks that mold and goes beyond it too with the ability to control individual ships.Controls are a bit clunky for me - sometimes w/out knowing I tend to revert to HW controls, which feel more fluid with this type of gameplay imo, I'd love it if there was a way to have it similar to that.There's a lot to learn and remember in this game and I found I needed to do the tutorial again to refresh my memory after not playing for some time.Overall though, I'm really enjoying this game. Love the graphics style."
76561197967932674,Recommended,259660,8926116,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,The,It's like Sins of a Solar Empire blended with a flight simulator.
76561197973080662,Recommended,259660,16538093,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Stenk,"It's like Iteration 11 combined parts of Homeworld, Sins of a Solar Empire, X series, Freelancer, shook it in a cocktail mixer, and took off those nasty seeds to offer a brilliant experience.It's a difficult game in the sense that you have to manage 3 game types in a time to progress (Base Management - Units Tactics - Combat). No need to be an Octopus though since controls are well thought (1 button to switch between tactical & combat, 2 command to select a ship & enter it...) but you need to make your brain work to record all those controls - still, it's less than X3 & arma 3 to quote the worst, and you know how much we love those games.The combat feeling is amazing. I'm used to the X3 series flying model which looks rather flat compared to Void Destroyer. Indeed, It's closer to Freelancer (Newton based physics) so fighters feels like jets but damn when you boost it really boost! If you've never experienced a 30vs30 fights where you're just another ship -in the middle of ships you've made- (like an X-wing you know..) Void Destroyer could be the game to lose your virginity!The base management part is reduced to simple tasks that you can perform under an unlimited bullet time effect (so that you don't miss the fight). Basically, you'll adjust sliders to optimize income according to your currents actions: station building, ships productions & research. I really like how the interface is handling the job here, once you get it it's easy to start a research, build a couple of ships and set their rally point. The point in the strategic part is to analyze your ennemy, build the adequate type of ships & overcome the ennemy.Then, that's where the game surprised me a lot, CONTENT! Let's just throw it: Solo Campaign (Hard & Persistent), Showcases/Single Mission (Worth doing since it unlocks ships for Random Battle), Editor, Free Open World DLC... It only lacks multiplayer. And ships, so many ships.. Bad♥♥♥♥♥cell-shaded ships!If you're into cell-shading it won't graphically be a problem for you, then it's all about taste. I really enjoy the design here and it renders good in space, first time i see this so far. Technically speaking, the only thing about Void Destroyer i don't like is the sound! It's too quiet in my opinion and i'd love the music to be more present in the game. On the contrary, sound effects serve the game well and give essential information in the middle of the fight i.e ship construction finished, capital ship upgrade. The game is stable and i saw a developper saying he'll offer a key if you can find a game breaking bug. Just get quickly around the steam community hub to see how the support is real, this game is alive & Void Destroyer 2 is on its way.Worth at any price for every Space Sim fan. If you've have never experience this kind of game before, consider that the time to learn this kind of game is long (between 5 to 10h) but extremely rewarding. There are tutorials in this game that can give you enough confidence to have fun in a ""short"" time. How will you be rewarded? Epic battle, a nice feeling of freedom and the sensation to master a hardcore piece of video game. Good luck!"
76561198081638313,Not Recommended,259660,32771193,Posted: 25 June,all,StockyStockton,"At first this game looked the bomb in videos i watched, but then after buying it i realised how poorly it played... clunky controls, poor controller config, confusig controls and a poor UI in general. go back and play Free Space 2, you wil get far more satisfaction"
,Not Recommended,259660,29097105,Posted: 7 January,all,BEEEEEES,"The Hub mission made me uninstall the game. Sure seems impossible and I'm just done trying, it's not in any way fun.Guess I'll go ahead and elaborate. My gripes are thus:Allied AI is utterly stupid. It's supposed to be player choice about playing in Pilot Mode in control of a single ship, but the AI is so damn dumb you will never beat a mission that way. They fly straight into death. They do not maneuver to dodge anything. They are slow to obey issued commands or simply ignore them. This is an RTS game that has a terrible RTS interface. In some sort of insane design choice control groups and formations are separated - you can't grab a swath of units and tell them to do something because they won't move or stay in formation, and so will arrive piecemeal at wherever you send them, neatly forming a line so enemy forces can eliminate them a few at a time. You can control group formation leaders, but if they die - you lose the control group. There's also no way to see the overall status of a control group at a glance. Unlike in Warcraft / Starcraft, you cannot see individual unit status with the group selected; you have no way to know who's close to dead without pausing time and examining each unit individually, and there isn't even a good interface for doing that much.Nothing is taught. Prime example: in The Hub mission, you have 3 bases full of enemies bearing down on you and you can't even generate resources to make anything. So you have to tell a Tug ship to go over to a nearby asteroid to pull it closer to the base for resources. Except I couldn't figure out why commanding it to go to a extra large asteroid or a medium asteroid did nothing. As I finally found out from the forums, it's because it only works on a ""large"" asteroid and no other size category. Not only does it not make any sense, game doesn't even bother to tell you.I absolutely applaud Chaosavy (the dev) who is very active on Void Destroyer 1 and 2 steam communities and seems like a generally swell guy, but there's no way I can recommend VD 1. At every turn I'm reminded of how Strike Suit Zero Director's Cut, Freelancer, etc ... did everything about ship mode better, and how Homeworld did everything about RTS mode better. I really, really wanted to play through VD 1 to learn the backstory of VD 2, but I'm just not going to♥♥♥♥♥♥away my time trying to beat this 1 single mission that's 9000 times more difficult than every mission before it. I'm sure it's possible, but I simply don't think it's worth the investment of time to wrestle with all that is bad about this game to see what lies beyond it."
,Recommended,259660,25606649,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Tazunte,If you like space rts games and love to jump into different units then this is the game for you. Void Destroyer starts you off small but quickly pushes you to be in command of both ships and stations. Set what reseach you want done allocate resources and defend and expand your territory. The game does have a bit of a learning curve but it is very fun to play once you get it down.
76561197970568440,Recommended,259660,14234722,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,jason,Great game by a great developer.. Kudos
76561198122682079,Recommended,259660,14235934,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,cool00013,thius game is awsome but it still needs a few minor changes some of the levels are hard but once you learn how to do things the games gets a lot easier
,Recommended,259660,8826653,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,The Divine Augustus,"I have sorely missed Homeworld for so long. No space strategy game has been able to fully fill the void in my heart. Now come this gem. I'm sold. Yes it is still an Early Access game but seems and feels most of it are out already. Just some bugs in need of some good squashing. The artwork is awesome, like Borderlands and Homeworld 2. The dev is doing this mostly solo. 4 years labor of love. And he's very active in the forums, both here and the official website. In fact, he is available on Steam chat. Go on, just friend him and say hi.In conclusion: Wow. Such work. Much win.I see the door. I'll help my self."
,Recommended,259660,8833426,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ワタリガラス,"From what i've played of this game, its actually really nice (especially for an alpha build(?)),However, i have been having major issues playing or even starting this game.For me, it crashes when i go fullscreen, when i try to start a new game (for the single player - a little problematic isnt it...)and when i try to create a scenario battle with more than 50 total ships. Considering the developer says that its about a quarter of the way to a releasable state, i cant wait to see where they take this.But please dont let this detur you. For an early access title, its in amazing shape. but I just wish i could play the story mode, as its kinda a crucial part.Performance-wise, It runs very smoothly, but im unable to run i fullscreen, as crashes happen instantly. (although, I'm sure this will be fixed. I just hope its soon!)"
,Recommended,259660,8792786,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Pinworm,"By far the best Early Access game I've played yet, seems like a lot of fun, and is relatively polished. Any way you could possibly want to fly a spaceship you can here"
76561198038592281,Recommended,259660,9326385,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Blu Waffles,"Good game so far enjoying it the ships move a little wonky, But over all fun game."
76561198058000656,Recommended,259660,25603195,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,navy3001,Void Destroyer..were do i start?Void Destroyer is a Space RTS game were you can jump into any unit you wish to play as!want to be a fighter? be the fighter!want to be a massive Warship? BE a massive warships!or if you just want to spam warships and fighters to destroy your hostile that works as well!what im saying it..you can control all the units and play as themi love how the ships look i love the RTS map and the TPS controlsand i love how what units you unlock in missions you can use in custom battles! i always wanted somthing like that in a RTS game!i overall rate this game 10/10!
,Recommended,259660,29151411,Posted: 9 January,all,Borb,"The game may seem very hard or impossible at first, But after you learn the ropes it becomes much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,259660,17233126,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Gokuofuin,"Really fun game, I enjoyed it.I believe that this kind of game even though you may have heard of games like it, its one that is not as common in the marketplace as others (minecraft clones) but other than that its really nice for what you pay."
76561197981987030,Recommended,259660,9719940,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Joe.Werly,"i'm really looking foward to this game, dude do you have playerd homewolrd2 ? yep ? cool that is for you ! some kind of Homeworld 2 + fps and the and with a future ""Sandbox mode"" mode incoming thats awesome!"
,Not Recommended,259660,17825207,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,MittenMarauder,"I want to like this game, I really do but there is something about this game that makes it hard to like. It's not that it's hard, because I like a game that doesn't pull punches, nor is it about complexity because I also like games that make you think.However, when the 4th, 5th, 6th, 10th time your ship does not do what it is asked to do, you start to wonder. When your ship becomes magically immobile because enemies spawned in/on your ship and you cannot kill them while they're glitched into your hull, so you die you really wonder.The hints/tips seem like an afterthought, not because they offer the player help after they died, but more because they offer information that was never told to you in the first place. For example, in the first mission you apparently have a super weapon (or something), but you won't find out about it unless you die. You'd think it would be pointed out, when it is literally the first ship you sit in.I asked Steam for a refund (which I got), because the game just did not live up to expectations. I did not want to exceed the 2 hour cut off, so maybe the game did not get a fair shake, but I would be hard pressed to consider buying this game a second time with the experience I had.This is the only game I have ever asked a refund for, so even though I really want to like it, I am not sure I can honestly recommend this game."
,Recommended,259660,25277402,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cpt.Wehner,"I realy liked this game, it's a great RTS/Ship battle game, but it's difficult to pass the missions :T"
76561198239735216,Recommended,259660,18956471,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,reedgarner,"I really like this game, and the only problem i have with it is the constant crashing. Every time I try and play it, after a few minutes, it crashes and says dispay drive stopped and restarted, but I just got a new computer"
76561197963720737,Recommended,259660,8806666,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Thoruz,"I have to say it was hard in the beginning but once you get the hang of it, it is a lot of fun.Very promising game. A little bit like Homeworld. I'm glad that i bought it even though it is not finished yet!"
,Recommended,259660,8936829,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kurayami,"Ever wanted to show this stupid bot how its done? to use all of the ship gigs to  destroy everything, lighting up the dark nothingness of space with explosions? Well than Void destroyer definetely wont dissapoint you. Nice cell shading graphics, good and fairly logical design (RETRO THRUSTERS!!! missed them so much) adequate AI and a set of fluid missions combined with a fairly good gameplay - and this is not even its final form.+ Space (duh)basic space physicssomehow logical design""assuming direct control""good gameplay overallfully modable (homeworld fans - im waiting)- crashes often on my rig.controls need some worka little too easy for direct control"
76561198083965278,Recommended,259660,8825611,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Socijs Templarii,"A very good game. Well thought out and fun. Reminds me a lot of Homeworld and that series. Only this game is the 2014 version. It may still be in the Beta testing, but it plays as though it was already done."
76561198045484271,Recommended,259660,14185802,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,drchucknorris,"Similar to Homeworld and a space sim.  Great game, hope the dev keeps updating a couple things here and there.  I would highly recommend to any RTS or Space Sim fans.  Good work on this one dude!"
,Recommended,259660,8895885,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lorthul,I love the game I just wish it had better joystick controls.  I have the xbox controller for the pc and think that it would ROCK that game to be able to use it.  Other than that man what a great game.
76561198007067440,Recommended,259660,14155640,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DaddyBosh101,"I'm liking this game a lot so far. The idea is epic in scale, its got very positive reviews which piqued my interest greatly, plus the price of £8.24. It has elements of Battlestations pacific, Homeworld, & Freespace 1+2. three games I thoroughly enjoyed way back when. In fact I've still got them. I am halfway through the tutorial & the Tutorial says to me theres a lot to learn. This is a game you have to put the time into to play well . From other reviews I have seen the developer of Void Destroyer regularly updates this fabulous game & stays in contact with fans. I'm thinking this game can only get better with time."
76561197999073336,Recommended,259660,8792348,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Triforce,"Good concept, decent enough graphics. Horrible controls. Almost entirely unplayalbe because of this. Needs ALOT of work. But could be good, in the far future."
76561198051299942,Recommended,259660,10909233,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cunnings!,This game is what I have been waiting for all my life.
76561198020321075,Recommended,259660,14273696,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Atticusmas,Puts together the best of space sims and RTS in the best way that an Indie game with a tiny budget could possibly accomplish.
,Recommended,259660,24415775,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,kgrrid,"Fuggin EPIC. Seriously, one of the most enjoyable games in the genre I've played since ORB and Homeworld. The fleets become huge as the game progresses, flying any of the ships in tactical was bliss as you swerved around lumbering capital ships to strike at your foes. Base management and defense construction is implemented as well, with a large amount (some might say overwhelming) of controls and management throughout the game.The only thing annoying was the slow cutscene triggers sometimes, and the uselessness of formations which would always dissolve anyway when fleets engaged. Also, in a couple maps ships would use gravity drive off the edge of the map...I suppose it would've been nice if you could trigger special abilities of ships from the strategic map mode, as well as maybe being able to make custom ships, but that's it really. A great game, one of my favourite space games for the past while. 9/10 aliens agree, don't be the tenth!"
,Recommended,259660,8746314,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rev Mustachio Marauder,"Buy this, buy it now. Epic space battles with small to large ships. WHY HAVENT YOU BOUGHT THIS YET"
76561198078585596,Recommended,259660,22585482,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr Fox,"For an indie game this is pretty intense. It's very old-school though, so save often and be prepared to learn things the hard way. The autosave feature is useless and I wish I could tamper with it. No mods either, which is a shame because the HUD's choice of grey as a colour makes the game a bit harder than it already is. Biggest downfall of the game is that the vast majority of it is dead silent. There's a neat soundtrack, it just doesn't play very often."
,Recommended,259660,8843319,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Yari,if you like playing a 10000 key piano while being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the♥♥♥♥♥ this is the game for you. in all seriosnes its a very enjoyable game with a good story. love the art style and the intense space battles . just so many keys to remember! >:(
76561198009197589,Recommended,259660,24986421,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Torbes3186,"I see alot of ""I wanted to like..."" which really should tell you all you need to know. That sentence could also be: ""My own expectations ruined what could have been a unique, enjoyable experience.""Go ahead and watch the first 30 seconds of the first video on this here store page. Do you see all the red diamonds? Those are enemies. See all the bullets flying set to the epic music? It's a hailstorm, literally. Void Destroyer is absolutely the best space game I have ever played. Void Destroyer was so incredibly epic, I explored the entire genre. I hadn't played a space sim since microsoft's flight sim 95. RPGs, RTS, FPS, TBS, 4X, etc are more my wheelhouse. Because of Void Destroyer I tried Rebel Galaxy, Starpoint Gemini 2, SPAZ 1+2, Space Rangers 2, Starsector, even X2:AP. All fine games, some excellent, nothing quite like VD.So what is Void Destroyer? It's a realistic space combat sim with rts functions, realtime pause, and giant setpiece missions. Example: Second mission kicks you in the nuts, because a ship with a giant drill on the front is literally ripping though you, oh my! Hmm, try to turn and shoot the drill?♥♥♥♥♥♥ that drill is armored. Pause, click fleet, click frigates tab (your giant ship killers), click enemy drill ship! Proceed to kite giant enemy drill while your hitters pound the drill ship in the back for 2 minutes. Feel accomplishment! You just exhibited problem solving! What follows is about 15 missions that range from attacking and capturing bases, building ships, attacking enemy lines, navigating through minefields, defending those bases, tactical retreats, saving the universe, etc etc.Now to rebut some of the top rated complaints: I have finished the game, I believe I even got that sweet 0.4% ending.You can select groups of ships, in tactical (rts) view: click fleet, click their tab, done.Shaky Controls? Likely ghost input from another controller, etc. There's an option to disable.I had no experience with bugs or crashes in main game, no stutter. Game is very very smooth.Capital ship abilities? Awesome. Hilarious that the dude who listed 2 of my favorite: pull ship and capture ship didn't think to put them together. Almost every ship can be captured until the very endgame enemies. Remember that drill ship? You fight a similiar one later, I pulled and captured it and he helped me save the universe. Shield does block lasers, pudge style rot(radiation), use retreat skill, use heal skill and you just did massive aoe damage.Super weapon on first ship? Secondary weaponfire is ""X"", check controls.Just a ton of bad information and whining.Teardrop drones? Kill their carriers before they swarm you (called frogs), or switch over you one of your smaller ships and shoot them off like a cleaner fish does for a whale! Don't forget you can pause at anytime to look around, take stock of your situation, evaluate, plan, execute.The combat controls are tight and responsive, there are tutorials and text guides. There is nothing else like this where you have an excellent 6DOF shooter combined with rts scale battles. It really is amazing, if you have half a backbone give it a chance. It won't let you down. Hell if you still can't beat the drill, it's not the game, it's you. :)"
76561198005879531,Not Recommended,259660,15662333,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"It's been a long time since I quit a game out of frustration.  Congratulations, Void Destroyer!  You did it.  I wanted to like this game, too.  Every game it's been compared to I like.  I've played dozens of space combat sims over the years.  Very few I haven't liked.  The same goes for space strategy games.  Combining these 2, I thought I wouldn't be able to stop playing this game.  Then I made it to mission 2.I've loved the Wing Commander series.  Free Space was awesome.  The X series has taken hundreds if not thousands of hours of my life.  The dog fighting in this game, it just doesn't do it for me.  I understand things have to be dumbed down because of  assortment of ships you can control, but I didn't enjoy that part.I can just control everything tactically!  That'll be fun!  And it was.  It worked great through mission 1.  Every time I accidentally went back to ship mode I made sure to put an end to that crap with a quick tap of the space bar.  Things were great.  Then came mission 2...Boss fights?  Some really fast, yet massive ship with drills on it.  It starts about to ram your command ship, hits you, knocks you around, you explode.  Over a dozen times I tried this fight, I lost.  I hated to do it, but I looked for help online.  Some people suggested lowering the difficulty.  I tried the “lose 30% health” feature so that giant drill thing died faster.  Nothing happened.  I tried it back in mission 1.  Nothing happened.  The difficulty option doesn't do anything.I tried a few more times, followed any advice I found, I died.  I threw smaller ships in it's path.  Apparently there isn't hit detection for them.  Straight through the big ship with no damage done and on it comes, smashing my ship.  Is this a bug?  The sound is horribly buggy so it wouldn't surprise me if collision didn't work correctly.The only advice I didn't try was to dogfight with your command ship.  I don't want to dogfight in this game any longer.  Honestly, nothing leading up to mission 2 trained you for this completely off the wall fight.  It's almost like the developer put it in the game as a parody.Obviously my experience isn't the norm.  There are quite a few positive reviews for this game.  I'm glad people liked this game.  I wanted to like it.  I like challenging.  I just can't bring myself to like annoying challenging."
76561197973931433,Recommended,259660,10787467,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HellfireZA,Its fantastic game!
76561198008911458,Not Recommended,259660,29302047,Posted: 16 January,all,Czar Petrovich,I really wanted to like this game. Badly. I tried. The UI and ship control is so badly designed that I couldn't continue. Incredibly disappointing.
76561198018988335,Not Recommended,259660,29054532,Posted: 6 January,all,Samuel,Buggy and unpolished.Every new machine I've ever bought I've tried to install this game and play it. Unfortunatly this game is laggy and buggy and  just awful to look at. Yet these problems are left un-acknowledged by the devs.
,Recommended,259660,17147610,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Chad Thundercock,"Pretty solid game, quite old school controls in a good way. Definately worth a purchase if you enjoy combat sims"
,Recommended,259660,25659269,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Heart that rejoices,Great challange if you like rts or flying a ship I would reccomend this 100%
76561198202449204,Not Recommended,259660,14153539,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,regentcid434,"Combining an RTS with a space flight sim sounded like it would be right up my alley. Normally, I don't even like cell-shading, but this game makes it look really good. The ship designs are cool, and there is a lot of color.However, like most of the negative reviews have already said, the controls are not inuitive and are very clunky. There is obviously going to be some comlexity given there are so many different modes and movement options in 3D space, but the controls didn't transition smoothly. Swapping between ship modes and the tactical mode was not clean. I noticed a couple times that when I switched from tactical back to my command ship, it was unresponsive. The HUD just jittered some, and I couldn't get the ship to move through manual flying. The game crashed once and then randomly minimized about 4 times in the middle of gameplay. I spent 4 hours today doing the tutorials and the first couple storyline missions and finally gave up. I really want to like it, but I feel like the enemy is less of a threat than trying to figure out how to get my ships where I need them."
76561198258169912,Recommended,259660,29607678,Posted: 31 January,all,czartrak,"This game is a unique one. Created by a one man dev, who will answer an questions to the best of his ability. The game itself is pretty difficult, but vey fun. It takes some time to get used to the gameplay style but once you understand it it comes natural. All and all I reccomend this alot. It was very fun and definintely unique."
,Recommended,259660,14117535,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,What in tarnation,"Fun Flight Sim, promising game!"
,Recommended,259660,14106519,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,American Prince,"ARE YOU READY FOR THE FINAL FRONTIER?!?! YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST MASTER SPACE PILOTING ON YOUR SMARTPHONE?!? THROW THAT **** AWAY, THIS IS SPACE. LEARN 2 FLY AND COMMAND WITH UR BRAIN DEN U B SPACE. GET IT. GET IT. GET IT. EYE GAURAN""T"" RESULTS.(If you're willing to put in an hour or two to learn controls and flight mechanics, you will have one hell of a good time.)"
,Recommended,259660,14741101,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,pikachu01,"Void Destoyer is a gem of a game created by a one man team. It's true that the audio/soundtrack might not live up to AAA standards and that the video quality and shading cannot be compared to one such as Homeworld Remastered, but the gameplay and reproduction of how space should work is top notch.The difficulty spike and the general UI complexity are still there (i.e. a hovering tooltip of what each command/button does would greatly help reduce the complexity of the game).One tip for those playing the game: Be sure to read the forums or post questions about the problems you are having. More often than not, the developer will straight up patch the game to fix your problem or offer you quick and simple solutions to what you can do to avoid the problem in the first place.Though one gripe I have is how gamey the game feels sometimes i.e. that the game tends to focus on one particular solution if you want to survive the game till the end. You can do the riskier move but you'll whittle down your forces that makes the end game harder (as you are left with less ships when you reach the end game). That tends to make the game slower as you slowly make every careful move to get the result you want."
76561198009891572,Recommended,259660,23374334,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,moosey117,"Good game all in all... says it's mainly a flight sim, but I felt myself using the RTS way more than anything else. Story mode was long, and VERY diffcult, had to exsploit some points where the AI was somewhat lacking in order to get past alot of stages. I feel like this game needs some more work but was worth the play through."
,Recommended,259660,14091943,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,YekiM,Fantastic game
76561198036741437,Recommended,259660,13448500,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jeffviper1,i have a problem in level 2 it crashes just after i get on this other ship i dont know why any info or tips would be a big help
,Recommended,259660,14349567,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,VireKniGht,Very good game. Require more time to learn. I will write full review later when i play this game more than 20 hours
76561198008182182,Recommended,259660,22210345,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TimeZeroHour,Game has a major learning curve but the tutorial could use a rework did it all and still having issuse with the intro stuff.
,Recommended,259660,14218988,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TurtleCat Reviews,"I try to take a quick look at Void Destroyer, I want to like this game, there is just so much potential, but.....http://youtu.be/E7ssx04UZu8"
76561198034916917,Not Recommended,259660,19349631,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Immaletyoufinish,"I've never wanted a refund more than I do after buying this game. I've tried to like it, I've tried to learn it and it just sucks.The controls are convoluted, the mouse is so floaty It feels like I'm blowing on a rubber duck to get it to face the right way in a bathtub. So my dogfights are just me trying to get the enemy into my view screen and failing. I've seen videos of other players struggling with flying so its not just me. And even when I succeed I only have one weapon to shoot with. Other games have more feedback and a ""fire all weapons"" button. They have more strategy that ""shoot it till its dead"".The dogfights are like driving bumper cars with nerf guns.I tried the sandbox mode and I'm thrown into the game and given a target. A target I know nothing about because I have no HUD info. And some other guy shoots it down before I do. Who is he? What was that? And what am I flying? I try to find the options to select new ships, new enemies, map, etc. Nothing. No info. Two minutes into my first game and some guy shot my only target.I then try the regular mode. I'm going through the in game instructions and then get stuck at the beginning because Im told to go through the jump gate but I have to go at full speed while holding alt-o, right click, f13, a turducken and a shoe. As I keep bouncing off of things, I start to realize I might be at the wrong structure, nothing shows up on HUD to identify it. I got as far as parking it at a ""base"" and waiting for some ships to be built.VD has a lot of hidden options that you can learn but there is nothing fun about any of it. Whats the use of having three different ways to do something when none of them make you more in control?This game is trying to capture the feeling of Homeworld but fails miserably because in Homeworld you care about your base and your ships. They are yours, you have some control over your circumstances, you have agency in the game. VD just throws you in and says ""don't fail"" without any help or info at all. I don't have any agenct in the game so I dont care what happens. It becomes a chore to try to survive one mission to the next."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,259660,18057414,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Gorebane,"I just can't recommend this game. It is so frustrating to play that I just had to stop.I really wanted to like it as it looks like it could be a great space based RTS, but it's so unbelievably aggrevating trying to get to grips with the UI and controls that there is no fun to be had here.I tried for a full day to do the first real mission, half an hour just trying to get my units to go where I told them to, and nearly burst multiple blood vessels.Most of the reviews for this complain about the terrible UI and control systems and for good reason."
76561197988089487,Recommended,259660,17339838,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,§k.200mg,"This is a solid space rts game, cool cell shade graphics, fun!!!!"
76561197967925993,Recommended,259660,8867317,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,panentheist,Great Developer who takes the time to make it right.... I highly recommend supporting this one man independent developer who is making a masterful game in the spirit of Homeworld but with so much more versatility!
,Recommended,259660,17806268,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,LegendofRobbo,"top tier game, only problem is its rather prone to crashes so spam that save button"
,Not Recommended,259660,17124830,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,bentc123,"There is nothing smooth about this game. Go back and watch the trailer again and you might notice how the craft seem to ""stutter"" when the ships turn. That exist in the full game and are just one of the things that make fighter combat unplayable.Pros-Cool models-Cool concept-Sandbox mode-Devs still support itCons-CRAZY CONFUSING CONTROLS-Terrible UI-No tutorial just a manual-Stuttery movements-8 bit audio (im not joking)-No sense of scale-Have to play through campaign to unlock ships for skirmish mode.-No way to tell if im hitting the enemy when i fire.-No way to see the range on my guns-Terrible targeting system-Large bases dont show on mapMaybe im missing something but i really dont understand how this left alpha, or maybe it still is?"
76561198088449429,Not Recommended,259660,15270508,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Shrike the ranger,"Ok, I played all of 6 minutes of this after messing with the menus for 6 minutes trying to adjust the controls.  Even in menus the controls are floaty and imprecise, in actual gameplay, its a terrible mess, maybe if you play with a Joystick and are excellent with one, this game might be playable.  If you get motion sick AVOID AT ALL COSTS, Im not someone that gets motion sick, and it made me nearly vomit.Now, even in the first mission the lack of any voice acting is a real miss especially with the glimpses of humor and deent writing I saw. So that's something else that just irks me about this."
76561198059639054,Not Recommended,259660,15325667,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,mot ka,"the controls are so messed up and not easy to use, add the inability to restart missions or even allow for proper fleet control makes this game no were near worth the £11 you have to pay for it"
76561198005803063,Not Recommended,259660,15614975,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,mack,"This is the first time I've ever wanted a refund for a game after only half an hour of ""playing"" it. I've never reviewed any game, but the disengenious store page copy infuriates me to no end, and since I can't just get a refund, this is my only option.While the game louds that it supports multiple play styles and pretends to allow gamepad input, it does not. If you want to use a game pad you will be able to roll your ship and fire the main weapon. End of list. You cannot accelerate, turn, pitch up, or anything else.There is an interface to set the controls, and it simply refuses to set the controls. I was able to add ""fire secondary weapon"" to a trigger after about 10 minutes of trying. Everything about the games interface claims it will allow a joystick or gamepad, but it doesn't.If you're looking for a game that lets you dogfight using your joystick or gamepad, I suggest buying any chess simulator, it will be closer to the experience you're looking for than this game.And yes, I've played plenty of dog fighting games using my gamepad (this exact gamepad) and it's never had an issue with any of those, as well as dozens of other games. It's just a run of the mill logitech."
76561198119391411,Recommended,259660,18709369,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,fred101j,good game but it is really hard so if you like a hard space sim play this game
76561197970956777,Recommended,259660,16540895,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SnowMan,Ive not played it much yet but so far so good. Cell shaded like Borderlands games.
76561197995690115,Recommended,259660,33331086,Posted: 6 July,all,Ophite,"Confusing.I know, everyone wants options. Well, I take it all back. Too many options. Too many buttons.My head hurts."
76561198048644636,Not Recommended,259660,14149685,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,joel.paris87,"Sucks. On the first level where you get the command ship and you have to upgrade it and build other ships, the game constantly attacks you and does not let you build your forces. They should call the game protect the command ship because that is all I am doing. Forget trying to attack or complete objectives. Just let me learn how to play the game first before you send wave after wave. The difficulty setting is a joke. It has a setting to reduces the enemy ships health by 10 20 or 30%. However it ADDED to their health. WTF! I think the developer made this game for himself and did not consider what it would be like for a first timer to start playing this game. For a positive the concept is great, having a shooter with a RTS. The interchange between the two is almost perfect. This could be a great game if I could ever get past the first level, however I think I am already done with this one."
,Not Recommended,259660,14554895,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MaxVector,"There is one giant issue holding this game back from being a real gem in the indie gaming field: needless complication.  I tried to learned the controls (and gameplay for that matter) about 4 or 5 times.   The whole time I kept thinking ""why is it so hard to do everything in this game?""  I have been gaming for 25+ years.  This isn't my first rodeo nor will it be my last.To be fair, the premise of the game is simply awesome: massive space battles, control of ANY ship in the battle and an RTS game behind the scenes making it work.  Its the execution that really hurts the game out of the box.I read the developer notes.  I get the idea that this is a throw back to the truly complex and wonderful simulations of the golden years of PC gaming but there is a problem: the developer put too many ideas into one box and couldn't decide what to take out.For example: Flying a command ship requires 5 different viewpoints, several functions (that you can turn on or off), and manual control of the weapons to even get any use out of them.  Flying a small fighter plane is much easier to understand but now your command ship is a sitting duck because you aren't in control.  By the way, THERE IS AN ENTIRE RTS mechanic that you have to manage behind the scenes.  To make it even worse, the control scheme is much more complicated that it needs to be.  Simple commands take multiple button presses when you probably just want to move forward.  The key mapping configuration is a nightmare.  It makes flight simulator feel like simon-says.My message to the developer:1. Fix the wonky and honestly, broken RTS portion.  Either simplify it or cut it our completely.  It COULD work if it was reduced to its strong points:  command and control.  Get rid of all the clunky base management and simplify the control scheme.  Remove or streamline what the command ship needs to do to be effective.  Waiting in base doing nothing is extremely boring.2. Streamline how capital ship control works.  We don't need 5 different ways just to do one thing.  Pick something and make it the main way to control the ship.3. Reduce the overall key mapping and massively overhaul the controls.  I can't stress this enough.My personal message to the developer:  I seriously LOVE the idea behind this game.  It has so many cool things I just wish it worked...better.I want to be extremely clear that the developer's time and effort is not wasted.  I can't imagine how hard it is to do something like this.  The person driving this vision has development talent some people can only dream of.  The execution of this game can be fixed if the right steps are taken.There is a great game in here somewhere.  I can see hints of brilliance but right now its just muddled in needless complexity.  Overall Rating: C-"
76561198022103876,Not Recommended,259660,14181048,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,🎃Treyen🎃,"Difficult to use interface, unfair difficulty spikes, sound effects practically nonexistent. Good Idea, poor game."
76561197992583075,Not Recommended,259660,16146819,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,redfox2023,Very buggy. and not smooth at all.  Not a playable or enjoyable game.  Disappointed
76561198192949942,Not Recommended,259660,21988245,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PZ II LUCHS,"I was hyped to buy this and when I started playing I found the tuorial nearly helpless due to the keys being complex and after about half an hour i managed to get the wardrum and when I needed to get to the gate, even on the lowest difficulty I died within 2 ♥♥♥♥ing minuites because of the ♥♥♥♥ing raiders and marauders and the fact that the warp never works does not help, if this was changed that the difficulty could be made lower and the tutorial was more clear Id reccomend this game with potential."
76561198133564111,Recommended,259660,33463952,Posted: 11 July,all,Serdar,"I just started playing and i am on tutorials right now. God, there are alot of reading with a boring sequence. Can't you made this with a funny training mission set? Yes there are many tings to learn but thats hell boring :("
76561198000524801,Not Recommended,259660,14717999,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Swamp Cat,"This game could be good, but has problems with some creative soundcards, the developer knows about that, but has not worked on it and he is not planning to do so (in fact he is planning to stop development for this game and wants to start working on the sequel of Void Destroyer). I use a creative X-Fi soundcard, I get to the menu screen, but as soon as I start a game or tutorial I get a blue screen. All other games work fine with my creative soundcard, I've got a recording soundcard  which doesn't work with many games, but it works with this game. The problem is that this game is just not good enough for me to change soundcards eachtime I want to play Void Destroyer. As long as the soundcard problem isn't fixed, I have to say this game is useless."
76561197966064393,Not Recommended,259660,20008114,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Foxbat,This game is incomprehensible. Difficult and unenjoyable. Do not buy this game.
76561198002427158,Not Recommended,259660,24354528,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dormuth,"Very confusing controls, no music, no voiceover. Feels half finished. The difficulty settings is off too."
76561198009480051,Not Recommended,259660,14331680,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Hawkeye0078,"controls suck, nothing interesting about this game that I can see"
76561197984791671,Not Recommended,259660,14709943,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,badtaz3169,"The game is simply to hard and unforgiving, on missin one infinate enemy waves come every 20 second and give you no time to repair or an attack. Something you did on mission 2 can make it IMPOSSIBLE to beat mission 11 Even with the dificulty modifiers Your not going to beat this game without a  Lot of frustration or being a super genieus"
,Not Recommended,259660,14587613,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,"This is ultimately a game about hassle. It's a hassle to get through the missions, it's a hassle to coordinate your ships, it's a hassle to even create flight groups because while you can select all of one type of ship, you can't select all of another type of ship. It's fun to fly around in your badass ship and shoot stuff to death, but doing anything else is an exercise in frustration."
,Not Recommended,259660,14123872,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Shamojin,"Controls and interface are not well thought out.One of the things that made Homeworld so great was the intuitive 3D controls. This seems to be the opposite of that.Often when switching to tactical mode the camera would fly off in the corner away from my ships.Fighting against the controls just to get through the tutorial missions was torture. An example:Mission objective: Fly ship to warp gate.step 1: tactical mode, click ship, right click gatestep 2: ship does nothing and sits therestep 3: search for a guide on how to make my ship use the warp gate.step 4: after 15 minutes of sitting in front of a warp gate trying to use it, give up and write this review.It shouldn't be this hard."
76561198032074760,Not Recommended,259660,25569067,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,narlynarf,"Cool concept, but stratigic interface is terrable."
,Not Recommended,259660,14151887,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Maj.Faux-Pas,"This game had potential, but it seems broken and unfinished, though the creator is sure that it's finished and not broken. GG"
,Not Recommended,259660,21129053,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mohawk666ImI,"yeah, might be good for someone esle, but the controls are just so awkward and the RTS layered on top of that, yeah, im good, fam.i just want to mindlessly listen to AC DC while dogfighting among the stars, is that too much to ask for?"
,Not Recommended,259660,14239299,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,AndyRootman,unplayable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198011909322,Not Recommended,259660,14467717,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,zooxanthellaeh2o,"This is the first time I bought a game and it would not load up. I have a high end system and have never had this problem in 20 years of gaming across many diffrent platforms. The dev contacted me and offered support. That was a nice thing to do but i dont want to go changing my computer around to play one game. who knows what that will effect with everyother program thats running just fine. So basicaly I was told It is my computers fault, or mine, but not the fault of the game at all. Oh well i guess ill just play any of the other games i own."
,Not Recommended,259660,14473441,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,POLARSPARTAN,good game all around just difficult and i wish i could get a refund
76561198017946533,Not Recommended,259660,9813085,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dogishappy,"I bought this game to calm my nerves with some kickass space combat. Instead i got clunky controls, a migraine, and a sore throat. Let it be know, i love this genre, and I am no stranger to RTS games either. Something about this game though just didn't click. I spent 2 hours trying to fight my way through the tutorials to learn this aggravating control scheme, and 3 hours playing the actual game. Only making it to the first base building mission before i just quit. In that time i experienced frequent crashes, auto saves right before i die (slots 1 and 2), and more than my fare share of aggravation.With an engineering background, I’m very familiar with working in a 3D space, so I spent most of my time in the Tactical mode. The counterintuitive controls however, made it so that I could only to watch my units die one by one as the dumb AI targets enemies that I tell them not to and get overwhelmed on their way to the complete opposite end of the battlefield.Even switching to manual control of the ships didn't help much as the targeting system would insist on targeting everyone besides the enemy in front of me that I happen to already be shooting at. Even going to turret mode for a better view only successfully gave me a better view of the hull of my ship before it gets blown up half of the time.The loading times going in and out of tactical mode killed me. I don't want the ship I’m in; I want to see the map so I can choose something else that’s you know, TACTICAL! But nope! I need to wait until the game allows me to do anything that I want to do. All the while I get to listen to the groaning of the game telling me that I can't do what I want.Maybe this game would be better with a sound track, who knows? I only heard 1 song, and when it ended, I did one final assault, lost everything, and rage quit. I hate to leave things half finished, and I paid good money for this game, but nothing is worth this much of a headache. Too bad it was a complete waste of my time and money."
76561198051375193,Recommended,259660,29212785,Posted: 12 January,all,Dot,"Основные моменты которые я отметил:+низкая цена игры.+простая, но приятная графика.+неплохой сюжет.+интересная концепция скрещивания стратегии и симулятора.-""Своеобразное"" поведение кораблей под управлением АИ. Корабли больше корветов имеет смысл использовать только в положении ""Do not engage"", иначе они просто разбредаются по карте.Широкие возможности модинга! Практически все параметры игры можно менять при помощи обычного текстового редактора, не обладая какими-то особыми знаниями.Разработчик весьма активен, с хорошим отношением к игрокам!"
76561198102269834,Not Recommended,259660,24804606,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"to be honest i was really disapointed, the controls are just aweful, ui is arma 2 insane and even worst, camera is just aweful and the rts screen is just really really hard to use........ oh and um really♥♥♥♥♥♥story :/"
,Not Recommended,259660,24961298,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Biscuit Lover,I did not like this game because of the boring gameplay and weird controls
76561198039024624,Not Recommended,259660,9069737,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,niftytrik,"The interface of this game is very clunky, and not  very intuitive. I spent a couple hours trying to become acclimated, and it was very frustrating. I like the art though, and the general concept. I just want it to be easier to interact with the game!!"
76561198045717508,Not Recommended,259660,14506807,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dremaus1911,most stupidest game iv ever seen
76561198096134536,Not Recommended,259660,14088579,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,averqwerty,The gameplay really tries to create a unique experience with 3rd person space combat but the controls are very poor.  I hope the developer adds the abillity to costomize controls as well as improves the function of the current mechanics. Right now i feel like it kills the experience.
76561198084999554,Not Recommended,259660,13561845,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Hawksex,Think I've just found out the WORST bug ever. I can't even get the game to start. I don't know if it's the devs updating or whatnot but it's so bad. I have to Ctrl-Alt-Del to exit the damned thing.Please tell me if I'm doing something wrong but I've tried redownloading it and restarting my computer.
76561197973581936,Not Recommended,259660,26705728,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Loading...,Vaporware...
,Not Recommended,259660,10625883,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TwitchingIntensifies 天国,The game need a free play mode and sandbox before I will ever like this game i saw it and it looked cool but there is only campaign make a freeplay mode and sandbox i will give a thumbs up and will actualy play it again
76561198023615429,Not Recommended,259660,10525987,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Castiel'sDad,It's good but you need better controls.
76561198112515531,Not Recommended,259660,9164142,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The Great D.P.S.S,controls are pianfull way to painfull fix it
,Not Recommended,259660,11193772,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Zipcouda,"Do not buy this game. It is not worth the money. I bought this game several months ago, and I have not been able to launch it correctly. Every time I reinstall I launch and it crashes. Only if you edit an audio file, which makes the sound disabled, can you actually play the game.Don't buy it, this bug has been here for a very long time with a horrible solution. Not worth a penny."
76561197992878920,Not Recommended,259660,9109575,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,jmaruss,Not a Very good game . Wish I didnt waste the money.
76561198011599745,Not Recommended,259660,8738342,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Hugh DePayne,"Game controls are hard to get a handle on, sometime in the middle of battle you lose control of the ship."
,Not Recommended,259660,15164865,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,RennZen,"I've changed the recommendation of the review several times now and my final conclusion is that the game is just too unpolished, clunky, and is overall a much too frusturating and disappointing experience. The difficulty spikes the game likes to throw at you aren't challenging in a legitimate sense; the game just likes to overwhelm you with poorly explained information or mechanics that is then accompanied by various gimmicks and hordes of enemy units. After i overcame them i didn't have a sense of accomplishment, i only thought to myself ""yay, i finally found a way to cheese this nonsense, or figured out how to X, now i get to do it again next level""...If you are looking to play more on the dogfighting side of things, you'll probably need to stick to the custom games; in the campaign you will be hard pressed to succeed managing a victory without your constant attention being devoted to a tactical overview.All in all, this game has a lot of potential that is beset upon by the various frusturating aspects, such as: poor controls, that ""clunky"" feeling, bugs, crashes,  and general lack of polish. An example of this is the upgrade on the Wardrum that shoots missile mines. If you shoot enough of them, it crashes your game..Who knows, maybe void destroyer 2 will meet that potential, but it isn't met here and the quality of the game just isn't there.6/10"
76561198123410247,Not Recommended,259660,9143248,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Owen HK-47,"Currently for me, this game is not playable. The mouse is VERY sensitive to the point that it move's on it's own.There is invisable wall's were I am supposed to go. And the gravity jump is very buggy and unresponsive. I hope you can get these bug's fixed in the near future."
,Recommended,259660,14291665,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Coldheart Jones,"good game, having lots of fun making hugh fleet fights"
,Recommended,259660,16515222,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,gnick666,"Great concept, but It feels like it's a bit unfinished... tons of fun though :)"
,Not Recommended,259660,16870458,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ayato Silvermane,"Only have one problem with this game... there are too many controls! I hooked up my xbox 360 controller hoping for an easier way to interact with the game but no dice, don't bother with this game if you are accustomed to maybe 14 buttons and a few combinations. Void Destroyer expects you to learn dozens scattered around the keyboard thus making the game frustrating for anybody who was looking to jump into the action rather then drive a flight simulator."
,Not Recommended,259660,16764139,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Senatorium,"A potentially good game unfortunately bedevilled by niggling problems that rob it of its fun. A poor UI makes it really tough to tell what's going on, particularly in combat. It's hard to tell who's close to you, who's shooting at you, who you need to be prioritizing going up against. The game's dark color palette and huge array of keyboard shortcuts exacerbate the confusion. Other poor decisions weigh down the entire game, particularly the decision to give you a Command Ship whose death instantly ends the game for you. The entire idea of manually taking control of ships is questionable when you're responsible for coordinating production, targeting, defense, and fleet coordination, and the dogfighting unfortunately most boils down to 'try to keep your reticule over the little circle that shows you where to shoot'.There's potential under here, and it's a particularly frustrating game because you want to like it. But it's hard to. In the end, I think you're much better off buying the Homeworld Remastered for your space RTS, and getting your dogfighting fix elsewhere."
,Recommended,259660,14202708,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Fluffy The Destroyer,"A mixture of space combat using newtonian physics and some RTS elements like building the stuff you need to completely annihilate the enemy using flametrowers in space. If that doesn't sound cool and awesome, you got a problem. The devs uses Cel Shading technique (a la Borderland) so those ships are designed lighting fast. It's a must buy"
76561198044592393,Recommended,259660,14128235,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kypho,Edit: Yes hard. Maybe its more for the RTS gurus.Makes ppl rage not just me LoL
76561197972381537,Recommended,259660,14182993,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,firemane (Lex),"A well executed space combat sim with a full RTS command interface.Highlights are:- Innovative ship design.- OMG, the secondary weapons!- Slow down time to issue commands.- Very decent storyline.- Skirmish mode.- First person, third person, or tactical map. You choose.It is a challenging game that will have you using your brain. Tons of commands, but tons of options. Not a shallow kiddie game."
76561198059916512,Recommended,259660,14186943,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,krade,"Great game, hard to understand. Lots of guides,  i like that, but, they lack real how-to info. Also, whats with the first few missions? Theres nothing you can do but watch them destroy the wardrum, then once i have a base nearly ready to take on the stubs, all of my resorces just *poof* gone... in less then a second and in the negitives no less. Now nothing i can do will pull me out of the negitives, like bank debt, nobody wants that sh|t in a game. - and my bases upkeep is 65 power 65 mat, my base makes 111 power and 85 mat, numbers still droping to negitive-"
76561198015011847,Recommended,259660,14189060,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,buechstabue,"This could easily become my most favourite game ever, I love the piloting, I love the RTS part, and the huge amount of rockets!"
76561198075588658,Recommended,259660,14134604,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ReverendPeaches,"A game that is both addicting and challenging. Most certainly not a casual game, you'd better have a plan and the ability to think on your feet if you're to survive. Strategy as a commander in conjunction with skills as a dogfighter will serve you well. Take this advice: If you're losing too often, take a deep breath. There IS a solution. Do the Portal strategy: Walk away, and let your brain obsess over the problem until you come back with an out-of-the-box solution.To my colorblind bretheren: I have it on very good authority that colorblind support is being looked in to; until then, I find a fleet-wide selection of units helps me figure out who's friend or foe."
