user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,259680,12838666,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,jcfranks87,"I don't play rogue-likes.That was my starting point with ToME(4), aka Tales of Maj'Eyal.  I'm not really a fan of the genre, though I am a fan of tactical RPGs.  It was only after some interesting comments on another game forum (Grim Dawn, great game, look it up) that I decided to give ToME a try.Unlike some other rogue-likes, ToME gives you the option to play softcore.  There are varying difficulty levels in addition to different degrees of 'rogue-like-ness' (multiple lives; from 1 to infinite).  The classes vary from basic and simple (Bulwark, Rogue, Archmage, etc) to surprisingly unique (Mindslayer, Oozemancer, Solipsist, etc).  The unlock system can be a pain, but it does encourage you to progress through the game, explore and play various archetypes.The lore is great; the world has been excellently crafted (imo).  While it doesn't read like a AAA novel, the depth of the backstory is pretty astonishing considering it's been done primarily by one man (props Darkgod).When it comes to the gameplay, everything is surprisingly newbie-friendly (for a rogue-like).  The UI is simple and easy, the controls are variable (keyboard and/or mouse, re-bindable) and the overly-complex item usage often found in the genre has been notably streamlined.The graphics are solid.   Now, take that with a grain of salt; this is a 2d game of tiles and sprites.  If you're anticipating something like Dragon Age, you're going to be disappointed.  I know that I was unpleasantly surprised.  That being said, it has definitely grown on me and it certainly gives enough information on what's happening.All that being said, this IS a roguelike.  You WILL walk around a corner/open a door/open a chest and get exploded.  Careful, cautious play is highly encouraged.Overall, if you find yourself wanting to try out a roguelike but finding they are a little too 'hardcore' for you, give ToME a try.  It's the only roguelike that I have found myself returning to, time after time."
76561197970750223,Recommended,259680,17599794,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Bowz,"I've never written a steam review before but TOME is so good that I have to chime in with my 2c. This is the first rogue-like game that I've ever played and I was extremely skeptical of the genre before giving TOME a try but I can honestly say that TOME is the best game that I've played in a very, very long time, and as a D&D nerd who grew up in the 80's, this game hits so many of the right notes from an RPG perspective that I have simply not been able to put it down since the summer sale and I've only played 2 out of the like 30 classes.The replay value is through the roof and the challenge is out of this world difficult, but like Dark Souls, it mostly feels very fair and does become more manageable as you get better at the game. I can't believe I only paid something like 2$ for this game as it is worth the price of a full AAA title easily. In fact, if I was a developer who had slaved away on a mediocre AAA title this game would make me seriously re-evaluate my life choices. As far as I can tell, this game was developed by one dude, and stands head and shoulders above so many titles that took 100+ people to create that it should serve as an inspiration to hobby game developers everywhere. I can't believe how good this game is, you have to buy it."
,Recommended,259680,14735537,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Winter Wolf,"[posted this initially on the 3rd but reviews were broken at that time.]I'll start this by telling you that I've been playing TOME since it was Tales of Middle Earth. That's right, originally it was based on Tolkien's work and was an offshoot of a long lineage of games directly related to Rogue, via Moria and then Angband. There was a middle variant in there at some point called Pernband.Some back story:At some point DarkGod (the main dev) decided to rewrite the client because the old angband client was full of spaghetti code and it became untenable. So came t-engine. Tome was then written as a module of T-engine (all made by DarkGod for no $$ I might add.)In Tome 3 there were Jedi!!! and other fun ideas but it was chaotic. Tome 3 was a mess, (Tome 4 was much cleaner.) But it was still pretty opaque as Roguelikes go. I would tinker with it, have fun with lost souls etc and then get bored. So I went the way of many players got involved in other games only came back periodically when I got a yen for playing with Lightsabers again. At some point, I noticed Tome 4 was progressing and downloaded and everything was different.Gone were most of the touches of the Angband and Tolkien worlds. You can still see a few here and there but TOME had become Tales Of Maj Eyal with an original story and a total reworking of the graphics and mechanics. On and off Ive done some beta testing (though my forums account from then was deleted more than once so I guess being inactive on the forums is a good way to get culled.)At some point I managed a couple of end games. I won once and once I sacrificed my guy (I still don't know why that doesn't count as a win...)Every time I came back more and more stuff was added and then I saw that they had finally made the leap to Steam. I wanted to buy it immediately because I believe in the game and the devs and why not support them? But I was reticent with all the other games I have and also had to wait for money to pay for it anyway.I probably should not have waited but I did and when I did finally get the steam version I was not disappointed with either the basic game or the DLC (which I had no previous knowledge of.)Divergent note that tangentially relates to this review:Bob Dylan has said on songwriting that if you can't change a song, if you can't mess with the words or change the arrangements it is dead and you should bury it. That is a paraphrase because I don't have the exact quote on hand. But this is how I feel about games. TOME is a living game, always changing.Many pay to play games are not. They merely make some stuff they took out initially available for DLCs when the wells run dry. TOME is not like those games. TOME is developed by a caring group of dedicated players and programmers who are making an epic play experience.Yes epic. You have a ton of races and classes which unlock as you play. Sometimes the unlock is just something you were going to do anyway but sometimes in true RPG fashion you have to investigate and figure out some puzzle or quest to get the unlock you want. And you can unlock them in something like 9 different modes. The game offers 50 levels of experience in whatever build combo you choose. As you learn more about classes and races you find yourself getting deeper into the decision making process and you realize you have many more choices than you will quickly be able to play with. This could take a long time. As is without any further changes. And the game changes from game to game so you may not always get an event or area you thought you might. And different play styles create vastly different approaches and in-game storylines.There was a lot of discussion when Maj'Eyal became the world of the game about how terribly difficult the game was (is) so now there are multiple modes for discovering the game. The most rewarding depends on your personality and proclivities as a gamer. You can play with Easy and Exploration and virtually never risk death, or you can unlock, insanity and madness modes and play only in true Roguelike fashion (1 life, though there are items you can find to hedge that bet.) Or you could play as I do on Normal with Adventurous. To each player their own. This is an innovation I wish more devs would think about. Multiple play modes for multiple types of players means more fun for everyone.The game has a few pit falls. It is deep so it is not hard to get into trouble if you are tired, hungry or bored. Don't do that. Play when you are fresh and excited and keep it that way. You won't complete it in a day. (The main quest line takes a minimum of 10 hours I think if you skip everything else and I highly recomend you don't do that.)You may also find that the game lore is hard to penetrate. This is partially due to writing style and partially because who wants to read so much of it? Yes you should read the lore the first time you encounter it at the very least. You may or may not glean valuable clues from it but if you need to you can go back to it later. Once you have unlocked certain features you will be able to access ALL of the lore you've ever seen as a player.You may notice that I am not giving a lot of specifics here because part of the fun of this game is playing it unspoiled. You can of course look stuff up or ask for spoilers if you aren't into all that.I will say the sound effects while fairly professional are not my cup of tea. I am not really a game sounds kind of player though. I typically turn sound off in games I play and I only checked them out in TOME out of curiousity. You might find them entertaining. Apparently, also there is music. Something I didn't check out. (I am an older guy with a very staid taste in music. If it isn't Classic Rock. Folk, Blues or Soul from the 60s-70s then it probably isn't on my mp3 player. Though I do enjoy more varied styles, when I am gaming that's mainly what I listen to.)I write all this mainly to enthuse about how much I am enjoying playing TOME again and want you to know it is worth every penny to buy it on steam.  The community addons alone make the game extremely customizable.Gandolfo in game chat, Winter Wolf on Steam."
76561198028939105,Recommended,259680,8024145,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,noboruwatanabe,"A traditional roguelike for the modern age. Amazing design, great class customization, extensive opportunities for theory-craft, huge replayability.I've been transfixed by this game for a long, long time. I can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,259680,12433312,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Speed,"That game can be described in one word: amazing.I mean, beside being such a complex game created and maintained by one dev, it has dozen of features and things that make it even better:- Humor. Dialogues, story, everything is filled with dark, hidden, or obvious humor. Even the achievements have sometimes the best names I've ever seen (""I cleared the room of death and all I got was this lousy achievement!"")- Death. You can probably die a thousand times differently.- Death (again). You can choose to have an amount of lives to spend, or you can go in full Roguelike-Permadeath-Nightmare/Madness difficulty, but in that game, you will die a lot, that's for sure.- Network. No multiplayer, but just a global chat, that also let you know when another payer achieves something, or DIES. So you know you're not alone.- MOD THAT GAME TO DEATH- You have so many classes and races to play as and to combine in the vanilla, you probably won't even know what to play anymore after you modded the game to death. There is probably a character-mod for every single creature in the game. There is even a mod that allows you to play as a TREE.- B*tch, I'm a Mega Turtle Storm Knight- The story is a big part of the game. TomE isn't a simple randomly-generated-try-or-die-exploring-maze Roguelike. It has continents, locations, races, people, events of the past, yeah, a story.- B*tch, I'm a Star Elf Paradox Mage- There are so many items, you don't know if it's possible to have something balanced in that. And a lot of the items have a story, and special abilities. Also, you're not limited, in terms of what you wanna wear. Wanna be a human mage that shoots fire with his sword ? Go ahead.- B*tch, I'm a Dwarf Arcane GladiatorI just love it.1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must play"
,Recommended,259680,8024747,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,King Cohort,"If you want to be a time lord and kill yourself with time paradoxes, make people explode with Giga AIDs, be a sleepmancer psychic, or be a dragon-man that eats monsters whole, boy do I have the game for you! It's a modernized, simple-to-learn hard-to-master roguelike with an addicting unlock system that gives you more character options (races, classes, spell trees, etc.) as you play, even if you suck♥♥♥♥♥ You can even try it for free before you buy it. But you should totally buy this because 6 bucks for the replay value TOME has is a better deal than your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 6 dollar burger at Five Guys. PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME"
,Recommended,259680,32480254,Posted: 16 June,all,always silent 161,This is the best game I've ever played in my life
,Recommended,259680,8025763,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Paycho,"I bought tales of Maj'Eyal way WAY back when it was still in beta, long before Greenlight was around. It was worth my $10 then, and it was absolutely worth another $6 now. It's an absolutely fantastic game that is probably the best Roguelike I've ever played. There's tons of depth, lots of great classes, a great campaign - I've sunk probably hundreds of hours on it already. Every game is different/fun/exciting in a new way. There's enough difficulty options to tune it for any person of any skill level, and even experienced veterans of the game will find plenty of additional challenges after they've finished the main campaign once or twice."
76561197962010396,Recommended,259680,12680283,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kim Jong Unchained,"Good roguelike, technically an evolution of the old Tales of Middle Earth Angband variant but you won't notice unless you've played the old ToME.  It's quite forgiving for the genre.  It's not nearly as spoiler-heavy as Nethack or ADOM, and while it doesn't have the same ""transparency"" as Dungeon Crawl, it tends to be a little easier.  There is a multiple-life ""adventure"" mode which can be turned off.  There are essentially no consumables in the game; the roles typically filled by these are instead unlimited-use abilities subject to cooldowns after use.One interesting feature is that if you log in to play, there is an in-game chatroom.  The online population rarely reaches above 200, so the chatroom isn't actually too cluttered.  I have frequently seen developers online answering questions/taking bug reports.This game is available for free on the developer's website, but there is one class and a few other minor features that are only available in the paid version."
,Recommended,259680,17013000,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,zsd,"I used to be a gamer. I don't know if it's possible to still be a gamer and only play one game, but this is all I play now. Help."
,Recommended,259680,32260069,Posted: 7 June,all,marty.66,"Overall this is a very good game with a lot of depth and some very fun well designed classes that said its not without its problems,Partially I take issue with the perma death mechanic. I tend to like games with permadeath as far as rougelike games go. Nethack is amazing a gritty survival game and every playthrough is unique and you feel fragile and human through out it. ToMEs playthroughs all start roughly the same and get better 10/15 levels in. Those first 10 levels are a slog after you have done it a couple of time. Pouring 10 hours into a character then getting a clumsy death when you are on you last life is pretty painful because you have to restart with the same plot, with the same dungeons, and often with the same unique item drops. It becomes uninviting.Exploration mode you say then.. but that has no penalty taking away the tension completely. You need a middle mode between exploration and adventure, perhaps losing all your items (bar the three stocked in your box) for a continue? Or at least gaining a life after a major boss. If you pour 10,15,20 hours before dying its a huge time investment and its very punishing. Particularity because the early game is relatively dull. More choice and divergent paths in the early game might help.After a death you pretty much have to play with a different class (which are all brilliantly designed and play fluidly with so many build styles changing gameplay/strategy considerably) and it can take awhile to get to grips with how that class functions often this can result in silly deaths. Which is the bizarre thing that you have to play a class to have a good idea of how you want to build it, but due to the time commitment you would rather restart with a different class then master one.Basically if you have a lot of time to try the different classes and get good go for it! The amount of depth in the character builds is staggering with some really awesome stuff. (I love the time manipulation ones which you can really mess around with placements and divide and pool enemies together) but all of them offer valid play styles, from adaptable to min-maxing synergies. The depth of build is the real core strength of this game and trying a new class is what makes you play again after a bad beat. There are very little games with this much content and its a lot of value for money.Pros:Intelligent strategic gameplayHuge choice of classes and viable builds within classes offering dozens of different play-stylesChallenging game play and while your character improves to godly levels it remains challangingEnormous amount of content and most of it at a surprisingly high qualityInteresting and engaging mechanics which meaningfully change the game with different classes.Cons:Same starting areas get sameyPunishing consecutive mistakes. 5 bad minutes can destroy a 15 hour playthroughWeak overwritten lore has potential but is wordy and unengaging with hard to believe motivations between groupsSome bugs that need ironing outSome mechanics are poorly explained and pretty unclear.Not really a game that is forgiving to people with a job/relationship/other interests huge time sink with very little value outside of its mechanicsWould I recommend? Absolutely. Very few games this good at this price range play a few times get some decent playthroughs going then put it down and maybe pick it up again later."
,Recommended,259680,9936073,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Fengren,- Permadeath: check- Randomized dungeons: check- Turn-based tactics: check- Tons of classes: check- Being able to control time: check- Ability to become a Pokemon Master: check- Undead Sun Paladins: check- Stupid insta-kill mages: checkInferior roguelites can go suck ToME's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING PLAY DIS GAME ALREADY
76561197978110919,Recommended,259680,30234893,Posted: 27 February,all,Surely Thou Jest,"Tales of Maj'Eyal or ToMe brings me back to ye olden days of turn-based roguelikes like Castle of the Winds. Curerntly I have around 850 hours and keep coming back to ToMe from time to time. For its simple sprites and tiles, this game has a crazy amount of depth in combat and character building, and each playthrough always has its own flavor. Sometimes those flavors can be quite bitter, as the world of Maj'Eyal can be a deadly place to the impatient or the overconfident. A few pros and cons:Pros:- ToMe is difficult, but as you learn the game you'll do better every time- Every playthrough is unique! Different zones, uniques or orange loot, events and side quests with every character!- Great character customization! 10 races, >20 classes, each with several talent paths to choose. Even more with DLC- Full of lore! Every zone, item, and boss has a story behind it.- Loads of information is available to you. Can look up enemies skills, saves, resistances, etc. Nothing is hidden!- Great mod support! Make your own race or class, with blackjack! And hookers!Cons:-Some classes are little weaker compared to others, especially the starting classes.-Game engine kinda bogs down when zones get really crowded , or while saving-Rare mobs basically roll different class skillsets, so some rares can be quite insane with certain unlucky combinations-A playthrough can be as long as a full DnD campaign.-RNG is a cruel mistress sometimes"
,Recommended,259680,19491791,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,deerbutt,"This is the sort of game that makes you think:""Why aren't more games like this?"""
76561198133251638,Recommended,259680,30857301,Posted: 31 March,all,Larry_Nesko,"I love this game.  Until yet another of my lovingly, painstakingly crafted characters die.  Which happens a lot.  And then I hate it with a passion.  My blood boils.  I bark profanities.  I rage at the unfairness of it all.  I slam my fists down and swear that I'll never play this crappy cheating killfest of a game ever again.  And I sulk.  I pout.  Maybe I pound down a half gallon of ice cream.  I curl up in a fetal ball and weep a bit, wondering if I'll ever find a game that doesn't treat me so badly.Then I play some other rouguelike for a while.  But it's not the same.  I think wistfully of the good times.  The robust character creation.  The dynamic levelling.  The intriguing quests.  I suppose it wasn't all the game's fault.  I played my part, after all.  But I can't go back.  It will only hurt me again.  Or will it?So I crawl back on my hands and knees like the sucker I am and beg to be taken back.  Why?  Because I love this game.  And you will, too.  Until you die.   Which will happen a lot."
,Recommended,259680,13911818,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Anti-Bully Ranger Pin-chan,"So hard, I had to chill out with a casual game(Dark Souls) after I beat it."
,Recommended,259680,14943351,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,crab,"This is it.This is, in my opinion, the best roguelike on the market. ToME is an incredibly deep and strategic RPG/roguelike which takes place in an insanely lore-rich world of classic high fantasy.The game is strategic in that time moves in ""turns"", meaning time ceases to move between actions or movements. This allows you to carefully plan each action, rather than requiring twitch reflexes. If you want fast paced action, look elsewhere. Animation is minimal, yet the graphics are extemely charming, and convey quite clearly everything that is happening.Character creation is rich, deep, and super flexible, albeit extremely complex. I've played the same class a million times, but the result is always different depending on how I lay out the stats and skill points, which is probably my favorite part. I am constantly finding fun and oddball builds which get a million times farther than I expect. If you like making characters for tabletop rpgs you'll love this♥♥♥♥♥♥The difficulty is pretty brutal, but it always feels fair. There are ways to turn this down for chickens, or up farther for masochists and vets. As you play, you get better at making characters and becoming better at survival. But there are a TON of things to unlock too. There are different classes, races, and starting items to unlock in addition to ""campaigns"", which are essentially different game modes. If you get bored of adventuring around the continent, turn on endless dungeon mode. Tired of that? Arena mode is a blast too.Basically, this game is insanely fun, super challenging (and therefore rewarding), and the world is written with a very tasteful degree of seriousness. Humor can be found in dialogue but it is subtle and never breaks the immersion (no memes thank the lord.)If you enjoy roguelikes and don't have this game, do yourself a favor and cop it! If you like it, go get that dlc too. My best character so far has been a halfling doombringer. if that doesnt convince you I dont know wat will"
76561198082299598,Recommended,259680,27907800,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MasterThief,"If i had to choose one game out of my library to keep and erase the others,it would be ToME.Edit: Finally completed the game on normal roguelike after 800+ hours, yes i'm a masochist.Nightmare mod here i come!10/10 Would be a masochist again."
76561198048623723,Recommended,259680,16581692,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Skynred,"So... it took me 63 hours to finally manage to beat the game in Normal/Adventure mode for the first time. Now it's time to write a review... wait, gotta buy the DLC first... including the one that doesn't do anything, to support the dev. I felt like a criminal for how much I paid for ToME from the start...Ok, done. Now... where was I?Oh, the review. I paid 10 times more (each) for 2 or 3 games during summer sale than I paid for Maj, just a couple of days before getting it. What happened was I didn't play any of the others (AAA stuff) once after I started ToME, and now I'm writing this review while thinking about what class to play next.If you haven't played any game like this one before, and by looking at the screenshots feel like it doesn't look (literally) good enough for you, keep in mind that the point is: while it doesn't have the fancy, modern graphics, it does right everything most games these days do wrong-- everything that makes it a GAME is great.I'll try to keep it short:Roguelike - It is, but on Adventure mode you get about 7 lives (+some items you may find that can resurrect you once). You can go hardcore, 1-life Roguelike if you want.Races/Classes - Several of them, unlockable. I'm still missing 5. They are very different from each other, with many different and interesting skill trees. You gotta put some thinking into figuring out what you are gonna make and how you are going to build it.Items - Diablo-like, random drops and attributes, different rarity and tier levels. You feel the thrill of finding good loot. Lots of uniques too. You can stash them and retrieve with another/new character, boosting them hard on your future playthroughs. Just 3 at a time tho, which is annoying, but you can re-do it as many times as you want and so distribute any number of items between your dudes.Map/Dungeons - Always the same dungeons, but spawning on random locations across the map and with randomized interiors. Some minor events and sub-dungeons are also randomly generated.Quests - Not a lot of them, always the same, but some are very interesting and give nice rewards.Lore - LOTS of lore scrolls to be found, telling the game's universe story. I didn't read them, I never do, I don't have the patience, but if you like immersing yourself a bit deeper, you won't have a problem with that.Elite/Rare/Unique/Boss Monsters - These are the ones who usually take those 7 lives away from you... along with the rare multihued wyrms... and magic wielders... and map encounters...  and everything else if you are a Mage.Gameplay - You gotta build your character right, position yourself right, pay attention, have an escape plan... some parts are really though until you get a good hang of the game-- which is great, and a good part of the fun.Graphics/Sound - They work perfectly, the visual effects are nice and the music is pretty good.Bugs/Crashes - I got 3 in 63 hours. Fixed a ""0 turn duration skill"" by going back to the main menu and then continuing the game, fixed both crashes by clicking ""Close"" on the in-game dump note. I had to kill one of my temporal hounds on the second one though, otherwise the dumps kept coming, but it was easily fixed.This is a great game, awesome cost/benefit. I'm usually skeptical about old-school graphics, but they don't take anything away from ToME, and this baby does very well what most modern games screw up - the part that really matters.And now... I'm going Paladin next. To see if I can get that holy gentleman past the freaking Master...EDIT:My paladin died on the last boss fight. I'm still mourning him... or rather all the items he took along to his grave. I hope he is in hell... forever...Doombringer, the DLC class, is awesome.I also found out I'm not man enough to face the Atamathon.On the downside, Temporal Hounds always end up glitching somehow (and Time Warden is the s**t, my best dude). I had to edit and repack some of the game's files to fix one of them. It worked, but required some effort. And now, doing the Prides on Nightmare with that very same TW, the game began freezing hard, forcing me to reopen it to keep going every 20 minutes or so.So... avoid Temporal Hounds if you can. I can't, I like puppies. On the other hand, I didn't have any problems whatsoever with the other classes... my summoner (who spawned a lot more stuff than 3 dogs) worked fine until he got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by The Master."
,Recommended,259680,19799760,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,merfab76,"Certainly of the best roguelikes available, you can't bypass this game if you like the genre. A quick review of its pros/cons :+ amazing choice  of classes, each with a very different gameplay+ 3 different game modes : story, arena, infinite dungeons (the last 2 are to unlock by playing the 1st)+ 5 different difficulties, and 3 ways to play : exploration (infinite lives), adventure (finite number of lives), roguelike (1 life)+ old-school graphics, slightly ""enhanced"", which usually do a wonderful job+ nice background music, for the most part+ very deep and smart system, with tons of modifiers, stats and talents to look after+ you can play it as slowly or as fast as you want+ playable with mouse only, keyboard only, or a mix of both, as you wish+ functional and scalable UI+ tons of lore if you're into reading ;)- some graphic tiles are a little messy (thinking of the glittering caves, or whatever they're called, for example), making some dungeons a bit tough to ""read""- the UI, while overall nice, could be better : overalapping texts, annoying popups, and item comparisons which are frequently a mess to analyse- do NOT buy this game if you're looking for an easy 100% achievements :D There are 1395 achievements, most of them require to play at least 9 times, and they don't fall that easily, most of the time (case in point : I have 91 achievements after 67 hours of game time, lol). These obviously could have be done better, like for example automatically unlock lesser difficulties ones when you achieve one (what's the point of doing the same achievement on normal if you just got it on insane ?)- a few crashes (mostly when starting a new game or loading one, strangely : I don't remember having a crash while in game)- it is possible to get stuck : on my last infinite dungeons run, I ended up in a ""corner"" where the door disappeared (on purpose) and the walls were not diggable. As I had not found any teleportation means yet, my only option was to suicide (target my talents at myself). If it was on ""roguelike"" mode, it would have been a game over.You can get hundreds, if not thousands, of hours of playtime with this game, if it appeals to you, without ever being bored. Personnally, I'm a bit burnt out after nearly 70h, but I'll probably come back to it later, if I ever find the time.Not only recommended, but almost mandatory for every gamer who likes rpgs, dungeon crawlers or roguelikes :)"
76561198013583708,Recommended,259680,8149078,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ric,"If you possess the following:-A passion (not just an enjoyment) for roguelikes and/or tactical RPGs-Lots of patience-A beard and/or hair on your chest (for women)-The ability to accept perma-death without whining about the loss of your Mary Sue fan-fiction character that you jerk off to-The thirst for loot that's actually interesting, as opposed to your average ""Flaming shaft of the pie-thrust +4"" type lootThen buy this and prepare to watch time vanish faster than Julliane Moore's clothes."
,Recommended,259680,32094688,Posted: 31 May,all,Krawll,How the hell can I have 326 hours on record and still know so little about this game!? 10/10
76561198063796400,Recommended,259680,8629407,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,casta_03,"Have you ever bought a game you were unsure about, & quickly found yourself with buyer's remorse?  Yeah, we've all been there before.  Anyway, this game was the exact opposite of that.  Not too long after I purchased ToME on steam, I learned that there's a free version you can get from the website, & that what you see here is a 'premium' version that's also availble to donators.  Meanwhile, I don't regret a single penny I spent here.I'm somewhat new to roguelikes, & more preferred the fluff of swords & sorcery.  What you've got here is a graphically simple single-player turn-based tactics-style rpg.  Different modes include one life, multiple lives based on level, & infinite lives to learn how to play.    Certain features are unlocked with different achievements, including specific classes, races, &, oddly enough, redheads.  Every class I've tried has been a new experience, promotes a different style of play, &, most importantly, has been fun.The support is amazing; every issue or bug I've faced has been addressed, worked on, & fixed in less time than it takes for me to get ahold of a real person on most customer support lines.  The player base is helpful with in-game questions.  Oh, & the game's creator has a fun habit of giving out random buffs or extra dungeons to everyone online when he's feeling squirrelly.Overall, I'd have to say this has been one of the most satisfying game purchases I've made on steam,  or anywhere, for that matter."
,Recommended,259680,8025438,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Remvaras,Best in class roguelike. Been playing for years.It's refreshing to see games like this find a place on the steam platform.
76561198009800914,Recommended,259680,12435369,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Coaldrone,"Tales of Maj'Eyal (TOME) is a viciously addictive roguelike adventure which contains a number of key features that both improve the gaming experience overall and crucially distances itself from other run-of-the-mill roguelikes. It is 2D and turn based, preferring gameplay and depth over graphical wizardry.One important distinction between TOME and other roguelikes is the lack of emphasis on procedural generation. TOME actually has a plot, one that spans continents and the void between worlds, a story of darkness, magic and of course world domination. Throughout each playthrough, the story is the same, albeit with some slight alterations/additions depending on the actions you take and the starting class you select. There is a world map, and the major story locations do not change. Although the layout of each dungeon is procedurally generated, this is not empasised as a selling point of the game - it is merely a tool used to highlight the other qualities this game possesses. And boy are there a lot of qualities.First and foremost - the character classes. Good luck finding a more comprehensive, deep and exciting set of classes in any other roguelike, or any other GAME for that matter. TOME has over 15 of these, ranging from the stalwart Bulwark to the insidious Shadowblade to the righteous Sun Paladin, TOME has you covered for any kind of playstyle you wish to try. Each class then has a vast array of talent branches to follow, and the branches you choose to develop will essentially create a subset of the class you have chosen. The customisation possibilities are massive, resulting in a lot of replayability and tactical flexibility.Combat is a highly tactical turn based affair, with a strong emphasis on positioning, cooldowns, and your innate knowledge of your own abilities versus your opponent's. Once within your view, every enemy you encounter can be right-clicked on to view their statistics, abilities (passive and active) and resistances. There are no consumables in TOME. The use of each of your skills and items works on a cooldown system, and managing these cooldowns effectively will make the difference between you slaying a boss or becoming a small stain on a tower floor.And believe me, the latter will happen far more often than the former if you're not prepared, because TOME is HARD. Hard as in one-hit-kill hard. Hard as in the game gives you 3 options - Rogulike (1 life), Adventure (gain lives as you level up) and Exploration (infinite lives) - and taking the Roguelike option early on will result in tears. Hard as in some of the more powerful enemies in the game are comprised of two separate random character classes, and God help you if you face one with two even remotely synergistic classes under its belt.And to be honest, if there's one thing that drives me nuts about TOME, it is the difficulty. No doubt this makes me a console casual, but I'm serious. The difficulty of TOME is not embedded within the general gameplay, such as a game like Dark Souls, but rather in its frightening inconsistency of enemy threat. The existence of enemies with randomly combined abilities, together with the fact that there are over 10 different damage types (Fire Cold Darkness Light Mind Temporal Blight Nature bleh) means that at some point (normally after you've spent 10 minutes breezing through a horde of useless trash mobs) you will suddenly bump into a Godlike terror that sends you screaming into the abyss of death with a single, sloppy blink, simply due to having the perfect storm of resistances, abilities and relative level that results in a big tick in the Rekt column. Despite my affection for this wonderful, deep and mechanically interesting game, it is also by far the game I have rage-quitted the most.TL:DR Version....Good - Excellent character classes, tactical combat and involving storyline.Bad - Insane difficulty spikesOverall - if you enjoy a good tough roguelike, you should already have this game!"
76561197961358764,Recommended,259680,33054963,Posted: 30 June,all,dstiles,"10/10 - Best Roguelike I've ever played.1. DEPTH - This game is the holy grail of roguelikes, a hidden diamond in the rough -- if you like the roguelike genre at all and don't have this game, buy it immediately. The depth is insane and best of all it manages to break out of the ""fantasy"" cliché of classes while still maintaining core principles of a turn based roguelike. Some of the concepts are so foreign that you won't initially understand the mechanics and you're like ""what the actual #$%& does this do"", but once you learn the mechanics they add a whole new layer of fun to the game that's all but lost in games today.2. MECHANICS - It's like nothing you've ever seen. Each class and race is eerily unique in several ways and is filled with all kinds of new and interesting ideas. “Wait, I can melee with mind abilities?”3. ITEMIZATION - Lots of gear, lots of stats, lots of resist types, lots of damage types, lots of status effects, lots of ""hmmm I wonder if this piece is better"" or ""I really should put these points into health, but I can't say no to more damage and if I kill them fast, they can’t hurt me! Right?""  Changing gear usually requires a compromise of offense, defense and knowledge of what your character can handle.4. CHALLENGE - Took me ~85 gameplay hours to beat the game on Normal, I probably lost 20-30 characters before successfully winning. It's possible that I'm just really bad, but I like to think the game is just really challenging. Also, the beginning of the game is not easy, it's quite difficult; I remember thinking ""Wow I just died 3 times in the first starting zone.""5. SKILLS - A huge variety of skills, trees, opportunities and playstyles. This makes for fun and inventive combos, skill synergy and interesting deaths. ""Hellll yeah I got a skill that lets me move through walls, oh #$%! I just suffocated in the wall.""6. MONSTERS - A massive monster variety, each time you play you'll start to notice the different monster types, their skills, strengths and weaknesses. On higher difficulties, it's extremely important to know what you're going up against to get that next level advantage. “OHHHH #$%* another necromancer.”7. ACTIVE DEV & COMMUNITY - Active development on the game, balance patches, new classes, races, and content (DLC). The community is great, can be very helpful and from my experience non-toxic (I guess we're not call of duty scrubs). As a bonus, every now and then you'll see messages from the DarkGod (DEV) who bestows you with some random buff for ""absolutely no reason.""8. DEATH - You will die a lot. You will rage. You will learn from your mistakes. You will make the same mistakes again, die, and rage more. You will lose multiple lives to the same monster because you’re too stubborn to choose the “safe” option when talking to the ghost lady after you die. You will switch to another class because the one you were playing before felt 'weak' and this other class has GOT to be better, but then later go back to the first class because you now understand that it's really strong and you were just bad. You will die to the first boss in the first zone ON NORMAL and come to some inevitable realizations about how the game is meant to be played. You’ll say to yourself -- ""WELP that guy just 1 shot me for 1565 blight damage, when I only had 923 heath good to know I stood a chance; probably should have more than 11% blight resist.""9. JUST BUY THE GAME - If you've read up to here you could have already lost 2 characters in the addicting, adrenaline fueled, unforgiving journey to save Maj’Eyal."
76561198000206086,Recommended,259680,8024508,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Vikish,"Amazing rogue like game. There are tons of classes and race options that make for countless adventures in Maj'Eyal. The customazation and decision making allow for highly customized characters. I'm so glad to see this game make it to steam, and can't wait to see what they do in the future with planned expansion campaigns and areas. If you like rogue like games at all, this one is a treasure."
,Recommended,259680,24985377,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Thordlar The Mystic,"You want this game. Trust me, you do.Not convinced? Alright. Before I get into anything, you don't even have to take my word for it. Go to the te4 website and play the game for free. Yes, the full game, minus donator features which are in no way necessary. But you'll want to donate anyway, because it's that good of a game. (Trust me)Are you a fan of Roguelikes? What are you doing? How have you not played this yet? For shame.Not a fan or never really played traditional roguelikes? Well then...I bought this game in December of 2014. I've played well over 300 hours since then and still play it regularly. How many games do you own can you honestly say you play regularly two years after buying it?And I still haven't nearly seen everything. I've beaten the game *once* on normal roguelike in that time. Yes, it's a difficult game.I see a number of reviews complaining that the combat is simplistic and that you either steamroll over things or die. Well, if you approach something that you can't steamroll over as if you can and don't attack strategically, ya, it's going to kill you. The world is dangerous and death is around every corner. Be prepared.There will be scenarios where you can't be prepared and you will experience 'cheap' deaths. Such is the nature of roguelikes. Anything can happen. Just roll a new character and let the fun begin again. You'll get used to doing that.If you're not someone who's attracted by the idea of permanant death, don't worry, there are options for multiple, or even infinite in the donator/steam version, lives. That combined with many difficulty levels, you'll surely be able to find the difficulty that's right for you.Trust me. If you like roguelikes, fantasy, stratagy, turnbased combat, adventuring, death, worldsaving, kitties, angry orcs, god-slaying cephalopods, more death, achievements, vacuums that suck up your free time, or fun, you'll like this game. Trust me. It's got all of these in plenty.*Still* not convinced? Ok, like I said, go try it for *free* fromte4.org.Or you can trust me. You won't regret it. It's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,259680,19452372,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BadScrappy,"My past week in a nutshell:Cool, new game! Let's try it!...5 Hours later...You Died!That was fun, let's try the other classes!...8 Hours later...You Died!Well.You Died!YOU!You DIed!GOTTA!You Died!BE!You Died!*Rage intensifies*...70 Hours in...Okay this run is going well, I may just make it to the-*<enemy> hits you for 1000000000 damage*You Mad?...*Intensity intensifies*-------------------------------------------------------This game is not for everyone. If this isn't your type of game you will find it average at best. However, if you are lucky enough to be this game's target audience, prepare to lose hours of your life everyday, because this game is similiar to Sid Meier's Civilization series but instead of ""just one more turn"" it's gonna be ""just one more playthrough."""
,Recommended,259680,12619922,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,lavaflyer,Tales of Maj'Eyal (ToME4) is a fantastic take on the modern rogue-like. The developer made smart design choices like getting rid of unnessary potions and hunger mechanics . This really helps to streamline the rogue-like genre. Tack on it's intricate class and character progression systems and you've got a unique and fun game that keeps you coming back for more.
,Recommended,259680,31916241,Posted: 23 May,all,btonasse,"A quick disclaimer: when checking reviews of a game on Steam, the most important thing I look for is not whether a reviewer gave it a  thumb up or down, but the number of hours he has spent actually playing the game. Never trust a positive review from a guy saying ""this is the best game ever"" but has only 5h playing it. So many games look great at first, only to be forgotten in a week or two.Now, take a look at some of the reviews for this game. There are people with over a 1,000 hours of ToME behind them. This says a lot about the game's depth, replayability and just sheer fun factor.I've been a fan of roguelikes for a long time now (maybe for over 15 years? who knows?), and this is hands down the best one I've ever played. The designer knew what to focus on instead of flooding the game with half-implemented features that end up taking away from the fun of the game. There is no hunger, consumables etc. Heck, even crafting was only added in a recent DLC, and even then it's only a small detail.So what is there that it has? The best and most creative class-system ever seen in an RPG game, together with a great tactical combat system, with enemies potentially having access to the same skills as the player. I mean, in this game you can be a chronomancer and one of your skills called ""See the threads"" allow you to play the same X turns three times and then choose the best thread to make it ""reality"". Another class literally possesses mobs and uses their own powers. Every class is very unique and plays very differently. The unique items that can drop are also very cleverly designed, giving you unique and fun powers and not just being a pumped-up version of a normal item with the name in a different color.Other than that, the game is very hard, which can be frustrating for some, but there are many permadeath options for the less hardcore players out there. The lore is also very rich, even though lore is not really something I care about in these games.The only downside I can think of are the graphics, which are just bad. No one expects AAA graphics from a roguelike, but ToME just looks kitsch."
,Recommended,259680,15071125,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Scary Monster,"I hate roguelikes. I like difficult games but roguelikes are the antithesis of fun to me. I hate losing my progress, I hate not being able to save scum, I hate dying and losing the feeling of satisfaction just when my character is starting to get somewhere. That being said, I am in love with Tales of Maj'Eyal. It's (shockingly) a roguelike turn-based RPG with varying levels of roguelikeness. For example, when I die - and I die a lot - I choose to start over at level 1 with the same character rather than make an entirely new one every time.At first glance it looks like some college kid's freshman project, but the UI is clean and has all the information you need without seeming overwhelming. The writing is often hilarious and the lore is deep and engaging. Character sheets, stats, and numbers make me gibber and hyperventilate, so if that's your thing prepare to pore over your character until your eyes bleed. The world has a surprising amount of depth with many races and political/social dynamics between them. At 7 bucks it's really a no-brainer if you like RPGs or turn-based combat; it's definitely one of the best games I'd played in the genre."
,Recommended,259680,28679679,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,YK,"This game does some things that push it above other roguelikes in terms of fun:1) Interface is very player-friendly compared to most roguelikes. You can pretty much play the game with just your mouse if you want to.2) The player character is actually decently powerful at the very start. You can one-shot vermin and easily take down wild animals. It's not like most roguelikes where the player will probably get butchered by random crab. You'll only die to huge swarms of enemies or powerful unique enemies.3) The world is significantly less random than in other roguelikes. The actual structure of dungeons are randomized, but the dungeons' content and locations are chosen from a fairly short list.Basically - The game is closer to being a normal RPG than most roguelikes, and it's more fun because of that."
,Recommended,259680,22801837,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Seb Toombs,"cons ... Not great Graphics... not Many Animations... Hard to stop playing (Just one more go please, on more dungeon then bed)Pros... Runs on a potatoe... Very Deep complex game play... A superb real, major Rogue... like a turn based diablo (only with much deeper gameplay, tactics and skills)... nearly hundred hours and haven't beaten it on normal... no one cares about graphic when a game is THIS GOOD... Tons of replay, tons of skills, loot, lore, classes, races and over 1500 achievements!... Very dedicated developer - please support him!....  99/100  DONT EVEN WAIT FOR A SALE ITS AWSOME!"
76561198025535600,Recommended,259680,35062888,Posted: 19 September,all,Monk,"In Tales of Maj'Eyal, you will do the following:-Spend the first 200 hours learning how to not die.-Open treasure chests-Die-Get one-shotted by the boss class monster that spawned out of the treasure chest-Open more treasure chests-Die-Slay dragons-Die-Rescue Damsels-Unlock new classes for no apparent reason-Travel the worldAnd much, much more!200 hours in and I still haven't beaten the game. And I thought Dark Souls was hard."
76561198058884623,Recommended,259680,16116351,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Arician,"I have played rogue likes for years, poured thousands of hours into them. The is one thing I can say about Tome. It is by far the best I have played. The difficulty is perfect on standard settings, making you feel challenged without feeling cheap, nearly every time you die you can go back and look at why. Usually debuffs or a lack of resistances. It makes builds often be fluid as you level around what you need and what you equipment provides. Higher difficulties provide and even bigger challenge, whilst still feeling fair, your decisions have to be on point, a wrong move can mean death. The unlocks are numerous and range from races and classes to little cosmetic changes. If you enjoy roguelikes, I highly reccomend this game, if you're new to roguelikes I think this is a perfect place to get aquainted with them"
,Recommended,259680,23226105,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Anhedonia,"There is little point in writing a review for this game and even less in reading one. A nearly full version of the game is freely available from the game developer's site atte4.org. If you enjoy the game (which I'm sure that you will), then you can buy it to unlock the last few features. If it isn't your cup of tea (you monster), then you are none the poorer.I'll go ahead and write my pointless review, though. I have nothing better to do with my life.Tales of Maj'Eyal (TOME) is a quirky, old roguelike that has seen a few iterations. Once “Tales of Middle Earth” it has morphed, refined, and evolved over the years stripping out the Tolkien story elements and replacing them with quasi-World of Warcraft story elements. It's still changing and improving, new patches are always under development.I am ambivalent about the story. I like that there are no REAL bad guys, nor faultless heroes, everyone is just looking out for themselves and their own. Even the demons have legitimate gripes and may in fact be right. On the other hand it's all rather shallow, and borrows a little too heavily from WoW. Elves toy with magic out of their league, blow up planet and shattering continents, some elves turn into naga, a group of humans are trapped on another continent hounded by orcs, where have I heard this before? Player motivation is limited to “Maybe there is treasure there?” and “I heard a rumor about this place, maybe there I can murder something?”Honestly though, who plays a roguelike for the story? Gameplay is where TOME shines and why it is probably my favorite game right now. TOME is a self-declared “tactical roguelike”. You'll need to carefully manage cooldowns and move around the battlefield to survive. Some of the bosses can really tax your ability to juggle offensive and defensive spells.There are many classes to try, no two of whom play the same. Some classes are great at jumping on opponents and soaking damage, others can dance around the battlefield dodging arrows and picking enemies off one at a time. Even the mages have a great variety, from the long range nuking elemental Archmage to the short range heal-and-shield celestial Anorithil.This game also sports a massive amount of mods and player content. People have created new classes, races with unique starting areas, and additional quests. Check out the steam workshop but also the developer's site, as some people only post their mods there.My biggest gripe is that the game is a little too random. There are too many stats and most of them are worthless to any given character. Multiple times I've gotten to mid-game without finding any useful gear, either from drops or shops. Rares, opponents with player abilities, and random bosses can be obscenely powerful, some can't even be killed and you have to run away from them.As for the DLC they are both great additions and should be purchased. One warning, the new classes added to the game can make certain rares really tough if you don't know how to handle them. The Embers of Rage campaign is a sequel to the base game and might spoil some of the story for you. I recommend buying the base game first and purchasing the DLC once you have beaten the game at least once."
,Recommended,259680,16424682,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Trofast,Filled a void in me I didn't knew existed.
,Recommended,259680,30382639,Posted: 7 March,all,LOUD CLOUD ☁,"NetHack on steroids.Absolute labor of love, and it shows."
,Recommended,259680,25047124,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Titiontot,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a roguelike in its best possible form. Assuming you're familiar with roguelikes, ToME's main draw is its combat. Whereas games like Angband, Nethack and the like have a lot of focus on navigating the dungeons and managing your items, ToME sets itself apart from other RLs through its tactical approach to combat.In ToME, every class is absolutely loaded with skills and abilities. Passive perks, active spells, buffs and the like. There's a class for everyone and a lot of fun to be had with them, and combined with the races you've got a lot of potential for characters. You could play a Berserker and cut people down through your bloodlust, an Alchemist who crafts potions and bombs on the fly to tear apart a crowd, or a Paradox Mage and change the perspective through the manipulation of spacetime itself. Each class has tons of abilities and skill trees, and you can invest into specific types of abilities (say I wanted to focus on grappling instead of one-handed skills) to suit your tastes or your needs for that situation. Combat is a matter of knowing when to use your abilities and resource management. Using an ability puts it on a cooldown and uses up a certain percentage of a turn. Some abilities don't take any time at all, some may use up your entire turn. Each one has a different range, a different effect and a different cost. Summoning skeletons, controlling minds, throwing enemies across the room, and stopping time are among the many abilities you can learn within the game.Ability costs are an important element. Early classes such as Mages and Warriors may use mana, which is about as straightforward as it gets. The more advanced professions may use alternative resources such as Hate, which is built by attacking and being attacked - or Paradox, which can be used freely, but the more it's used, the higher the chance for you to be affected by random effects such as teleporting and spell backfire. Learning how to effectively manage these resources is half of the challenge, and as you get stronger and fight tougher enemies you'll need every bit of your wits and patience if you want to make it out alive. As with other roguelikes, there's of course plenty of equipment and items to find, and it ranges from armor and weapons with random stats to powerful, unique items that may have a little more behind them.While it's not central to the game in any way, there actually is quite a bit of information on the world you're in. You'll find little lore pages scattered around the world which tell you just a little bit more about Maj'Eyal. For anyone who doesn't care, the game doesn't force this on you in any way, but for those who want a little extra, it's there.The game actually has a wonderful presentation given the genre. The little tiles for the characters and maps look quite nice and I can totally tell what I'm looking at, so there's that. The music is nothing to write home about but it's all good stuff and fits the environments well, making my dungeon crawls quite the enjoyable romp. The HUD and info are all pretty clear and easy to understand, and as you get more skills the hotbar expands so you've got everything in one place. You can play the entire thing with mouse, keyboard, or with both, which is nice. It's always nice to keep your options open and luckily there's a lot of em.Interestingly, there's also online servers. You can store your characters online and keep items in a cloud vault to transfer them between characters. If you access your profile online it'll show all your characters and everything, which is a neat touch. There's a global chat too and the community is very friendly, which is great! If you die, your death is also broadcasted to the entire server, so you have extra pressure. It's a needless feature, but a great one nonetheless.Key Points+ Roguelike combat is indeed challenging and tactical+ Solid music that really helps with the atmosphere+ Classes are all fun to play and interesting+ Optional lore pages do great in providing players extra incentive and fleshing out the world+ Comprehensible and easy to use UI+ Serverside saves!Get If- You LOVE roguelikes- Smashing goblins with energy blasts you rewound through time and blasting foes with your blood sounds like your cup of tea- You LOOOOVE roguelikes- You're looking for something combat-centricFinal VerdictA must-play, and it's cheap as dirt too. There's a free version on the website but if you can, support the dev and buy it on Steam. You get neat perks and stuff for it, and the replay value as is typical for roguelikes, is practically infinite."
,Recommended,259680,12286639,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Trinary0,"One of the best roguelikes ever created. Ot successfully blends replayability, unlocks, lore, and a fully featured and challenging campaign together to make a satisfying and murderous whole. If you enjoy roguelikes, you absolutely cannot go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,259680,30415215,Posted: 9 March,all,Pathborn,"I don't always play roguelikes, but when I do, it's either Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup or Tales of Maj'Eyal. The additional stuff added in each of the regular patches for this game probably have more content than the average RPG on Steam. The only negative I can think of is that the game takes a while to learn (I'm 200 hours in and still am learning new things), though that's also an upside if that type of game appeals to you."
,Recommended,259680,23505137,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Virnu,"If you're looking at this game and its reviews, you probably have certain curiosity and interest in the ""old style"" or ""true"" Roguelike games. You might've tried some but have been put off by their sheer complexity and extremely steep learning curve, so you've come looking for something a bit less complex, something that offers a good entry to the genre.So the question is whether this game can be considered as such?In my personal opinion, yes it can.It combines many elements from roguelikes (such as random generation, permanent death, statistical minmaxing, variety)and elements from modern (RPG) games (such as UI&actionbar, character&story progression)For a new player the system will feel familiar and accessible enough to not put off by it while still offering deeply strategic and intricate systems for more advanced players.As you might've already read from other reviews, you can get the almost full version fromte4.orgfor free."
,Recommended,259680,22958221,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,WalmartManager7,"I have had steam for a very long time and I've enjoyed many a game in my day. However, I have yet to play a game compelling enough to make me want to take the time to write a review; until now.Tales of Maj'Eyal is a rare kind of game. On the surface, it doesn't look like much, but there is so much depth and complexity to this game, its simple appearance doesn't do it any justice (not that there is anything wrong with the appearance). I say this is rare because I feel that most games do the opposite; they may have amazing visuals, but often fall short when it comes to depth and complexity. Visuals don't hold my interest very long if the game doesn't have much else to offer. What it lacks in visuals, it makes up for in mechanics.This game is a rogue-like RPG, but it changes a few things up. For one, there is no need to eat. Some may argue that this detracts from the rogue-like experience, and normally I would probably agree, but I feel that this game is more focused on the tactical combat aspect as opposed to the survival aspect, and I commend it in that regard. Another difference is the lack of potions. Instead of potions, which require farming to replenish, this game uses something called inscriptions, in the form of runes or infusions. These inscriptions fill the same role as potions, but they operate on a cooldown instead of being limited-use, effectively eliminating any need for farming potions, which is a fantastic idea, in my opinion.The game is difficullt. You will die, a lot. At the time of writing this review, I have 376.8 hours under my belt and I have only beaten the game once, but I don't plan on giving up any time soon. One thing that makes the unforgiving nature of the game more bearable are the persistent unlocks. When you first boot up the game, you will have a relatively limited selection of birth options, in the form of races and classes. As you play, you unlock more birth options permanently, in addition to unlocking new game modes and even skill trees. There is a ton of replayability here.The developers of this game are consistently polishing the game and considering feedback from the community. A cool feature of this game is an in-game chat room where you can ask for tips, discuss strategies, and talk directly to developers. It's a great feature and is probably the closest thing to multiplayer we will see in a game like this. You can tell that the developers poured their blood, sweat, and tears into this game to make something exceptional. And they have succeeded.This game is nearly perfect in my eyes. It is an exemplary rogue-like, and although it does some things a little differently, it does them extremely well. It has come such a long way and gets better every day. Do not hesitate if you are on the fence. Send me a personal message and I will convince you. This game is worth every penny and the developers deserve support for the great work that they do.10/10 Would get clobbered into troll soup again.TLDR; Buy this game."
,Recommended,259680,27665525,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,.//slayer,"Currently this is my most played game on Steam, and for a good reason - the number of options for character building, equipment combinations and unlockables in ToME is enough to warrant hundreds upon hundreds of playthroughs. Granted, many of them are going to be short - this IS a roguelike, after all - but the game has enough to offer for both experienced veterans of the genre and explorers who are just in for the sights. ToME features a huge main campaign with a pre-determined world map and randomly placed quest dungeons, several dozens of class/race combos with unique skill trees and expansive battle mechanics to liven up the experience.Unlike many other modern roguelikes, ToME's one and only focus is combat. Even though there's an overworld and a bunch of peaceful cities, don't look at them as more than just trade hubs. What you're gonna do 99% of the time is look for a way out of yet another impossible situation that you recklessly rushed into, be it an unexpected boss or a group of trash mobs that you foolishly underestimated. Luckily, the player is always equipped with numerous tools to deal with trouble or escape to safety - there are runes, infusions, magic artifacts, proccing gear, abilities, status effects designed to keep you alive and your enemies either dead or, at least, a safe distance away. Learning how to use all of these is a different beast entirely, and you'll quickly find that even the normal difficulty playthrough might take you more than a hundred hours to master (even though the total time spent for an actual normal playthrough run without deaths might not exceed 10 hours in total). Once you've done it, higher difficulties unlock, and there's a good chance you also discovered some new classes/races to play along the way, so that your next game is completely different from the previous attempt.1.5k achievements (currently the record-holder on Steam), insane replayability, a quest progression to keep you motivated, and brutally difficult yet fair fights in the classic turn-based Rogue fashion - there really isn't much else to say. ToME deserves all the praise it gets, and the regular updates only make it that much better."
76561198010325550,Recommended,259680,19519352,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,skico,All the depth you will ever need in an RPG.
,Recommended,259680,29480581,Posted: 25 January,all,Amnesty,"""Do you recommend this game?""Yes, yes I do.When in search for something new to play, I came across this game while it was on sale for a measley 2.00. That also included all the DLCS. I had never played this type of game before, and if you look at my games library you would know this to be true.  I almost passed this game by but the 1620 achievements caught my eye. 1620 achievements for a 2.00 game? Admittedly, it was the achievements that made me purchase the game, what the heck, 2.00, if i dont like this game, no harm done, right? I love collecting achievements, although I am not good at it! So, there I was creating my character, giving them a name and choosing a player tile. I entered the world of Maj'eyal a lvl 1 archer. I died as a lvl 1 archer. Game Over. My character had disappeared. There was no, try again. No respawn. Nope. Game Over. My first lesson on what Roguelike means. ;)There is different lvls of difficulty though, you do not have to play it as roguelike until you get to know the game really well. Exploration mode allows you to play with infiinite lifes, Adventure with limited lifes.I am probably the worst player at this game, I am still learning the game 30 hours in, and admittedly the highest lvl I have made it to is lvl 16 on normal mode. I have lost track of how many times i have died and had to start over - but that is the testimony to the game. I keep coming back to try again.........and again.......and again. This game is fun and really a challenge. Its cheap even when not on sale and worth the money."
,Recommended,259680,23448641,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SusieQ,"It is pretty rare for me to play any game beyond 50 hours. This is partly due to my lack of time, and partly due to the fact that I jump from one game to the next at a rapid rate. Few games can hold my attention for very long, as many are quickly consigned to the heap of unplayed or lightly games cluttering my Steam collection.Tales of Maj'Eyal is one of the few that have captured my interest and kept my interest, as one of only 7 or 8 games that I've played beyond 50 hours (four of which are either MMOs or server-based games where I idle).Part of the reason that Tales of Maj'Eyal is so special to me is that it is both flexible and complex at the same time. As with many of the other rogue-likes that I have played, Tales of Maj'Eyal features some potentially difficult moments and countless opportunities for deaths. When I first started playing Tales of Maj'Eyal, I died quite often in Trollmire, one of the starting zones. Even now, with more than 50 hours under my belt, it's still not uncommon for me to face various mid to high level enemies (stone throwing giants and dragons in particular) that can potentially one-shot my character.And here's where the first appeal of Tales of Maj'Eyal comes in. Unlike many rogue-likes, death doesn't mean the end of your character. In the standard adventure mode, you can come back to life after one death (or more often, as you level). In exploration mode, you can come back to life an infinite number of times. Not only that, the resurrection NPC allows you to resurrect on the world map instead of right where you died, especially helpful if you went into battle against an enemy that you have no chance of beating. If you want the standard rogue-like permadeath mode, Tales of Maj'Eyal offers that too, along with three difficulties (Easy, Normal, Hard). Even if this sort of convention goes against standard rogue-likes, it does make this game more forgiving and more open to someone like me who has limited time to play and/or start over new characters.When I do want to experiment with new characters and playstyles, Tales of Maj'Eyal offers a fair range of both races and classes. Each of these races and classes has different skill trees, and one playthrough offers a different experience from the next. I started out playing a defensive warrior type, then moved on to play an archer showering arrows, then a summoner leading an army, and now am experimenting with a mage that manipulates time. As you play through the game and complete tasks and quests, even more options are unlocked.This flexibility and complexity is what makes Tales of Maj'Eyal the perfect rogue-like for me. Oh sure, other rogue-likes offer benefits that Tales of Maj'Eyal doesn't. Dungeons of Dredmor has (in my opinion) better item mechanics and better art. Elona (YMMV) offers more complexity, and there are so-called action rogue-likes that might provide more instant gratification without so much frustration. I suppose the graphics are somewhat outdated as well (though, pretty good compared to many other rogue-likes).When I first started playing Tales of Maj'Eyal, I thought of the game's relationship to the original Rogue similar to that of World of Warcraft to Everquest. Perhaps it might be insulting to compare Tales of Maj'Eyal to World of Warcraft, but some elements of this comparison are apt. LIke WoW, Tales of Maj'Eyal makes the rogue-like more accessible, more graphically attractive, and hopefully, more popular to a general audience.That last element is what I truly want to become a reality. I have no idea how popular Tales of Maj'Eyal actually is (not being much of a forum goer or researcher on the topic), but I feel like it definitely deserves far more attention and acclaim than it receives. Perhaps a mobile version might help improve its exposure to the general public?For anyone who's interested or simply curious about this game, there's no reason not to give it a try. After all, the full base game, with most of the features, can be played for free on the Tales of Maj'Eyal official website. If you feel like the game is right for you, you can then buy it, either on the official website or on Steam to get the donator features (special class, various cosmetic features, vault, etc) and then, when you want more, buy the DLC expansions.In short, why is Tales of Maj'Eyal a great game for me and potentially a great game for you? I think it comes down to the fact that Tales of Maj'Eyal is a rogue-like that can be accomodated to your tastes. The difficulty can be whatever you want it to be, the playstyle can be whatever you want it to be, and the game is sufficiently long enough and filled with quests and lore that it'll be hundreds of hours before you, me, or anyone else could come close to experiencing it all.Again, there's no harm in giving it a try. Download the game on the website to see if it's right for you. If it isn't, then you'll just move on to something else. However, if you're like me, perhaps you will discover that Tales of Maj'Eyal is a gem of a game, one that really stands out from the others and shines like a beacon of a light in the vast collection of games available on Steam."
76561198002593216,Recommended,259680,28562101,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,River Spirit,"This is one of the best games I ever played! I'm not particularly a fan of the Rogue-like genre, because I don't like the idea of progression loss. YET, I only like to play this game in the Adventure mode - the standard mode that the game was made to be played with limited lives (I eventually gonna try Rogue-like mode, with just 1 life). If you don't like this, you can play in exploration mode, that gives you infinite lives.Tales of Maj'Eyal has a very immersive gameplay, regardless of its simple graphics. The story is pretty good and interesting, but what shines is the well composed challenging elements. It's different from riddles or gimmicks that other games put you through. The situations that ToME put you are complex, composed by various elements, that you need to judge and measure to take decisions. THIS. You FEEL the situation, you feel the DANGER. And you must to analyse and find a solution that can be simple or complex, still there is not only one solution, it is circumstantial. Sometimes you can't see solutions to a challenge but you progressively learn how to deal with it. One of the best feeling that the game gives you is the discovery of a solution to a apparently impossible situation.Yes, the challenges are complex. But, the game gives you various options. Whereas you learn the dangers that you can face, you learn how to counter it. And, for this, you have a vast character building system, with numerous races and classes that you can combo and choose between vastly different playstyles. Each class and race have different ways to deal with situations, some classes and races are best to deal with some types of dangers, some have flaws that you must find a way to cover. And to deal with that, you have Trinkets, items and equipments - that gives you habilities to use -, you can loot or buy them in shop - you must choose wisely what you want to keep with you.The exploration element of this game is good, there's tons of secrets to discovery and unlockables enable, like races, classes, and skill trees options to make your characters. The game has around 1500 achievments to unlock, if you are a achievment hunter.The storyline is very good and interesting too, but beyond the main storyline, you have a deep and complex universe, which you unfold gradually in various logs and pieces of story that you must find in dialogue options, logs, places, doing secret quests and getting achievments.The one-guy dev team is active and keeping the game alive, with online support, events, random blesses of the DarkGod, updates and expasions. The game is still alive. Even though you can play the game for free, it's definitely a game worth supporting. You can donate directly or buy the Steam version, those gives you donator privillege. Let's Feed The Dark God to bring more Awesomeness to us!Finally, if I should describe this game in few words:Sheer Badassery!"
76561198186283217,Recommended,259680,31615714,Posted: 7 May,all,wicked337,Tales of Maj'Eyal is one of the most beautifully designed games ever made. A true masterpiece of RPG mechanics.
76561198061763567,Recommended,259680,25111922,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,cksiu,"A friend came over to my house and played this game, I saw him die over and over for an hour or so and I laughed at him.Then I realised I was just like him, about a thousand gameplay hours ago.Where did the time go? No idea, but I am still learning new things after playing the game this much.This is not a game for everybody, but don't let the oldschool roguelike reputation scare you. You will grow to love death after submitting to her ten thousand times."
76561198042236250,Recommended,259680,32522236,Posted: 17 June,all,folytopo,I really like how varried the builds and play experince can be. It feels a lot less like inventory chess then lots of other rougelikes and there are not so many random consumables to manage. Very good.
,Recommended,259680,12385867,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Crunchy Gremlin,it feels a little clunky. I dont like the dungeon layouts very much. but... wow this is like od school ultima meets nethack. Like moria taken to an extreme.The play is mostly geared aournd chacter progresion.the combat feels very lopsided. things are generally really easy to kill or extremely deadly. i do not like that much. id prefer a little less variance in the monster toughness.game play is a bit repetive but that is kind of expected.there is a lot of class content. items are very diablo or mmo like. lots of magic very little is useful.charcter classes have pretty different play syles. more classes unlock as the game world is explored.overall its not a bad game. a little bit of a learning curve but it wasnt a painful one really. but i have beaten nethack so... casual gamer may not get it.its pretty well done though. if you like the old school feel and can overlook the dungeon layouts and have some patience to learn the game... it will surely entertain for a long time. if only off and on.
,Recommended,259680,12307125,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Peanut,"Rougelikes have become increasing gameified lately, TOME however, is the real deal. It takes a hardcore rougelike and wraps it in an easy to access package. The depth of gameplay contained within this game is amazing! If you find yourself enjoying the flood of new ""rougelike"" games that are crowding the steam storefront, then do yourself a favor and try this game."
,Recommended,259680,18724408,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dr.Chocolate,Got killed so hard in one hit that it froze and crashed my computer.
76561198014749808,Recommended,259680,25005580,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Hanso,"I've put over 1,000 hours into this game and I've beaten it twice.  I need help, professional counciling.  If you want a life avoid it.Forget graphics, forget flashy effects, forget triple AAA budget - this is 100% gameplay, unforgiving, no hand holding, no mercy just game play.The learning curve is light, play is incredibly deep, and then depending on your chosen character and race, massively different approach and tactics needed every time.  There is so much variety and orginality, you can't help but start multiple campaigns never finshing before wanting to see how that other combo works.Just when you are over it, every avenue explored, another !%$#%!#$ campaign is launched.... arrrgghhhhBuy it, club together, join the TOME anoymous program"
76561198044218930,Recommended,259680,29738237,Posted: 6 February,all,Rilo,"As an avid roguelike fan with many hours in CDDA, ADOM, Brogue, Dwarf Fortress and Caves Of Qud, I can quite safley say this is a great roguelike with alot of variance in classes and unlocks allowing you to replay multiple times with characters.Game is a good beginning roguelike for anyone looking to get into them.8/10 Solid game(Did i mention sometimes the dev comes in and starts dropping some memes?)"
76561198004368051,Recommended,259680,8902224,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,DFuxa,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is one of the bigger Roguelikes that along with Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup and Dwarf Fortress help set the standards for what makes a good Roguelike.Unlike the two other roguelikes listed above you'll find an actual story being played out along with Lore and Monster Details that really tell you about the world your character is playing in; while not getting in the way of in-game play. Game Mechanics are plentiful but they are spelled out and not hidden from the player. User Interface for the most part is easy to get into and use.There are a couple of hurdles one will need to commit to however in order to play this game - like any Roguelike there is the overall Game Depth and Learning Curve and Tales of Maj'Eyal is no different. Character skills sort of level up similar to what you might find in an MMORPG or Diablo-like, but skills themselves are also much like their counterparts - not descriptive enough to tell you what they do and requiring you have to test them out or read up on them.For people coming from other Roguelikes, you may be thrown off by the sheer Tactical Nature of combat, Additionally it is worth noting that the game is meant to be played in Adventurer Mode - IE, Multiple Lives, not One. Lastly, the game is long - very long. A full run in the original Age of Ascendancy Campaign (The Main Vanilla Campaign that the game started with) from start to actual finish is probably going to be longer then most other Roguelikes bar a few.All in all though, this is a very enjoyable game. Once you get past the couple tidbits that might hold you back or throw you off you'll likely have lots of fun playing with multiple races and classes in separate but distinct ways."
,Recommended,259680,8034128,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Xolsiion,"Amazingly complex turn-based roguelike with a huge amount of replay value.  Whatever your style of combat you can find a build that suits you.  The game is well maintained by a developer who obviously cares for his community, takes their input, and keeps improving the game.  Before it made it to Steam I logged over 300 hours and I would estimate I've played maybe 10% of the builds that appeal to me.  Cannot say enough good things about it."
,Recommended,259680,31211426,Posted: 17 April,all,Makenshi,"I originally picked up TOME on sale thinking it's a cheap game I can pick up from time to time whenever I feel like playing a roguelike. I am blown away by how much... stuff there is in this game. There is something like 20+ classes and hundreds of skills. Mechanically, it is more fleshed out than most RPGs I have played, as a roguelike too! I would recommend this for all old school rpg fans and roguelike fans alike"
,Recommended,259680,16527583,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Memellod,"Awesomeroguelike game.Lotsof enemies, classes, races, weapons, armors, skills, tactics. Just play it and fall in love with it. Recommended to play on roguelike difficulty"
76561198010247076,Recommended,259680,10196657,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[Ninja]Menchi,"The game takes a while to get used to but there's just sooooo much to it it's fantastic. Just as i thought i finished everything there was to do in the game, i found out i only finished chapter 1 of what looks to be many more to come."
76561198094637227,Recommended,259680,32667179,Posted: 22 June,all,Gilgameshk,"This game is pretty amazing. The sheer amount of variety for classes is great. Being a roguelike, some of the deaths are a bit annoying, but it definitely it worth your time regardless. Just check our some wikis on this game, throwing your skill points all willy nilly will really make you go nuts as you make it further and they become less plentiful. Every one matters!"
76561197978348832,Recommended,259680,30539056,Posted: 16 March,all,.:TEAM:.  Alpha Chonx,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a must play for anyone who has any kind of interest in the roguelike genre. It's a proper turn-based, grid-based tactical game with perma-death (although you can play it without it if you're a puss :D).Set in the fantasy world of Eyal, a land which is filled with deep lore and interesting stories and characters. The number of races and classes available is huge and the varying combinations of these make the game immensely replayable.. And you'll want to replay it because it's incredibly addictive but also very difficult. (you will die. A lot) The difficulty (something which should be expected from any true roguelike) is not unfair however, and there is always a way in which you could have gotten out of the situation which killed you, you just might not know it untill a few playthroughs later. The more you play TOME, the more options for skills and gear and combinations of these you become aware of and this, in turn will increase your chances of surviving a little bit longer.The game has a huge number of things to unlock by carrying out various actions in the game world, from new races and classes, birth options which affect every character you make thereafter and new skill trees for existing classes. Again, if you have ANY kind of interest in roguelikes (not for everyone for sure) then you owe it to yourself to pick up TOME and spend a few hours learning the basics. If you're anything like me then you will find it hugely satisfying and enjoyable.The game is actually available for free on the website with an option to donate. Donators and people who buy the steam version will get a few extra bits and pieces plus an extra 'donator class', the possesor.Made by one man over a long time, TOME is a labour of love and the creator has no plans to stop anytime soon. The game has recently recieved a free update and more are planned, as well as new future DLC at some point down the line.If your not sure, pick up the free version on the site, I can almost guarentee you'll want to donate or buy it on steam after a few hours playing, it's that good you'll want to give something back and support future dev.Oh and if you like achievements, this game has more than any other game on steam, over 1600 at time of writing :O"
,Recommended,259680,31536120,Posted: 3 May,all,VJ,"This is the first actual rogue-like to truly capture my attention. Combat is fun, lots of items, builds, and classes. Inventory management and exploring is made easy, keeping the difficulty where its fun - in the combat/character builds. The main developer is a great guy, community is always friendly. If you didn't realize this game is also free!You can download it from their website, buying it on Steam is to support the developer & it unlocks a few perks such as cosmetic, additional class and item vault storage. Try it out, see if you like it, you have nothing to lose. Highly recommend the DLC as well."
,Recommended,259680,21855319,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mint-Odyessy,"Ahh, Tales Of Maj'Eyal. What is there to say about it? Well---Odyessy was hit for 50 nature, 50 temporal, 30 fire--Killed-Ow.Tales Of Maj'Eyal~Spoiler Free Review!~--------NOTE---------This review is based off the majority of my play with mods. For around 90% of my hours on the game, I have spent it with mods. I shall list what mods I used at the bottom of the review, but none are extreme enough to change any of the core concepts of the game. The mods I've used made information easier to understand.Oooh boy. I absolutely love this game. I really, really do. If I had to pick a single game to bring with me into, say, Space, this game would be my pick, hands down.CommunityYou know what's strange for a Rouge-lite game? Having encouragement to directly talk with the community. Yeah, strange, isn't it? Whenever you're in the game, and you're online...you're connected to the community with a button-press away. There's a window on your screen (that isn't intrusive) where people's achievements within the game and conversations are. You can link items and monsters you find to show off to others the items you've found, or to ask for strategies on creatures you've never faced before. I do reccomend a mod called ""Die In Obscurity"" so you don't see how every single person dies. It can overflow the chat at times. Afraid of spoilers from the community? No problem! The moment someone types something that's considered spoilerly, they will be sent to ToME Spoiler Chat. It's an automatic system, so you won't even see a glance of spoilers. I've NEVER had a issue with the community, and have had quite a few conversations with the dev himself, Darkgod. The moderators are absolutely awesome as well! Good on all of you!So, yes, this is indeed a positive for the game. I encourage you, as well, to take part in the community!CombatI'll talk about the story in a bit, but I believe this is to be the BIGGEST draw to the game. The combat.You see, Tales Of Maj'Eyal is complex. This, sadly, can be a heavy drawback for those who would rather actually enjoy it. In every single turn (every single move you make) has a LOT of things considered, from the speed of projectiles flying at you, to how spells affect the enviorment are re-checked to apply their affect again, and how everyone runs around. This is perhaps one of the only turn-based RPGs I know that has a heavy emphasis on mobilty. You CANNOT, I REPEAT, CANNOT run around without a plan. You. Will.DIE.Doesn't matter if you have badass armor and defense-increasing skills on. You cannot block everything or tank everything. Even TANKS in this game have to consider mobility, and know when it's time to run and reposition themselves. The only class that can remotely do this is Bulwark, which I feel is ""THE"" class everyone should play first. They have a rediculous amount of defense, but it won't get you too far in the game alone. Learning the game takes time, and many deaths.On the bright side, this complex combat is actually very satisfying once you understand how it works. There's SO MANY WAYS TO END YOUR FOES. FromDEVOURING THEMtoYELLING AT THEM TO DEATH.The amount of classes is purely absurd, and to this day I've STILL not tried them all. On top of that, you have Races. Humans, Elves...There's many more, and each has sub-species within it. The reason why I won't say who they are, is because it's considered spoilers. Sorry. Although, I will say there's only a few races that have classes usable only by them, you can mix and match pretty much anything. There's a lot of depth in a single class, and with so many, there's a lot to learn here. On top of that, the loot is satisfying to obtain. I've even carried some things I couldn't use because it just sounded so badass. I ain't giving my Corpsebow to a mere shopkeeper!Also, the difficulty settings are very varied. You have two different kinds that come into play when you play the game. Difficulty, and the Style of the Difficulty.{Easy}{Normal}{Nightmare}---and so on---   Those difficulties change how hard the game is. How strong foe's talents are, the level of the zones, and so on. The higher the difficulty, the more EXP you earn. There are three difficulties locked when you start the game.And the Styles:{Exploration}  Infinite lives. You are beyond death! The difficulty I say you should NEVER play, it ruins the experience. But if you don't like having a bad time, I won't judge you. There are a lot of gorgeous sights to see in the game.{Adventure} You gain lives on select level-ups. Simple, not overpowered, but not the core experience.{Rougelike} ""You ARE your character."" You only have one life. The moment you die, your character is immediately deleted. :gameover: However! You can still find ways to revive yourself in game, such as a rare-as-it-can-get vial. THIS is the Style of difficulty I always play on. It's my preference.AppearanceIt's visuals....are alright. It's your typical fantasy style, but it's not too distracting for me, actually. It's the enviorment I'm in, so I roll with it. It's great for what it is, there's a LOT of variety here! You'll be in space, heaven and hell, wintery landscapes, swamps, and volcanoes! Personally, I like it. But I can see how people might be ""turned off"" by it. Honestly, there's not a lot to say. One of the few games I say imagination works in it's favor!SoundIt serves it's duty. Spells sound like spells, fists sound like fists, steel sounds like steel. There's no glaring issue with the sound, but nor is there anything that stands out as supreme. The soundtrack? Well...The music in the game is the same, it serves what it's meant to do. I honestly have muted the music for a long time now, and have other things in the background, like the news or music. It's one of THOSE kinds of games, despite it's complexity, where you can focus on other things while playing it. It IS turn based, as well.On that note, like how I feel with Sanctuary RPG, once I've played long enough, I'm ""in tune"" with the game, reading information at only a glance, making actions with speed and care. Even when I set the game down for a few weeks, I was very easilly able to get back into this state.StoryThe story of Maj'Eyal is a fantasy, what would you expect? If you can suspend disbelief, you will find so much to read and learn about the word. Well written poems, stories, and last words of daring adventurers before you. There are several campaigns, but the one with the most amount of story is, well, ""Tales Of Maj'Eyal"". There is also the Arena and the Infinite Dungeon. Personally, the Arena isn't very fun to me, but I absolutely LOVE the Infinite Dungeon. You and the endless dungeon crawling experience that this game offers, with nothing in your way beyond blood thirsty monsters and glorious loot. It feels alive.ConclusionAll in all, there's not too many RPGs like this. Where it manages to be...a community driven single player game. It's definately unique in that regard. With such a cheap RPG, why not buy it? Well, the initial ramp of difficulty (and throughout the game, regardless of skill) requires stategy over going wild with a sword, so this isn't the kind of game you can sit down with if you have little time. It respects your time, however, and the community is very helpful, VERY alive...The sound and appearance will not satisfy everyone, but it serves what it lives for. Things sound exactly like they would. I don't think giving it a ""Score"" would satisfy myself with the review, so I'll simply give the answer of ""I highly reccomend this."" To ALL RPG fans!Mods that I use and reccomend.(gahh there is no more room on the review so here have a pastebin with the last tidbit)http://pastebin.com/m2genWSA"
,Recommended,259680,8037240,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Warondar,"I'm totally blown away by how fun and how well made this game is.  Small price, small download size, but BIG fun!  It's a nice looking tile set roguelike RPG with a tactical turn-based combat system.  I suggest not using the 'auto-explore' feature so you can get the sense of actually lurking around and wondering what's around the corner, or behind the next door.  Surprisingly enough, you'll come face to face with rare mobs on a fairly regular basis with nice loot, but they're not just going to hand them over to you.  No Siry Bob....you'll have to take it from his/her/it's cold-dead, clawing/oozing/hairy or whatever type of hand.Lots of choices on the type of character you want to play, and you actually unlock more options of all kinds to make your next play characters even better or to try something completely different.  Don't worry, you'll be playing more characters you can count on it.  You can only die so many times, if at all, before your character goes bye-bye to the beyond.  Just use his death as a great excuse to try out that new unlocked race/class/gear or whatever.Anyways, try it out, I'm sure some of you will be caught off-guard by how fun and good the game is for it's download size and price as I mentioned.Oh and forgot to say something for achievement fans.  There's slightly over 1,200 achievements in the game, so I'm sure that will tickle your fancy."
76561197993002262,Recommended,259680,31210279,Posted: 17 April,all,|BoM| Whitey,"I've tried a lot of rogue-likes.  Most of them are too focused on things like eating and collecting potions.  This boils it down to a good story, lots of unlockables, a ton of unique gear and great combat (and combat animation!).  Love it!"
76561198032064569,Recommended,259680,33526539,Posted: 13 July,all,geneticwarrior23,"ridiculous number of skills and abilities,   you might think, ""damn, this game is old-looking, it can't have good combat, it looks so simple!"".you'd be wrong.  this game is one of the best games i've ever played as far as roguelikes are concerned.my ONLY qualm is that it's so hard sometimes even on normal roguelike setting  that i get frustrated and quit.  i put almost 200 hours into it and i still havent managed to beat the game on normal roguelike. i refuse to use adventure mode though, having multiple lives feels like cheating to me.   i ALMOST got to the boss on one character but got REKT by some random miniboss rare mob spawn, so sad.buy this game if you like LOTS OF CLASSES, RACES, SKILLS, epic loot, powerful spells and VERY challenging combat.so many quality of life features like autoexploring a map to get new characters leveled up quickly.actually i have one more qualm, the dungeons aren't varied enough for my taste so after your 30th character you kinda get tired of doing the same 5 or 6 starter dungeons every time.other than that, 9.5/10   goddamn good game and worth every penny."
,Recommended,259680,30681892,Posted: 23 March,all,marv1n,"Is it hard? Yea it is. Is it roguelike? Yea it is. Is it a hard  roguelike? No. You could tell it from traditional nethack,  this game discarded all those hardcore stuff, focused on combat only. You don't need identify scroll to identify unknown object, you won't have trouble in arranging your bag, cuz things you don't need could be directly transmogrified.So it's a love-hate relationship. I treat myself as a 'old-school' gamer, but have to admit, this kind of direct, magnified, pleasure, is unresistable. However, this game has 'old-school spirit', that's difficulty. The enemies' levels are adjusted, so the game will never be easy. And you will always die stupidly.Most addictive roguelike game i have played."
76561198052364085,Recommended,259680,30160610,Posted: 24 February,all,Melvide,"It's okay visually. The 'story,' such as it is, is okay. But in terms of the game mechanics, diversity of character and item options, and the progression of difficulty it is one of the best games I've played. If you enjoy playing a game because of how the game is played then I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,259680,30429509,Posted: 10 March,all,John Hadley,"This game is one of the best roguelike dungeon crawlers out there.  The graphics are not spectacular.  Lets face it they look 15 years old.  There's not a storyline with gloriously rendered full motion video cutscenes.  It has one but its absolutely irrelevant.  What it does have is fair, fun, and difficult hack and slash slash and ranged combat with dozens of different classes with tons of fun skills to unlock and enough difficulty levels that you can find one that *will* challenge you.  It has many many hours of content.  All the dungeons, item drops, and monsters are randomized so every game will be a bit different than the last.  Its gameplay aspect is so great that it doesn't need eye candy and filler to fool you into thinking you got good value for your money.  This game is the real deal.If you like roguelikes and appreciate games with adequate difficulty and the threat of permanent death (optional), this is one you should not miss."
76561198132621716,Recommended,259680,28572240,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RandomPal,More than 800 hours and there's still much I want to try...
76561198005720183,Recommended,259680,19833440,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,pioupiou,"The first ""roguelike"" RPG i really play, sucking my free time and definetly worth a thumb up and an evaluation.I won't make a full review : Althought game mechanics are easy to understand to anyone who is used to RPG, Tome has an incredible depth and replayability value.i usually don't bother voting for ""indie game of the year"" or evaluate games but in this case i gladly do it."
,Recommended,259680,19212908,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Coaldust,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a true Roguelike (i.e. it plays much likeRogue).The Good:It is massive.  There's lots of classes, areas, items, and spells, and things to do.  Very little feels redundant or samey.Unlike most Roguelikes, there is a plot.As claimed, there is indeed no need to grind.Permadeath can be turned off with no penalty.  This partially makes up for many of the bad aspects of the game.The Bad:Tales of Maj'Eyal is a true Roguelike.  Most of its flaws are common to most members of the genre.Like most Roguelikes, there are horrendous balance problems.  You will frequently encounter creatures of widely varying levels in the same area.  Some of these enemies move so fast, and hit so hard, just seeing them on your screen almost guarantees death.  If you have permadeath on, and aren't a masochist, you're going to have a bad time.Turning permadeath off doesn't completely solve the balance problems.  It also just feels bad.  Resurrecting where you were, with full hit points and no negative statuses, with the enemies as you left them, results in you either being deathlocked or overpowered.  I would rather it have saved every 5 minutes, then load the save from 5 minutes ago when I die.  That would both feel fairer, and prevent the deathlock problem.  Being able to willingly back up further (lose more progress) would be even better insurance against being deathlocked.Like most Roguelikes, there are terrible guidance problems.  In most Roguelikes this is due to there being no guidance at all.  While Tales of Maj'Eyal has problems withinsufficientguidance, it does have some guidance, due to the main quest and side quests directing you to the ‘next’ areas.  However, sometimes you encounter strange interactive widgets and need to decide what, if anything, to do with them.  There is no guidance here, and if you do the wrong thing the results are often lethal.  Tales of Maj'Eyal has somewhat unique problems withmaliciousguidance.  The main and side quests will frequently send you to places without any hint that you better purchase some items or allocate points in some abilities to counteract the next boss' game-breaking abilities, or simply lead you to locations full of enemies far beyond your level.  If you're going to play this, save yourself some frustration and just look everything that should have been in the game up on a wiki.You will occasionally encounter wandering friendly characters.  They always need to be safely escorted out of the area.  There should be more variety in what they want from you.The Ugly:A few people are complaining about the graphics.  Traditionally Roguelikes didn'thavegraphics (or sound).  Everything was represented with text characters and you had to learn to read the screen (e.g. @ is the player character).  You could usually select a location on the screen for a more detailed explanation.  While many of us enjoyed using our imagination, it did prevent Roguelikes from being popular with the masses.  The few that have graphics now often adopted them due to running out of ASCII characters to represent things with, before Unicode support was widespread and good monospaced Unicode fonts were available.  So it's a matter of perspective whether Tales of Maj'Eyal has good or bad graphics."
76561198042281318,Recommended,259680,21627795,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sairvell,"I fell in love with this game when my otherwise normal, default human Sun Paladin character (yes, all holy and loaded with light powers) had acquired an item called 'Taintblight' that not only turned him undead, but also allowed him to retch caustic vomit. This puke was so mighty that it not only healed him and removed status effects, but also damaged opponenets and cleansed their buffs, all in a large radius around my knight. Combined with my power to project a path of sunshine that took no time to traverse, I'd skate into a room full of baddies, glowing all holy light, spew vomit, and then finish everything off with a direct invocation of the sun that's more like a quasar igniting at the edge of a blackhole.Did I mention that my random lamp item that made me undead was called 'Taintblight'?This collision of three entirely different abilities and a crazy and evocative random name generator is only one example of dozens such synergies and strange stories that I have experienced in playing Tales of Maj'Eyal.Of course much of that imagery came from my own willingness to fill in the blanks because Tales of Maj'Eyal is a roguelike run by one guy (as far as I can tell), who has packed in a tremendous amount of lore, options and imagination. The graphics are like sprites from a nineties turned-based game that would run on a 486. The sounds aren't really any better. The muscial score is acceptable, but since the whole affair runs at my leisure, I listen to absolutely anything else while playing.But the value in this game isn't in its looks, but in all the options, variations and odd enemies it offers.While the game can be played like a true roguelike (one life and you're done), there are several difficulty and re-spawn options that help make the game more accessible to players looking for different challenge (and frustration) levels. There are also several unlockable races and classes whose progress is tracked across multiple playthroughs. By opening up more options, the game stays fresh the longer you play.Of course, having so many class and race combinations leads to wild imbalances in capability. Some combinations simply become mathematically better, overall. However, the game throws so many different kinds of enemies and effects that attack, weaken and kill your character in so many ways that almost any character will expose an Achilles Heel at some point in a playthrough.The game has incredible difficulty spikes, so playing true roguelike is recommened only for those with tremendous intestinal fortitude. I recall losing a rogue-like character 20 hours into the game due to missing a debuff icon that I didn't recognize, laid on me by an unusual random boss that was blocked by one of the over-sized two-block larger enemies. Of course, since it's turn based I could have taken a beat and re-examined the fifteen different effects, good and bad, that were on my character at that moment, so the mistake is ultimately mine.That said, I didn't play again for a few days.This does bring up a complaint about the game's lack of documentation. There are a ton of systems packed in, entire mechanics that might only be encountered on playing a particular character class. These often behave differently from every other resource in the game. Am I expending this resource straight away or do I have to build it up? Does this resource have a conflict or synergy with my armor choices or my other talents?All these esoteric, imaginative and rule breaking powers interact in ways that aren't always clear. After logging over a thousand hours in this game, over three years, I still don't know what a few of the stats mean.While most of the dungeons are procedurally generated, some smaller zones are always the same and the overland map only varies based off a handful of bonus zones that require prerequisites to appear. This sameness of the larger world and the horrifically imbalanced and hazardous random patrols make travel between dungeons tedious. But this is a relatively small criticism since the overland travel isn't a large portion of gameplay.If roguelikes are your bag, this one offers both a sense of progression from overall play by doling out new classes and races with unlocks, as well as a wide variety of enemies and all sorts of crazy loot. The difficulty spikes can be tremendous, so that the higher difficulties really demand use of the game's clairvoyance and/or movement powers to survive. This game seeded and fostered my imagination and provided all sorts of unusual combinations of gear, talents and events to keep my thoroughly entertained. Though I don't tend to play for long stretches any more (except with new DLC), I keep coming back for twenty or thirty minutes of play on whatever experiment of race and class that appeals to me at the time.I can't think of any other game (except an MMO), that has had me coming back again and again for more than a couple months, let alone three years."
76561198022307115,Recommended,259680,22514838,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Axlo,"At first glance, this game doesn't seem like much. But this game is truly amazing. Here are a few reasons why:- The storyline is revealed slowly over time, making you constantly want to go further. You can tell they put effort into the tiniest of side stories, as even they are filled with emotion and humour.- There are a ton of classes and races wich you can customise they way you want to play them. Everytime you play with something new you get ideas of how to play the other classes and it makes you curious to try out new things.- Gameplay is fun. You can choose to rush through areas, cleaning them quickly and moving on. Or you can really take your time and consider the most strategic way of approaching a battle.It should be said that there is a lot of reading to be done in this game. I highly recommend that you read everything  you get your hands on, as that is what gives the game depth and humour. I love this game and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,259680,21715860,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,QuantumTerror,"For all of you recursive min maxers out there, this game offers plenty of complexity to keep you busy for a long time.  This is especially true once you unlock the adventurer class after your first win.  The possibilities  for talent combinations are immense, and they grow as the developer adds new stuff.Feeling a bit timid?  That is OK.  While ToME is an authentic and challenging roguelike experience, the user community is there to back you up.  The answers to most of your questions are just a short chat message away.  There is no AAA PvE title out there with more to offer in Tactical variety than ToME.  Don't be fooled by the archaic appearance.  ToME is well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,259680,20186102,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Grahf,"One of the most amazing game I've ever played. I've played a lot more before it was on Steam, and now I'm coming back to it.If you like roguelikes with huge character customization, try this. The amount of depth is mind blowing. You can easily play this thousands of hours, and always discover new things. Yesterday I tried the doomed class for the first time and I was amazed how original it is, and completly different from the classes I know the most. My favourite roguelike with Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.Thank you Darkgod and your team for your work. Merci! (pour mes amis fr, le développeur est fr et accomplit un travail de dingue)."
76561198035532559,Recommended,259680,32690256,Posted: 23 June,all,Gixian,Interesting little game - much more deeped and polished game rules than what you can expect. It's obvious that a LOT of love is put into TOME by it's developer.
,Recommended,259680,19402816,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kitemay,"unless you value social features or your social life, or if you're a whiner (nerf boss 23 he killed me after hitting 1s for an hour.) seriously i HATE whiners wanting nerfs. seriously whiners give us hardcore gamers SOME games for us. like this one for instance.i HIGHLY reccomend this game, if you love a challenge or just  messing around with builds and playstyles, you'll love this game.al hail DarkGod and his priest stuntofthelitter."
,Recommended,259680,30199798,Posted: 26 February,all,Moloch,"9/10One of the best games of it's kind. Atmospheric music, complex combat system but you don't actually need to look up too much (or any) of it to do well at the game. Good interface which is fully customisable. The lore is deep and interesting. There are many characters/classes for almost every playstyle ever existed. The map is set but the dungeons are randomly generated with random unique loot (the item itself isn't randomised) providing almost infinite replayability. Would benefit from having an intuitive tutorial system but you can get the hang of it in a few tries. I recommend starting in the easiest difficulty setting just to get a feel for the game."
76561198125772600,Recommended,259680,23253031,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Saisher,"Snakes with steam powered guns, Telepathetic bees, Montrositys only describable as "" Sawhorrors"".This game is perfect if you hate yourself."
,Recommended,259680,16432777,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jes4772,"Remember those gold box D&D games?  This is that x1000.We paid, what, $40 for those games in the 80's.   Today, I'd happily pay $20 for this game, and be grateful for the discount.God knows I've paid that and more for 'alpha' games that turned out crap, or worse.  If this is $10, buy it.  If it's $20, buy it.  At the time of this writing, it's $1.39.""fly, you fools"""
,Recommended,259680,8027966,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SmegInThePants,"If you like roguelikes - rogue, nethack, slash'em, stone soup, or even things that are similar-to-but-not-quite-roguelike - such as dark souls, rogue legacy, DiD playthroughs of games like skyrim, etc.. then this is almost a must have.Fantasy, turn based, w/the key roguelike elements of permadeath (no re-loading to your last save if you die, have to re-roll a new character and start over from scratch instead) and great difficulty (but not insurmountable).  Through your many deaths, however (and there will be many) - you will learn how to survive to the deeper reaches of the game.Great unique classes too.  Many of which are unlike any I have seen in any other game.  If u just enjoy speccing out characters in rpg's and mmo's then this game will scratch that itch too.  Though many of the classes need to be unlocked through achieving things in game in order to play them.The game has a free version too, so you can try before you buy.  Buying makes you like a 'donator' and you get extra features like a class and a game-mode that free players can't get.  But you can play for free and still unlock the majority of things.I'm buying even though I already have the game and have been playing it for years, just because Darkgod and contributors have put so much good work into the game that if anyone deserves some of my game $, they do.  So if you're not sure about the game, give the free version a try, then come back and buy it if ya like it.If you're not a patient person, or don't like difficult games, or you need your rpg's to be 3d or real time, then ya might wanna pass.  But otherwise, worth checking out.  One of my favourite games."
,Recommended,259680,14967802,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DarkGriffin,"This is like the Dwarf Fortress of single player turn based rougelikes.  So much has been poured into it's universe and lore, and that's just the offical main module for the game.  TLDR: Buying this game will be the best thing ever for your rougelike, turn based, strategic, leveling, rage inducing needs.The world map is consistantly the same, but the dungeons and places are randomized classic rouge dungeons that have themes, leveled content, and many many trolly rougelike goodness waiting inside.Skills and healing are on turn cooldowns in addition to costing mana/stamina to use, making the whole game really strategic.  The fact everything is turn based yet updates in an instant means the game plays at exactly the pace you can keep up with it.  If you are taking your time reading stats, the game won't do anything till you take action.  But if you pretty much just want to wander down a few hallways to that old room, a single click will instantly have the game ""run"" you over there, and if anything happens along the way (such as enemies coming into view) the game will stop and go back into ""single turn"" strategy mode.Race and Class are seperate in character creation, and all play different enough that you'll be playing a totally different tactic, yet are based on the same stat and skill tree like system, so you'll know exactly how to figure out the new class.Add in workshop support for many modded race/class/modules, the open nature of the modding, and the existing website's large community of players and creators, and you'll quickly see why this is one of the best things you will ever buy if you are even remotely interested in rouge-like games.It's also sufficently rage inducing when you die.  Just a fair warning.  It does follow the rouge game logic of ""learning by death"", so don't become too attached to your characters.  Much rage, followed by ""I really shouldn't have done X"" moments.  You can start as the same character on death, and the gameworld has ways to get ""lives"", even in permadeath mode...so it's a tiny bit more forgiving then your usual rouge.  But only a tiny bit.It should be noted you can play this for free (with some limitations) from the website of the game.  Paying for the game on steam gets you the ""Donation"" version, with all the limitations removed, same as donating through the site directly.  The steam version can log into an account made with the free version.  So if you are on the fence, give the free release a go for a few hours before coming back and buying the game."
,Recommended,259680,27568734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shapeshifting Silverware,"Massive story-driven roguelike, crafted over the course of years with great care.It breaks several traditions and streamlines away a lot of unnecessary baggage (consumables, or the classic Angband loot problem) -- and replaces it with a whole lot of entirely unnecessary but fun complexity.And if you're into lore, there's at least one book's worth of text spread across the game, if you're willing to find it.Overall, a very solid title. Whilst it's available for free on the creator's website, it is a project well worth supporting."
,Recommended,259680,12700657,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is a really, really solid RPG. Lets start at the begining. I am an old-school gamer at heart. I started gaming in the early 80's and was only recently introduced to the roguelike genre, which has actually been my favorite genre for about 2 years now. I know Rogue was put out in 80 or 81, but for whatever reason I never got into this genre (perhaps it is because I played alot of consoles at that time?). My first introduction to roguelikes was BoI, among other actual 'roguelites'.Anyways, I know the whole Berlin Interpretation of what a roguelike is, but really in the sense of ToME and others, it is just a great RPG with permadeath. This requires you to really take your time and think about your actions. Playing drunk, or while on the phone is certain death, am-I-right?Tales of Maj'Eyal has a really neat universe set in place, with a great UI that is all keyboard based (although you can use the mouse, it is debatably less efficient). Compared to other 'true' roguelikes, this game has a great tileset and overall graphics that are very much appreciated. When you equip armor, so does your avatar. There is rain, mist, etc.Keep in mind you can get this game for free from the developers website, but you shouldn't. Donate, or buy it on Steam (basically a donation). Pay for it because this is top notch game developement. YOU WILL GET DOZENS OF HOURS OUT OF THIS. At least.It is not multiplayer, but it is the first MSORPG... Thats right - Massive Single Player Online RPG. Its brilliant. You play your own game, yet are in constant chat with the rest of the world. There is even some sort of item sharing in this chat that I haven't used yet. Best part - no need for a Wiki - I simply ask a questions (I've asked dozens) and some kind soul always has an awesome response. Awesome community that is very helpful.TL;DR10/10 This is how game developement is done."
76561198011794827,Recommended,259680,22602454,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Verseven,"Played through this game a couple of times.  It (along with Ancient Domains of Mystery) are my favorite examples to date of the genre.There are a lot of unlocks that you get by playing through the game, and different race/class combinations lead to really unique playthoughs.  It is an imaginative right world that draws you in despite its simplicity.It is also really really really hard to make it though on hardcore mode (I normally play the limited lives options, but I have made it through on hard mode once after many many many many failures).The character customization options are deep, the combat tactical and difficult, and the world interesting.  I would recommend you give it a try (provided the low end graphics are not a problem for you)."
76561198027005013,Recommended,259680,34384816,Posted: 20 August,all,skaus_maus,"Had this for a while. Looked interesting, but I was put off by the graphics. Stupid really as I know good graphics do not make a good game.I was moved to take another look when my graphics card blew up and I needed to get my gaming fix from games that will play nice with an outdated onboard graphics chip.What a gem! And what a fool I was for ignoring this for so long. It is difficult to explain why this is so good, without a lengthy review; but if you enjoy roguelikes, or light RPGs, or turn based tactical combat, then this outstanding hybrid will really deliver.At first it was struggle to get it set up how I wanted it and to understand how the systems worked.I spent a long time configuring the resolution and the HUD. I read the wiki and trawled the internet for answers to obscure or unexplained game mechanics and suddenly it clicked. My first death felt cruel, I had invested so much into my Lady Brienne character. My grief was shortlived, as I instantly created a new and very different character and set out again. Now I knew some of the lore and could see the multiple ways of playing the game.This is an excellent game from a single developer, he deserves your support. It has crashed into my top 100; and is heading for the top ten with every hour I unlock it's secrets and survive a little longer. This game will remain on my hard drive for a very long time as there are endless new runs to try out."
76561198065493294,Recommended,259680,25622002,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fucltard,"By far one of the best roguelikes I've ever played! Tons of monsters, spells, skills, classes, races, quests, and all of the exploration you could want and an entertaining story to wrap it all up in."
,Recommended,259680,22466222,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,4Knife,"A dungeon crawler rpg roguelike. I think its awesome.Its accessable and easy to get into. numerous races and classes to play as, and you will unlock more of both as you play, even with just the base game!Even workshop classes you can download, havent tried any of those though.So all your dungeons are randomly generated each playthrough, but the over world stays the same im pretty sure. Each race starts in a different place and with a different backstory depending on your race and class. The main story quests stay about the same but its nice that you can tackle them in anyway you want, I still havent been able to beat the game.One of my favorite things about TOME is the different campaigns, the base game has 3, The main one and two unlockable ones. One is a gladiator arena campaign and if you beat it with a character that character will be the last boss for the next character! very cool.Another thing I find sets TOME apart from other roguelikes is the selectable difficulties, they not only have easy,normal, hard type selections but also there is exploration,adventure,roguelike choices where roguelike gives your character only 1 life (unless you can find magical items that add to it)  to live through the quest, Adventure gives you a 'free' life after certain level milestones, so when you die with an extra life you get to choose if you want to respawn where you died or outside the area. And exploration gives you unlimited lives.There is a lot to loot here too, all types of weapons and rarities.All in all id recommend this game to anyone looking for a good rpg or roguelike,"
,Recommended,259680,8803761,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Infernal Machine ☠,"Best Roguelike I have ever played. It gets rid of some of the unnessesary junk like hunger and identifying items, but sacrifices none of the gameplay depth. It focuses on hardcore dungeon crawling action mixed with questing. Most of the classes are initially locked, and while I thought this sucked at first, looking back on things, it actually got me to try out classes I would have never tried otherwise. As it turns out, I actually liked those classes and had a fun time playing them. All the classes play entirely different from each other and have a wide variety of different skills to choose from. There are also many races to choose from, each with their own bonuses and unique skill tree. Thanks to the numerous skill and race choices, playthroughs of the same class can play quite differently.  The game is incredibly fleshed out in these respects, keeping each play fairly fresh."
,Recommended,259680,17394014,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DJ Snow Halation!,"I've got to say that this is one of my favorite RL's ever. The removal of consumables, although with a hearty addition of spells, makes this game a lot faster paced than similar games. Its got a hell of a lot of replay value, and I highly recommend it."
76561198127258047,Recommended,259680,30052800,Posted: 20 February,all,Browncloak,"One of the best pure roguelike games out there. Full of content, huge amounts of unlockables, and strategic depth. Will keep you busy for hundreds of hours if you let it. For those new to roguelikes, download free titles such as Stone Soup, IVAN, or brogue. TOME is much more accessable than those titles due to mouse controls and full graphical interfaces, but they will give you an idea on what to expect."
,Recommended,259680,23300931,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,⋘smorebrother⋙,Didn't know WHAT the HECK was going on...Luckily this game has a great community and walked me through everything :)9.5/10 This is probably gonna become one of my all time favorite games!
,Recommended,259680,33870132,Posted: 28 July,all,WannaBeATree,"The best Fantasy RPG I have played, that has the feeling of progression as well as constant threat.Think Darksouls.I do not know of any other games where you can feel overpowered at high levels while actually fighting enemies that can easily kill you, if you are stupid, let your guard, try to rush or underestimate enemies.So many moments, where you just stand there after a seemingly hopeless fight that you got yourself into and ask yourself: ""How am I still alife?"" Then you collect the loot, get to town and say: ""Yeah it was totaly easy, no big deal"" and then get credit for beeing the hero, they think you are.Do that a couple of times and you notice that your gear doesn't look as shabby as when you started out. You notice, that you actually filled you whole skillbar or maybe two and remember how each and every one of them safed your life at some point, not to mention those cool wings you got now, or the sick looking aura.And when you think that nothing could kill you now, the game throws something at you, that you were not prepared to deal with and you try frantically to search for things you can do to survive . . .I am kinda subjective, because I am writing this, just after having fought a random monster, that I could just not kill even after many hundred rounds. Giving up, running away with my tail between my legs while getting hunted even outside the dungeon by other monsters that would easily kill the weakened me. Got better tactics/gear, tried again and again and finally got him. It was the first time I had to actively change my gear in midbattle, it was the first time I had to use skills and effekts that I thought were absolutely useless, but proved essential.Many solo-games can't teach you the advanced skills you can do with a game, simply because you never need them.This one does not teach you either, nooooo. It just throws more and more difficult problems your way and says:""Do or die."" And with a permadeathsystem in place . . .  well you realy don't want to repeat the last 20+ hours do you?So start thinking how to get our of this mess you got yourself into . . . again."
,Recommended,259680,31712637,Posted: 12 May,all,honque,"Arguably the best roguelike of its type. Content-rich and with a deep skill system, imo comparable to DCSS in depth and consistency of quality. At high levels it gets absolutely bonkers to the point where if you're not on your A game you shouldn't even bother playing, which is a great thing. Phenomenally replayable due to the steady unlocking of new races and classes as you play, and with addons on the official site and the workshop it becomes a desert island game. And there's dlc. Just very, very good."
,Recommended,259680,30129915,Posted: 23 February,all,Drunder,"This game is amazingly deep.  It's my favorite roguelike out there. Great world, fluid engine, incredible community... all around completely worth the money if you are looking to dive into a great rogue-like rpg!"
,Recommended,259680,12636860,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,❆Frozelar,"As everyone else is saying, this is probably one of the most elaborate games of its kind out there.  And with the astonishingly reasonable price, I'd say you should surely pick it up.  If this is your type of game, of course.  I could easily see an individual putting several hundreds, or possibly even more hours into this game."
,Recommended,259680,12409036,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,🍌,This game is my favourite game it has more than enough achievements to satite my ravenous autism.
76561198052500210,Recommended,259680,33112831,Posted: 1 July,all,Croknight,"Check my hours, yo.You can guess what I'm gonna say, right? If this game looked interesting to you after seeing the gameplay video then get it. It doesn't disappoint.Seriously though, wtfraresnakewith2guns???? Why is that swarm of bees holding guns too? EVERYTHING CAN EQUIP GUNS AND CHAINSAWS (lul) The orc expansion turns everything up a notch and Sawbutcher is one of the best classes in the game."
76561197994188717,Recommended,259680,27165992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Isvaffel,Exciting roguelike with lots of buttons. Can you find orc? Attack orc with bow or spell. Good replayability.
76561197999066527,Recommended,259680,25298413,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vurderlak,I use my 4K gaming rig to play this game that looks like it was made back in 1993. Worth it.
,Recommended,259680,14952940,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Prof H.L,"One of the most addicting, in-depth, strategy filled games I've ever played. While I'm sure the game is mainly known to fans of roguelikes, in my opinion this game transcends that genre. It's not only one of the best, if not THE best, roguelikes I've ever played, Tales of Maj'Eyal is one of the best strategy, rpg, indie, and whatever other genres apply to the game, that I've ever played.I randomly picked it up during a steam sale after seeing it mentioned around the internet so frequently and when I finally got around to giving it a try, I was instantly sucked in and addicted.DarkGod has given me hours upon hours of fun for a measly $2....and he's still constantly adding new content! This is the first game I've ever written a review for in my 10+ years on steam and it's for a reason folks. I was/am blown away by this game."
76561198014210785,Recommended,259680,10489206,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Antediluvian,"I have been searching for an old school brutal RPG for so long that I had almost given up, until now.  Everthing about this game speaks of patience, time and careful  development.   The developer/s have clearly played a vast array of games themselves and have created a game that will speak to the sophisticated RPG'er who isn't solely drawn to graphical thrills. The depth of character development and it's importance to your longevity in the game world is something I cannot stress you enough to take your time with.This turn based RPG is unforgiving and it's game types and difficulties are designed to help you learn to survive.  There is no ""Loading a save game""  when you're about to be 2 hit by a unique boss twice your lvl who has just seen you, warped behind you cackling with glee at it's next meal.  Brutal, ingenious and rewarding, this game will challenge you to develop strategies just get out alive more often than being concerned about killing your foe.You only have so many lives Adventurer.98 / 100"
76561198079414431,Recommended,259680,28030551,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Deligor,"This is what roguelikes are meant to be. Fair but brutal. Easy to pick up, but can also plot, plan, conive, and strategize to the end of days. Loads of start options (classes, races, that sort) to unlock, with a decent assortment of default-unlocked characters ranging through easy-hard and beginner-complex spectrums. Graphics, sound, music all functional enough to work nicely, backed by gameplay that would've still dwarfed them anyhow if it would've had a big studio throwing insane money at artists to pretty it up. Completely turn-based, so you can jump up to answer the phone or door or grab a snack or whatever else (like just trying to think your way out of a rough patch when it looks like next move could be the last) without needing to find a pause, but you'll likely find yourself already up later than intended claiming to yourself that you'll go to bed after just one more level. Replayability already high when played on regular difficulty and some extra lives allowed, then you can always turn up difficulty while playing one-life mode and playing a class you're less comfortable with to make it more interesting, while also hunting down large amounts of achievements, some of which are challenging all on their own, others are challenging except in the rare case that the RNG components smile on you. Or start a character with difficulty turned down and/or lives set to infinite just to get a better idea of what will and won't work out later before doing it on a ""real"" savefile. And then you could always get into using or making mods if you're into that. Have spotty internet sometimes? As long as you had it already downloaded, completely works in offline mode (with minor limitations of not getting special event dungeons unlocked if the dev sprinkles it to everybody, and offline mode has a separate shared stash from online mode).Still not sure? Poke around their website, there should still be a free version available (had some minor limitations when I did so years ago, looks like less limits now?). Worth every penny to buy though. Looking forward to getting Embers expansion and checking out its content before or after when I eventually get through more of what's already offered by the base game and Ashes expansion."
76561198005801919,Recommended,259680,22510933,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,mikec4500,"Wow, this game is just awesome. Don't let the graphics on the store page movies deter you from buying this game like it did me! I thankfully, gave it a shot one day while bored of the same old games and haven't been able to stop playing it since... if your are any kind of rpg fan, you have to try this game! Every class (that I have unlocked so far) feels and plays different than the next. I just can't give this game enough praise!"
,Recommended,259680,22345962,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Urist McSpiff,"fantastic roguelike that's very accessable to people who enjoy rpgs or other similar games.Pros:Randomly generated and new things to discover every timeTons of loreVery good amount of options for difficulty and permadeath.Lots of classes, decent amount of racesLots of skillsSimple but interesting combatOverworld, dungeon and town locationsSeveral different game modes you can unlockAwesome graphics, a bit retro but still pretty easy to readConsDifficult (if you're not into that)Some dungeons can be very busy lookingFree online, but the steam version supports devs and comes with quite a few nice extras.Some random dungeons can seem more or less the same as othersTL;DR A great roguelike for people who like roguelikes rpgs or dungeon crawlers, with a great UI and tiles, lots of character options, achievements and interesting combat"
,Recommended,259680,23177155,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,IA -ARIA ON THE PLANETES-,"(Don't be fooled with my playtime on record - I've started playing this game regularly six years ago and must have invested at least 300 hours in it.)When we look at roguelikes nowadays, we think of a couple things - text or pixel graphics, large pool of character customization, similar design but different feel every playthrough, massive replayability. Tales of Maj'Eyal (ToME) simply offers the best roguelike experience one could get: deep, nuanced gameplay that is not only highly customizable and replayable but also accessible to even someone who's new to the genre.One of the greatest hurdles that roguelike games have in appealing to the mainstream is the massive complexity that can be seen in some roguelikes. ToME, in fact, is a testament to this - featuring the most number of unique classes that I've ever seen in a game, all of which have differing playstyles and specializations, ranging from the ever-reliable warrior to shield-bearing mages manipulating earth magic to combat alchemists controlling massive golems. In most roguelikes, this complexity is rarely explained - and some would attest to finding out what X item is for as a part of the roguelike charm. What makes ToME remarkable, though, is making this complexity as accessible as possible. The tooltips for each skill, talent, or item not only gives concise, pertinent information that is easily understandable but even features some lore or description - which, in combination with in-game lore fleshes out a massive and detailed world.The graphics also are very pleasing. They obviously are not as polished or as pretty like the Endless series (Dungeon of the Endless etc), but the individual NPC/PC tiles have a tabletop RPG feel and further help flesh the world out with great visuals. The sound shines through in this game - the background music for each zone fits the zone's theme well without distracting the player.Replayability is also one of the major criteria that roguelikes are measured with. ToME is, in all seriousness, the absolute best value game - there are so many race and class combinations you can try, and within one class there are several ways of playing. A great non-spoiler example of this would be the Rogue, which can focus on hit-and-run stealth tactics, using debilitating poisons and tricks to bring down enemies to their knees, or using a variety of traps to contain and damage foes. One of the absolute best examples of this would be(spoiler)the melee/ranged hybrid Temporal Warden class, which simply has so many options and gameplay styles: Bounce around the map, doing damage and teleporting out of sight all in the blink of an eye (Threaded Combat); Summon entities to fight with you (Temporal Hounds); Bend space and time to prevent damage to you and stop enemies in their tracks (Stasis); or even focus your attacks on one enemy as you seal their fate (Fate Weaving). There's simply so many things you can try that even with a non-procedural map and game flow there is still almost limitless replayability to the game - if you can beat it, that is!I've played roguelikes for a long while - coming from classics like Angband, to modern games that stretch the limits of the genre such as Dungeon of the Endless and Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead, and to modern reimaginings and improvements on the genre - where games like Elona and ToME fall. While most modern roguelikes stretch the definition and innovate the genre in so many ways, ToME sticks close to the genre's roots and provides a high quality, high value gameplay experience. Thus, Tales of Maj'Eyal stands tall as the absolute best that the roguelike genre can offer."
,Recommended,259680,14444446,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Killo Zapit,"I have sort of conflicted feelings about Tales of Maj'Eyal. In short, if you judge it purely as a roguelike, I don't thing it don't hold up too well. Part of the reason I may think that may be my preference for NetHack influenced roguelikes, and my lack of familiarity or appreciation for Angband influenced or Ancient Domains of Mystery influenced rogelikes, but I am not sure how much Tales of Maj'Eyal's design is based on those games.On the other hand, judged as a RPG Tales of Maj'Eyal does a lot of things right. It has a rather interesting tactical battle system, lots of different character creation options, many ways to tweak and customize your skills, any many items to find that offer a lot of tactical death. It's story, while perhaps presented in a way that relies too much on finding and reading lore text, is at least interesting and presents a few dark twists on the standard high fantasy setting.No mater how you judge it, the interface is great, mostly easy to use but able to do a lot, the battles are fast-pasted and fun, and it can be very addicting. The graphics are simple but more then functional enough for what they are, and there are enough interesting special effects and visual flare to make up for the more static sprites. The music is generic but memorable and sometimes can actually be pretty fantastic, even if it is more or less all part of free game music packs.I think that is all that really needs o be said, but here is some more detail about how I think about it as a roguelike:The big problem with Tales of Maj'Eyal's design as a roguelike is simply that the game is too long, story heavy, and not random enough. There is variation in the loot you get and the monsters you face, but the over all world is basically set. Same world map, same town, same quests. The layout of a lot of the random zones are different but the basic themes of the zones are set, and each zone has a set rank for items, a set number of floors, a set list of enemies and possible bosses. Due to how the game is balanced and how enemies never respawn except in a few cases, it's basically required to repeat every zone and sidequest each run or you end up drastically underleveled very quickly, and due to each zone having fixed level requirements you can't even vary the order that much.Although you actually have multiple lives before dieing in the default mode, permadeath still is a problem and when it happens you have to start over from he start and go through the same old stuff you already saw again. There is a mode where you can simply have infinite lives, but I kind of wish there was some kind of middle ground, perhaps a way to start over with a new character but with a number of story events that carry over and alter the world. There is a unlock system that adds new races, classes, skill trees, and other things, and that helps, but it still only adds so much and may of the unlocks are obscure or tedious.I also have a problem with a lot of the streamlining or elimination of a lot of roguelike staples potions and scrolls are gone, and instead characters can equip a number of infusions or runes that can be used over and over again but have a cooldown timer between uses (actually every skill and magic spell in Tales of Maj'Eyal uses cooldown timers, I am not really a fan of them but it works). Wands and other tools work in a similar way as well. This eliminates stockpiling of consumable items, but also eleminates the sort of careful rationing of your resources you need to worry about in other roguelikes.It's only logical because of this that the whole item identification game is gone and no items have overall negative effects, eliminating the kind of risk vs reward of using items in a panic. Many people may not like needing to worry about identifying stuff but the feature exists in roguelikes for a reason, the same reason randomized levels exist, to make sure you can't just win with rote memorization, and so every action you take has to be done very carefuly. Roguelikes since the original Rogue have always been about exploration and experimentation and the whole idea with unknown items was a big factor in that.But again, despite all of these things I don't like about it as a roguelike, I still think it's a really good RPG. Maybe there isn't really that much of a difference, most roguelikes are basically RPGs after all, I just thought I would share my feelings on the subject."
,Recommended,259680,29054456,Posted: 6 January,all,KremathTheGayYiffyDragon,"When I started playing and saw how easily I was killing random rats and plants and crap I thought this was a more kiddie version of something like Dungeon Crawl: Stone Soup.It actually just presents itself very differently from that type of rogue-like, how there is more of an open ended singleplayer rather then just a random dungeon crawl deeper and deeper. The skills and talents for all of the classes and races really make it stand out and interesting.Good Video Game."
76561198058356083,Recommended,259680,32200577,Posted: 5 June,all,lamajoe75,"I had not played a true roguelike before ToME, but it was very accessible.  The player community is generally helpful and positive.  The devs and moderators are active and available to players."
,Recommended,259680,30487245,Posted: 13 March,all,Razakiel,"Played Paradox Mage, overused my powers of space and time and ripped open a portal to a dimension of mole people.Said mole people proceeded to wipe out an entire dungeon and the boss I was having trouble with.Said mole people then hunted me down in my desperate attempts to loot the boss and I ran for my life.10/10.In all seriousness, this game lets you do some really crazy stuff - you can be anything from a standard sword and board knight to a Demonologist with the power to trap your foes into your own pocket hell. Perhaps you want to raise minions from the corpses of your foes, or perhaps you simply want to summon them from the depths of your own mind. If you have a ""dream class"" in RPGs, chances are ToME has it. If it doesn't, chances are a mod for ToME has it. It does a great job of making you feel powerful, and also creates really unique experiences and stories that you can share with others. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,259680,30600408,Posted: 18 March,all,Yass,"Compared to the other reviewers who clocked hundreds (thousands!) of hours, I can't say much about the game. It's one of the best Rogue RPG I have ever played, its depth is amazing, and god the possibilities... ! I love the fact you need to unlock new races and classes with specific actions which makes me feel much better whenever I lose the game (compare it to Stone Soup for instance where your death doesn't change your options).The game mechanics and the skills system let you build so many different characters, it's just mental.Simply one of the best rogues out there period. Very often it's priced at around 1 euro, which is amazingly cheap for what it offers."
,Recommended,259680,14850252,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Bogus,"This game, is a must. so many builds/classes. i can see why it is overwhelmingly positive reviews. brilliant game.. a rose in this cess pool of garbage games."
76561197963584381,Recommended,259680,30767412,Posted: 27 March,all,Iconoclast,"Five levels of difficulty, ranging from ""Oh, a challenging RPG"" to ""I just spent 3 hours getting killed in the starting area"". ToME is a turn-based isometric roguelike with a global chat, so you can comiserate with fellow adventurers around the globe.+Deep combat mechanics aided by hundreds of spells and abilities+Super challenging, requires very strategic play+Dozens of unlocks including races, classes, skill trees and cosmetic items+Great replayability, almost required considered the amount of deaths you'll have+Constant updates/New content. The developer will randomly log on and grant everyone currently playing special abilities or easter eggs.-Laughably bad graphics.-Glitchy at times-Extremely steep learning curve-The game is so complex it's practically byzantine (it's a word, look it up). Guides are almost required.Have you seen the amount of achievements? Get this game."
,Recommended,259680,27907613,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Professional Feeder,"After playng this game, you will have to admit that graphics don’t make a game great. That’s what gameplay is for.While attractive visuals help with first impressions, they don’t retain players, and only the very best can temporarily enthrall."
,Recommended,259680,28363388,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PoppaGrim,"Tales of Maj-Eyal (TOME) is a magnificent game. It uses a deep system of combat and customization that starts simple but starts digging quickly. The story is engaging and often humorous, but appears almost entirely in the background through gameplay elements rather than tedious cutscenes and copy-pasta tv tropes.Everything about the game deserves praise: the combat, the customization, the freedom to make ambiguous moral choices, the art***, the replayability.Despite the omfg-is-that-dog-poop art, every other element of this game is so amazingly well done that this game has *earned* its glowing reviews and I felt obligated to add my voice to the choir of praise.***the part about the art deserving praise was a complete and utter lie. Not a fib, not an exaggeration, but a lie. The art for this game is the worst video game art I have seen, ever. It's truly unacceptable and there is *no* excuse for the author's failure to get a few fans to replace it with... anything really.......F*ck*ng seriously, start upgrading the art already, you've got plenty of fans who would do it for free."
,Recommended,259680,23978600,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ching-Chong Potato,"Adventures of ""Gonna die soon, plz send help""-Went into town-Accidentaly right clicked a peasant-Saw the option to attack-Thought you can't actually do that to allies-One hit killed the peasant-Other peasants ganked on me-One shot all of them-Felt bad-Glitched myself through trees and drowned by standing at the side of a lake-Respawned-Saw a shady guy-Wanted to kill him, but he told me he could give me money for killing things-I accepted-The enemies were the rest of the peasants-Im dead inside now-Left and came back into town hoping that the peasants respawned-They didn't-Explored the rest of the world in search of more peasant ""friends""-Heard a guy crying and saw a secret hatch-Went inside-Almost crapped my pants when i saw the enemy's level-Never mind, they die quickly-Found the crying merchant and next to him stood a level 14 boss-Im level 6-He was a bit angry, because i killed his men-Pants are being soiled-I asked him why he kidnapped the merchant-He's not like most stupid movie villlains and sees through my plan-Shiiiiit-Was almost dead, but convinced him to make me his ♥♥♥♥♥-He accepted-Merchant is still crying-Got an achievement for becoming the villain's ♥♥♥♥♥-Later to make me cheer up, i destroyed an entire forest and everything in it-Saw a new enemy with no face, but only a mouth-I wonder what they do in their free time...-Think i can kill them-Somehow they trap me and continue to bite off my nuts-I die10/10"
,Recommended,259680,14962242,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SajBear,It has over 1300 achievements ffs. :D - 29/10!
,Recommended,259680,9607158,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Wazuzu,"This is one of the best and most user-friendly ""plot"" roguelikes.It has everything a typical hardcore roguelike should have, except 150+ keymappings for all the actions.It has nice, fancy graphics and special effects.It has lots of unlocks and achievements you will be struggling hard to get.It has TONS of different player classes, each offering unique experience to the gamer.Finally, it's initially free of charge (checkte4.org), and for buying it you get some nice cosmetic stuff, local stash, ability to write in global chat and a badass dwarf hybrid melee + caster class dual-wielding shields."
76561197991563618,Recommended,259680,8160130,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TheKirkUnited,"A pretty brutal roguelike with a very simple easy to use interface. All of the usual fantasy tropes present and accounted for as well as some other fun additions not commonly found in such games. Classes run the gamut from standard beat stick warriors and glass cannon archmages all the way to the strange paradox magi and psionic solipsists.The game can be especially frustrating when playing low hp characters who can die in a single turn if you don't scout ahead so I wouldn't recommend it to anyone with a short temper, but if you're a fan of roguelikes it's a pretty solid addition to your library.And if you're aren't sure you want to buy it you can play the game for free on the creator's website. You can't lose."
,Recommended,259680,8474974,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lebe Frei,"Fun, challenging and it keeps me coming back for more. I have put more time into this game that I would have ever expected. I actually heard about this game a while ago when it was based in Middle Earth but I never gave it a chance. I missed out. I finally decided to try the free version and I loved it and figured I'd buy it on steam.For starters, this game is HARD. If you have never played a roguelike before this is at least more inviting with decent graphics, but it packs all of the challenge. In a roguelike, if you die you stay dead. However, there is a more forgiving adventure mode, and even an unlimited lives exploration mode. In my opinion, exploration mode should be ignored. You need to learn to value your character and every move it makes, and being able to die over and over spoils that.The main campaign is long and hard. It has a level cap of 50 which will just barely be reached by some races, and not hit by others due to experience penalties. Don't worry though, those races bring great bonuses along with the penalties. You can be a Yeek, a little while furry creature, and summon other yeeks or move faster than one turn allows. You can be a more traditional elf, summoning trees to your aid, or a dwarf that gains bonuses from hoarding his cash.How hard is the campaign? You might die on your first map. You might die to your first enemy, if you're unlucky or unskilled. However, you will get better. Of the starting classes, the berserker has the ability to fight all the way to the end and survive, while learning the ins and outs of the game. The alchemist is much more fragile, but can summon a golem to aid him; it's nice to have a friend along for the tough journey. New classes, races and categories are unlocked by accomplishing various goals, from killing a certain boss to dealing one million fire damage.There are abundant side quests, and they offer much needed bonus experience and items. The game has a randomized loot system and powerful uniques, like many modern RPGs. The skill system is deep and rewarding. You will think hard about how to distribute each precious point, and when you die you will look back at where you went wrong and how you can correct it for the next run.My first character was a Higher (noble/special human) alchemist, and I died on the second zone that I entered. The enemies were higher level than I was, and it was just the wrong place to be in. Second I tried a Cornac (common human) berserker, and died in the game's final battle. That was a painful loss, but I went back to the drawing board and came in with a Wyrmic; a dragon-based character with the power of nature on his side. This time I made it, and managed to unlock almost everything along the way as well (except for the aforementioned one million fire damage, which took me a lot longer).The game is offered for free, with the paid version offering very little additional content. However, I have to strongly recommend purchasing the game here on steam. This game deserves recognition, it's a really great and lovingly crafted roguelike/rpg. The more purchases it gets, the more it will gain prominence and the more work will be done on it. According to his website, the developer has many more campaigns in the works, including one that lets us play from the side of the villainous (or downtrodden and misunderstood?) orcs. I'm looking forward to more and this game has rightfully earned a spot on my favorites list."
,Recommended,259680,16233659,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ausemere,"I have 100+ hours on this game already - and that's on Steam only;  you can get a free non-Steam version of ToME on its website - so I feel it's time to make a review.First things first, it's a roguelike alright: permadeath, randomized world, tile-based graphics, yadda yadda. And yet it's a great introduction to the roguelike genre, because there are options to play it with a number of lives, or even unlimited ones, to get the hang of the game! Not EVERYTHING is randomized (there are fixed artifacts, fixed locations, etc but it still feels like a roguelike). Also, it contains intuitive UI and gameplay. For example, there are practically no consumables like potions and scrolls - not in the sense we're accostumed to. Instead, your powers (and some items) have cooldowns along with, naturally, some resource management (stamina, mana, psi, etc.). Cast X spell/move? Wait Z turns to use it again. Or, maybe, use some talent that can reset some cooldowns ;-). That cooldown system is really intuitive and just one of the many reasons I'm in love with ToME.Now let's talk about the world. I'm not an old ToME follower but unless I'm mistaken, it used to be set in Tolkien's Middle-Earth, until it was changed to a more original lore. And it's a great lore: the continent of Eyal was, some time ago, devastated by catatrophic used of magic (i.e the Spellblaze), there are still mage hunters (Zigur), there are political issues (Halflings are militaristic and even used to slave Yeeks); heck, even the demons have a touching and fantastic backstory! So, in terms of lore, the game has good stuff to offer. Some of the actual places are very creative, too: tunnels of sand that can collapse and swallow the uncautious adventurer, underwater ruins, necromancer dens, forests, deserts, and so on...In terms of races/classes, there are 11 races and 26 classes, allowing for tons of builds. There are your classic warriors (Bulwark, Berserker), mages (Archmage, Necromancer) and even exotic classes that can manipulate things like their foes' dreams (Solipsist), draconic powers (Wyrmic) and even time itself (Temporal Warden, Paradox Mage)! Most of the races and classes are unlocked as you progress in the game and do certain tasks, which aren't too hard, honestly. But if you're impatient, then you can look for an addon (mod) that unlocks everything right out of the bat. ;-)Anyway, it's getting too long. I typed all of that to convice you to PLAY THE GAME. Seriously, play it. It's great, no matter if you're a roguelike veteran or new to the genre (like me, actually)!"
76561197999782420,Recommended,259680,19123047,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,MordaRazgrom,"This is seriously one of the best rogue-likes out there!  It is quite punishing, but not oppressively so like Dungeon Crawl.  There is a steep learning curve, your first adventure, or first few dozen adventures will probably not yield you anything game-wise, but you will learn.  Playing around a little bit, you will start seeing synergies with how the different skills for the classes interact with each other, and then start building yourself a truly powerful character.For me, nothing feels better than having your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by the game repeatedly, and then, figuring out the class you're trying to do, and waltzing through the end-game content like a seasoned veteran...because you are!  You will learn the strategies, understand the tactics, shape your reactions to the situations appropriately, and you will conquer!  You will earn your end-game god-like status not by farming, or investing time at the expense of brainpower, you will earn it through sweat and, sometimes, tears of frustration, but you absolutely will earn it, and when you deal that final blow, you will feel like you truly accomplished something great......and then you will start the process over again, learning a new class!"
,Recommended,259680,16472365,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,An Actual Bear,"I believe this game to be a true, natural evolution of the roguelike genre. It has all the fun and challenge of a classic roguelike but updated with modern conveniences. Not to mention this game is just sopping wet with lore that, if you actually take the time to read through, is pretty damn interesting. In short, it's been an amazing experience so far. If you're a fan of the classics like ADOM then I couldn't recommend this enough.One of the things I absolutely adore about this game is all the unlockables. In a genre in which you can die fairly quickly or lose hours of progress over one stupid mistake, you need good amounts of replay value to keep you rolling characters. This game does that pretty well with tons of unlockables. You not only have races, classes and talent trees to unlock, but also prodigy unlocks that'll give every character you roll items like the transmogrification box which automatically picks up junk items and turns them into gold.There's a fairly good variety of dungeons in this game. Not only in style and layout but in the ways you can go about progressing in them. I found myself in a cave with no hallways filled with passive worms that chewed up sections of the wall. In order to go to the next room you needed to follow one of these worms and if you stuck around in one of its tunnels for too long it could collapse on you. Made for a really intense boss fight at the end. Not to mention each dungeon is filled to burst with it's own lore which is definitely a plus. A lot of them have little challenges too in the form of rooms behind stuck doors. If you choose to open these doors you're usually faced with tough monsters and traps, but also some pretty fancy loot. It's completely optional so if you're struggling to get through a dungeon then it's just not worth it.In the time I've been playing I haven't been able to find a whole lotta quests. It seems like half the people you talk to early-game are all looking for potion ingredients but the rest were actually pretty interesting. I found a secret door in the overworld that took me to a rogue's den where they captured a merchant. You have the choice of joining the rogues or freeing the merchant which unlocks a rare items shop in one of the towns. Later-game quests get more interesting as well.Teaching someone how to play your game is very important. It's something I think about every time I play a game and it can ultimately ruin a player's experience early on if they have no idea what they're doing. Now this is especially difficult with games like this that are filled with content and complexity. The solution? Unlockables. This game gives you the basics of each different type of class to start off with. This keeps the player from being overwhelmed with options at the beginning or the advanced know-how to play the more strategic classes. It also gives the player a goal early on to keep them playing. I had no trouble at all learning how to play this game. If you're new to roguelikes then I don't think you'd have troubles either.I think my only real gripe with this game is the random escort missions you get on some dungeon floors. They're great in that if you do manage to escort them to their portal, you get a pretty decent reward. However, their ai is absolutely ridiculous. They tend to blindly trudge slowly towards their portal and tend to get themselves trapped between monsters or just refuse to run away from some of them which is double bad if you're a ranged class. There's a mod in the workshop that helps with this problem but the problem's still kinda there, you're just able to make them wait in one spot for x amount of turns.All in all, this game is fantastic. The amount of content you get in this game is astounding, too. Even it's DLC is soaked in content. Not to mention the price is pretty damn reasonable. If you're into roguelikes then there's no reason not to pick this up. If you're trying to get into roguelikes but are left feeling empty playing roguelike-likes or games that claim to have ""roguelike elements"" expecting to get that same rush playing NetHack then you owe it to yourself to play this game. You can tell the developer put a lot of love into it and they deserve every cent they get."
,Recommended,259680,13874572,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Gospel,Four hours in and loving it. This is a great graphical roguelike with an absurd amount of customization and exploration.
,Recommended,259680,15699815,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Levity,"Titans of stats, loot and abilities engage in often ridiculous combat.Insane amounts of content. Unique and satisfying progression. Incredible random loot. Fun and tactical combat. Plenty of space for build experimentation. Varied, highly original classes/races. Regular updates. A mix of silly/epic lore and worldbuilding. Different experiences each playthrough. Plenty of easter eggs. Great boss battles.You need to reach around level 20-25 to really get a feel for the game. This truly is a god among roguelikes, imo."
,Recommended,259680,25979552,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,vox_cati,"ToME is a thoroughly enjoyable old-school fantasy RPG with loads of races, classes, skills, items, and enemies, deep and interesting quests in a large world, and a variety of difficulty and permadeath options, all wrapped up in a graphical package with a decent UI.Great things:- Story: lore abounds throughout the world- Breadth and depth of world: dozens of dungeons, some quite deep, on multiple continents, as well as towns, roaming NPCs, and plenty of areas that are unlocked by quests- Variety of monsters: there are rats and orcs, but so much more, as well - necromancers, fantastic magical creatures, hordes of wyrms... the list goes on- Variety of gear: multiple tiers with many levels of quality, tons of interesting egos, artifacts, and unusual things like lanterns and charms- Variety of maps and dungeons: every place feels different and has a different theme and story- Variety of graphical sprites: some dungeons look alike, but most places have a distinct look - also, plenty of weapon, armor, and character sprites to keep things interesting- High ratio of progression to tedium- Exploration mode gives you infinite lives, for those who like an easy game once in a while- 1,600+ achievements- Many UI and graphics configuration and customization options- Extremely good price for the amount of depth and replayability (less than one US cent per achievement, too)Not-so-great things:- Can feel very unbalanced at times (compared to other modern roguelikes): it's common to step into an enemy's line-of-sight and die instantly from a sudden powerful attack, even on normal difficulty- Default tiles are a bit painful on the eyes: I prefer the OldRPG tiles from the Steam Workship, which give the game a somewhat more Legend of Zelda-like look- In-game map is just colored blocks with no additional information- Automatic waypoint navigation is only available through add-ons, and the choices there are imperfect at best- High-DPI displays: if you zoom the UI, the hotbar is buggy unless the hotbar icon size is set to default (32 pixels)- Linux + NVIDIA: Some graphical flickering and slowness, especially with shader effects enabled"
76561197972483399,Recommended,259680,10474846,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hamburger!,"For those of us who can play a game without needing to be wowed by fancy graphics -- but instead be enamoured by the depth, challenge and gameplay of a rogue-like, this is for you. I LOVE this game. So many different race and class combinations and then you realize there are heaven knows how many builds for the character combos you like the most. Fun loot, detailed story (that you can just as well skip if you just want to hack and slash), and every time you play you can unlock a new game mode or race or class to make things more interesting. This brings me back to my C64 days -- where your game HAD to be good by virtue of substance because it was not technically possible to deliver elegant style. You can play for ten minutes or hours on end -- it's a great palette cleanser for other games as well!"
,Recommended,259680,25298354,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pvt_OBrien,"ToME is a fantastic game with a great community. The game really draws you in and you get addicted fast. It's very difficult at times and has some really intense moments as well. There is a chat feature in game where you can talk, link items, ask for help and advice, etc. I can't reccomend it enough if you're a fan of rougelikes."
,Recommended,259680,11860428,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,steev,Thanks DarkGod for supporting my platform so well for all these years. I want to offer my love and respect til the end. Cheers
76561198028723145,Recommended,259680,24559853,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,jadedknut,"If you want a complex, challenging roguelike/RPG experience with plenty of lore to read and things to unlock, this is the game. Just keep in mind that this isn't a roguelike you can quickly jump into, and the campaign isn't short; it's much more of a commitment than something like Risk of Rain.With that said, if you want a game that's easy on the eyes, look elsewhere..."
76561198018598516,Recommended,259680,16004671,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,euplatious,"This is my first time encountering TOME ever here on Steam.  I've already put almost 20 hours into the game this weekend alone, and I'm wondering why I didn't play this game sooner!The depth (more than 1000 achievements!) and time that you can spend on one character, only to watch it die and having to start over is a great thing in gaming .  You get to really care about the investment!Combine the price with the many mods and the massive amount of depth the game has and you have an awesome package!"
76561197961277512,Recommended,259680,16315045,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TiduZ,"Graphics are simple but the mechanics are deep. Classes have skills like in WoW but with more skills and more customization akin to an ARPG. Things that could be tedious are streamlined not to be, for example loot you don't want is automatically disenchanted for gold at end of level. The campaign to actually win is long, but not too long. You can play with only 1 life or with a few lives and unlock a few more the further you get, which is great because even a very experienced player will likely die a few times on nightmare difficulty and above. The classes are completely unique and have a lot going on with them. If you enjoy min/maxing a brand new class with a bunch of abilities, you can do that for hundreds of hours since there are so many classes. This game has a tendency to make time pass by faster than expected like in Civilization games.Only negative I have with it is that the early game on the highest difficulties is too unforgiving.Also my initial impression of the game wasn't great, it took me about an hour to start to realize how good it was."
,Recommended,259680,9387713,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"This is the best roguelike on steam. Strikes a perfect balance between usability/user friendliness with depth and complexity. I'll review this game by highlighting what I think sets it apart from other games in the genre.No consumable items- TOME doesn't have potions, scrolls, or wands. You choose a limited number of abilities that give you the function that consumables play in other games - quick heal, regen, teleport, blink, fireball, etc. This eliminates the issues lots of people have with hoarding consumables, not knowing when to use them, the pain of having them destroyed, etc. Picking and choosing the right abilities adds a layer of depth that doesn't exist in other roguelikes.Fast- this game plays lightning fast and is very streamlined, thanks to the lack of consumables. Of course, it's turn based, so it's only as fast as you want...but I tend to play pretty fast, and lots of roguelikes feel sluggish in comparison.Broad- Lots of classes, from your standard mage and warrior to the cool weird things like Chronomancers and Wyrmics (dragon-fighters).Deep- The different classes feel distinct. In addition to the obvious (different skills and equipment), different types of classes have different types of resources (mana/stamina/equilibrium/hate/probably some other ones) that work in different ways.Combat Is Fun- This is the only roguelike I've played where melee combat is actually fun. You get lots of buttons to push that do different things. In most roguelikes, the coolest thing about your melee character is the equipment you find. In TOME, you can actually do cool♥♥♥♥♥♥- charge, shout, whirlwinds, cleaves, etc.Simple- This doesn't mean easy and it doesn't mean shallow - it just means simple. Clean, streamlined design. The action bar is great - every option your character has is on it, so you always know what you can and can't do. No navigating labyrinthine menus, no checking your inventory after you died and remembering you could have used your blink, etc.Overworld- Like ADOM and not like Crawl, TOME features a static overworld that's always the same and features the same dungeons/locations, which are themselves randomized. This isn't necessarily better or worse, just putting it out there.This game is an absolute blast. If you liked Dungeons of Dreadmor, you owe it to yourself to take a step up to a more serious and more interesting game. :)"
,Recommended,259680,30488532,Posted: 13 March,all,|The Narcissists| Darden,"I got this game thinking it mitght be something good, but i wasn't too impressed with the videos in the store page (note: I'm not one to judge ""bad"" or ""outdated"" graphsics, I actually enjoy ToME (Tales of Maj'Eyal) graphics).After I installed it and played the tutorial i was a little overwhelmed with the possibilities and startet an elven alchemist run. Because I had no clue of all the graphical cues and I didnt know that i was getting rekt untill it was too late I died on the very first floor.  After that I startet a human Archer and got out of the first area killing the boss and I was proud of my achievements.Ater only a few runs I was hooked and couldn't stop playing the game for 30 hours in 5 days. I have never ever experienced something like it and had to take a break from the game since I was very frustrated for beeing bad :PI encourage everyone that loves rouge-like RPGs to get this game, you can play for many many hours.Pros:Great level and enemy variety and no run is the sameMany different races and classes with many different skills for a nigh unlimited replayabilityYou can unlock many classes, races and skills and there are many achivements to get (pretty much impossible to get all)Many different resources like mana, vim, psi...You can disable permadeath and choose either unlimited deaths or limited deaths insteadloads of loreThe ""only one more turn"" problem some games have. I lost lots of sleep because it suddenly was 4AMCons:You can get ♥♥♥♥ed by RNGSome classes are really bad and others are god-worthyIt will take you some time to get used to the UI and graphics, but once you got it its great.You will die. alot. sometimes very early on and othertimes to an incredibly powerful foe who randomly spawned there only to ♥♥♥♥ you over even though you had your best run so far. I love that but might be a big nogo for some people.Sometimes it laggs a bitThe ""only one more turn"" problem some games have. I lost lots of sleep because it suddenly was 4AM(this is both good and bad)There are probably many more things i didn't mention because i forgot. and I lost gametime on steam for some odd reason, i have like 20 hours more in the game than whats displayed.TL:DRGreat game for a great price with great replayability."
76561198119559680,Recommended,259680,28986044,Posted: 3 January,all,Thewhitemagic,"-Start off as a Berserker-Work my way through the game and complete quite a few quests-Kill quite a few powerful bosses and get some insanely good loot-Find a Hidden Compound while adventuring around-Enter the compound and discover that it's a hidden slaver's compound-Slaves are being mind-controlled by little tiny mage-creatures-Get beat to death by a horde of enthralled slaves-After defeating many brave foes and becoming very powerful, Sethlan the Berserker is finally slain by an army of ♥♥♥♥ing slaves.Get this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,259680,24901498,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nicocat,I made a boss kill himself with his own instakill death laser.10/10 would buy again.
76561198051888621,Recommended,259680,31364435,Posted: 25 April,all,The Sheriff,"So much replayability its insane.Tons of classes and races to choose from each with their own unique abilities and playstyles. No two classes feel the same. You have your basic classes like Archer, Archmage, Rogue and Berserker and then there's also really weird classes like the Possesor, the Temporal Warden (control time and space) and a class that uses the power of dreams and thoughts. (and many more, I think there's like a total of 30 classes)In one playthrough you won't be able to see everything a class has to offer, so that gives you reason to even try out a class you already played as again but as a different race.There's a basic campaign mode, an arena mode where you just fight enemies and an endless dungeon mode.You can choose whether you want to play it as a rogue-like, have a limited number of lives or have infinite lives.Something I really like is this game lacks consumables, you just gain healing or mana regaining abilities that have a cool down.Then there's dozens of different mods that add even more content to the game. There is so much freedom in this game its ridiculous."
,Recommended,259680,25543978,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,eb,"About half a dozen RPGs in an overcoat pretending to be a roguelike. Unavoidably flawed given how huge it is, but mod support is excellent and you can easily improve/get rid of the annoying stuff (or add more if you like your RPGs bloated to hell and back). Has one of the ugliest, least functional tilesets ever, but the fake ASCII mode looks fantastic and you don't want to know what a yeek really looks like anyway.Also, a warning: prolonged exposure to the Last Hope/Gates of Morning music will cause massive headaches."
,Recommended,259680,23598746,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,76% Turbulence,"Jam every idea you can into it, a confusing mix of stats, classes, races, 'feats', skills and various gauges.Reminded me of AD&D at it's 'worst'.Absolutley love it."
,Recommended,259680,31402700,Posted: 27 April,all,abelard,"This is my first ""roguelike"" although I have played a lot of RPGs before. Basically what that means is it's turn-based, levels are procedurally generated, it's fairly challenging, and there is permadeath. (The last can be tweaked a bit in different modes but there are no save slots in any mode.)The graphics are obviously not the Witcher 3, but are good enough, in a nice semi-realistic ""classic fantasy"" style. (I personlly don't like cartoony graphics like say Torchlight.)The music is surprisingly good, some of it is available here if you're curious-https://www.jamendo.com/artist/2740/celestial-aeon-project?language=enThe gameplay is very deep. There are dozens of different classes, including rather exotic ones like ""Oozemancer"" and one that dual wields shields. Some of these are initially locked (one of the few questionable design decisions IMO), but that can be changed with a mod. There are the usual stats like INT and STR, plus a lot of different resistances and abilities. One nice thing is that bosses are generally not immune to things like stun and slow. Some games (Final Fantasy for example) have trash mobs that are too easy to bother using debuffs on, but then the bosses are immune, so a lot of the spells are pointless. Here you find yourself using all of your abilities fairly frequently.One of the areas it really shines is in eliminating anything that is tedious. For example, most RPGs have consumables, and you can cheese things by stocking up on them, which requires grinding. Instead of consumables you have ""infusions"" that are basically swappable skills with cooldowns. This means you have to time your cooldowns well, and be humble enough to run away sometimes, instead of just buying a stack of potions. Another is you can automatically explore a zone. This doesn't make the game easier exactly, since these type of things aren't challenging, just boring. It is really good at streamlining things without dumbing them down.Given that it's procedurally generated, the story is I would say above average but not amazing, although the writing is quite good and there is a lot of lore. Instead it focuses on replayability and different game modes. There are about 1,300 achievements, however many of these are duplicates based on the three different permadeath modes (permadeath one life, permadeath multiple lives and no permadeath) and difficulty levels. I think there are 9 combinations so 1,300 / 9 = ~140 achievements roughly. Still a decent number. And with so many classes you can definitely have a lot of different playthroughs.For the price I wasn't expecting much, but was very pleasantly surprised. This is not one of those trendy, shallow gimmicky indie games that you play for a few hours then get bored. It's deep, engaging and very well designed and thought out."
,Recommended,259680,34319916,Posted: 17 August,all,roguefrog,"Tales of Maj'Eyal (formly Tales of Middle-Earth, which is based off the Angband branch, which in turn is off Moria...history!) AKA TOME...is a classical roguelike definately worth playing.If you've never played a real genuine roguelike before, this game is probably one of the best starting points to get a real feel for the genre since it is very accessible (logical mouse and hot keys controls) and friendly. (you can die and still continue depending on the customizable difficulty)The classes really do feel very distinct and there are a lot of them. (and many more you'll unlock and more besides) The writing is mostly good and even comical at parts. And of course with all roguelikes, there is the learning of the thing. You level up alongside your characters in how to best progress through the game without dying. Good luck."
,Recommended,259680,10201350,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Enzor,Well designed GUI and combat system. I'm quite impressed! My past favorite roguelike was Stone Soup Crawl but I got tired of the beginning always feeling the same. It's nice that each race has its own starting game to contend with.
,Recommended,259680,8397151,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Babyshifter,"I've been playing this game for about a year, 100% free, amazed at the value Darkgod (creator and omniscient benefactor of TOME) would offer to the world for nothing. With ultimate challenge, replayability and immersion I count this easily among the best games I have ever played. As rogue-likes go it is definitively the best out there.So if all of the above was free why did I buy it on Steam? Because I need this man to take my money and make even greater, more wonderful adventures for me to be utterly destroyed in."
,Recommended,259680,8910911,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Silly Little Goose,Love this game. Like a fast paced single player table top like D&D or Pathfinder.
,Recommended,259680,8033146,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Five-Headed Snake God,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a roguelike with modern design.  Rather than being a simple dungeon crawler, it's a full-fledged RPG that plays like a roguelike - with more options for character building and more things to do.  Playing the game unlocks new races and classes to play, so permadeath isn't just a penalty, but a feature that lets you play something new and exciting.  Every race and class plays differently, so you will rarely lack for new things to do.Bottom line: beneath the seemingly simple veneer is a great game that's more than worth your time and money."
,Recommended,259680,16972401,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Stephie93,"Short version: This is a wonderful roguelike and well worth the price.Longer version:  Tales of Maj'Eyal is a nicely balanced turn based roguelike set in a well written world filled with lore.  The graphics are nice and simple, with many similar roguelikes using ASCII instead.  There is a nice selection of classes and races with a large amount of unlockable classes that all have interesting differences to set them apart.  For 2 examples, you could be a defensive tank with the bulwark class, or an alchemist, lobbing magic infused gems as explosives while your golem protects you.Another nice detail is the differentiation between arcane, nature and psionic abilities, including the presence of items ""Infused by arcane disrupting forces"", which can mess with any arcane abilities.  And what roguelike would be complete without randomly generated gear, with a nice amount of pre-generated artifacts(with written lore/descriptions) to add to the mix.Lastly, this game also has a good selection of difficulty level, with normal, easier and nightmare unlocked by default, along with the for exploration mode, adventurer mode or roguelike mode.  As the names might suggest, the roguelike mode is permadeath, with a rare few exceptions, while adventurer mode gives you a couple lives, along with a few more as you reach the higher levels, though enemies do fully reheal if you respawn.If you're a fan of roguelikes or turn based rpgs, then this is a game well worth looking into."
,Recommended,259680,15270226,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,kurcatovium,"Graphics: 10/10 just for troll's sake of eye-candy potatoes. Graphics is the last thing that should matter in games.Story: 10/10 because who cares about story in game like this? There are tons of scrolls and books that helps understand the world and everything else. And there's humor too.Dying: 10/10 killed by rat, ramen worms, snakes, vampires, elves, trolls, plants, suffocating, drowning, devouring, poisoning, ... So many nice deaths to have there. And so common if not played carefully.Characters: There's so many options and possibilities you'll feel like in heaven if you're obsessed with stats, skills, perks, modifiers, different build approaches, micro managing and stuff like this. There are TONS of those things.Gameplay: 15/10 ... achievements, that makes sense and unlocks another classes, races, skills, etc? Hell yeah! Cool combat? Easy to learn, fu*king hard to master? Oh, yeah baby! This game will last hundreds of hours. I've 30 hours so far and haven't even reached level 20... Sweet sweet permadeath. But no matter what, you'll still be dragged to try it again and again. Recommended by 5 out of 5 addicts!Fun: ∞/10 and something beyond. Period."
,Recommended,259680,14967548,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Thing,"Simply put one of the better roguelikes out there, and a steal for the low price they're asking for it. You get quite complex mechanics, a decently sized world with tons of well written lore, constant updates and most importantly the game scratches that roguelike itch that makes you want to recreate a character and start a new playthrough just after you've been murdered in one of the thousand ways TOME will try to kill you.It's great and you should feel bad if you don't own it yet."
76561197991622855,Recommended,259680,9392981,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Gravybiscuit,"Amazing roguelike game, challenging but not unfair and easier to get into than many other roguelikes. If you're unfamiliar with then genre, think  turn based Diablo. There is a huge selection of classes to choose from, and you can play the same class multiple ways since you have a limited amout of skill points. The game's tileset looks great, but there is an ASCII mode too if you prefer that. The music is well done, and so are the sound effects.The game is available free on the developers website if you'd like to try it out, but you wont have access to a lot of features that come with the paid version, mostly an item stash and Steam Workshop mods. Definately worth picking up."
,Recommended,259680,15411647,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shareoff,"I wish I'd heard about this game sooner!It's SO FUN. I've already played it for 20 hours and I'm not even close to being done with it! I just want to keep playing all the time. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys roguelikes, and I think most people that enjoy RPGs could enjoy this as well. Don't be fooled by its price, or relatively low amount of players compared to games like FTL or TBOI (which I also love!): This game is rich to no end, intriguing, fun, difficult, interesting, enjoyable. You get much more content for your money than any other game I've seen before. With a huge variety of unique classes and races you can form your own playstyle and stick to it; Or otherwise you can explore, discovering little bits and pieces of the huge world though the races' personal stories and some class unique events.You can get it for free on their website if you don't want to buy it. I got it on sale for 1.80$ and I don't regret it one bit. It's worth so much more than the full price, you're basically getting charged pocket money for what it is. It almost feels like a scam.I cannot stress the amount of content there is in this game and how excited I am to explore it all. It's simply amazing!"
,Recommended,259680,21538693,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Atomik Doctor,Was gifted by the Dark Gods with sheer badassery on my humble Beserker for five glorious hours10/10
76561198019856429,Recommended,259680,21623301,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MC Bishop,"This game, in my oppinion, is THE deffinitive modern Rouglike."
,Recommended,259680,8934331,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,TRXD,"Harsh, unforgiving, and addictive.ToME is one of the few rogue-like RPGs that gets me frustrated over its unforgiving difficulty and harsh gameplay. And I love it because of it. The game gives a feeling of challenge and forces you to learn all of its mechanics and tricks. Fail to remember any and you will quickly lose all of your lives.Did I mention that this game is a rogue-like? ToME is a game which has you create your own character picking one of the several races and classes. You can be a human warrior, an elven rogue, or even a halfling mage. The choice is yours. But don't get too attached to your character as they will very easily die. By default, your character is given only a few lives. Run out of them and it's game over. You either have to restart your character's entire story or make a new one. If perma-death or limited lives aren't your thing, there is an option to have infinite lives. But this removes a lot of the challenge in the game and you will not be able to get much of the game's NUMEROUS achievements.While this game has very minimalistic graphics and mostly comprises of still images for characters and objects, it gives a very reminiscent feel of old rogue-like dungeon crawlers. The art-style is a very interesting one but might not appeal to all people. Overall, the game is very well design and made. It has the right amount of challenge and design put into it. The game even has its own lore set and a very interesting world to study and explore. And if you are worried about any lack of replayability, there is a ton of it. All of the dungeons are randomly generated. There are a wide variety of ways to play this game and interesting combinations of characters you can make. And the number of achievements will have completionists at their desks for days trying to get them all. If you feel that the game is lacking a certain something, this game does have Workshop support. So if you wish to make a Vampire race or even make one of the enemy races playable, then you can. This game is very open to mods and highly encourages it.All in all, this is a very well-made game that will have on the edge of your seat as you try to keep your character alive. I recommend it to anyone who loves a good old fashioned dungeon crawler or anyone who is looking for something new in the swamp of games that is the Steam store."
76561198031565864,Recommended,259680,8446205,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Stedms,"One of the best rougelikes I've played in years. Easy enough to understand and complex enough to challenge you, I'd recommend playing this game whether you’re a rouge like veteran or someone new to the genre."
,Recommended,259680,17595515,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Confanity,"Don't be fooled by the simple, tile-based graphics. This is easily the most polished roguelike I've played. It demands a lot of thought, and rewards you with deep and engaging gameplay with important choices to make on multiple levels. As you progress through the story and unlock more races, classes, and skills, the number of possible play styles available multiplies. It takes a lot of time to even begin to master, but is compartmentalized in a way that allows you to play in short doses if your life is generally busy.One warning: don't get this game if you're a compulsive completionist. There are close to 1400 achievements; it's simply impossible to do more than a relative handful of them unless you're one of those lucky YouTube entertainers who plays games for a living."
,Recommended,259680,22115631,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,"RandomHobo, Inc.","This a (mostly) well made RPG that is very fun to play8/10Pros:-Good storyline-Lots of interesting lore and history to be discovered-Reminds me of good classic RPGs (such as rogue, obviously, and D&D)-Not easy or annoyingly difficult-Lots of classes and races to unlock-Lots of interesting gear to find-Balanced leveling-up and skill unlock system-Very fun to playCons:-There are large walls of text that give lore, history, and important plot information-You might not get the whole ""feel"" of the game if you don't read these walls of text-Some of the side-quests are hard, and it can be frustrating if you fail them-There is no rewinding to fix failed side-quests, because of the auto-save and you can only have one save for each run at a time (in other words, if you fail a side-quest you're screwed)-There's a HUGE amount of key bindings to memorize-Movement is with arrow keys by default and it is extremely annoying to rebind them to wsad-It seems like the person who wrote the text in the game doesn't speek English as a first language because some of it is awkwardly writen and/or has basic grammer errors. (Although this isn't often enough to lower my enjoyment of the game)"
76561197994392398,Recommended,259680,21107281,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rutabaga,The most well polished game I've ever played in my 20+ years of gaming.
,Recommended,259680,21519189,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,jumba898,"My hours are a bit mis-leading. I have played well over 500 hours of this game before it was on steam. This game combines turn-based rogue-like combat with cooldown based abilities with enough variety of skills and builds to make the original CRPG's cry. The game is free online for you to download and play. This is the payed version that automatically gets you all the donor perks and steam achievements. If you are on edge about buying this I highly suggest you go to the games website, download it, play it, and, if you like it (which I promise you that you will), come back and buy it on steam."
,Recommended,259680,21677566,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Doc45,"Even though I have tried to post other game reviews, they never are posted for some reason or another. So with that in mind, this is my ""first"" review. My experience within this game is limited (37.9 hrs at time of post), but my time with this game may be much more when looked at in the future. Now lets get to the meat of the review, the pros and cons.Pros:+Great, meticulous tactical gameplay+An intricate skill tree system (Which can be expanded through various events)+Unforgiving (given that it is a rougelike game)+Dedicated support from DarkGod, the sole developer (He has been working on this game for over 17 years!)+Good support for mods and addons+Enticing lore! The world feels very alive and the stories are very well thought out.+Fun and deep character creation, especially as you unlock classes and races+Interesting classes (I bet your other RPGs don't have Oozemancers or Temproal Wardens!)+A good community+Very challenging and it will test your abilities+The game can be downloaded for free on its website. You won't have access to some small features but you can unlock those by donating money to DarkGod. Otherwise, you can just buy through Steam and get those goodies right off the bat, like I did.+An exploration mode with infinate lives. You can accustom yourself to the game and tinker with various builds and whatnot (This is a special perk for those who donate should you download it from its website)+Alternative modes to play should you get bored of the main story lines (Infinite Dungeon and Arena)Cons:-Graphics are quite dated but this is largely a non-issue. The developer started working on this game in the late 1990s so the engine that the game runs on is very old. Could potentially deter gamers who have only really experienced more recent games like Skyrim, Diablo 3, etc. But you know, their loss.-Can be rage inducing. The amount of times you die is ridiculous and due to the RNG within the game, you can get very unlucky and run into a monster or mob that erases your pixelated♥♥♥♥♥ But hey, you knew what you signed up for ;)-Bugs, crashing, etc. Though these are rare, there have been hiccups which might kill you or just cause you to crash. (I know of one with a passive which allows you to speed up immensely for a short time after killing an enemy and moving with it may cause your game to crash. It has happened to me many times but it was just an annoyance since I set back to my previous save point) It's minor, but something to keep in mind since you can be punished brutally if you make a mistake.Conclusion:This is just a great game and one that recieves so much love. Being someone who is relatively new to the ""Rougelike"" genre of games, this game has got me hooked! Outside of the few minor annoyances, this is a full, flushed out game. This thing has recieved more time and dedication than most marriages do in the U.S. (lol) There is so much story and content to this game, most of which I have yet to experience for myself. This game is frustrating in the best of ways. It drives you to go further, try new classes, races, etc. DarkGod (from what I have seen and heard) is very active and continues to work on content for this game. One example is the new expansion he released in February, ""Embers of Rage"" and he has hinted at more expansions that he is or will be working on in the future. He also will create special events in the game and play with those currently playing. I wholeheartedly reccomend this game to those who enjoy a good RPG or rougelike game. It is one in a long string of games that I have enjoyed so much that I binged on it. While this game was released on Steam in 2012 and is a bit dated, I will support this diamond in the rough and I hope you do too!"
76561198056617258,Recommended,259680,15875530,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Nose Candies,Harder than Mr. McPheeters...
,Recommended,259680,29624042,Posted: 1 February,all,Chickenwingz,"It took me awhile to really get the hang of this game, and even longer to get my first win(80 hours in!). This game has a vast  amount of wellwritten and interesting lore, a plethora of classes and races and challenging but engaging gameplay. I recommend this game to anyone who likes Roguelikes or just challenging but fun games in general, but watch out for Snake Archers!"
,Recommended,259680,22765171,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dakth,"Best roguelike I've played in a long, long time. The graphics are what you'd expect a graphic roguelike to have, the classes and races are overflowing, and there are multiple styles of gameplay, so it's perfect for roguelike newcomers.I can see myself sinking a lot of free time into this game from here on out."
,Recommended,259680,22771650,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kastrow,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is an unending world of exploration (and torture) in which YOU control the pace.If you are a Rogue-like and RPG fan then you should buy this, really, buy this NOW. IT IS AMAZING."
,Recommended,259680,16568835,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Login,"Easily one of the best roguelikes I've ever played.  You start with only the more classic character archtypes unlocked, but that's good because it gives you time to get acquainted to the game's quirks, like consumable items being replaced with cooldown timers on charms, runes and infusions.  This makes how well you do significantly less dependent on luck, and more on just how you play.Additionally, Cursed is, even in it's simplicity, the most insanely fun class I've played in any roguelike to date, and super easy to unlock.The Wiki is super useful, and it doesn't take away from the game to follow a suggested build before trying your own thing out, either.http://te4.org/wiki/Main_Page"
,Recommended,259680,9305244,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,n0manarmy,"So if you have not played this game then you are a fool. The game is a roguelike. it's easy to get into, taking a lot of the confusion and annoyance of having to learn new keys out of the mix. The story line is immense and there is a ton of ingame lore. There's a decent amount of randomized equipment and amount of specilaized awesome equipment. This game eclipsed my addiction to Civ 5 for quite a while and still commands my attention after I finally beat it."
,Recommended,259680,9587260,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Bucchus,"Nice beginner-friendly graphical roguelike. It's from the less wackyrandom branch of roguelikes so there's less stuff you have to learn by dying constantly and not so many unfair instadeaths. This can be a good thing if you don't like RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths, but if you enjoy Nethack-type randomness more you might find this game a bit boring.The best part of the game is the character development. There's tons of classes and races and while you start with the more usual ones like warriors and rogues, through game events you will unlock dozens more ranging from time-travellers to plague cultists with quite unique gameplay mechanics. There are tons of optional skill trees to unlock through quests so your characters will become quite varied.Minus points for the completely bland levels, monsters and itemization. There's an ADOM-type overworld map which ensures that not every area is a traditional dungeon, but the levels themselves are just plain boring with no interesting features. Then again the game does have a great auto-explore function so at least you don't have to slog through the dull mazes manually, this is a really good addition, you can fast-forward to the next encounter. Item-wise there are no consumables like the usual potions and scrolls so while it keeps the game less cluttered it also reduces the variety of events and loot a lot. The only items are gear you wear/wield so you can get bigger numbers on your character sheet, sometimes you can get artifacts/runes which grant an extra skill. Simple, but gets grindy and boring. It doesn't help that you mostly have to do the same areas again when you make a new character, they get repetitive.This game leans a bit more towards traditional RPGs because the lack of random craziness means that you usually die just when you get too cocky and proceed to a situation you can't handle and on the default difficulty you're allowed to make some mistakes. Characters seem to lead much longer lives than usually in roguelikes and a successful run takes something like 20 hours. I just wish it had more memorable and dynamic areas and enemies, but the class and skill system is still better than in most roguelikes.While there are many things that I don't like and I find the brutal unfair roguelikes more entertaining, I still think ToME is good. It's really fun to try out new character concepts and once you're getting bored with them there's something completely different you've unlocked and you start over."
76561197998899422,Recommended,259680,13531889,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,JohnnyDee62,"ToME is the rougelike for the geeks and nerds of rougelikes, yet it makes the genre accessible to everyone. Very deep with a huge amount of content and very friendly user community. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,259680,9913801,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,rekenner,"One of the cleverest Roguelikes I've played in years. It takes tired mechanics that have been a standard in roguelikes for years and actually updates them to a bit more of a modern style, while still retaining the difficulty that's characteristic of the genre."
76561198047905646,Recommended,259680,20735720,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,poorly wired circuit,"The person w/the 2,300 hours convinced me to buy this. Is that a glitch? Holy smokes!Back in like 1990 I had a friend who's father had a gaming room w/his computer setup. He was like a god amongst us kids because the games on the computer were so unreal compared to Nintendo.Anyway...he would play something that looked like ToME, and have maps/posters up all over his walls. I believe they were OLD D&D turn based games for DOS. This game took me right back to being there, standing in awe, watching his father play. This game transported me back to that time.Thanks for that. Now I have to go tell my wife why I haven't really done anything around here lately."
76561197963643929,Recommended,259680,30733865,Posted: 25 March,all,Luna,"I have been playing ToME for a while now, and I am still enjoying it.The game is turn based roguelike about creating a character from a race/class combination, and slowly growing stronger by killing monsters and finding random items while trying to not die.The world, the general theme of the dungeons and the main quests are always the same, but each dungeon floor is unique for the playthrough.The game is not always fair, but at some level I really enjoy randomly ending up in bad situations, like what to do when you're all of a sudden being cut off from the stairs to the previous level, poisoned, low on hp, and surrounded by monsters; with practise and a bit of thought and soime luck a lot of bad situations are possible to come out of alive, and I find it hugely rewarding when I manage to pull off an unlikely escape to come back and clean up after recovering.The game contains a large number of secrets that allow more character creation options when they are discovered, which I feel adds a lot of depth to the game; I'm still trying to find them all.Leveling up allows some skill points to be allocated to any group of skills you know (Some groups may be added to the basic set of skilkls from your race / class combination), and stat points to be distributed among a fairly standardized set of stats. I feel that it is a bit unfortunate that the skills typically scale off a particular stat, for example berserkers have skills that scale off of strength and vitality, so investing in other stats is hard to justify.The game is still under active development, and patches to address balance issues or add content or fix bugs are released regularly.This can be a bit of a mixed blessing, as sometimes monsters that used to be easy yesterday all of a sudden can get you killed because they were buffed in a patch.The game seems to have some minor annoying bugs that still haven't been fixexd, and a few major ones seem to bite people occationally. As of the latest patch the game seems to have trouble saving when playing online at times, but I am sure this will be fixed soon. As I understand it the entire game was created by a single developer, and given how many things there are that interact I think that he has done a very good job.The graphics could be prettier, and the engine could probably be optimized a lot, but if you can stand dying a lot in the beginning while learning how everything works the game is really fun and rewarding with a high skill ceiling for players who enjoy exploring and creating powerful characters who survive against all odds, and if you haven't picked up this (slightly unpolished) gem already I strongly suggest you do."
76561198006817082,Recommended,259680,30492601,Posted: 13 March,all,Sardak,Dont let the simple graphics fool you. This game has a wealth of depth and playstyles.
76561198067911712,Recommended,259680,21416502,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Kid Icarus,"It is just simply the best.I'm an aging ARPG'er who dumped (too) many hours into games like Diablo and Torchlight.  Action clickfests began to take a toll on my carpals and tunnels and elbows and shoulders!ToME takes all the heartpounding fun of those loot-filled dungeon crawls and packs it into a tight turnbased tactical deathtrap.  And I can drive it with my keyboard!This game is quickly becoming number one on my number of hours played list, and I imagine in 5 years it will be the highest by far and still growing.  I have only won the game ONCE on normal/adventure difficulty.  That was after 400 hours.  There are like 50 more race/class combos to win with, three tiers of higher difficulty, and true roguelike wins to achieve as well.  Some of those achievements are nigh impossible even to the best ToME players out there.  AND TODAY THERE IS A NEW CAMPAIGN!I have purchased this game for myself and two friends, and would pay many times over what this game costs.  And if you don't feel like paying, you can play 90% of the content (not including expansions) for FREE!  ToME is open source as well as the engine it is built on.In all ways, ToME is a masterpiece that stands with the best in gaming history.  Did I mention the music is great too?  Don't let a good thing pass you by, but beware... you will die.  A LOT."
,Recommended,259680,8081622,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"One of the finest roguelikes ever created; I'm really happy to see this on Steam, and more than happy to support it by buying a copy having been a freebie player for years.Massive depth in character creation and customization, a huge amount of variety and a vast campaign to work through will keep you busy for years -- yet at the same time excellent tutorials and helpful on-screen feedback mean you'll never feel like the game is withholding information from you. And with Steam Workshop support, adding mods to the game and tweaking it to your own tastes is easier than ever.If you've only recently come to the genre through stuff like Dungeons of Dredmor, FTL and Rogue Legacy, do yourself a favour and check this out -- you won't regret it."
,Recommended,259680,15781952,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Pickles,"A basic rogue-like with an amazing amount of variance in character classes and a surprising amount of in game lore. I was pleasantly surprised by this game! There is a free version available on the developer's website, however, I still recommend picking it up on steam as this gets you the donator perks as well as ease of play. Recommended!"
,Recommended,259680,14302779,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,accident,"Awesome[AW-suh m]adjective1.causing or inducing awe; inspiring an overwhelming feeling of reverence, admiration, or fear:an awesome sight.2.exhibiting or marked by awe; showing reverence, admiration, or fear.3.Slang. very impressive:That new white convertible is totally awesome.4.The most accurate descriptor for Tales of Maj'Eyal--------------------------------When it comes to Steam games, I'm a compulsive shopper. I buy anything and everything that tickles my fancy. About a quarter of my purchases are terrible, horrible mistakes (The Guild II, 7 Days to Die, etc.) that never get more than an hour's playtime before I uninstall them in disgust. I always regret buying those games, but that's the price of window shopping.Then there are the games that are decent for a playthrough, maybe two, before I move on and forget about them. They tend to be solid games (Shadows of Mordor, Two Worlds II, Shadowrun, etc.) but nothing to write home about. They make up a good 65% of my library.The last 10% are absolute masterpieces, that I will never tire of playing. I'm happy to say that ToME fits snugly into this category. I purchased it due to its aggregated review score and its resemblance to Dwarf Fortress, expecting that I'd get a week or two of enjoyment out of it before I got bored and moved on. Well, let me tell you, that isnotgoing to happen.In a nutshell, I'd describe ToME asa streamlined version of Dwarf Fortress adventure mode, with the emphasis shifted from proc-gen content to coherent and enjoyable adventures. Now, I know that some DF purists will be turned off by that description - after all, procedurally-generated worlds and histories are a big part of DF's appeal, aren't they? - but bear with me.Whereas DF uses proc-gen to determine EVERYTHING, from cultures to the landmass toan individual's fascination with cheese, ToME uses it sparingly. The world map, quests, and bosses stay relatively constant from playthrough to playthrough (though there are occasionally some small variations in the last category). This has allowed DarkGod (the one-man dev team behind ToME) to build an extremely long, complex, and open-ended plotline that will see players through 50 experience levels - and for the record, if you play roguelike mode, you'll have a hell of a time even breaking 20.Where proc-gen is used, it is used very gracefully. All dungeons randomize their layouts (and to a lesser extent, their themes) for each new playthrough, and gear, with the notable exception of the rare, unique items, is also random. Minibosses, which randomly appear throughout dungeons after the initial quest has been completed, are all named, given a random race (anything from masses of worms to furry little Ewok slave-drivers), and given an arbitrary group of abilities. To put it simply, though the broad strokes of the game are fixed, the details of every run will be distinct and unique.There`s one more aspect of the game that bears mentioning in reference to encouraging multiple playthroughs, and that`s character design. When you first start the game, approximately 75% of the classes, 50% of the races, and 66% of the game modes will be locked. Mind you, that still leaves you with something like 7 races and a dozen classes to choose from. As you complete certain events, various aspects of the game will be unlocked for future playthroughs. There`s nothing more exciting than unlocking a class encouraging an entirely new playstyle after a long, epic campaign.Even within a single class, the room for freedom of choice is incredible. Every class has somewhere between 30-60 skills associated with it, each of which has five levels of expertise. In addition, you receive another 30 or so skills to choose from based on your race. Considering that even in a perfect playthrough, you`re only likely to get 160 skill points or so, you`ll never be wanting for new ideas for character builds. It bears mentioning that on top of all of this, there are ways to learn the skills ofotherclasses too.I'm going to end this review with a quick pro/con list, since those are all the rage on Steam these days.PROS-Nearly infinite replay value-Strong RPG elements-Farscape references. The world needs more Farscape.-Moody, atmospheric music-Incredibly detailed character creator-Moddable-Dedicated community and dev-Lore-a-licious. If you like fictional worlds with a lot of backstory, you'll enjoy your time on Eyal.-Surprisingly complex combat system, even for boring old sword-and-board builds-No shortage of humour, without being a farce-The option to play as a latex-clad Dwarven gimp with a wooden paddleCONS-Most people will count the tile-based graphics as a con, though I find them pleasantly nostalgic-Less complex than DF (pretty sure that applies to every game, though)-The initial dungeons become old rather quickly for roguelike players, despite being randomized each time-The randomized mini-bosses can occasionally feel a little unbalanced (in either direction)-I can't play it 24/7"
76561198060527161,Recommended,259680,13779806,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sir Slush,"NOTE: This review has been modified since posting. It was originally posted in January 2015 as ‘negative’, and is from March 2015 onwards rated as ‘positive.’ In addition, the content has been altered to reflect recent changes to the game.First of all, know that this is not a ‘rogue-lite’. I have yet to see the final level, and there are others on the forums who have played for hundreds of hours and have yet to win the game.For the TL;DR people: The game is amazing, but completing it on normal difficulty will take hundreds of hours because the learning curve is steep, and end-game balance depends on creating the most powerful build you can – theory crafting is a must, and if you don’t, the game will become unwinnable 30 hours before you realize it. For the rest of us, read on.ToME has 26 classes at the time of this writing, all of which feel and play very differently. Like most RPGs, skill points are gained upon leveling and can be used for both active and passive effects. The skills for each class are unique and allow players to develop their own playstyles, though generally each class has its own style of combat and a playstyle that rewards sticking to their class-specific strengths. Summoners draw hordes of creatures to overwhelm opponents, archmages channel elements to great effect over an area, and rogues set traps and use stealth to outmaneuver or outwit opponents. There are even more creative classes in here, like a time warden (or time mage) that specializes in temporal effects and paradoxes.The world has tons of surprises and interesting levels/areas to explore, acceptable story and interaction (for an old-school roguelike) and though nothing ever changes, the vast variety of mechanics assured that the game did not get old for me after 100 hours of gameplay, and likely will not for another 100 hours.But Tales of Maj’Eyal does have its problems. The first and perhaps least bothersome is a learning curve that feels more like a cliff than a slope.The tutorial explains a little of the game's mechanics, but understanding is better gained by blundering through the world and slowly learning what each of the many confusing formulas and statistics mean, and how important they are to the core gameplay. It takes dedication to keep coming back when mountains of unknown skills and abilities assail you from every side, and through trial-and-error, learn to slowly overcome that mountain. Perseverance does pay off – I actually enjoyed the game very much once I crossed the barrier between hopeless bungler and still-hopeless-but-educated noob.The larger problem is that in order to win the game, the player’s character must be designed for perfection – built to optimal capacity with a full understanding of the many talents, stat formulas, status effects and saving throws present in the game engine. It’s not enough just to go with the most damage, or discover the best damage reduction, or center your build around strategic options – you must do all of these things, and do them with the dedication of a crazed League of Legends professional gunning for the gold.This is where the game fell apart previously –it can become unwinnable very early on, and new players will never even know. They may even feel overpowered for a while, as they make one-strike KOs against hordes of enemies and pass tens of dungeons without a serious challenge in any of them. Rares, elites, and bosses fall without challenge - then suddenly, a belligerent abomination of a boss-class monstrosity strikes, and they find themselves hopelessly outmatched, their only recourse to grind for levels.So they go to a new dungeon – and it happens again. Another new dungeon – wait, were the normals this hard before? And why can’t I use my spells? My abilities? Where did everyone go? And… how did I get one-shot by THAT?Players be warned: No matter how many lives you have, you can make a mistake in your character build early on and not realize that your character is doomed until late-game, when you have already invested thirty-or-more hours into their development. With permadeath, obviously, you may not live long enough to realize your character build is impossible to win with. But even with unlimited lives, you will eventually reach the point where the bosses are impossible, and no matter how well you fight, how clever your tactics, you have no option but to die – or quit. Before the 1.3.0 update, this meant that you must start the game over again from the beginning.This is why my review changed from negative to positive. While limited and full-permadeath players will still have to deal with the intense frustrations of sub-optimal builds, there is hope for those playing with unlimited lives after the 1.3.0 update: Full talent re-spec is available at all times, so if you’ve created a build that seems sub-optimal to your playstyle or eventually becomes self-defeating, you can easily change your skills to accommodate your newfound knowledge or equipment. Be warned, however, that stat points and category points are still permanent, so consider playing a Cornac (+1 cat points) your first time and keeping some stat points in reserve for future use while you learn the ins and outs of your chosen class.Also, be warned that there is no way to carry multiple save files for your character in this game. The game will save on entering and exiting a dungeon, as well as upon making most major decisions, and you will have to live with the consequences of your actions.So to recap: Tales of Maj'Eyal as it is an interesting game that supports a wide variety of skill sets and play styles, though impressive knowledge of the game mechanics that can only be acquired through vigilant study required to develop a successful playstyle. Full talent re-spec alleviates (but not eliminates) the steep learning curve, but if you like RPG roguelikes with unique classes and deep strategy, investing your time in this game will reward you with probably the best roguelike you’ve ever played. Just be prepared to invest heavily.*Full disclosure here - I played the game on 'normal' difficulty for every playthrough. There is an easier difficulty that decreases the monsters' strength/abilities by 30%, but it does not give classes, races or achievements and so it does not appeal to those like me who want to feel they are accomplishing something while playing."
,Recommended,259680,10851246,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NarwhalRider,"Buy this game. If you are down here reading reviews, it's because you're not 100% sure about getting the game, and figured it would help to see what other people think about it. Let me help you out, friend: Buy this game.I had my doubts too, at first. It's hard to tell what the game is like from the trailer, and the graphics ain't Skyrim. It's ok. Just buy the game, and you will be happier then you were in that soon forgotten time where you didn't have the game.You want reasons? Ok, I have plenty of those. First off, this is one of the greatest Rouge style RPGs you will ever play. Easy to jump into, but will take many hours till you even begin to figure it all out enough to survive to level 20+. Multiple races and classes, and each class feels different, with multiple ways to develop. No potions to hoard, and death is always around the corner. Hotbar of actions like an MMO, including activated item abilities. Great sense of humor, and frequently updated. All done by one programmer, DarkGod, who randomly pops into the game to turn you into a rabbit. In this game you can eat the heart of a Sandworm, read monster poetry, and get killed by your future self.Rouge mode is true Rouge, one death is all you get. Adventure mode gives you a few lives, and more as you level. The 3rd mode lets you keep coming back, but you don't want that mode. That mode is for squares. Try adventure mode, and try not to die before you make it to the Master.Seriously, this game is incredible. It is digital crack, and should be sold with a warning label. It's the top down rougelike MMOishRPG you didn't know you were missing. Great replayability, great depth, great community. Check out the forum for help on builds, or figuring out what all the stats/elements/statuses do. The Dev has been known to implement ideas right from the forums into the game. And if you are reading this during the big Steam Summer Sale, this game is selling for under $4. Did I mention that Z is the shortcut for auto-explore? Yep, it will even explore the board for you. ToME is one of those games that you will bond with random strangers over. It's a ""Oh crap, is it 4am already?"" game. It's a game you need in your library. Do it. Throw down a lil fliff and buy ToME."
76561198124631681,Recommended,259680,10437937,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,David Chen,I like this game
,Recommended,259680,10747230,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jamesmitch,This is my favourite roguelike on steam.This is well worth it to support the dev.
,Recommended,259680,10759610,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Exargot,"One of the top tier Roguelikes available today in the market. Really top notch mechanics, skill trees, a huge ton of achievements and a game you'll probably never get tired of."
76561198013217828,Recommended,259680,10504424,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Ahnìon,"I'm standing in the Sandworm Lair. The creatures for which this godforsaken hellhole is named are trundling by, providing the only means of passage through the thick, treacherous sand. The worms are not the immediate issue at the moment, though; this cave seems stable enough. My consternation is with the three stone piedestals that stand ominously silent before me. The game is asking me if I want to inspect one of them. I know doing so might be very beneficial in one way or the other, but these random encounters can also be vehemently unforgiving, and I'd like for Arain to make it through his present quest before he keels over.My mouse pointer moves towards""Yes""and then flinches back. What to do?Tales of Maj'Eyal is very much the roguelike I'd been waiting for. In a time when every game designer seems obsessed with pushing as many types of gameplay into a game as possible, the creators of ToME instead focus on doing this one type of gameplay really well. As a result, the game combines all the aspects that attracted me to roguelikes in the first place, putting just enough character and originality into the mix to keep it interesting without ruining the experience. If you're anything like me, you will love this.PROS-- Hours upon hours of varied roguelike gameplay.-- Heaps of interesting loot.-- An addictingly great mix of casual and involved.-- Lots of quirky charm.CONS-- The random nature of the game will occasionally put you in situations where you really have no chance of survival.-- The stat system is in some ways a bit too complex for most.-- Pretty it ain't.-- The interface and the controls are still a bit glitchy at times, although they have yet to cause me serious trouble.Note:This game is actually free and open source. By buying it on Steam, you donate to its development -- and you should. Youreallyshould. Just because you can come by something free does not mean you shouldn't support the people who created it."
,Recommended,259680,23189697,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Hen,"unbelievably good roguelike, great depth, super varied classes and mad replay value. just do it, it's worth 10x the price."
,Recommended,259680,23576076,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,"Do you want to play as a raging turtle berserker, or perhaps a skeleton who has mastered the art of life absorption? Do you like games with hundreds of mods? Do you enjoy replaying a game hundreds of times, yet it feels completely fresh each time? Do you want to get hundreds of hours of content out of a game that goes on sale for a couple dollars? Then Tales of Maj'Eyal is the game for you."
,Recommended,259680,16006010,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,RadGH,"I've played a lot of roguelikes before. Most of them feel like one long dungeon run. Some of them have a sort of level select (crypt of the necrodancer) or progress through different levels (rogues legacy/binding of isaac).But none of them had the feeling like you were an adventurer, going on YOUR OWN adventure. They kind of drop you in a dungeon and say ""have fun, here's your dungeon"".But in TOME (tales of maj'eyal) you got an overworld map. You can go to really difficult areas or fight random adventurers who just roam around. There's towns you can visit and tons of shops.It's very immersive, especially for a roguelike. It makes me want to play some pen and paper D&D again.And there's a ton of skills and items you can get. And lots of random events. Many random bosses / minibosses who will destroy you. There's just a TON of content. It's not difficult to get into, although discerning what loot is useful or not is definitely beyond casual.You can chat with other players, which even in a single player game can add a lot. You can see when people die, which even if you aren't talking to them, is interesting to watch.And my personal favorite feature is that you can have multiple lives. It's not a great feature in the spirit of roguelikes, but in the spirit of gaming it's fantastic. This is usually an instant ""omg this game sucks and isn't a roguelike"". But I love everything about these type of RPGs, EXCEPT for the permadeath.For some reason, finding a mix of roguelike aspects in a non-roguelike RPG is impossible. That is, things like traps, random events, deep character customizations, random/persistent effects, and just general ""I have no idea what this will do, but I'll try it"". The ONLY game that ever came close to that which I know of is Din's Curse. Although TOME has the feature as a gamemode, so that's fantastic."
76561198084462603,Recommended,259680,34536635,Posted: 27 August,all,KJ9991,An excellent game with a steep learning curve.
76561198000175959,Recommended,259680,34594710,Posted: 29 August,all,Ruhart,"Do you like to bump? Do you like to zap, bomb, incinerate, freeze, eat, confuse, daze, burn, blind, poison, sleep, slow, shoot, slash, or in other short destroy your enemies with unique forms of combat? Do you like epic achievements like beating bosses in the same turn they kill you? Do you like strategically relocating to win against all odds? Are you a masochist? Do you like to die? Do you like to sit there for three minutes, looking at every skill on cooldown, only a hit away from death? Do you like RNG? Does RNG like you?Get it."
,Recommended,259680,35282358,Posted: 28 September,all,Íchomancer,"I'm pretty sure I didn't really like it at first. Things didn't make much sense and everything was ugly. I used a custom tile and kept dying fast.Eventually I made a decent character and used the default tile and was happy that items were displayed. I made it fairly far and started to really get the hang of it. I died around level, say, 25-30.Then, eventually, I unlocked the Oozemancer.. As far as I'm aware, that's my favorite class. I managed to beat the game, and boy was it fun. This game has sunk 60+ hours of my time so far, and I'm sure it will sink more throughout the future. It's the type of game that you can just hop on and play. I feel like it from time to time, and I'm glad it's in my library!"
,Recommended,259680,34770775,Posted: 6 September,all,Rpground,"The absolute amount of fun and longevity this game has is staggering, just one look at my hours alone could probably tell you that.The amount of depth and customizability is a complete treat. The game encourages you to experiment and try new and creactive builds.You want to play a rogue with a two handed weapon, completely forgetting about stealth? You can.You want to play an Archmage clad in black heavy armor? You can.There is literally so much to this game that I couldn't possibly tell you all of it. With the hours I've put into this game there is still new surprises.I could not recommend this game enough. It is worth every single cent, and more. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,259680,8025487,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,hels,"It's about time that Steam had an authentic roguelike on here. It's a bit more advanced compared to your standard fare of traditional roguelikes but it's a must play none the less. Try out the free version to make sure, this version includes an extra game mode which is not even necessary for the real roguelike effect but it's worth donating to the dev either way. Play this game!!"
,Recommended,259680,19499473,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,noisebomb44,yes
76561197966984155,Recommended,259680,8066529,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Regrettable Decisions,"I'm a big fan of Roguelkes, but I was always put off by some of the obscure concepts of the core gameplay. This game takes all the good of the roguelike, the difficulty, the random levels, the classes and all that- And combines it with a solid interface, good music, and an astoundingly fleshed out world.If you like roguelikes, if you're curious about them, or if you just want a good strategy game/RPG, you'd be a fool not to get this."
,Recommended,259680,14111045,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,[TMx] GBM,"Hey! This looks interesting.Update:Hmm, I paid for it on Steam but I could have just downloaded it for free. That's OK. I get an item bank and some other extras. Played some of the race/classes and I'm settling in on Higher Arcane Blade.Update - 3hrs:Pretty cool game. Seems simple enough. Died a lot, but it's ok 'cause I did explorer. I'm gonna restart now with Nightmare Roguelike setting.Update - 3.25 hrs:(*@#! Couldnt get past the first zone.Update - 7 hrs:I can get to level 10ish on Nightmare Roguelike now. Very confidently. Looking to hit 15.Update - 10 hrs:Still trying to hit 15.Update - 20 hrs:What day is it?Update - 30 hrs:My wife is concerned. She doesnt understand how I managed to play 30 hrs in less than a day. Please send help."
76561198019107211,Recommended,259680,12240819,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,visualbob,"One of the best.. Been playing for years, still playing... So much content, so many classes, so many races, unlockables, hard, random, and roguelike."
76561198079434532,Recommended,259680,28852882,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Black Guy Sneezing,Really hard to learn but once you do man is it fun
,Recommended,259680,29077119,Posted: 6 January,all,Spydie,Fun and challenging game.  Moderately infuriating at times.
,Recommended,259680,16691662,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,vanceg123,"TL:DR   Game Hard, Make Brain Hurt. Much Strats, Little Mercy. Victory Sweet.Tales of Maj'Eyal. -sigh- I said I would write a review for this game when I beat it. Well I just edged over six hundred hours and finally have won. There really isn't much more to cover. The tags show it's a rogue-like, the videos give you a solid understanding of what to expect, and the user base has voted it overwhelmingly positive. So instead, I'm going to explain the emotional aspects of the game.  TOME (Tales of Maj'Eyal) will make you feel dead inside. I've litteraly taken a skirmisher over the course of thirty hours into the second to the last room and died. Boom, save deleted. Can you handle that? I couldn't, that was around hour mark 400. I couldn't sleep, I'm not kidding, when you die TOME plays this little dun dun dunn tone. I had no idea I was about to die, the moment the screen flicked red and that tune played, well, I broke out into a sweat. My friend was over visiting from the other side of the state and that is the only reason I didn't freak out into a felonious rage. Now you gotta understand, that was one death of many. Your victories are few and far between in TOME, you refight the same bosses over and over and over, it doesn't matter how much content there is in the game, you will feel almost no reward for killing alt minotaur for the hundreath time. You'll rage through the sandworms annoyed that you have to think with every move rather than autopiloting. When you're sucked into the fearscape with a fire specd character you'll understand fear and if you get out alive you just return to the motions. After hundreds of hours of hundreds of deaths you finally get to the last boss. Then you win. I've been smiling for two days now, I think on winning and just grin. I can't help it. It's probably the most rewarding victory I've ever had in a game. Puts emerald or ruby weapon to shame. Six hundred hours for this feeling. Then you take it off normal mode and switch to nightmare difficulty and die in the starting area. So basically what I'm saying is, how well do you know yourself? Is this a goal worth your time? It was for me.Some Quick Notes for Noobs:Z: This hotkey will rest your character and autoexplore. Use at your own risk.P: This pulls up all the talent trees so you can plan for the future.I: Inventory, big suprise.F1 and F2: These toggle between the golem and the alchemist if you play that class.Caps Lock: This enables free viewing on the map so you can arrow key around.Tab: Blows up the map so you can see it better, enemies you know of will be marked on it.Options Menu: In this menu you can turn off the autopick tool for your skill and stat points at creation."
76561198062450009,Recommended,259680,23825314,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Feo,"When I first looked at it - let's just say I was not impressed.It looked like a browser MMO knock-off: brigtish colours, long-donkey bar (that'd not be customisable I bet and ofcourse no shortcuts etc.). Prolly got like 3 cookie-cutter races/classes combo, gender locked on top of that.Boy, was I in for a surprise.Tales are a beautiful, complex and deep game with a plenty of room to make your build, your characted - the way you want it. Wanna have a hulking ghoulish brute ogre? Here you go. A hulking ogre brute ghoul? You know were I'm getting.The plot itself is pretty linear, but offers some motivation and intertainment.Also It is obvious (for me, at least) that the devs are big, big, BIG fans of pnp boardgames - and the game itself, being a generalised homage of some of them, racking some xtra points from your truly."
76561197984546430,Recommended,259680,34368898,Posted: 20 August,all,Lykaios,This is an outstanding game.Throw back to old school RPGs with deep character development and expansive exploration. I was hooked in the first hour and am looking forward to exploring more character/race combinations.
,Recommended,259680,8062009,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,halfsharkalligatorhalfman,"This game is fantastic.  For the price you can't beat what the game offers.  Tons of races and classes.  Incredibly indepth RPG elements.  Fantastic difficulty that punishes you for your mistakes and is otherwise balanced.  A nice soundtrack with immersive audio like birds chirping or dogs barking in the distance.  The game is also entirely randomized so no playthrough is the same as the one previous, except for story events.Tales of Maj'Eyal is singleplayer but with a built in chat so you can talk to other people who are currently playing.For the price no one should write this gem off.For anyone wanting to see this game in action you can catch my stream atTwitch.tv/Kojinto:)"
76561198055767367,Recommended,259680,15117376,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,"First off I got this because it reminded me somewhat of some of the old school DOS Lord of the Rings games.  Well look and graphic wise anyway.I really like the character creation and once you get used to the simple play style it is quite fun.  Ive just now really started to play this so I am still quite the noob at it but I am very much enjoying it so far. Will add more juice as I squeeze it out of this lil gem here :)*editOk I have been playing this game for a bit on the first rogue I made.  Lots of fun and I love the class abilites, overall class balance and game play.  This is my new favorite rogue-type game.  It is very addictive and quit fullfilling for myself.  I just unlocked a new rogue class so I am starting over with it as it is more for combat vs stealth.I am glad I gave this game a chance as it does not look that impresive if your going by its book cover but once you get into the game you will be hooked.  So its well worth its price as you could put many hours into this game."
76561198002522103,Recommended,259680,25375942,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Rubadub,"Beat Insane, tried Madness... It lives up to it's name."
76561198028124221,Recommended,259680,26484940,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,athomstudent,"The sheer amount of content, depth and enjoyment you get from this game, for less then $20, is staggering. I can't recommend it enough."
76561197990537422,Recommended,259680,12651148,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,witch doctor,"One of the best games I've ever played.also @ the other reviews, why does no one know how to spell rogue?"
,Recommended,259680,29882770,Posted: 12 February,all,drwn,"Not much to add to other reviews, great game."
,Recommended,259680,12540513,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Camikaze,"A very profound and complexe game that has been maintained for years.If you are interrested in ""rogue-likes"" games but are affraid of text-based graphics, this can be a very entertaining footstep into this genre.I've been playing this for hundreds of hours, and have only bought it recently on steam. I keep on playing it from time to time, with no disapointment (except when I die horribly after hours of play, which happens quite often :p)"
76561197989947747,Recommended,259680,12429098,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,jables,"I have actually had to make myself stop playing this game as every time I start a new character, I get sucked in once again. Best 7$ I have spent in a long time."
76561198035054806,Recommended,259680,15079210,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,sara_bear,"Pretty good dungeon grinder. Though the graphics are on the crude side. The character mechanics are rather good. I'd use a coupon, but it's worth buying."
76561197997793567,Recommended,259680,8387171,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Cordell,"This is probably the best roguelike I've yet to play.  Almost ignored the game completely after watching the trailers.  This is very well polished, and so many things to discover!  Well worth the $7.  I'll be playing this one for a long time ..."
76561198026159556,Recommended,259680,21957803,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Molle,Awsome game!!!!
,Recommended,259680,21557547,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,NoVa,"Played this a ton before it hit steam, I think it may have even been free at the time, but the $8 (CAD) price tag is extremely reasonable for it, this is an amazing game with a ton of depth and some unique roguelike mechanics, relying on Cooldowns instead of consumables (there are consumables, they just have a lot more weight in terms of gameplay). Ton of classes, races, and skills/builds to try out.Truly what Roguelikes should be.Instant buy"
,Recommended,259680,21602976,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rangeclaw,Surprisingly addicting..
76561198021312757,Recommended,259680,22154416,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ƶ҉Ꮎ҉₳҉,"By looking at the gameplay in the trailer and the screenshots most people will say ""wow this looks bad"" It is what i thought, if it were not for the score i would of not bought this. After thinking abit i took the hook and played it..now 70+ hours in i can say i enjoy the game immensely..it is a game with alot of depth and a fair amount of replay value."
76561198062206091,Recommended,259680,22323111,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JoNa,Nostalgic Interface. One of the best Rogue-like. Simple as that.
,Recommended,259680,22415878,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Crom,"I have played this now couple evenings and already can say that this is one of the best rogue style games I have played. It's not perfect, not even near, but it is fun to play and it does many things right that other rogue style games have failed.Pros:- Pure rogue style game with permadeath characters- A lot of items and variables, no two games are same- Many classes, skills, etc.- Things seems to be nicely in balanceCons:- Graphics (but this is normal in rogue style games)- Some UI / text features are not good and there is some small bugsOnce again game is going to be awesome price / entertainment hours ratio, because almost excelent replayability value."
76561198023587238,Recommended,259680,8450837,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Macabre Octopus,"Let me get some things out of the way first. No, this isn't a great looking game. If you're looking for smooth animation, amazing visuals, flashy effects, etc., you won't find them here. The music isn't great (I play with it muted and one of the many video game and movie soundtracks I have on itunes playing in the background), and sometimes the ambience is a little annoying (whoever owns the dog that barks nonstop in every city needs to put a muzzle on it or something). Now, for the good things. The gameplay is hard as nails, unforgiving, confusing at times, and all around frustratingly hard, as any good roguelike should be. You have to option to play with more lives, even infinite lives, but I always play on the ""roguelike"" mode, where you only have one life, unless you find more. Knowing what is happening around you at all times is a must in this game, as losing focus of even one enemy can mean death, as I learned the hard way in my most recent death (opened a door, orc necromancer on the other side, managed to escape at first, but on my way back to see if I could get around him, was flanked by his summoned army of skeletons and ghouls). This is a true roguelike, with everything happening in turns as you wander through forests and dungeons, killing everything in your path, picking up loot, buying weapons and armour, and, when you make a mistake, dying with no continues or reloads (at least on roguelike mode). All in all, a really fun game full of challenges and endless replayability. 7.5 / 10"
76561198068797859,Recommended,259680,11732815,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Zyrgon,"This game takes some time to unlock all the classes and talents, though the amount of times you will die trying to learn how to improve unlocks quite a few of them.  The replayability and support of this game is large, especially since it has had years of beta testing done by its creator.  I highly recommend this game if you have any interest in roguelike games."
76561198030823089,Recommended,259680,11818558,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,goat,"If you've ever been a fan of a Roguelike game, you know just how addicting the genre can be.  Tales of Maj'Eyal strips away the usual esoteric layer over the traditionally deep turn based combat with easy to access tool tips, combined with rudimentary graphics which are a nice attention grabbing upgrade to the ASCII characters of yore.  There's enough visual fidelity and modernizing to be engaging, but still plenty left up to the imagination.  The game has a large pool of classes and races to choose from, with drastically differing play styles.  My only real complaint about ToME is replaying through the same story isn't as fresh an experience as a traditional, more randomly generated Roguelike.  The upside to that is the strong lore and story make for a more engaging experience the first time through."
11235813213455891,Recommended,259680,17756156,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Number 1 PUBG Player,"- super fun game, if you hate roguelikes there is an infinite lives mode that basically turns it into an rpg (but it works better as a roguelike, trust me)- addictive a.f., tons of content, a good amount of which is randomized - items, dungeon interiors, enemies, events - all of which adds to the massive replayability of this game- random generation of items and enemies almost never feels unbalanced or unfair, and the dungeons are fantastic- tons of classes and races, with their own skill trees, heaps of stats and whatnot, pretty much rpg quality- easy to learn, hard to master- steam workshop!- unlockable campaigns!- have i mentioned TONS of content?i definitely reccommend buying this game, it's a bargain at full price, and an absolute steal when on sale.what are you waiting for? BUY IT!"
76561198032732701,Recommended,259680,18872156,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,arielv82,Quite possibly the best rogue-like i have ever played.TOME is a better game than most steam games i own and at a fraction of the price.
,Recommended,259680,16431718,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,parakie,"I don't always spend hundreds of hours on games, but when I do, it's on an amazing roguelike with massive replayability."
76561198048169941,Recommended,259680,21453107,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Heather,"I've only played this game for two days and I'm already dreaming about it.  I'm a fan.In all seriousness though, I love the aesthetic, the game play, and the lore (it comes in short bursts rather than a massive info dump).  Just be aware that it is a total time suck."
,Recommended,259680,8043691,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,antte,"Very impressed so far, if you like classic rouges this one is really well developed."
76561197982196124,Recommended,259680,21785179,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rhod,"This game is a masterpiece, it is everything a rogue like should be.Buy it ;)"
,Recommended,259680,15121108,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dreadlord Jaina,"Needed: one skeleton mage skull.  If the eyes are still glowing, please bash it around a bit until they fade.  I'll not have another one of those coming alive and wreaking havoc in my lab."
76561198005257426,Recommended,259680,20798051,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dark Magus,"A true roguelike. Old school, graphics aren't animated, but everything is random. So hard, so good for those who enjoy watching your character struggle/survive/grow/die horribly. Exploration mode until you've unlocked everything. Seriously, there's no shame until you get your bearing. Yes, that means you get one life per level. Yes, you will go through all of them, and still die horribly. But it'll be a lot of fun, and help you unlock goodies/understand the mechanics. The overarching story for the main campaign is pretty good, too."
,Recommended,259680,13510278,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,hammerfest451,"ToME4 is all about discovery. You only have a few starting races and classes when you first start playing, but as you encounter characters, objects, quests, etc. in the world, you begin to unlock new races and classes. Some are simple, and some require more work. As of this post, I've logged less than 5 hours and I've already unlocked three just stumbling across them. Replayability is lots of fun and is actually encouraged if trying to earn achievements.  As it is, it is really, really easy to die.  But that's why I like it. You have to play smart, think of how to attack, and then do it. And still pray you don't die."
,Recommended,259680,8038006,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Binni The Great,If you like roguelike games and some very hardcore gameplay then look no further.  It fixes most of the issues with old school rogue games while also having at the same time almost a dwarf fortress level of possible complexity.
76561198032050649,Recommended,259680,14986681,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Tsugoi-72,"ToME is pretty addictive: make a character, wander about, unlock secrets (quite a few unlockable races and classes), feel powerful, realize you aren't moments before your death becomes inevitable, and repeat.I only have 20 hours invested, so my opinion is pretty limited. A game like this is usually epic in scale, but I can already tell I will get more than my money's worth out of ToME.I already have memorable experiences like the time I was chasing a rogue down a hallway in a creepy ruins when suddenly the ruins dissapeared, replaced by the Plane of Fear; a vast sprawl of smouldering wastes and demonic hosts. Did I not see a portal? Is this a trick? Can I disbelieve? Sadly, Conan the Berzerker died moments after realizing he was screwed, but it was a Super Cool death and we are amused."
76561198043355246,Recommended,259680,14938416,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,C://,"I bought this game after playing the free version and I was just blown away at the depth of this game. This game has grasped my attention more then any other game that I've played. The graphics and UI may be simple but the lore, quests, and random events are just amazing. I've managed to unlock some races, classes, and talent trees and still have a lot more to go. After 40+ hours on a dwarf bulwark I only managed to get to the far east and ended up dying in a orc den. If you enjoy rougelikes this a must. Can't beat the price for hours of replay value."
76561198046400653,Recommended,259680,14966452,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Kensidan,"If you played pen and paper Dungeons and Dragons, or Baldur's Gate (PC) , and still remeber them as some of the best times you ever had gaming I would highly reccomend this game. There is a reason it has the most hours played out of the almost 40 games on my steam account, it is great, hands down."
76561198095449935,Recommended,259680,8767539,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,SilverySubstance,"I've always been a fan of roguelikes, and Tales of Maj'Eyal is a steal at 7 bucks. Even better with a sale.Simple to play, hard to master; the classic roguelike formula with a modern twist.I only wish some of the maps were larger. XD"
76561197986397211,Recommended,259680,15971345,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,HekaDooM,"As of writing this I have a mere 14 hours. For a game of this magnitude, my limited gametime is a drop in the comparative ocean. However in these 14 hours I have enjoyed countless adventures and hence feel the need to express my feelings towards this game.TOME is a Roguelike in its purest form; that said, it is the formula of dungeons within dungeons and static set pieces that allow its narrative to shine. This is not a game of simply smashing your way through numbers to obtain numbers to increase your numbers this is seen in many RPGS and hack'n'slashes;  there is a rich layer of lore found in conversations as well as scrolls and other objects that add a level of depth and immersion that many other ""have a quick go"" Roguelikes lack somewhat. Make no mistake, this game is a labour of love.Despite the level of depth and complexity, TOME is incredibly easy to pick up and play; most aspects of playing are self explanatory. Items and their inherent effects are explained concisely and character sheets are detailed but not cluttered to the point of being rendered unusuable. The inventory is forgiving and even offers to empty itself for you after every floor of a dungeon, eliminating annoying overencumbered messages.As stated previously I have amassed 14 hours in this game; in this space of time I have had a measly 1 character exceed level 10. This is a difficult game, an attribute which may put players off but attracts me all the more. Sometimes deaths leave you feeling cheated, especially random encounters in the overworld where an enemy caster can easily 2 or 3 shot an unprepared player from afar; this is countered by the player being transported to another plane upon death by a being of great power. The player then has the choice of being teleported to somewhere safer or dropped back into the fight rejuevenated. I would be lying if I said the latter act of manning up didn't cost me more than one decent character.WIth the huge amount of races, talent trees, classes etc character creation is a powerful tool and allows you to progress in many different directions. Want a Cursed Elf? Check. Dwarven Alchemist with his own pet Golem? K. Halfling carrying out his own Hellish agenda of slaughter? Got it. Options such as these, the item system and the procedural world give the game practically unending longevity.If you can say yes to enjoying Roguelikes, turn based battle, thoughtful strategy, massive replayability and a deep fantasy setting, TOME is a worthy purchase for you."
76561198026839603,Recommended,259680,15918223,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Ecto Lateralis,"One of the best RPG/rogue-like games I've ever played.. And I've started playing such games back in 1992, probably with Lords of Chaos, which I've absolutely loved back then.It's deep and rich beyond measures.. Both in story and contents.. Retro graphics gives it even more 'authentic' looks, for a nostalgia's sake.Absolutely love it!And since I've bought it at a discount for less then 2eur It feels like a steal and I feel bad about it. :D"
,Recommended,259680,8143204,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kromko,"There aren't many games that fit the genre of roguelikes on Steam.Dungeons of Dredmoris one of them,Sword of the Stars: The Pitis another one.Tales of Maj'Eyalis a roguelike game in it's truest sense, however, it has some gameplay elements that I personally didn't see occuring that much in other RL games likeADOM.For one, there is pretty much no division between activatable skills and magic spells (something like whatDungeons of Dredmordoes). The main difference between them is that different classes use different types of power points (warrior classes use stamina, arcane mages use mana, hate for afflicted classes) that behave differently (mana gets restored with time for magic classes while hate is only increased by hitting hard and taking damage).Another major difference is the absense of magical potions or scrolls. Those are replaced by infustions. A character can store a limited amount of infusions that can be activated any number of times (those can be replaced by new infusions), except that they have a cooldown. This greatly changes the health restoration system other roguelikes and action-RPG games have. Instead of stacking with a huge amount of potions that you drink at will, you have to take note of how much health you have, how much you lose in combat, and how many turns do you have to survive until you can use another infusion.The game itself can be downloaded for free fromte4.org. Buying ToME from Steam automatically makes you a donator, which unlocks an additional class for dwarven characters, a somewhat easier exploration mode that allows you to revive your character unlimited amount of times, and an ability to share a limited amount of items with your other characters."
76561198045961135,Recommended,259680,19944357,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tryble,"One of the 'true' roguelikes, except it pointedly lacks a food clock, identification mechanics, and collectible resource grinding/management common for the genre.  For the latter, a tactical infinite-use resource is available, with short but highly significant cooldowns.If you're like myself and have never played any of the 'true' roguelikes because of the mechanics above, ToME is here.  And it's excellent.On the other hand, if you're an achievement perfectionist, run away.  Run far away."
,Recommended,259680,9017617,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Holi,Great interface and you unlock new paths to play as you play so the game just keeps on getting more immersive the more you play.. One of the best roguelikes out there and probably will stay that way for quite a while seeing the impressive pace of development currently..Doesn't hurt that there's a really great mod community around it as well delivering plenty of stuff to further expand on an already impressive game
76561198067054607,Recommended,259680,15001032,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mauro Madness,fun rougue like with a number of features. I like that it offers exploration and adventure for those new to the genre. My only complaint was that it seems to crash randomly so be prepared. Otherwise a lot of fun. (added 1/7/16) Still crashing was hoping this would have been fixed by now
76561197977550819,Recommended,259680,15109045,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,KL4nk,"if you get past the steep learning curve, you wont be able to put this one down,, best roguelike game ive played so far,, character progression is so deep its just insane the amount of unlock and achievement you get with this free game , yes  i said free, go to there website and get it free. but its totaly worth the price they ask on steam.must have for any rpg/roguelike fan.   11/10"
,Recommended,259680,8239093,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Illegal Guy,"Not exactly sure why steam makes you purchase tome4 since its free on the website but donations do help this great game,  Its a very traditonal rogue like and should not be missed, i can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,259680,20248789,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,=T$E= Philsco,"I HIGHLY recommend this game!  GREAT way to chill out and kill some time (and a lot of creeps!)The graphics are weak as Hell, but that's part of its undeniable charm and not the focus of this game, anyway.The focus of this game is the pen-and-paper style system, and it is great!  If I knew people who were more into this, it'd be a fun module to play table-top.Also, anything with a decently active Steam Workshop gets bonus points in my book."
,Recommended,259680,27954142,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. Crowbar,"This is a fantastic roguelike with some very addictive gameplay. Lots of stories, unlockables, and class varities to keep you busy for a long time."
,Recommended,259680,17672149,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,>Nick<,"Great roguelikeIt's a great game. Not good looking, but fun and challenging.Buy it if you like:Lots of races and classesCustomizable character's build (skills, talents, masteries...)Secrets to discoverRandom item dropsA story to followTurn based gameplayChoosing hardcorenessPlanning and adaptingWhat you maynotlike:Few sprites animationsMain story world itself is not random (although race and class influences some world aspects, like where you start, how people treat you)GraphicsSuddenly dying to a mage =PIf you like it you may also take a look atPixel Dungeon"
76561198110856247,Recommended,259680,16422995,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bladeengine- Gentleman Knight,"(In future may write a longer review, but as it is on sale right now, here is my recommendation in short form)Tales of Maj'Eyal (ToME) is extremely good at what it is- a roguelike of the dungeoncrawler RPG type, that can also be played as a more regular RPG with limited or infinite lives. Combat is a fairly quick turn-based system, that requires a decent amount of care as death is quite easy to come by. Items, statistics, and talents are complex yet fairly easy to parce, with items especially having a wide variety of possible enchantments and special effects, along with many unique items. There are a wide variety of character classes and races, some of fairly traditional RPG stripe and some highly unique, most of which unlock with play.Both as a roguelike and as an RPG, ToME has extremely high-quality lore and worldbuilding- every unique item has some kind of description or history, many of the bosses and areas have reasons for existing, and Maj'Eyal, the world, itself has an interesting history and substantially long questline (which is also quite difficult- while playing without infinite lives, I have never come close to beating it)The game can be played with permadeath, limited lives, or infinite lives, and with the regular Maj'Eyal questline, or in the Infinite Dungeon (which works as you would expect), or in Arena combat.All in all, an extremely good game with a variety of ways to play depending on what you are looking for."
,Recommended,259680,20906913,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Maven,"I've always been mixed on roguelikes, but ToME is amazing. With the exception of my burning hatred for playing Rogues, I've found joy in experimenting with countless classes and builds. The game is cruel at times, but fair. For those not interested in the full severity of no-mistakes-allowed permadeath, Adventure mode provides you chances to continue and rewards you for continued success.But when it comes down to it, it's the dedication of the developer and game moderators that really sells it. Quick to respond, pleasant in demeanor, and...wait, they've been doing this for fourteen years?!HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS GAME UNTIL NOW?!"
76561198134301505,Recommended,259680,16527360,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DigitalToastGaming,"Quite simply the best roguelike RPG ever Made!  If you don't have it, get it.  NOW!And, why do I say this?  Oh, no reason.  Other than the fact that this game is tailor made for people who love the following:1) A crazy amount of replayabillity.2) INSANE amounts of character customization. (There's even a class that allows you to access all of the talents of all the other classes in the game...ON ONE CHARACTER!)3) A real challenge (sure you can play on Easy with Infinite lives if you wish.  I won't judge.)4) An large amount of extremely well written and well placed lore that really brings the world of Maj'Eyal, with all of it's continents, races, cultures, and history, to life.5) Roguelikes in general.I began playing this game before it hit Steam.  I sunk an ungoldy amount of hours into it (well over 1000) and it always kept me coming back for more.  When it hit Steam, I grabbed it Instantly.  And when the DLC came out, I'm pretty sure I was the first to buy.The developer is very attentive to feedback and is always working on the game (fixing things, adding things, and fine tuning it.)  Oh, and did I mention that this game is MODDABLE?  Yes, it is.  And, there's an absurd amount of mods on the steam workshop, with more being added almost constantly.In short:  You are doing yourself an extreme dis-service if you do not buy this game. NOW.  You won't regret it.  Ever.Sincerely: DigitalToastGaming  (WarriorOfLight in-game)"
,Recommended,259680,13457558,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Morgemil,Been playing since tome 2 and it is my premiere rogue-like.
,Recommended,259680,8445593,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GDwarf,"Rougelike done right.I love Rougelikes. They're swimming in options and strategies and are playable in either small chunks or long sittings, their random nature makes them highly replayable, and they're just generally nifty keen.That said, they also tend to be cruelly unforgiving and really frustrating in the early levels, combined with obtuse interfaces and extremely unhelpful in-game information.Tales of Maj'Eyal takes the good and throws away the bad. It has more starting options than any roguelike I've ever seen, and has a fleshed-out world for you to explore. The interface, while not flawless, gives you all the information you need to make good choices and the early levels get you used to adventuring without killing you because you tried to mount your horse from the east instead of the west, or whatever.I highly, highly, highly recommend this title to anyone who likes any other titles in the genre, or anyone who is at all curious about them."
,Recommended,259680,8035594,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Kyvan101,"OMG, that game came out of nowhere and hit me hard. This is addictive as hell, challenging, unforgiving and so well designed. Really cant find anything negative to say about it right now. Reminds me of my youth when I was playing all these classic SSI RPGs - a shame today everything turns out being so vanilla so this one here really shines..."
,Recommended,259680,8055458,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,welly321,"I played this game a few years ago and when I saw it pop up on steam, I had to get it. It successfully mixes roguelike gameplay with old style CRPG gameplay. There are tons of unique items all with there own descriptions and graphics. Combat is turnbased and the skill/magic system actually works kind of like World of Warcraft. Things are on a cooldown system and combat is very stragetic. The one down side to this game is it takes a while to learn. When you start out, you only have 3 or 4 classes you can use. As you progress through the game, more classes will unlock when you complete certain quests or achievements. I would recommend this game for any fans of RPGS or roguelikes."
,Recommended,259680,18160546,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,burntpancakethebhaalspawn,"BEST combat/character build system EVERYou can never get tired of the various builds TOME4 can offer even if you have limited interest in build types. Watch your hero grow to be the ultimate awesomeness is a great pleasure for me.Combat in this game is the best I've seen in all games, the more skilled you are, the more fun you'll get(in higher difficulties of course). In many games, when you achieve ""mastery"" everything just becomes a cakewalk. This is never the case in TOME4. You get cocky and you die.TOME4 is so focus on combat that it DOES NOT have many traditional RPG/roguelike elements such as hunger, tireness, thirst, consumables... You can actually feel that every mechanism in it is born for battle(except some aesthetics options). This is good for TOME4 because adding these will only undermine what TOME4 already have.(Unrelated: Non-combat focused roguelikes can be really good as well, have you tried elona? If you ignore the male chauvinism filled in that game, it is magnificent.)Constantly updatingIt has an ancient history(In the field of computer games) and it is still updating. Major, huge updates including new classes/races/skills/graphics/mechanisms.Online features(can be disabled)It offers in-game chat with other players. if you visit the main website you can also check your many characters' details. You can discard them all if you don't want them and that will not affect your gameplay in any way, the only problem is that you won't be able to exchange items stored online between your characters.Friendly to beginnersIt offers a good tutorial and most of the stuff stay locked until you progress. You won't be overwhelmed by information if you are not prepared.Active player communityThe forum and wiki are quite useful and TOME4 have tons of mods developed by the players. You can get them easily in the workshops.Darkgod is SmartThe developer of this game, Darkgod, is extremely smart. The game mechanisms are so well developed that there's no grinding/taking advantage of AI/boredem in late game. Expect a difficult challenge in early game and expect it to be more difficult in late game as well.Darkgod is KindYou can play this game for free if you download it from the official website.If you pay for the game and DLC you can get many customizable aesthetic options/exchange items between characters/new classes etc. The price is ridiculously cheap as well. Darkgod also accepts additional donations in the game's official website.Watch how many hours other reviewers and I spent on this game. It's insane."
76561198045582308,Recommended,259680,8725032,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TheCometCE,"If you're one of those people who believe their RPGs are not difficult until permadeath is included: This game is for you! :)Tome (the core game's name, Tales of Maj'Eyal is the story arc included) plays out like a skill-based version of our old friend NetHack, minus the bloat and with deep character building (not to mention MODS <3).If you've played NetHack or Dungeons of Dredmor, or games of that style, the gameplay should be of little surprise to you.You fight on a grid, turn by turn taking down your enemies while snatching up all of the loot you see.The beautiful part is, the developers seem to have known exactly where to change staples of the series and where to keep things.For example, you have the Chest of Transmutation, which is where all of your loot goes into. Anything in the chest doesn't affect your encumberance until you take it out of it, and anything you keep in the chest when you transition between maps is transmuted into currency (don't worry, you are given a prompt to move anything you need on transition).This keeps the inner loot ♥♥♥♥♥ in us all satisfied with grabbing everything, while also helping to keep the trash loot out of our inventories.Little things like this make this game have all the fun of the roguelike genre without the busywork that just isn't fun at the end of the day.With a -ton- of classes, plus steam workshop support, if you're into these kinds of games, you have no reason to not pick Tome up!"
,Recommended,259680,16423878,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Weebi,"Probably one of my top favorite roguelikes.This game is not only extremely challenging, but is also insanely addictive and somehow keeps you coming back over and over to try out new classes and races.Very well designed even though it seems simple. Definitely worth the money."
76561198101165819,Recommended,259680,15447249,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,velkos4ever,more than 300 hours and still didn't beat the game 10/10
,Recommended,259680,15044831,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,azak,"Hardcore rougelike which is quite addictiveFirst of all you will die a lot, the game is hard and one wrong move will kill you. But I really really like this game, You have to think about each move and if u just rush in you will die easily. The Graphics are minimalistic but do their job just fine. The Story is ok but the world in it self is very well thought out. But the best of all is The looting and the skill system which reminds me of Diablo 1 and 2."
,Recommended,259680,15583950,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,applebaps,"I've been playing roguelikes since the late 80s, early 90s, starting with Nethack when I was a young girl.  Later, I discovered ADOM, and Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.  It took me a while to warm up to Angband and its variants, cause I was used to ""Hacklikes"", which are fundamentally pretty different games.  I'll be using the terminology ""*Bands"" to refer to the latter, the * meaning put whatever you like there.  Games like Angband, Zangband, Cthangband, Animeband, Hengband, etc.  I'm going to do some comparing, because in order to understand why you should play ToME, some history and context is useful.  You've gotta know what you're getting into, here.Comparing Hacklikes to *Bands is a lot like comparing X-Wing Vs. Tie Fighter to X3.  Roguelikes aren't generally ""fast-paced"" (with the exception of some wonderful titles like Crypt of the Necrodancer), but when I say that Hacklikes are faster than *Bands, what I mean is the planned length of a successful game is much shorter.  You can beat Nethack in a determined afternoon if you know exactly what you're doing and get a bit lucky.  *Bands are designed to be played for hundreds of hours before completion.  This distinction wasn't apparent to me until I got a bit older and explored the *Bands more thoroughly, because at first I just found them boring and samey.Tales of Maj'Eyal (and how do you even say that out loud?) is, historically and in spirit, a *Band game.  It used to be called Tales of Middle Earth, and was based on a game called UMoria, which is in turn an Angband variant.  For ToME 4, they discarded the Tolkein and created all new lore from scratch, and changed a LOT of features.  This is largely the ToME that you'll be playing if you buy this game.So, what characterizes a *Band, and ToME in particular?  What kind of games are these?Whereas in Hacklikes, you are pressed forward by limited resources and infinitely spawning monsters, in a *Band, the game flow is based around infinite resources.  Take food, for example.  In most if not all Hacklikes, your character becomes hungry over time at a pretty good clip, and you have to find food or you will die.  So, much of the early game becomes about knowing which monster corpses are safe or even beneficial to eat, as well as locating non-perishable foods such as rations (which are in turn quite heavy in bulk, necessitating inventory management of very limited space).In *Bands, you also get hungry, but the rate at which you do is very very slow compared to Hacklikes.  Monsters generally don't leave corpses, and you can always buy rations in town, which you can always get back to easily with a scroll of recall.  Hacklikes generally have no such spells or scrolls (if they have towns at all), and shop inventory is very limited and, depending on the game, usually does not restock.Hunger is, however, a mechanic that later on becomes almost a non-issue in winning Hacklike runs.  There exist items that can slow digestion or produce infinite or near-infinite food in most all Hacklikes, such that the hunger mechanic mostly kills off early characters or very unlucky midrange characters.  And in *Bands, I'm a relative noob, but I've still never lost a character due to hunger.So, why even have a hunger mechanic, then?  The developer of ToME probably asked himself that very question, and did away with hunger for ToME 4.  This is only one of many smoothed out, streamlined mechanics that fully embrace the *Band / infinite resources heritage of ToME and make it more accessible for newcomers.  There are also no unidentified items, for instance, and the game offers you an ""adventure"" mode where you have more than one life, or an ""exploration"" mode that's unlocked and visible right from the start, with infinite lives.  Of course, I'm bullheaded and old-school, so I only play on ""roguelike"" mode, where dead is dead.  But you might find you have wiggle room in other modes to learn more per character.You're still going to die a lot, especially if you play anything other than a Bulwark.  But the classes are very interesting, and the lore is very well-written and interesting.  You gradually unlock more birth options (for new characters) as you play and find certain sidequests, but nothing else is persistent between runs, unlike many of the rogue-lites and mystery dungeon type games that have been popular lately.  This is a very hardcore, old-school roguelike of the *Band lineage.  You'll be playing any particular character for a very long time, growing attached to them and overcoming many challenges before dying horribly 100 hours from now because you got stupid for a second.  And then you're going to start over, because it's insanely fun.Alchemists in particular are probably my favorite class so far: You get a golem that you can equip and that has laser eyes and charges into battle to take hits for you while you throw grenades from the back lines.  I like to name mine after my boyfriend.  Summoners are also a lot of fun: you can throw wolves at peoples' faces, and summon dragons and minotaurs to kill things while your turtle tanks for you.  But I really recommend playing Bulwark or maybe Berserker to start: they're much less flimsy (Bulwarks in particular, they're the sword/mace/axe and board characters) and will let you learn more and accomplish more birth unlocks per run.Healing is accomplished through cooldown abilities rather than limited items, and you have a lot of options for talent specs to build even a particular class in very different ways.  Different races have very useful and interesting bonuses and penalties and racial skills, and as a woman I appreciate that there's no in-game difference between playing female or male.  Roguelikes aren't the games to do gender political commentary, lol.So, if you get ToME (and you absolutely should), you're basically getting what games like the Elder Scrolls series aspire in their most ambitious moments to be: a long-term playfield where you can go on adventures and explore dungeons and become strong from nothing.  Most modern crpgs try to achieve what roguelikes, and *Bands in particular, already had nailed a long time ago, and if you play this version of ToME, you're getting the best of any game I've seen so far in this already-amazing and venerable genre.One last thing: this game includes a chat feature that lets you talk to other players as you play on a few different channels, and I highly recommend you use it and get to know some of the other people who know a lot about the game.  Your mileage may vary of course, but in my experience the community for this game is both dedicated and very welcoming and helpful.  The chat is a fantastic feature."
,Recommended,259680,12706838,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hooloovoo,"This is probably the most direct, natural, and beautifully designed rogue adaptation so far in the 21st century. The game doesn't overwhelm with options while at the same time providing a bunch of starting options and a great deal more to unlock as you get more familiar with the game and its systems. I would recommend it not only to roguelike fans but to help convert someone into a roguelike fan. Get in there and start dying!"
76561198004387864,Recommended,259680,12262793,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Abbodon,"Tales of Maj'Eyal or ToME is an absolutely fantastic rougelike with more than enough content to keep you interested long term, the developer is constantly improving and adding new features or balancing old ones and yes it is frustrating, sometimes, to have your character die ebcause of a stupid mistake and have to restart but then that is part of the appeal of roguelikes. This is classic dunegons crawling at its best and with the ability to download it for free off the official webstie then come back and buy the steam support once you know you like what is on offer I can think of no reason why any RPG/Dungeon Crawler fan shouldn't at least give this game a try,"
,Recommended,259680,9878207,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Witzelsucht,"ToME combines the depth of the classical RPG, the friendly user interface of the modern cRPGs like Diablo, and the challenge and replayability of a good roguelike game. Unncessary complexities that might otherwise make a turn-based dungeon crawler tedious are streamlined using functionalities like auto-explore, auto-cast, and auto-sell. At the same time, the game retains all the complexities related character customization and strategy. There are 25 classes, and nearly all of them play very differently from the others. Adding to the strategic depth is the amount of effects the environment can have on a character, from vision blocked by fog to getting crushed by collasping walls to suffocated in water. The dungeon design makes great use of these elements. There is always something new to look forward to when you start a new game, which is a great news, because the game is challenging enough that it's only a matter of time before your first character runs out of lives."
76561198040457997,Recommended,259680,11540642,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Keemossi,"ToME is an excellent roguelike lite. As in, you shouldn't really count of ToME in the same group as Nethack, ADoM, or even Crawl. ToME is, first of all, much more focused on combat. There is no hunger, very little inventory management, very few ways (none?) to lose your character outside of actual combat.(for clarity: bump attack means an automatic attack that happens as your character attempts to enter a space occupied by a hostile character. Yeah, autoattack)The combat doesn't much remind the bump/cast combat of most roguelikes. It's more like WoW, turn based. And I don't mean this in a bad way. Most turns you have to use skills even as a melee character, as opposed to bump attacking like you probably would in most actual roguelikes. There are a lot of skills, considering the game currently has at least 25 classes, many of which have multiple unique skill lines (each containing 4 skills).Now, let's get this out of the way: the game is free, unless you really want to buy it on Steam, or otherwise. The game is also easily worth the Steam price, and much more besides. A single playthrough can be easily over 10 hours, and the game has a lot of replayability. It is fun.Downsides? Having played this a lot (though not nearly as much as some), I'd say: the normal difficulty is way too easy, with some exceptions. The higher difficulties aren't viable on some classes (the higher you go, the less viable melee is, in general), and getting oneshot becomes increasingly an issue. There are ways to deal with getting oneshot, but they usually involve tedious gameplay. Like, using certain spells to check what's behind every corner, always. I personally *hate* playing like that, so currently I can either play on too easy difficulties, or play on challenging difficulties with random oneshotting mobs. Mind, you can easily get several playthroughs (like, 30h+) worth playtime before encountering this issue.Erm.. so yeah. Good game, worth getting."
,Recommended,259680,11549371,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,chicagocrazy,"I grew up on Nethack, matured into Crawl: Stone Soup, and now obsess over ToME. If you are a fan of classic rogue-likes or if you are new to the genre, ToME is a great experience. There are many layers of complexity in content, lore and character progressing that makes for many hours of play.Just as a side note: the graphics aren't pretty. Try not to let the graphics detract from the excellent depth of the game. Also, the game is fairly difficult. If you are new to rogue-likes, play in 'exploration' mode until you unlock some of the races and classes and get a better feel for the game."
,Recommended,259680,16690482,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bacon Brad,Despite my Steam time in the game I have put in hours into this game prior to purchasing it here. Rogue likes are not for everyone. But if you are into rogue likes or think you want to try one this is one of best.
76561198148880287,Recommended,259680,13633158,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,EtryKoronath,"Great game, very fun roguelike, and the fact that you unlock certain things for future playthroughs, without it changing the balance of the game is a great mechanic. It's fairly forgiving, in that you can start on easy mode, with unlimited lives (but no achievements) to figure things out, then once you've got the hang of it, you can change it up to a harder version.If you're someone who has to get every achievemnt though, this game will take a LOT of your time. I first got it from DarGod's website, played it for a hundered plus hours, then heard it was on steam, so I bought it here too (on a friends shared account) and started playing it. I earned a hundred or so achievements before I just started playing under my account. And then I realized that I had to re-earn those achievements. I felt better when I realized that those hundred I earned? not even 15% of the total possible. Yeah, that's right, there's not 100, not 200, but over 1300 achievements for this game.So like I said if you need to have EVERY achievement, this will take you some time, especially since at least one of the achievements is nearly impossible. You have to beat the optional boss, who is a super archmage/god (not kidding about that, it's part of the amazing in-depth lore of this game) on the hardest difficulty setting, with one life. Oh yeah, and she can come back to life a few times. Oh, and she gets stronger each time she does it. And she is in the middle of a town full of mages, who also attack you. But at least you can attack first, right?So for those who don't want to spend the next 3 years trying to get that achievement, it's still an amazing game, with good graphics (for a roguelike) a great story, fun unlock systems, and interesting combat. All that, and it was developed by one guy! Props DarkGod, your minions salute you!"
,Recommended,259680,13291319,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kalimonster,"I think ToME was the last big roguelike I hadn't tried yet. Every time I went hunting for a new roguelike, I'd find ToME, look at the screenshots, wrinkle my nose at the tileset, and move on.A combination of peer pressure and exasperation at the four million half-baked early access games I'm waiting on finally tipped me over the edge to get it -- and I'm glad I did. Finally. I've been missing a lot of fun.So! Here's what I'm digging about ToME:1. Maybe this is mentioned in the reviews for it, and I've just somehow always glossed over it, but ToME has a really interesting set of skills that rely on various energy bars, cooldowns, and other variables. Even my very-straight-forward berserker has a hopping action bar that's a handful to manage. Honestly, it reminds me (pleasantly) of MMO combat. Just, you know, without the ganking, loot drama, time commitment, spouse aggro, RSI...2. It's not early access. Invictus, I take back every eye-roll I ever aimed at you for avoiding the early access games I'd recommend to you, because I'm there now. Holy mother of pogo-jumping Christ, is it pleasant to play a game that's finished and working and not possibly maybe someday in the future going to not suck, honest.3. There's a global chat where everyone currently playing ToME can talk with eachother. I'm really enjoying this, even though it's usually just a ticker for achievements and the new and exciting ways people are finding to die. Occasionally conversations or questions will spring up. Feeling like a single-player game has a shared community is a new thing to me, I guess.I only have two quibbles with the game, and they're utterly cosmetic: some of the tunes aren't so hot (and all of them are short enough that the repetition wears on you very quickly), and I really don't like the tileset. It's what has put me off getting the game multiple times over the past years. They're too complex to hit my pixel-art happy buttons, and too amateurish to look good. It's some kinda tepid middle-ground, designed-by-committee tileset that makes Baby Jesus cry.And I'm having so much fun with it that I can look past it. If you like roguelikes at all, get it. Seriously."
,Recommended,259680,15007239,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DrDude,I want my life back
,Recommended,259680,14140964,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,King Don Ton,It won't let me stop.
,Recommended,259680,9390796,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Yellow5,"Almost 10 hours in and I cannot put this down.I grew up on Roguelike games and this is one of the best implementations I have played.  Make no mistake!  This game is hard, brutal and you will die.. but you will enjoy it along the way.Keeping this short and simple.  If you enjoy roguelike games this is a must buy."
,Recommended,259680,8365604,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Llyagushen,"If you are looking for a good roguelike with a great combination of the following: lots of classes, tactics, skills/talents/spells, items, workable mouse based UI and good tileset, nice story, lots of text to read (optional), then this game is your choice. The game is relatively difficult for beginners, so you'll have to learn the ropes by dying a few times (or few dozen times) before you can advance the story further, unlock more advanced classes, zones, etc. Rather complex gameplay mechanics doesn't help until you figure out how all the statistics work together. The full version is still free to download on the official site, so there is no reason not to try this awesome game."
76561198010325462,Recommended,259680,11190251,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Guteck,Rantha (The Ice Dragon) froze me. At the same time she froze game too ( It stopped responding). 10/10
,Recommended,259680,8053061,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,GoblinTown,"A very fun, old-style roguelike with lots of places to explore, quests to find and do and things to unlock.  It has a good amount of felxibility in the permadeath department as well, ranging from Eploration (unlimited lives) to Roguelike (when they die, they die for good) with a bit of a middle ground which lets you earn extra lives at various levels.The ability bar and cooldown system, which does away with consumables like potions in favor of reusable abilities which grant regeneration, bonuses to defense, mana restoration or a number of other things, is a very welcome addition and streamlines things nicely, so you can easily activate your special abilities and know where you stand on how long until it can be used again at a glance.I'm very impressed with it and looking forward to exploring the secrets of Maj'Eyal."
76561197960284772,Recommended,259680,21411773,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jokerman,Great Rogue Like - get it !
,Recommended,259680,22246820,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ProperGhost,"If you are looking to buy this game, do it. I did it solely because a friend who had never played it before recommended it to me, and it was entirely worth it. For 7 bucks, how can you go wrong?I started off knowing NOTHING. I did the tutorial, which shows you the absolute basics, like movement, but everything else was a mystery. The first few games I played, I tried going archer. It was fun, but my ignorance was appearant. After maybe an hour of playing it, I dropped it completely. I didn't touch it for almost a year.Recently, I decided to play it again, out of boredom more than anything. It started off a tad rough, but within a few hours, I made a lot of progress. With a few more, I really felt confident playing it.I'm definitely not claiming to be a master at this game. I am nowhere near close. I have only ever ""finished"" one game, and that was with infinite lives. However, the point I'm trying to make is that this game looks hard to master, but if you just tinker with it for a few hours, you will get over that learning curse seriously fast. That intimidating looking level-up screen becomes your female dog, and you know exactly what you need to do.This game as incredible depth and replayability. It was made almost completely by a SINGLE person, and on top of which, it is 7USD. Don't worry too much about the DLC, either. In no way will your gameplay be hampered by not getting them. They do, however, offer incredible new storylines and playable classes, so I would get them if you can afford it.This is, hands down, one of, if not the best, RPGs available. I sincerely believe that every person on Steam should buy this game."
76561197996115673,Recommended,259680,8067597,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Faiyn,"The sheer amount of builds and possible outcomes of each game is ridiculous, and far more expansive than I had imagined.If you're a fan of roguelikes and are in need of something to kill time, this is THE game. It's hard to fight at a $6 price tag as well."
,Recommended,259680,8035502,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,DaJuan Energy McDaniel,"Highly recommend this to ANY roguelike fan, or someone looking for a grand adventure they can fully customize. Tales of Maj'Eyal is a game brimming with content, depth, and hard work. In the character creation screen alone you will see how many races and classes are offered to you from the start, let alone unlockable through various quests and gameplay. Speaking of gameplay, it's everything you could ask for in a roguelike. Plays super easily, and one quick tutorial will get you ready to take on the world. There's so much to discover and try out, you will get an enormous value out of this game. Definitely give it a shot!"
76561197988975932,Recommended,259680,13821777,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Divine Hobo,"This game is fantastic. Every single class I have tried has been incredibly interesting, and there are 27 classes in the game right now. The graphics are simple, yes, but they are very easy on the eyes. My only complaint is that some information is unintuitive and hidden, for example switching control between controllable characters takes a turn. That doesn't really make sense, and the game doesnt indicate it anywhere, you just have to figure these things out on your own. There are many little moments like that.  But nitpicking aside, this is one of the most interesting RPG's I have ever played."
,Recommended,259680,8757563,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Gyro Zeppeli ~ Ball Breaker,"A very fun and very accessible rogue-like, loaded with content and numerous class/race/item unlockables you earn just by playing.  Has a large number of races and classes that all feel different from one another, different difficulty settings (how many lives you get) and unlockable bonus campaigns (such as an endless dungeon and arena).  The game is free on their site, but buying or donating gets you a few extra perks, such as transferring items between characters, a dwarf-only class (Stone Warden) and an infinite lives mode.The game doesn't hide anything from the player, so you'll know exactly what each stat point and skill does, what every piece of equipment will do for you, and exactly how strong each enemy is.  It's not gonna stop a wayward lightning bolt from ruining your run, though!I already put dozens of hours into it before buying it, and have already put 2 dozen in since.  Wholeheartedly recommended!"
,Recommended,259680,18933725,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Doomy Of The North,"I came into this blind. The game is great, the community is even better. One of the most helpful gaming communities I've ever had the pleasure of being part of. If you try this game, make sure to join the IRC."
,Recommended,259680,15027216,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Pile_O_Gunz,"This is an amazing game forget the new COD this 2d tile-based Roguelike is 1000 times deeper and more addictive.I'm currently playing a character whos skillbar contains: Teleportation mines, Wormholes, Teleportation , time travel,  archery, commanding a pack of hounds oh and splitting reality into three.  This is just one of many character types with wildly different abilities, skill tree choices and playstyles.Being a real roguelike this is a difficult game but incredibly rewarding if  you invest the time in it."
,Recommended,259680,8117773,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Farkon (extremeragin),"This game is FOR FREE at thier website.If you want a deep but easy to play roguelike withmassivereplayability due to the unique classes available with profound customization for each class. Then look no further. I've never played a game where you can erase theexistenceof an enemy through temporal powers, become a dragon wielding a massive two handed sword with various dragon-breathes, murder people in their sleep (literally), and even create a small undead army at your disposal.This game has been carefully crafted in various ways, for one the grind that's in some games is gone in this game, where shops restock only by your progress into the main campain and you later get a item that seperates what you find from your invintory until you decide to put it in your invintory, then, there's the fact that enemies you face have various tactics. For example, a corruptor can conjure bone sheild that negates all damage for 3 attacks! So if you never invested in a way to deal multiple hits with one attack, you'll have a more difficult time! Then the UI and interface is fully costimizable, you can even auto cast spells, such as buffs and take them off your UI!There are various items that have unique prefix-suffixs stats and effects attached to them, much like diablo or torchlight for example. Many powerful items are guarentied to drop from a boss, (aka a yellow artifact item) and if the item doesn't suite your need, you can store it away for the next character you make to use! If you don't even want to use that item, then you can convert into not just gold, but intoenergyfor a special building you acuire. The progession of this game is really solid and at times depend on your race, as some races level up more slowly, but are inately stonger then others. There are plenty of random events and quests that you can undertake, yet they aren't completely random to the point of unfairness.The skills and abilities you can accuire are amazing and unique! You can create agravitymage, or a invincible sword and board user that utilizes deadly counterattacks, or even a summoner where you can sacrifice creatures for various effects or contorl creatures to make one powerful creature! Then you have player races with unique abilities as well, for example a dwarf can eventually phase through walls, and a ghoul that can basically throw up on the ground that damages enemies and heals you! Last you have prodigies that are power and unique feats you acuire later on in the game, for example you can have a effect where an attack will kill you, but you'll save yourself from death, while slowly losing life to the point where if you don't heal you'll actually die!The main story is quite interesting and there's a ton of lore that you'll find and is quite deep. Some of this lore can help you find secrets through-out the world and clear up some of the strangest things you'll encounter... There are various difficulties available, so you can have a more casual experience by not losing your hero after he dies, or a more hardcore one where you have one life to live with stronger enemies! There are also various other adventures you can have, without downloading anything extra, for example you can enter into a arena if you just want some good old action, or if you want to have the old experience where it's just you and a dungeon, then you can enter into the infinite dungeon and never look back!In fact, I never looked back after playing this game, and never regreted it. There are plenty of games that are not worth your money or time, and thisnotone of them due to the quality of the mechanics and diversity of character crafting."
76561197970707677,Recommended,259680,21115682,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cabbage of Ravage,"TOME is an awesome roguelike. The combat is much more complex than any other roguelike I know of and the soundtrack is superb. The splash art is amusingly bad, but fortunately it is rarely visible.I highly recommend this game."
76561197995817709,Recommended,259680,19049955,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Miracle Brandy,Rewarding. Satisfying. Unforgiving.Excellent game; give it a few deaths. The item system is great.
76561198017080543,Recommended,259680,19063988,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Timmy the Tooth,"Played this game for 60 or so hours around 3 years ago, it was free to download but an option to donate. I actually really dug it so when it went to steam decided it was time to support the creator by purchasing it. It's worth the full price, but if you're cheap like me you can wait for a sale as it seems to go on sale semi-frequently.Pros-Deep class options, a min/maxers dream.High replayability due to not all classes being available from the outset (must be unlocked) as well as many different ways to approach situations.Story is decent enough, if you're into reading and lore this game has it.It has graphics, even spells have decent graphics, no ASCII here!Perma death, it's a roguelike folks!Cons-Perma death, it's a roguelike folks..The graphics arent great, if you're used to cutting edge stuff, this might be a shock to your system.The amount of options for classes can be overwhelming, and there are limited classes available from the outset.Summary-If you like roguelikes, the Avernum series, or the old unforgiving RPG's of yesteryear, this one is a must have."
,Recommended,259680,17445553,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Croissant,"Don't Judge Books by their Covers!I'll admit, I picked this game up for cheap and didn't expect much from it. It looked like an unpromising Indy game with little to offer in the gaming world of high end graphics and twitchy shooters.  What I got was an amazing game that includes a great amount of depth, customization, unlockable, and difficulty. I have played for a decent amount of time now, and I have only ever gotten to level 11. Expect to die a lot, far more than in most standard games today. The game is at no lack of classic rouge like difficulty, although for people who aren’t out to become a professional masochist there are settings to allow a small amount of re-spawns or unlimited re-spawns. But I stand by the notion that the way to play this game is 1 and done.Might be Unsuitable for SomeBe warned that the game won't be fun for some people. If you dislike games like D&D or RPGS with lots of stats, percent’s, and numbers in general, then this game might not be for you. Also, if you like graphics prepare to be disappointed, this game severely lacks in the visual area, but is stylized enough that it doesn't strain the eyes like other games.In TotalThis game is great, but maybe not for full price, if you have the money to pay full price for this game you might be better off somewhere else like FTL. But on sale this game is a steal and one I’m glad I bought. Definitely a game I will continue to play long after AAA games lose their shine."
76561198000610228,Recommended,259680,27370095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,T3mp3st,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a deceptively hard true rogue-like with lots of content and tons of replayability.  There are a wide variety of classes and builds to choose from and unlike most games, the different classes actually play and feel very different from one another increasing the already overwhelming replayability of this game.  The difficulty curve is just the right mix of being a true challenge but not unfair as it is extremely rare to come across a situation that results in a truely unavoidable death that isn't the player's own fault.  In addition to the large number of classes there several difficulty modes, some of which are INCREDIBLY difficult, as well as very levels of perma-death ranging from 1 and done to infinite lives.  While the graphics are nothing groundbreaking, they are definitely above par for a roguelike and they generally give you a good feel for what is going on and setting an appropriate atmosphere.  All in all this is a very solid game and my person favorite of any rogue-like I've ever played."
,Recommended,259680,12261572,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DaStinger,One of the very best traditional roguelikes you will find.
76561198071421958,Recommended,259680,15676015,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,eternal jape,"I play this (literal) roguelike from time to time... it's been sitting in my library for the longest time and it's one of those games that i just pick up but never could get fully into due to the complexity of the game.The content here is massive, and as the term ""roguelite"" turns into just a full ""roguelike"" these days... I think it would be nice to have all the popularity on roguelites shine on their fathers -- roguelikes as well.From what I've noticed there isn't much world map procedural generation, but I do believe everything else might be procedurally generated.There's also steam workshop... if you're into this hard fantasy RPG kind of stuff... this is your wet dream. I personally was never a big fan of hard fantasy but I can respect it as long as I don't have to pay too much attention to the story.This game is littered with lore, and just... so much stuff to read.Excuse my uncultured roguelike tongue (lol), but I forgot that a lot of roguelikes are like this.I wasn't really raised with games with hordes of text like this -- the RPGs that I did play as a child were very action oriented, and not at all fantastical, and tactical such as Tales of Maj'eyal.I do not believe in numerical ratings of media, so I will just give this a big thumbs up to anyone who likes the following.-Replayability-Heavy fantasy setting-Turn based combat; tactical-Loot... procedural generation-RoguelitesWhoever developed this game made it with a master's hand in RPGs.Kudos developers."
,Recommended,259680,14447828,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,(((Semyon The Great))),"Inside, inside your head you're wasting away.Away right in front of my eyes,You're scared, so weary and worn the ♥♥♥♥ out.The worms made you so sick, so sick and filthy.Your burden is life.It's made you weak and,Shake in the knees.This is not,This is not you.This is not your reality."
,Recommended,259680,20908499,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The Merovingian,Tales of Middle Earth... I mean tales of Maj'Eyal is a fun little rogue-like in a fantasy setting. Lots of items to pick up and monsters to slay and each class plays drastically different than the rest. A fair bit of replayability and a perfect degree of difficulty make this one of the best old-school games you can buy. Worth every penny.
76561198048106130,Recommended,259680,17458547,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,POLSKA KURWA,10/10
,Recommended,259680,15567906,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Trikk,Obliterated from off-screen by a group of skeleton mages.10/10 would get wrecked again.
76561198200948555,Recommended,259680,32185519,Posted: 4 June,all,jens0512,"Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes,As an experienced rougelike-player; i need no more than 0.8 hours to know that this is yet another excellent game.If you are looking for more traditional rougelikes, i've got to say it lacks some features, but the extreme extent of other features greatly makes up for this.If you're after a exiting(and not so hard/complex/unforgiving) adventure, this is THE best rougelike.Undoubtly a thumbs up."
76561197999524813,Recommended,259680,20273577,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,QcGreywolf,"Like Rougelikes? You'll like this. It is hard by default and scales to whatever level of insanity you can stomach. Or not stomach and yet still enjoy, I won't judge the things you enjoy.But you will enjoy the depth and complexity of this gem. It may not quite wow the senses, but it will floor your sense of fun."
76561197996578580,Recommended,259680,20295840,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Logi,"One of those types of games I paid a couple dollars for to try out, not thinking I'd get more than a couple hours of play in. I was wrong, It turns out to be an exceedingly fun game with expansive play. I think I've put over 100 hours in it and still enjoy it."
,Recommended,259680,8047830,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,azure,"A brilliant roguelike if you're not quite ready to go balls deep into something like Nethack but still want that hardcore feel. Make no mistake - tome is hardcore, but still retains enough elements for beginners to ease into. Be prepared to take your time and learn all the keybindings, though."
,Recommended,259680,8058830,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,thekrakenisme,"Wow. If you have any love whatsoever for old-school roguelikes, Tales of Maj'Eyal cleans up lots of the muck and interface insanity and delivers one of the most polished, fun and narrative takes on the genre.Unlock wonderfully awesome classes like the chronomancer, and as you accomplish feats in the game, you earn persistant loot, characters, and modes that will be with you every time you roll a new char.Play it on ""roguelike"" difficulty to stick with one life (unless you find a way to cheat death in-game) to get a difficult but fair challenge.Steam workshop is enabled for the game, and there are several community mods and enhancements already available, so you can add scenarios, classes and more should you want.Also, on sale!! <brain explode>"
,Recommended,259680,8050891,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ChapsDungaroo,"""It's not all about the graphics."" We've all heard it before. Well this game is a true testament to that. I was not expecting what I got out of this. Plenty of class options and with unlocks, more class options than I even know what to do with. More than enough race options. TONS of skills to choose from. Loot galore that even changes how your character looks (I know this is important to some, myself included). You can play traditional roguelike with permadeath, semi-roguelike with limited revives, and adventure mode with as many revives as you want. With the character progression, large world, varied quests, and enemies everywhere, I can't stop playing. This game is easily worth the money."
,Recommended,259680,30479783,Posted: 12 March,all,Dithanaor,"The best rogue-like on steam. Excellent variety of classes and races, lots of unlockables to keep you busy, and a bit of BS deaths here and there to keep you on your toes."
76561197979896634,Recommended,259680,30486061,Posted: 12 March,all,DaemosZythaer,One of the best rogue lites available. It receives major content updates reguarly. The game has a steep learning curve but like most of the genre repetition is not only the best way to learn it is actually a large part of the fun. With the class/race unlock system you have more than enough motivation to try again and again. HUGE amount of content and challenge without feeling cheap.
76561198007263275,Recommended,259680,28938807,Posted: 2 January,all,Kalh,"This game is better than a AAA game, of course the graphics are not Skyrim but there is so many path to build your characters ( a lot of classes to unlock + a lot of skills)You can play with 3 differents modes : exploration ( doesn't matter if you die) adventure (you get 1 extra lives at level 1, 2, 5, 7, 14, 24, and 35) or roguelike (1life).There is so much content, when you unlock a race, a class , get a achievement, you get a amazing feeling of progress.For the price i think there is too few games who are that good."
76561198059641737,Recommended,259680,30026056,Posted: 18 February,all,Sevrin,"This game is similar in many ways to nethack, but it's more story oriented. If you like old-style roguelikes this is your game.One problem I run into frequently in this game is reaching a point where the enemies become too strong for me to handle, and there's nowhere I can go to train. I've never been able to progress beyond around level 30 because I reach a point where I've killed everything except for the really hard enemies, and can't seem to manage them.If you like this game, try (if you can find it) Elona+ custom (custom is the name for the english version, if you can read japanese just play Elona+)"
76561198042039400,Recommended,259680,16257431,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,huz,Makes every other rogue-like on steam look like pure trash by comparison(unless you count the soon to be released ADOM)
76561198019889233,Recommended,259680,8065379,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,jonasan,"this is the great hidden gem of PC gaming, the best game i have played in years... in a world of pick up and put down mediocrity this is a true classic that can remind each and everyone of us why we love video games. It clearly demonstrates the level of quality and depth that is possible in a game release when a game is given the ongoing development attention it truly deserves.You know that feeling you get when you look at the list of your steam games and feel 'meh, been there done that, what shall i play?' - with TOME in the list you have one title that will always scream 'PLAY ME, THERE IS MORE TO SEE, MORE TO LEARN, MORE TO LOVE'.after over 350 hours with TOME (almost all before the steam release) I still keep going back once i get bored with everything else i try..... it's the game that keeps on giving! (and keeps on growing thanks to DarkGod - the dev - and the community's amazing dedication)."
76561198049109315,Recommended,259680,10322300,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,lokd,"Amazing game, difficult for beginners to the genre and of course! So damn hard to finish. The possiblities of races and the diversity of classes mean you can try a new build whenever you get bored. Dungeons scale too a point, there are optional ones and even random occurences which in my experience are mainly more dungeons hehe."
,Recommended,259680,24131666,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Heroicly Hero Benny,At first this game seemed sub-par then I kept playing it and figured out it is honesly one of the greatest games ive played in a very long time it has amazing replay value and the story is massive and the combat is hard but rewarding.
,Recommended,259680,8771785,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,korhadris,"The best, and most varied rogue-like I've played.The gameplay changes between classes, combined with the unlocking of new races and classes up the replay value immensely.I love not having consumables in this game; too often consumables in my games turn into a collection that I never touch, unless absolutely needed. In ToME4, the only consumables are some quest rewards that bestow permanent bonuses on your character.The default adventure mode is a great mix of allowing some mistakes while keeping the fear and excitement of life or death common to rogue-like games.Muti-platform support combined with an awesome, active, open-source developer puts it over the top."
,Recommended,259680,15598123,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Misery,"I'm not going to say as much here as I normally do, because there's already like a bazillion other reviews here that go into alot of detail.  You might notice that most of them are either positive, really positive, or so positive that their writer probably imploded after posting it.I also notice that many of these reviews are from people that have LOTS of hours in the game.  It's looking like I'll be joining their ranks... preferrably without the afore-mentioned imploding.  Even just starting out, the game has that sort of addiction value to it that is hard to find.... the ""Well, I've been sitting here for 20 minutes now, I should stop and get back to OMG IT'S BEEN LIKE 7 HOURS HOW DID THAT HAPPEN"" sort of addiction.There's a TON of depth and content here.  And I havent even gotten to the real meat of it yet!So.... simply put, if you like roguelikes, go on and buy this right now, it's very exciting to run into a game of this caliber, and it's definitely worth it!  Dont get TOO excited though; calm down enough to actually make the purchase.  Just beating the screen with your wallet doesnt really work."
,Recommended,259680,19932383,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BinarySplit,"A fantastic roguelike. If you've ever enjoyed a roguelike, ToME is worth every cent."
76561197979085971,Recommended,259680,10874540,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rattlesnake,I haven't been able to do anything productive since installing this game.10/10
76561198043878646,Recommended,259680,10490031,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Boorego,"An Excellent game for people that want an intro to rougelikes. It is pleasing to the eye (by rougelike standards anyway) and is very easy to learn how to play and has muliple difficulty settings but the game is deep and challenging enough to keep you occupied for dozens and dozens of hours . Its alot of fun to figure out things like the correct dungeon order for certain classes or unlocking new races/classes by exploring more and more of the game each playthrough. The game is free online if you really don't wanna fork over the five bucks here but you do get the donator's perks for buying the steam version that include things like a special class, an exploration mode and custom tiles, nothing essential to the game at all but hey, it's there."
76561198033462374,Recommended,259680,10687699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Agent York Morgan,"Though the game takes a while to really get good, after your first couple of losses you'll have unlocked enough classes and learned how the game works enough to really have some fun. Though the game can be a bit overwhelming to someone new to the genre, it is a worthwhile game to anyone familiar with it. Also the Steam workshop has tons of fun add-ons that really add to the experience. It is an excellent game for it's price."
76561197962243247,Recommended,259680,10739472,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Disaster!,I would call this a modern take on the traditional roguelike.It features more accessible gameplay mechanics that would not alienate the modern gamer.It still has an unbelievable amount of unlockables and a daunting difficulty curve that will ensure you get what you paid for.
,Recommended,259680,10797660,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nissin Cup Noodles,"This game is incredible, disgustingly difficult and even at the best of times nothing short of frustrating but somehow I always find myself coming back for more. If you're a fan of rogue-like games and putting your life in the hands of a fine balance of RNG and clever thinking then you'll love this.Patience is key to being successful in Maj'Eyal, unfortunately for me that isn't my forte but I'll be damned if I don't keep striving for victory, and in there lies the reason to play this game. You acquire a valuable life skill or die trying, it's more than a game, it's a lesson!"
,Recommended,259680,10851213,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,amphy,Pick a race and a class. It doesn't matter which one: you're going to die and you can start over with a different one. Keep dying until you find a class you like. It's fun.
76561197965007135,Recommended,259680,10413759,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,President Trump,As of late I have been playing many Roguelike games and this is by far one of the most interesting.  It feels like a solo D&D adventure and has a depth to it that isn't intimidating.  I highly recommend this game for only $5.00 it is a deal.
,Recommended,259680,10572147,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,thewhistles,"Neat roguelike with lots of unlockable classes and races. Terrible graphics, but cool indie game worth 5 bones or clams or whatever you call them."
76561198001878976,Recommended,259680,10642409,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Turkish,"This game is weird, but very addictively enjoyable. Don't let the crappy graphics fool you. This is quite a little gem"
76561198002355325,Recommended,259680,10956327,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Likeahorse,Castles of the wind + + + + + + + + + squared
76561197971365728,Recommended,259680,10967746,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The Chumpion,"My favourite roguelike so far on Steam.good:Action and abilities are fun, good gameplay variation w/ unlocks and classes.  Plot is nice as are the quests and special dungeons.  Enemy variation is a plus.less good:UI is a little rough (particularly around the inventory) and it's a bit easy to get jacked by ranged enemies.  More randomization around the world and dungeons/dungeon assortment would go a long way on replays.  I wish item quality and progression power curve was a little more angbandy, it's a little flat."
,Recommended,259680,10565848,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nyven,"I love rogue like games. This one is very customizable. Lots of options and works on your nerves. It just keeps me coming back for more. The fact that it is now available on Linux makes it even better.Once you have linked your Steam account to your TOME account, you can transfer your save games between platforms and devices. Love this feature."
76561197994545860,Recommended,259680,10654301,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Duck-billed platypus,"A highly enjoyable, very innovative game for fans of the roguelike genre.Having played a lot of Dungeon Crawl, ADOM, and Incursion, as well as newer representatives such as SotS:The Pit, I consider Tome to one of the, if not the, most refined and creative games of its type.The classes are VERY different, the world is highly immersive, the game is challenging, yet with Adventure mode (several lives) or even Exploration mode (no permadeath), it offers a lot of options for players new to the roguelike genre."
,Recommended,259680,11048024,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Namfoodle,"If you like proper roguelikes like NetHack, Dungeon Crawl and especially ADOM, you need to buy this right now."
76561197987641605,Recommended,259680,11053244,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Holorax,Why so addictive...WHY!
76561197985065916,Recommended,259680,10988449,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Colonel Tequila,Mountains of replayability - well worth the asking price!
76561198073648775,Recommended,259680,10412183,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Suma,"My first impressions of Tales of Maj'Eyal...First, I think it is important to point out that although Tales of Maj'Eyal is featured as a roguelike game with perma-death, it can also be played with limited lives as well as unlimited lives. So, even if you do die you can still advance through the entire game with all of your hard earned stats and gear! That's really like 3 versions of the game!  So far, it seems like a very solid and polished game. It's obvious that a lot of love went into the making of this game and it shows through the professionalism of the product. Everything is explained in great detail through text boxes.It should also be noted that not all of the character races and classes are unlocked at the beginning of the game, and must be unlocked through playing the game. There are sub races and classes branching off of the main choices also.When you die in Exploration mode, you can teleport back to the battle before you died, but must fight that same battle from the beginning again, or teleport a little further back out of harms way.  You also get the choice to retire your character roguelike style, so be extra careful when making one of these choices after dying!  That is the only penalty for death that I have seen so far, but this is only based on my experience playing on Easier difficulty and Exploration mode (unlimited lives).Pros:+3 game modes; Roguelike (perma-death), Adventure (limited lives) & Exploration (unlimited lives).+5 difficulty settings.  Easier, Normal, Nightmare & 2 more locked settings.+Generous level cap of 50.+Extensive character customization with skill trees and infusions.+No consumables.  You don't have to worry about food or water.+Ammo is unlimited, but you will have to reload your quiver once in a while.+Fast movement and strategic turn-based gameplay.+Save feature. You can have multiple saves for multiple characters!+Many towns, dungeons and creepy places to explore, and conquer!+Can use both keyboard & mouse.+Streamlined to play on many computer systems and configurations.+Many races & character classes with sub races and classes to choose from.+Randomly generated tactical battles and dungeons/maps. Both good & bad!+Easy modding support with Steam Workshop integration.+User friendly GUI with great explanations of everything!+Great little tutorial provided.+Cool sound track and sound FX.+Smart AI.  Both character and monster AI.  Monsters will hunt you down!+Options, options and more options!  The game is completely customizable!Cons:-Death comes too easy due to free roam exploration and randomly generated tactical battles & dungeons/maps.  You can encounter areas without warning, where you will die instantly.  Beware of dungeons you cannot exit because you activated a battle with monsters 30+ levels above yours!-Randomly generated tactical battles and dungeons/maps. As I said, both good & bad!-The game gets a little boring after a while.-Once you beat Arena mode, your character is useless.-You cannot play the regular game with Arena characters.-The price is a little high for an indy game.  I usually get these kinds of games for $1 on my iPad.You can use keyboard, mouse or a combo of the both. There are many key commands which most can be accessed with the mouse too. The keyboard commands are logical choices and easy to learn, but can be remapped to your liking. You'll be using the mouse most of the time though. I have not seen any In App Purchase (IAP) selections or buttons, so I assume most of the content so far is in the game.Tales of Maj'Eyal seems like a nice little game that is very stable and polished with love for the genre. It's old school fun with a twist of 21st century ideas. Being able to set up the game with limited and unlimited lives was a very nice touch and gives the game some options to appeal to many other gamers! You even get your own set of achievements and recognition for playing with limited and unlimited lives! I'm happy with my purchase! :D Happy dungeon crawling! :)My system specs are:iMac, i5 Quad-Core 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon 6970M 1GB Video RAM, 4GB System RAM, running OS X version 10.6.8.I rate this game 4 stars out of 5."
,Recommended,259680,10530646,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,flamming_python,"Very nice like RPG/Roguelike type thing; go around, get loot, build up your character. I have a feeling I'll be playing this on and off for a looooooong time."
76561198049643061,Recommended,259680,10742933,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mige,Yes
,Recommended,259680,15783685,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Juc,Great rogue-like RPG!
,Not Recommended,259680,22798207,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Layarion,"I do not recommend this game unless you find taking several steps back in the history of presentation, gaming, and programing exciting."
,Recommended,259680,14554985,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[2$W] psychogears,"Dunno why but I really, really like this game.Context: I also liked Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft, and have not traditionally considered myself a fan of roguelikes.  I play the hell out of MMOs, though, and tend to raise alts more than raid end-game content with just one really strong character."
,Recommended,259680,14785533,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,strategic dier,Insanely deep and enjoyable open-source video game.
76561197984736579,Recommended,259680,14597841,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dekarflamon,"An unforgiving roguelike that gives you two black eyes, and yet for some reason you just can't leave it alone. The game itself is well put together and is reminicsent of other roguelikes such as nethack. Very good game over all, just don't forget to sacrifice to the RNG gods lest ye be smited."
,Recommended,259680,14664340,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Waenos,"In the first two weeks after I got this game, I got in a hundred hours of gameplay. While still actually taking care of my daily business. I wasn't on vacation or anything, and neither was I slacking off.In other words... Do you like sleeping? If so, do not play this game. I repeat, DO NOT play this game.But, well, sleep is overrated anyway."
,Recommended,259680,14768156,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,WGzombie,This game is very good and really replayable. I love this game and I'm sure you will too!
76561198009122209,Recommended,259680,14585952,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Shinesman Khaki,"It's hard to recommend this game, in some ways, as people will either like it and spend far too much time on it or just not like the genre.Anyone that likes roguelikes or their descendants (e.g. the Diablo series) should at least give it a try.  It's not a fancy game, but it has a lot of depth, a huge variety of classes, and a reasonable difficulty curve."
,Recommended,259680,15113128,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Daoloth,"It's a decent rogue-like that tries to mitigate some of the more annoying aspects of the genre, but still suffers from most the same problems, I mean ""features"",  that all traditional rogue-likes share.  No amount of skill will save you from the luck-based aspects of the game.There are a wide variety of classes and races, many of which are gated behind in-game achievements or events.  Classes and skills are uneven, but the game is constantly being tweaked.Although it's a single-player game, you can play it while logged into the server and chat with other players in game, see their achievements, and have your achievements automatically announced.  The game's developer DarkGod will also occasionally show up and spawn in-game events, which can be very entertaining.The Steam version qualifies you as a ""Donator"" which unlocks additional content and there are many Workshop add-ons that enhance the game, including one that unlocks all of the gated races and classes."
76561198010916336,Recommended,259680,14557367,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,BmN,"Great game, highly addictive, lots of replayability; worth every penny."
76561198030598611,Recommended,259680,15892153,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,-=WavE=-,"The rare roguelike, that doesn't feel like complete waste of time."
76561198068981892,Recommended,259680,15573606,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AbacartheWizard,"I decided to try this game because I like RPG's where you can level up and find treasure. But, I don't want a huge challenge. I just want to bash monsters, get my gold and magic items, gain levels and explore a new world. So, I start my first character. A dwarf, sword and board warrior type. (There are a lot of race and class combinations) What I didn't like was the fact that after cutting my way through the first dungeon, I went out into the world and wandered into what must have been a higher level dungeon. The first monster I saw was level twenty and it beat the crap out of me and killed me so fast that I didn't have a chance to run away. Then, I go to sort of a Purgatory-like place, where this dude asks if I want to live or stay dead. I chose to live, so I respawn in the dungeon and get killed again. Okay, bad idea. So I go back to Purgatory and then I tell the dude, yeah I want to live but send me some place else. So, he does. Then, I run into an adventuring party which kills me for the third time. The character is done. No more respawns. No more exploring, just finished. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb. If I want hardcore, I should have the option for it. It shouldn't be mandatory.Edit-Now, after having played the game quite a bit, I find it a lot of fun. I play in ""explorer mode,"" which allows infinite lives. There is an infinite dungeon in the game, which I have not tried yet, but I am looking forward to it."
,Recommended,259680,19347594,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,krazycure,"This is a game that will wreck you, make you hate it, stop playing it for a few days, and then have you crawling back. I love this game. There is so much depth, so much replayability, so much AWESOME. If you haven't played, do yourself a favor, and play. It's good. Really good. Check out the oldRPG tileset in the workshop for even more fun."
76561197981190879,Recommended,259680,35332925,Posted: 30 September,all,Patopurifik,"Ok, I never posted a review on ANY game on Steam before. And I have lots.This game is, simply one of a kind. I started playing it in 2015, and 2 years later I am coming back and still discovering NEW stuff. There are not so many games that you can play the amount of hours I have played this game and still find out you didn't finish it.Don't waste your time trying to find any other RPG or even roguelike game if you haven't played Tales of Maj'Eyal. And don't try to understand the game by reading the reviews, it is just impossible because of how unique it is."
,Recommended,259680,28918288,Posted: 1 January,all,Umbrul,"First of all, let's get it out of the way: Tales of Maj'Eyal is a roguelike (in the traditional sense). That genre is notoriously difficult to approach due to its depth, random elements, and permadeath. However, ToME is much more approachable than its brethren.In terms of Permadeath, there are three options that you, the player, may select when creating your character: Exploration (you have infinite lives, and you can still unlock races/classes/other) , Adventure (you have finite/limited lives. By progressing, you earn more lives.), and Roguelike (you are the character, death is final... though, there are means of cheating death that you may discover).In terms of random elements,  you will rarely straight up lose/win because of your luck (though it definitely seems that way at the start). Within ToME, randomness can affect your loot, the difficulty of champion monsters (enhanced versions of a regular monster), enemy placement within a dungeon, and types of obstacles (i.e. dungeon variations, random events, etc.). Despite all of that, ToME gives you a few powerful tools to compensate.The ability to inspect ANY unit that you can see, as a free action. This allows you to see what abilities an enemy has, their stats, defenses, and much more. This means that if some enemy is new to you, or a champion variant is using some strange new ability, you can inspect it and adapt accordingly.Dungeon Consistency. Certain dungeons in the game will always be present in any playthrough. They will always fall within the same power level, and (almost) always have the same type of enemies. So, if you know you are approaching a certain area that is hypothetically filled with insane amounts of electric damage, you will be able to plan accordingly. The other aspect of this is that certain character excel in different dungeons, and are terrible in others. As you become more familiar with the game, you learn to play around your characters strengths/weaknesses, which leads me to the next point...The ability to RUN and ESCAPE. Some encounters are straight up unfair/impossible. Perhaps you got surrounded by a buch of weak enemies and are being stunned repeatedly. Or, you are stuck in a corner with a big, spooky minotaur. Unless you are tanky as all hell, and can heal for days, it is actually perfectly acceptable to just run/teleport to safety.In terms of depth, or wealth of mechanics, ToME is easily one of the best (if not the best). While other roguelikes may give you a bunch of ways to interact with a single item or the environment. ToME's depth comes from:Vast amount of start options (race/class). It is impossible to emphasize how DIFFERENTLY some of the classes play from one another. You do not just unlock new classes and races, but new racial groups and types of classes outside of just the  typical warrior, rogue, wizard archetypes.Unique Items (items can have class abilities attached to them, or even unique abilities).The lore (if you care about that sorta thing).Environments/dungeons. Past a certain point in the game, you feel like you are starting a whole different game (for the main campaign). It definitely caught me off-guard.Boss encounters. With minimal spoilers, you definitely want to inspect some of these guys/gals/things.Honestly, this is easily my favorite game in my library. I don't play it too often now, but that has nothing to do with the quality of the game itself."
,Recommended,259680,35096637,Posted: 20 September,all,LemonDemo,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is an extremely deep Roguelike dungeon-crawler in the same vein as Nethack or Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup. With that in mind, I would recommend ToME to anyone who enjoys RPGs of any kind. Unlike most dungeon crawlers ToME also has an intuitive and beautifully designed interface which makes the hotkeys easy to get the hang of. The class roles are deeper than any other roguelike I've played with Diablo-style leveling trees for every class and several opportunities to learn secondary trees from quests. ToME also has a well written and extremely lore-intensive story, setting it apart from more barebones games like DCSS. Try it out, it's free. Or buy it! I have definitely gotten my money's worth out of the expansions."
76561197960833702,Recommended,259680,9164818,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,dana scully's pantsuits,"i hated darksouls. it wasn't hard, it was grinding to me. this is hard, this is the game i wanted darksouls to be.i don't know what it is about this game that i love. it seems extremely basic on the surface but underneath it there's a depth that seems to go on forever. i have about 34 hours in this game and i've only gotten to level 15 before i end up dying. the deaths are frustrating but at the same time, i learn from it, i get better and to me that's the heart of a roguelike.a lot of different classes with different playstyles that you can unlock. the unlocking itself becomes a game, more of a push to get further in the game, to go a little more slowly when you encounter a new enemy and read up on their abilities.the one thing i don't like is that it's not really apparent on where to go. you have to do the dungeons in a specific order and that's not really apparent in the game. luckily many people out there have written an order they like and one that seems to work well, so i would check that out first.the game just feels like a community. people submit lore to be added to it and the creator will surprise people with random events if you happen to be on at the right time. for instance, there was an event the other day where he gave everyone on a flute that turned their character skin into a pirate, with pirate noises. just little touches like that from the creator shows the kind of care and admiration he has for this.so yea. i love this game, i reccomend the hell out of it if you like a challenge and don't mind dying a lot. it seems simple on the surface but it's so much more. so much"
76561198073371258,Recommended,259680,8027311,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BattalKruvazor,"looks can be decieving.After 2 hours of play, I certainly get why this is roguelike of the (many) year(s). I liked DoD but this is something else, way more full of experiences with little grinding.BTW, verdict is the same after additional play hours. This is one game that does not waste your time. Full of things to do, full of strange tales to take part in."
,Recommended,259680,8026310,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,namananaman,One of my favorite tile based rpgs with a great skill system and really unique dungeons
,Recommended,259680,18777085,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[PiCo]I havent seen you in Aegis,"Let me settle something first that sometimes confuses people looking at the tags on Steam. The first tag is ""Rogue-like"", the second is ""RPG"". This is not a traditional ""learn as you go on a mighty quest"" kind of RPG game, it is a rougue-like. You will learn as you die. You have one life (or multiple on Adventure mode) and will thus have to be tactical and smart with the decisions you make.Now, getting with the review, this is a fantastic game that i highly recommend you try if you are a ROGUE-LIKE fan, not a traditional RPG fan. The game doesn't bring miscellaneous lose conditions to discourage and hinder you like other games in the genre (Damn hunger meters). This is not to say that the game is a cakewalk, rather it is far from it. The game expects you to die and to learn from it, take the time to analyze why you took 30% of your health in one shot, check the game log, inspect enemy monsters before you rush in so you can take them on effectively.The game has excellent replayability, due to the diversity of races and classes as well as random dungeons and alternate layouts. Different races and classes also start in different areas and have slightly differing dungeons available, allowing for even more content that you may have not known was there in the first place. This, along with random loot that can have a wide variety of effects leads to the player enjoying exploring the world and tackling rare monsters.Even more content can be unlocked with the Arena and Infinite modes that can be obtained once you get to a certain point in the Campaign (both are fairly early). Arena mode lets you pick a race and class and lets you test your skill against a 30 or 60 wave gauntlet. Infinite places you in an infinite dungeon where you explore and try to survive for as long as you can.Overall, this game is a fun challenge for anyone who has the patience to see when to run and when to fight as well as the ability to say ""I just spent 10 hours on a character and he/she died. That's fine, let's see where we went wrong and try again."" And for those who read the negative reviews and saw ""i ran into a wall of lvl 20 guys at lvl 1, game is unbalaced"", they ran into a event (which you can avoid and come back to later) where you open a locked door and fight high leveled enemies for better loot. It's a high risk high reward area, and if you don't think you can do it, don't.TLDR: If you have the patience to realise you made a mistake and analyze it, and you enjoy rougue-likes, this is a good game. You will die, a lot. This is part of the game. It is wonderful and has replayability like no other. Also, don't open sealed doors unless you are ready to fight high level guys who will kill you if you don't know what you're doing."
,Recommended,259680,14876570,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Xorph,Have played for 200 hours.Have not beaten it.Still love the game.10/1011/10 with rice thx
76561197970807880,Recommended,259680,17606586,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is one of the best roguelikes I've played. It's accessible, modern, and fun. I've actually bought the game 3 times and have even donated to the developer. What makes it stand out is that a lot of top-down 2D roguelikes are influenced or based on ASCII graphics and keyboard only controls and even with addons cannot get past those humble origins. Tales of Maj'Eyal was developed with graphics from the start and fully supports sensible mouse controls supplimented by reasonable keyboard input."
,Recommended,259680,8035603,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jupiter,"This is a really good game, with tons and tons of content. I didn't know that you could get a lite (basically full) version of this for free, but i was super happy to pay for this, its cheap as chips anyway.Right, so I love roguelikes. This is a more hardcore roguelike. My favorite roguelike is Dungeons of Dredmor which is a little less hardcore than average, but is still worthy of praise.The only hurdle you need to get over is the visual style. Look at the screenshots. What you see is what you get; and i LOVE it!!!Sounds, music, sound effects, visual styles, ui, all sweet.It's a challenging, strategic and super super deep game.If you like roguelikes and you like the screenshots. Buy it. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,259680,12074985,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Angsty Meier Link,"Did you ever play Dungeon Crawl and like it? BUY THIS GAME! Can you play FTL without punching your monitor out? BUY THIS GAME! This is the best rouge like I have every played by far. First off, all the stupid crap about rouge likes - eating, potions, scrolls - ♥♥♥♥ them, don't have to deal with them. It's based on pure enjoyment, not micro management. Second, its not overly cheesy... if you die its usually not a YASD situation (yet another stupid death), it's probably your fault. With multiple difficulty and permadeath modes you choose the level of frustration. The best part is the community and developer. He is dedicated to polishing the game and improving all the time. Best 5 bucks ever spent.Did I mention 1306 achievements?"
,Recommended,259680,17954440,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Jungle = Feed,This game ruined the Achievement Showcase on my Steam Profile.
,Recommended,259680,18644558,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Puppet BBQ,The Roguelike equivalent of crack cocaine.
76561198052920263,Recommended,259680,30461399,Posted: 11 March,all,Malignant Noodles,"Lots of turn-based, tactical depth.Lots of tears."
76561198052463354,Recommended,259680,30664699,Posted: 22 March,all,Fëanor,"Pros-+The game is one of the most enoyable actual ""Rogue likes"" I've played.+Good range of class and race combinations allowing for a relatively deep customisation (uses still sprites but the sprites aren't lacking, they are both serious for the role player and humerous for the more light hearted run throughs)+Good sense of humour from both the game and the developer. (Ie / only a few nights ago the dev set out a bunch of random events including but not limited to handing out gold to turning you into a bunny with 20% crit chance.)+Lore is pretty damn Interesting+Its literally pennies for how much gameplay you can actually get.+Achievements! Achievements 1000+ Achievements for all you achievement junkies :P+Classes are and usually split into two obvious builds, sometimes more for the more.. creative players, and require some planning thought, example being a Spell sword, who focuses on casting and uses melee as an alt or who uses sword play and only uses magic to bolster his sword swings / damage.+Seems to be a lot of very varied items and gear all of which, especially items bearing prefixes and affixes can be incredibly useful and generally all can compliment some type fo character buildCons - Theres actually very few cons other than the few below, BUT the game is Niche, this won't fulfil every RPG ""roguelike"" fan.-Graphics are litlle basic (May or may not put people off, personally doesn't bother me as the game is far too good to sit and complain about how it looks too)-Have experienced a few lock ups on tabbing out during load screens (probably a dumb thing to do but Youtube ads don't skip themselves...)-Utterly Unreal amount of achievements may actually cause people to slog through the game not enjoying it.-RNG can really screw you over.-Game is incedibly difficult (for those who would rather face roll than think and believe they are the ultimate warrior/gamer)-Enemies can be very, very unfair if you get unlucky, which can be disheartening in rogue like perma death difficulty as there can be situations where your character may as well just drop his weapon and bend over."
76561198037956507,Recommended,259680,31016928,Posted: 8 April,all,[Insert Name Here],"I'll start by saying that I've never played any true roguelikes before, and was loosing interest in pretty much all games, until i decided to take a chance and try something new, and I'm glad I did. ToME has unbelievable deptch and character creation, customisation and development, and I've had a great time testing out all the initially unlocked classes and have spent every free moment in the last week playing this game, the talents are all varied and developed, and there are loads of different ways of playing each class. I haven't progressed more than a few hours on a single character so dying hasn't been too infuriating at any point, definitely gonna keep playing through this game and then pick up both expansion packs. 10/10 would recommend to any roguelike fans, or anyone whos never played a roguelike at all. This game is a masterpiece"
,Recommended,259680,30816895,Posted: 29 March,all,oguzhanjd,"This is definitely one of the best games I have played in recent years. If you have never played a ""roguelike"" style game before and you want to try such a game, this game is your best nominee for an entry to the genre. There are lots of different character classes and lots of talents to choose from. At first, only a handful of them are unlocked for you but it is so fun playing the game and unlocking the other features one by one and gaining cool achievements along the way. Beware, you will die a lot and forced to play from the start. But it is the nice part of it because you learn from your mistakes and try to play cautiously next time to avoid stupid deaths while learning subtle details about the gameworld and monsters. It is not the best game in the world, obviously, but if you like role playing games and just want to hack and slash, this game is a ""must try"" for you. You will not be disappointed."
76561198068482973,Recommended,259680,32300458,Posted: 9 June,all,Rorius,Tales of Maj'Eyal is one of the most beautifully designed games Ive played Excellent oldschool roguelike.
76561197990167786,Recommended,259680,33468416,Posted: 11 July,all,VoidHaunter,"WOW! 5 Stars *****This is the best roguelikes I've played so far.  The character options, the variety of locations, quests, items, classes, skills, unlockables... staggering!  It's fun and varied from the get-go with multiple avenues for replay both in the campaigns and the special game types of arena and infinite dungeon that you unlock.You're tempted to look at the graphics and say no, but you'll be missing out on a deep and rewarding game if you don't give it the time to really sink your teeth into ToME.  Try it for free from the dev's website if you have to, but come back and buy the game and the DLC once you're convinced."
,Recommended,259680,33533975,Posted: 14 July,all,Impossibrulis,"If you want a relatively easy entry into the world of roguelikes, ToME is definitely the game for you. While you don't need to learn a billion different key combinations in order to do the actions you want, you will most likely be overwhelmed by the massive amounts of activateable skills and items that you earn over the game. The character building options will also most likely overwhelm you. Your characters will be trash for a while until you get the hang of the system.Having the option to play on modes that aren't quite as punishing as roguelike is always a plus for those getting into roguelikes, but where's the fun in that? I mean, I did just play a single character for some twenty odd hours before dying on the last boss, losing all the progress. I wasn't mad. Honest.For whatever it's worth, ToME is the first game in closer to half a decade that has caused me to play for seven hours in a row. Seven. Hours.Get it. Reward the active developers of the game. Or don't. I'm not your dad."
76561198185290447,Recommended,259680,29149905,Posted: 9 January,all,...Loading,Where to start with this game...fun deep hard just to name a few things about it and my fav roguelike game 9/10 would die over and over and over again.
76561198119349685,Recommended,259680,29360018,Posted: 19 January,all,Pikapon~,"One of, if not the, best and deepest rouglikes i've ever played. If you enjoy rougelikes and need something to waste a ton of time on, GET THIS GAME. NOW."
76561198060157180,Recommended,259680,30509284,Posted: 14 March,all,SuperHC,"Got stuck while the game was loading a level, noticed a moderator in the chat, talked with him about it, then he used his divine powers to teleport me back to the world map. Give these nice people your money already.10/10"
,Recommended,259680,30742892,Posted: 25 March,all,Bkarkow [DL[,"Oh wow, where to begin?This game is great. What it lacks in visuals is more than made up for in content. It's one of those games that you'll die a lot in, but each time you'll learn something new and think ""Alright, one more playthrough, I've got this figured out now"". Later, you realize that you've been playing for the past 12 hours, your eyes hurt, and you still have a lot more learning to do.ToME can be kind of intimidating at first glance. There's a million different spells, skills, and traits that you can pick through, and it's up to you to learn which ones to use and when. I suggest starting simple, find a skill or two to use that kills stuff, and slowly try to branch out from there so you don't get overwhelmed and quit. If you give this game a chance, you'll more than likely fall in love with it.There's a variety of different classes, many of which require you to complete a certain quest or objective with a starter class before they are unlocked. The game's difficulty scales fairly well, you're (probably) not going to die immediately upon starting a new campaign, and the first few quest chains aren't too difficult, which provides new players with some time to learn the basic mechanics of the game. In order to truly succeed in the game, however, significant attention will need to be put into resistances and learning which enemies do what kind of damage. Preparation and strategy are required, sprinting into battles is a good way to die, trust me, I know.The game is difficult, so be prepared. I have nearly 100 hours into the game and - sadly - still have not beaten the campaign. Despite this, I highly recommend the game. It's rewarding, fun, and has high replayability (look at the hours played of 95% of the reviewers). Do yourself a favor and buy ToME.One last thing, this game goes on sale a LOT. Typically for 50-75% off. If you still run a paper route and $6.99 is too steep for your blood, wait for one of these sales and say ""Goodbye"" to your free time."
76561198049706643,Recommended,259680,27042054,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,valtim,"This game definitely deserves more praise than it gets. One of the best rogue-like's out there. Tons of possible builds for your character, countless skills to choose from, great replayability."
,Recommended,259680,28800508,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Haven,fantastically addicting game
,Recommended,259680,10398442,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Docdra,"Quite a fun little title so far - does good things with the roguelike genre without sacrificing depth, difficulty, or fun.  Looking forward to digging into it more, as there is a ton of options that adds to the replayability..."
76561198009173518,Recommended,259680,34443640,Posted: 23 August,all,Something completely different,"This is a pretty gem of a game, just not in the litteral sense of the word pretty as it looks like an 8 bit nintendo game from 1991.Is that a problem?Not at all. The awesome class mechanics, dungeons and range of items more then makes up for the lack of pleasing visuals and I had a blast playing the game so far.Allow me to relate two encounter my archer had that hopefully illustrate the brilliant randomness from the game:1) Carefully exploring a dungeon she was jumped by two vampires who disarmed and offbalanced her. Being helpless she struck her rune of random teleportation and vanished from the vampires eyes!Only to appear smack in the middle in a huge oval room filled to the brim with HUGE spiders, still disarmed and off balance. She managed to survive by jumping over six ranks of spiders into a corridor and fighting them one by one but it was some frantic combat.2) Walking in an empty room my archer walked to the far wall where some items where on the floor, avoiding a so called lava floor in the middle. When she picked up an item four walls slid back and four powerfull orcish mages surrounded her utterly. Surrounded by four spellcaster who could toast her easily (she couldnt shoot more then one due to their placing and they had heaps of status affects that would completely render her helpless) she used her rune and vanished!Only to re-appear in the same room smack in the middle of the lava ground, still surrounded by no doubt snickering orcish mages. RIP archer. May their death be as painfull as yours was.That brings me to my last remark: Don't play this game to succeed, play this game to have fun exploring and expecting horrible death at every corner. Never get careless for death can hide EVERYWHERE!(There are however modes to give you more life so worry not if you like your mayhem more casually and forgiving)"
76561197976012551,Recommended,259680,17078864,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Z0nK,"Look at it! Isn't it ugly and repulsive?Well, this game is a prime example of looks not having to tell anything about the value of a game.Tales of Maj'Eyal (ToME) is a turn based RPG with many roguelike features. Overall, the story isn't relevant (although there is a lot of lore to read). It rather concentrates on fighting, looting, and leveling.Instead of writing an in-depth review here are the apects that I like the most about it:ClassesToME has a whole lot of classes to offer. Sure, there are the archetypes like Warrior or Archer. However, you will also find many crazy and interesting classes. Examples for this are the Paradox Mage who controls time, the Oozemancer who draws his powers from oozes and slime, and the Wyrmic who uses the powers of the dragons.No One-Trick PoniesMost skills (called ""Talents"") in the game have cooldowns. IMO this is great because it makes concentrating on one or a couple of talents an irrelevant strategy. Just the amount of talents in the game is staggering. In addition, many talents of a class allow for synergies. Also, you have to be well prepared for a number of different situations.The cooldowns make combat so much more interesting. It is always a good idea to carefully consider using which talent in which situation. Just nuked a standard enemy with your most powerful spell? Well, you won't have it available for the next 20 turns.Special EnemiesSome enemies can have the talents of one (or even multiple!) of the classes available to the player. This will put you repeatedly in extremely dangerous but also very interesting situations.LootThe game offers tons of randomly generated loot. The items can vary in their stats heavily and may change your playstyle a lot. There are also items with predefined properties (called artifacts).Hovering over an item shows a very detailed description (same with talents).I highly recommend ToME.Btw, you can even legally get the game for free. Buying it on Steam will unlock a number of donator bonuses which are honestly dispensable. Did I regret my purchase, though? Not at all! The game is well worth the asking price and I am happy that I could support the dev a bit."
,Recommended,259680,12312560,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Pelicunt,Much lope
,Recommended,259680,30673841,Posted: 22 March,all,ojriddle,♥♥♥♥ing great roguelike
,Recommended,259680,20109307,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DragonZ,"1395 achievements, gotta get em all"
76561198073265099,Recommended,259680,26681831,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SwankyPants,36 hours.In 1 week.Not made it past level 17.Wtf Taj'Mahal
76561198018427172,Recommended,259680,33492724,Posted: 12 July,all,Munin,"This is one of the titles I give as an example whenever I tell people there is a negative correlation between price and playtime of titles in my library. As an overwhelming amount of other reviewers have stated, the depth if this piece is incredible, in my opinion it is the de-facto status quo when it comes to replayability. It swiftly hits that Goldilocks zone between randomization and hand-crafting of the world that makes a roguelike fun to play, and not a random unpredictable mess. Because the Unique and Elite mobs have randomized skill sets, there will be the occasional OMGWTFBBQ moment when a character gets oneshotted by some overpowered RNG fluke, but usually one will know the exact decision that led to a characters death, and mostly it was not retreating when all teleports were on cooldown.TL;DR; buy,"
,Recommended,259680,33600833,Posted: 16 July,all,C_Lab_Cpt2021,"Amazing game. I think the fact that +1,500 people bought a free game, paying for what is essentuly a donation, is a testamit to the quality of this game. Bravo Darkgod, Bravo"
76561197998658952,Recommended,259680,28198941,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Enemyz,Best roguelike out there and its very affordable. 10/10
,Recommended,259680,14040338,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,interferenzen,"All these cutting edge games in the year of our Lord 2015 and all I want to play is this cardboard cutout graphics RPG game made by one guy. At some point as a jaded, aging videogame player, I think you come full circle and only play roguelikes or  multiplayer games with friends while inebriated.  I'd be satisifed if this is the only game I play in 2015. and 2016. 2017. whenever."
,Recommended,259680,25134827,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,UBERS,Good luck achievement hunters...
76561198045048467,Recommended,259680,27360248,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,linkknil3,It's okay.
76561198070776237,Recommended,259680,31576274,Posted: 6 May,all,chi,Easily the best rogue-like i ever played.
76561198049590591,Recommended,259680,24199506,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rough,Curiousity WILL kill the cat.  Again and again.10/10
,Recommended,259680,24291383,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,marra,Good for cheevos
76561198011386462,Recommended,259680,14587966,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Suike,My hours played speak more than me
,Recommended,259680,12669286,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Boomer simpson,Can't stop playing this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,259680,24158064,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,¡Kris,best roguelike out there..64 hours played so far and I still havent managed to win the game :D
,Recommended,259680,8596400,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DotaBoyz.god is back,"very good roguelike, has a story and lives if you're into that dumb stuff. anyway all the classes are different and actually do cool stuff i had a lot of fun playing this game, it's probably my favorite roguelike tbh. highly recommend it if you like roguelikes 3/10"
,Recommended,259680,16423180,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,✡Buttsurfer✡,"Absolutely smashing.Some short info of the game to sway you to buy it:>Roguelike with various difficulties and modi, like Nightmare Adventure, Medium Roguelike (permadeath - read: Man mode)>Fixed overworld map with fixed and random dungeon locations>Buttload of interesting items & stat modifiers>>Fixed artifacts, random artifact generation, standard stuff with 1 or more ""ego"" *fixes affecting various stats>Progression with permanent (and cloud saved) unlocks>>Unlockable skill trees (like extra schools of magic), races and classes to add diversity>>>Some classes have special resource bars and can utilize items in unique ways, diversity is huge in this game>>>Class design (in most cases) is simply amazing, where the game gives you the feeling that your chosen class is simply OP, until you die to your own incompetence and want to start over again just to make it better this time. A lot of the classes have very unique design as well, offering synergies, combinations of effects and other things I have yet to see in other roguelikes.>Amazing web services, just check out a random profile:http://te4.org/users/kalmazaton>Fixed zone bosses and possible bosses, as well as randomized mini-bosses>A lot of room for challenge and exploration in general>Dev involvement. Our sexy overlord drops by in chat frequently, so do some people helping out with the programming. Occasionally they will launch in-game events that range from extra dungeons to unique/interesting buffs.>Awesome Steam Workshop add-on integration & contentSome things that may be off-putting:>Learning curve - Even for people familiar with the genre, in the beginning you might encounter some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moments or just have to look up the wiki for some things until you know better. The community can be reached ingame through a live chat and is very helpful, though.>Permanent unlocks. Personally, I love the idea of obtaining new, unique and game altering choices and builds by completing challenges, but some people just prefer to have all the options available from the get go. A remedy later in this review.>Grind. The grind is not bad, but you can make it bad by failure. If you man-tain a beard and have balls to show for, you will stick to Permadeath (Roguelike) mode, and especially in the beginning where you are getting a feeling for everything - enemies in general, boss strategies, zone order with your preferred class etc. etc. - you will die often and may end up with the feeling that you have to redo the same few dungeons over and over again.Please, if you feel like you're stuck like this, just ask the community, or consult the wiki and look up some unlockables to keep you motivated and approach things from a different perspective.***Things to note:The game is free. Why buy it then?Simple: Donor status. Even on a sale you get credited for the full price, unlocking an extra class (Stone Wardens, super defensive, dual wielding shields) as well as an item vault where you can store a handful of items (I think it was 5 with the Steam purchase) for other characters to retrieve, to give your next level 10-15 character a push.You have to log intote4.organd tie your Tome4 account with Steam to get the boni though (unless it does this for you automagically already, no idea).For the love of what is holy to you, get the expansion Ashes of Urh'Rok. It adds so much more content, including two awesome classes, and the pack is on a sale right now anyway.Get some add-ons!I recommend these Quality of Life mods:'Purists' Breeding Pits Restoration Project - Dev got pressured to censor one area by SJWs, this undoes the censorshipNPC Forgiveness - Has NPCs forgive you after some time if you accidentally hit them with an AoEEscorts Enhanced - Makes those random escort NPCs less of a PITA; You can now ask them where their exit point is and they have a HP regen nowThen another one for pansies: Whatever this mod was called that lets you pick all the races/classes etc. even if you don't have them unlocked.GO BUY THIS, MAGGOTS"
,Recommended,259680,20256832,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,tommy c,it's a dad game but a good dad game
76561198003481674,Recommended,259680,14950177,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Gojosin,It's a good game.  Check out some of the helpful reviews on the store page for a good look so I don't just parrot what they're saying.
76561197970385470,Recommended,259680,21411793,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,krazypickle,whoever dislikes this game is an idiot
76561198010755287,Recommended,259680,27235767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nero,You will die and die and when you think you acctulay made a good character you will die an unexpected dead.Whould still die for a few more times.
76561198037829751,Recommended,259680,12563831,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,xeno611,Lots of fun rogueyness
,Recommended,259680,12740560,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Undefined,It's pretty MLG
76561198101633010,Recommended,259680,32937779,Posted: 28 June,all,Reality is Dead,its good
,Recommended,259680,16689984,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,I LIVE. I DIE. I LIVE AGAIN!
76561198020728468,Recommended,259680,26359559,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Gerard,"The lore of this game troubles me. Spoiler warning, I'm gonna discuss the lore. If you still don't know what most of this review will be about, I have some bad news for you.So TOME has a pretty lengthy backstory, somewhere around three to five pages per area and dozens of areas. It's a decent fiction novel when taken as a whole, well written at the very least. What makes me question it is the modern cultural and technological lens through which most of the factions are viewed. Virtually all races are modelled after some modern day oppressive government or terrorist organization. They're all busy to some degree with opressing or exterminating the other races, even outright destroying the world. And there's lots of stuff about aliens, weapons of mass destruction, virus outbreaks, mindcontrol gadgets.On paper it's actually kind of awesome, yet the spectre of this interesting idea never quite materializes. Being a writer myself, I'm trying to find the right lesson to learn, the right advice to take away from all this.About halfway through the game you'll meet the orcs, a sort of Al Qaida style hyperviolent desert people. They're about to start another war and conquor the world, and you foil their plans and kill them right back into obscurity. Then it turns out they were part of some other scheme and it all comes down to... something?In the expansion, the remaining orcs are spared and thrown into a ghetto. You play as an orc, break out of the ghetto, overthrow your oppressors and then confirm everyone's prejudice by being exactly as violent as everyone thinks you are. Huh. That almost went somewhere.My conclusion is that it's an issue of theme and philosophy. Combining medieval fantasy and modernity is bound to have some interesting results, but it's also bound to clash. There's no obligation to pick sides or distill a moral truth, that's the job of a political essayist, not a writer. But you have to tie it together somehow.In this regard I feel the everyman cypher protagonist is something of a missed oppertunity. Put someone unique there, an actual hero (or villain). It's incredibly stale to have the main character be unique among their species, the one hero who is different, but that's why writing isn't easy.Anyway the game is good, it's a roguelite, there's hordes of enemies, there's limited respawns, I'm sure some other review can explain it better.7/4 would project on the moon with a giant slideshow projector."
,Recommended,259680,14953464,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,lil big head,dank
,Recommended,259680,15706336,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lead Farmer,Best game I ever spent time playing while unemplyed! 10/10  :-D
76561197986276194,Recommended,259680,16969603,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,vinchenzojackal&shoon,"An incredible game, better than most games which make usage of small figures without a constant means of animations...There is a massive amount of unlockable classes, dozens, yet you begin with over a dozen classes, there are several races you begin with, with several more unlockable... new unlockable campaigns, and additional items to start with via unlocking, by acheiving various forms of success in any life allows future adventuring lives to be more unique and rewarding!There is also so much Lore hidden around the game. Either from completing quests, slaying unique entities, finding documents, or reading wall and statue inscriptions one can discover all a manner of things about the world, its inhabitants, cultures, races, monsters, relics, and more!Finally, all the unique particle effects for the spells, and all the new unique effects on the HUD, add a bit of insight to a world you would otherwise rely solely on text and figurines to understand what is going on. Things turn darker when you are influenced by an effect that decreases sight range, things blur if your stunned, dazed, and such, the screen tinges a different color based on whether you are bleeding, frozen solid, standing in fire, poison muck, or acid... this is highly useful since you'll need to resolve effects, some of which you might not realize your under the effect of without of this.Also, the game is so VERY detailed that they have different difficulties for both realism and complexity. Want unlimited lives? Explorer style is best for you. Want a limited set of chances based upon your successes and failures? Try the standard experience. Care to put your life in the hands of fate? Choose Roguelike, for a single life, with the potential for another if you discover things like becoming a Lich or Reincarnating in that specific life!This is well well built. A masterpiece of a game..."
76561198002124849,Recommended,259680,15690013,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,Best modern roguelike I've played to date.
,Recommended,259680,13229174,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,[Ainz Ooal Gown],Huge roguelike fan and this is really something special. Will be playing for a long time to come.
76561197974872538,Recommended,259680,33420079,Posted: 9 July,all,leebruk,Great game: addictive+difficult. Love it.
76561198026189166,Recommended,259680,16429299,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bonerator,"all your mates married and been forced to sell thier old  D&D stuff,need a hit of old school dungeon crawling but too lazy to leave the house?dont have the reflexes for most modern games? youll love this! (if only u could co-op!)"
,Recommended,259680,21424026,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Tranquil,great game if you hate yourself
,Recommended,259680,16359457,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,indraf,>press Z>fights hordes of monsters>press Z>fights hordes of monsters>press Z>fights hordes of monsters>press Z>fights hordes of monstersthe fight is actually very fun!
,Recommended,259680,24751372,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,m00,One of the best Rogue-likes ever.
,Recommended,259680,30452184,Posted: 11 March,all,Rykof,Excellent game that is horribly underrated if you go by just the looks of it. Huge amounts of depth and replayability.
,Recommended,259680,31056143,Posted: 10 April,all,Zesty,I absolutely love this roguelike.
,Recommended,259680,30806108,Posted: 28 March,all,Merdball,"This is a roguelike done right.  And a free-to-play done right as well.The world in which the game takes place is deep and immersive, with a rich history you'll rarely see in any game, roguelike or otherwise.  Character creation is incredibly complex... but in a good way.  Same with the implementation of the different classes' talents / skills.  The game somehow manages all this depth and complexity while still being approachable to the less hardcore roguelike fans.  The interface is fairly intuitive, and there's a solid tutorial to help players new to the genre to get a general idea how to play.There are difficulty levels, which is already pretty unusual for a roguelike, but even better than that, three different game modes.  The masochists (myself included) can have permadeath while casual players can get into the game with Exploration mode, letting them die any number of times without any harsh penalties.  There's even an Adventure setting which gives players up to 7 lives (gained when reaching certain levels) allowing in-between players a chance to experience the intense thrill that only a permadeath-style game can offer, without over-punishing a small mistake.The game is even more amazing in that it is 100% free.  You can download it for free.  You can even play with the source code if you are so inclined.  The game engine powering ToME is a separate package you can use to build your own games.  And yet it isn't supported by in-game ads (unless you count the very minimal starting-screen ads strictly for ToME DLC) or pay-to-win mechanics.  The entire game's revenue is based on players either buying DLC (which is absolutely not required to thoroughly enjoy the game) and donations (which is effectively what you're doing if you buy on steam).  Donators get access to some special content, and it's good stuff to be sure, but it's not required to have a ton of fun.I feel like I need to buy this an extra time or two just to support the amazing product and the one (ones?) responsible for it.I can't go into depth about game specifics; that would take me weeks to write.  Just trust me: it's an exceptional game with some really amazing features, and you can try it yourself for free if you aren't convinced.(The free version is probably not on Steam, so go to the game's website if you're too broke to pony up the $7 for it)"
,Recommended,259680,32190893,Posted: 4 June,all,Almundan,One of the best roguelikes out there. Tons of replayability. You can even get it for free on the dev's website if you want to try it out first.
,Recommended,259680,24821394,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SOCOM,"Bought it for the achivements, then realized that the game was actually pretty good."
,Recommended,259680,12494416,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Xardion,"One of the most in-depth roguelikes I've ever played, I couldn't recommend this more highly to any fan of roguelikes and indeed, action RPGs in general."
76561198028146732,Recommended,259680,18861904,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,yellow duck,Probably the best roguelike on steam.
76561198079433895,Recommended,259680,32980196,Posted: 29 June,all,[MNI] Tri-color Cake,Fanatastic gamethere are few games that consist of a better value.The gameplay enraptoring.
76561197963776569,Recommended,259680,33023548,Posted: 29 June,all,Sav!,"At first when I started playing , had issues with what did what. And would die like a punk, but bit by bit it grew on me. It is hard  to master , since there are tons of character class / race combinations you can try. And it is very addictive, before you know it hours will have passed while you were playing. Great game for the price doesn't hurt."
76561198008514402,Recommended,259680,31812331,Posted: 17 May,all,Quidix,"A brilliant game which offers incredible depth, variety and steep challenge on the more difficult modes.Only be sure not to give up too early the first time you play it!"
,Recommended,259680,28865532,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,📂Documents,"Great game, worth a buy."
,Recommended,259680,29239064,Posted: 13 January,all,♥💋☃MoonMoon☃💋♥,40 hours in and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface.
76561197960552178,Recommended,259680,30534776,Posted: 15 March,all,evilevilbob,ToMe is fantastic!
,Recommended,259680,30620998,Posted: 19 March,all,Count Drake-ula Dangereulești,Makes my blood boil in a special and awesome way.i recommend!
76561198049012337,Recommended,259680,26892716,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brew,Do you want to get bald in just a few years? Perfect game for you.
76561197971053601,Recommended,259680,27241348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr_Parrothead,Great classic rogue-like game.  Lots of in game customizations for characthers and diabollically difficult.
,Recommended,259680,27433646,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,- Dr. Oetker,"Incredible, really fun, a lot of story and great gameplay with mod support."
,Recommended,259680,8041866,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Yiasmat,"(09/10) - Near PerfectionI struggled guys.... i struggled.Not inside the game, but on this rating.The game is just perfect. It has such a depth that it can easily hold up against modern tripple A RPG´s.I wish some other games took some advise from thisone, heck even civilisation has less depth than this game.So, why only 9 points you ask? Well... i wish i could give 10. And i honestly would for myself, but some people may argue this:It´s the same stuff you play through all the time.And it is. The dungeons don´t change (at least their names and their bosses. The dungeons themselfes are still randomly generated) and it is always the same order of stuff you have to do.I spend nearly 300 hours in this game and never got tired of it. But still: 9 points for being the best RPG i know, thus being the best roguelike i know thus being one of the best games on steam.For this rediculous price (it´s actually free if you want to play it on it´s homepage) i have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue why anyone would not pick up this game, other than being scared by it´s graphics."
,Recommended,259680,22535157,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mr Anderson,"Great Roguelike, plenty of depth and relpayability."
76561198154547741,Recommended,259680,35097141,Posted: 20 September,all,Saturn4ce,"Nice and Basic.  Was a bit overwhelming at first with all the written text but you easily get the hang of it within the first 20 minutes.  Its a Dungeon Crawler where you just left click everywhere, find items and attack monsters.  Find the ladder and continue to the next level. Etc.  There are scrolls around for story, I can see someone playing this for a long period of time, it would be better for a phone app to pass the time imo."
,Recommended,259680,22824254,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Spaguetti,Castle of the Winds on steroids!10/10
,Recommended,259680,33969264,Posted: 2 August,all,vonbeardbaron,Dog barking simulator.
76561198079430411,Recommended,259680,33058735,Posted: 30 June,all,Syzygy,"Holy crap, i have how many hours? like 99% is me dying gloriously, i assure you."
76561197968715134,Recommended,259680,28971701,Posted: 3 January,all,Ketsa,Pretty good game. I've played a couple hours of it.  :)
76561197972217646,Recommended,259680,30097358,Posted: 22 February,all,Mister Smisker,Better than butter
76561198047893285,Not Recommended,259680,26702901,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GIBBS,"For all of the positive reviews that this game has, I expected it to be a lot more polished than it is. If you told me that this game was in Beta, I would have belived it. It's not the old-school graphics, it's the clunky User Interface. Menus cover up each other and several buttons don't work when you click them. The font is often too small to read, and some of the menus I still haven't figured out what their purpose is. Sometimes it feels like you are fighting the UI, more than the monsters of Maj'Eyal.I have yet to play a roguelike that I thought was fair, This one didn't really come close. I like the deep customization and unlockable classes and races. Where the game fails centers around it's claim of ""no grinding  required"". This is the game's downfall as you clear out an area and the monsters don't respawn. You move on to the next area only to find the monsters are too hard and kill you instantly. You are stuck and can't continue with the character becuase there are no ways to get stronger without a likely death. You have to start the game over or throw your body at monsters that are a lot stronger than your character. This is hardest on the classes that I think are really fun to play like rogues and mages. You are just not powerful enough to make it through the early areas and you can't grind to level up. The game doesn't compensate to allow classes that start off weak to be able to make it through the beginning of the game. If this was fixed, I would reccomend this game even with the clunky UI.Final Reccomendation: Download it from the website and try it for free before purchase."
76561197988061338,Recommended,259680,8036687,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,RileyWRussell,This god damn game.... I'll play like an hour and die. Then I start all over. Then I die again. And I keep on doing it because I'm an idiot. This games awesome. Oh.... I just died again.
76561198099440681,Recommended,259680,33119818,Posted: 2 July,all,Some.T,its good
76561198048108721,Recommended,259680,13497350,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"Archer, Leader of the Gorgonites",`Like skyrim with guns`- IGN
76561197979337723,Recommended,259680,12703215,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Nice Jerk,"Challenging, fun, addictive."
,Recommended,259680,8056845,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sencho,"One of my all time favorite roguelikes, which finally made its appearance on steam! The crazy amount of deep character progression, classes, items, lore and overall mechanics will make you play this game not only for hours, but for month!"
,Recommended,259680,24661950,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Grendalin,"This is an amazing RL game, a lot of different races and classes you can unlock and customize. The gameplay is great for people who are new to RL games as it allows you to choose whether to play the game with one life, unlimited, or a certain amount. I still haven't beaten the game due to me trying out all the races and classes that i've unlocked, i reccomend trying all of the classes or using the random button when making a character as that helps you learn new class/race customizations. Though there is one big downfall for this game, in the game their is a chat that lets you talk to other people playing it. If you're new to RL or need help, do not go there. People in that chat do not welcome newcomers and some moderators in that chat are very toxic too. Anyways, i'd give the game a 9/10! Hope you have fun and comment if you want to ask me questions."
76561198285570760,Recommended,259680,31420817,Posted: 28 April,all,Daxma,"Ever wanted to play as a mime sustained by a burning hatred for mankind that devours the minds of mortal creatures by flipping them the bird?How about a skeletal warrior with time puppies and a blatant disregard for paradoxes?Perhaps the congested, narcoleptic pug-yeti with a pretty looking rock and a BDSM fetish suits your fancy?Play Maj'Eyal"
76561198001257389,Recommended,259680,31872114,Posted: 20 May,all,fragging,one of the greatest single player games of all time.  still getting substantial updates years after its release.
76561198005852373,Recommended,259680,33477113,Posted: 12 July,all,Dommomo,I have a lotttt more than 40 hours in this and its predecessor. One of those ones you just keep coming back to.
76561198037748415,Recommended,259680,21853421,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mytheos,"One of the best games I have ever played.Well designed, well developed, well balanced...tons of classes and content, you owe it to yourself to give it a try.It can be quite challenging, and rewarding, any time invested in learning about the game will be well worth it."
76561198036434440,Recommended,259680,33728554,Posted: 22 July,all,Hamsliced,best game
,Recommended,259680,19364804,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,wentfullretard,10/10
76561198010762793,Recommended,259680,16931388,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BizzyBeast,"This is a good game, actually suprisingly good. Its rogue-like, with super deep RPG elements. The loot is (i think) randomly generated, seems like everything is. But it ends up making for some awesome stuff... Like im a warrior and found a necklace of strength, a trinket that makes a damage absorbing shield, ect. Also there is like 20 others things on each of those items... Its crazy. At first youre like, uhh, this is too much. Then when you understand what it means (also hold CONTROL to compare to your equipped) you are so glad for the extreme depth. I havent played a whole bunch, but I really love hoping on for a few hours and progressing through this game. Im on my 3rd character and each time you learn so much you didnt know. Also... The best part I got the game off HumbleBundle for $1. Value to entertainment is EXTREMELY high on this game."
,Recommended,259680,33151712,Posted: 2 July,all,ikon,the best roguelike i have played thus far. every playthrough offers more than your last. from mastering the class you just died on to starting a new class. i can forsee many hours lost to tome.
,Recommended,259680,8535572,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,"TOME (aka Tales of Maj'Eyal aka Tales of Middle Earth aka PernAngband) is ye olde roguelike that moved out of its' parents' basement and into it's own two-bedroom in the 'burbs. It has graphics. It has an intuitive interface. It has friendly people in an integrated chat system (which, I'll admit, surprised me the most.) I've been playing Pern since it was released all those years ago on Thangorodrim and I'll keep playing this, the best incarnation of all the Angband clones and, to my knowledge, the only one of them to move out of their parents' basement.Congratulations Dark God. You made it, buddy."
,Recommended,259680,12650985,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Claytone,"I tell you what, this is a good game."
76561198204872004,Recommended,259680,14507025,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Two Moons,"The gameplay is quite addicting. I'm usually the type of person who can't play games with such outdated graphics, but this game is holding my interest. It's difficult and makes you think. Choose your next move wisely..."
76561197968625017,Recommended,259680,9173804,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,captain46,My current King of Roguelikes
,Recommended,259680,8075039,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ChinaMan,"The difficulty should be fixed a bit for balanced.  gets super harder around lvl 10, but im still a nub so its gunna take some time.  I like this dungeon exploraction, worth the value.   Variety of Classes tooo."
,Recommended,259680,30109625,Posted: 22 February,all,Blank_Space___,This game is great. 10/10
,Recommended,259680,16538976,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,zemdu,10/10
76561198070546618,Recommended,259680,20975316,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PurpleWizurd,"♥♥♥♥♥game, tons of bugs, just kidding this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off"
,Recommended,259680,17490611,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,aLOW,"oh my god i cant describe how revolutionary this game is. i believe the vast amount of roleplay servers has allowed me to become a greater person in real life. it's hard to consider real life real any more because im in a roleplay world more than the outside world. the community is just simply the most friendly ive ever experienced, far more than second life or runescape (classic of course). the only problem with my gaming sessions in garrys mod is that my gay parents eventually pull me out of the world and make me do boring chores in the outside world"
,Recommended,259680,13705476,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sebastianaction,Massive depth and replay value. The only real roguelike game on steam.
76561198037877358,Recommended,259680,29951128,Posted: 15 February,all,LuckyOwl,I have at least five times the reported time in this game. Incredible.
76561197999783318,Recommended,259680,8565993,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Niknud,This game is amazing.  I have been playing roguelikes for a long time now and this is one of the best.  For those not wanting to experience the true roguelike perma death there is a adventure mode that is much more forgiving.  The way you unlock classes and races keeps the game new and exciting.
,Recommended,259680,17313584,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,NosferZodd,"its okEDIT------------------after spending another hundred hours playing this game i have deduced that it is still ""ok"""
76561197988986434,Recommended,259680,19760101,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MoonGoat,"One of my most played games. I tried it for free at their homepage at first, then bought it here.I recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of rogue-like indie games.More games should have an auto explore button!"
,Recommended,259680,19311902,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,satchrd has a K,Great game with a few funny derps in logic for example a character can kill 10-15 level 35 enemies when they are level 20 but die to 5 level 25 enemies at level 21
,Recommended,259680,12222085,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Beardbeard the Unconquered Gamer,"The best game I have ever played in twenty years of computer gaming, bar none (and I have played a LOT of games). Eight years on I can still recall how profoundly that game gripped me, and I am not an overly emotional person. You will care about the characters, you will be moved, you will make choices that tell you more about yourself. It sounds trite, I know, but it really is that good. If only someone would make more of these...insightful, intelligent, devastatingly creative. Fallout is the only RPG to come close. A word of warning: You MUST read all the text, explore all the dialogue options, if you are to gain the most from the game. A decent intelligence and wisdom score is recommended.....although so is a decent score in everything else....the game does the best job of making usually superflous statistics genuinely useful that I have ever seen. Still very much worth playing."
,Recommended,259680,27694212,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mild acidity,10/10 Vorpal Bunny
76561198000571302,Recommended,259680,24817316,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Necro4,Make all the classes!
,Recommended,259680,31736518,Posted: 13 May,all,Ghost Paradigm,Amazing
76561197992487722,Recommended,259680,31801355,Posted: 17 May,all,Mr Pants,"Too addicting. I mean, its fun and all, but you will lose control of your life. It took me 100 hours to bring 3 characters to the final boss (with a number of dead chars on the way) and beat the game on normal and nightmare. Had to uninstall the game at one point to get some stuff done. If you do play, pick archer, read guides (check patch versions) and browse the character vault on the official page for builds. Try to unlock temporal warden with the archer, TWs are super fun."
,Recommended,259680,31851906,Posted: 19 May,all,Shugotenshi Eckx,"174 hours played,(admittedly alot of that is while im doing other things.) but still probably 100 hours or so of game play, and I still have not unlocked all the classes seen all the places or died in every zone(yet!), but its still fun to try and work out a new build or check out a new dungeon. The DLC is solid, large aditions to map, new races classes(and all the abilities tied to them) and a new story.  ToME is rediculously easy to get into, but has lots of substance from its spells and abilities.  It will scratch your ""just one more turn itch"".9/10 imho"
76561198052267901,Recommended,259680,31815873,Posted: 17 May,all,[SC]Kane,This game is brutal. I always feel sad when my character dies and my character always dies.
,Recommended,259680,33590771,Posted: 16 July,all,Prinny.Laharl,"Absolutely fantastic roguelike, you can try it before you buy it by going to their official website but really it's just good enough to skip that and hand them all your money."
,Recommended,259680,29309180,Posted: 16 January,all,marioftwlol,GREAT GAME
76561198208846032,Recommended,259680,29352993,Posted: 19 January,all,chnvne3,Endless achievement
,Recommended,259680,30535267,Posted: 15 March,all,verbatim (HD),"If you like roguelikes, you need to play this.  Awesome!"
,Recommended,259680,30661815,Posted: 21 March,all,paulaocdm,Very interesting and fun after you manage the first steps.
,Recommended,259680,30664608,Posted: 22 March,all,Meowasaurus,"Great game, it's an achievement to survive the tutorial."
76561198093230223,Recommended,259680,26220757,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,wilfredo615,Great game! Reccomend to any roguelike fans.
,Recommended,259680,26321291,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ CAW CAW ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚,Tales of Maj'Eyal might be the single greatest and least known rogue RPG ever. This game offers *thousands* of hours of replayability. Absolutely fantastic game.
76561198122047178,Recommended,259680,27297476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Orellabac,I'm still a novice!
,Recommended,259680,27524775,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,selkcip12343,Super deep and super neat
,Recommended,259680,27304252,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sZXZ,I spend hours playing this game before it was on steam. Amazing game. A bit depressing at times but very interesting.
,Recommended,259680,27286754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Furlisht,"Nearly 100 hours in, and still could not finish the game in easy mode!! The game is as hard as it gets, is incredibly deep, wether about it's lore or it's gameplay mechanics!But it's incredibly hard!"
,Recommended,259680,27272755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,THE EVIL CHICKEN,10/10 Would Die after 5 hour again
,Recommended,259680,27306905,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Technomunk,If you ever feel like playing a game that is unfairly difficult and yet you want more ToME is the game for you.Or at least play until you get blinded for the first time
76561197962575880,Recommended,259680,27511489,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pathos,"Best Roguelike game I've played. Easy to pick up, hard to master. Loving it!"
,Recommended,259680,27518634,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stijnhero,Love it
,Recommended,259680,27589276,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Q',"Honestly, this is the best roguelike RPG I've ever played, and even nearly 80 hours in, I've barely scratched the surface"
76561198303368002,Recommended,259680,27568449,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KiwiBacon,Classic
76561198058671435,Recommended,259680,28280468,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Norteroth,LOVE this game! It's deeper than the ocean and larger than the sky.
,Recommended,259680,28686662,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheLegend27,A fun and well-modernized classic game. This game got me into the whole roguelike genre. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,259680,28707157,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tuecer,"This is such a neat game. I'm absolutely terrible at it so far, but it evokes a lot of really fond memories for similar, though decidedly less complex games like Castle of the Winds.Anyone who enjoys dungeon crawls should play this."
,Recommended,259680,12781854,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,シェーン,"I finally beat nightmare roguelike, now I feel like Saitama.⠀⠀                                       ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢬⠭⠥⢴⣶⣛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣶⣶⣖⣒⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠽⠴⠴⠴⠿⣿⣭⠿⠶⢾⣿⣿⣭⢝⠿⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣉⢩⣑⣶⢿⢿⣛⠻⣚⣵⣿⢹⣟⠷⣛⣾⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣦⢶⠿⠿⠭⢭⢭⣭⣿⣿⣿⣿⡌⣿⣿⣿⣿⢒⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢱⣸⣱⣷⣚⣒⣲⣒⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡂⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⠹⢺⣒⣒⣚⣺⣿⣿⣿⣯⣭⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠪⢬⠷⢶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢁⠔⠲⣿⣽⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡄⣔⣔⣶⣾⣶⣶⣿⢴⣤⢤⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⣶⠌⢶⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣴⠙⣿⠙⠙⢺⣿⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣔⣛⣛⣛⠉⢀⠐⢹⢺⣶⣭⣭⢛⢏⣉⣾⣿⠌⠻⣤⣄⣴⢛⣭⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣒⣒⣒⣉⣛⣒⣥⣶⣲⣤⣛⠛⢌⣶⣯⢫⣵⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⢙⣻⣶⣶⣶⣿⠙⣺⣛⣻⣿⣿⣿⢬⡉⠉⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢜⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⢒⢒⢺⠲⢺⣿⣿⡸⠴⠼⠿⣿⣿⣿⢼⡇⡔⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⣿⣿⣿⠀"
76561198001969573,Recommended,259680,26107166,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SF8 PACCBET,Одна из лучших игр что я играл за 20 лет безпробудного геймерства.
76561198016424641,Recommended,259680,26134202,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Deo,+++
,Recommended,259680,23775224,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ascendancy,"Worth the purchase if you're into rpg's, loot, and a whole lot of fantasy !"
76561198058420171,Recommended,259680,22788585,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,shadow_of_apollo,It's a classic D&D sort of game.  If you're in to turn based rouges with a lot or reading you'll probably like it
,Recommended,259680,8061483,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Falcon,"This is absolutely one of my favorite games of all time. Message me if you want to know more, but basically it's one of the best RPG / roguelike experiences you can get today."
,Recommended,259680,12890719,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Spoderman,"First review I've felt compelled to write. Very in depth game, very entertaining to fans of the genre and often very unforgiving if you try to run before you can walk.Highly recommended."
76561198076132181,Recommended,259680,20688955,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,OldBaloo45,"This game has all the character customization of D&D, the great 'talent on cooldown' mechanic like League of Legends, an open world like IRL, and well, the graphics at least have animations for all the actions that need it. Oh, you want easy-to-use User Interface with intuitive controls? Whoever made this game is probably a genius, but maybe not, but that's okay.Kyle20X5 certified seal of approval"
,Recommended,259680,13097927,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Nezzly,"get it, just get it"
,Recommended,259680,13485299,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sweaty Gopher,I'm not one for dungeon crawlers especially roguelike but this game has  a certain charm - and it's really fun!  I don't know why.  I really can't comment further.  lol
76561198071157690,Recommended,259680,29217467,Posted: 12 January,all,Nate_9780,This is exactly the kind of roguelike i was looking for; very simple controls and very streamlined while also having robust character/class development and deep gameplay mechanics. try for free first from the developer's website!
76561197961712091,Recommended,259680,25786027,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,HeineBOB,"Incredible deep combat system, but still starts off with great introduction and only slowly unlocks some of the more advanced stuff for later."
76561198042603695,Recommended,259680,14185941,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Edge of Orbos,There are many different race and class combinations giving this game very good replay value. Many unlocks that will feel rewarding when you complete them.Its a great game if you like 2d top down mechanics.
,Not Recommended,259680,18351543,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,rotten corpse,Forced meta-gaming is completely out of control and the final bosses are some of the laziest s'hit I've ever seen. A waste of time.
76561198128367563,Recommended,259680,26481519,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,kingtumbleweed,"Terrible game if have hopes and dreams, or a 5 year plan."
,Recommended,259680,8098141,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,postmanmanman,"A great roguelike. It's easily the most accessible ""classic"" roguelike, with features like no hunger system, Diablo-esque prefix/suffix focused loot, auto-loot-selling, persistent unlockables, etc. It's free on the official ToME website but considering how big the game is, the developer certainly deserves a few bucks."
76561197991220635,Recommended,259680,22695572,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,JPope,fun fantasy turn based rpg
76561198108766201,Recommended,259680,22712483,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Lemner,"Though a bit complex/hard at first, I found that it still stands out as a great RPG."
,Recommended,259680,30481549,Posted: 12 March,all,thegift777,Great Game
76561198028151484,Recommended,259680,8071903,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,JocaSan,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is for those of us who cannot say no to a challenge. The combat mechanics is very intricate and there are thousands of combinations. There are many classes and races to choose from. Each class is sculpted in such a way that no one class will feel the same as the other. There's also an amazing and rich lore behind the game that you find as you explore its many dungeons.If you are into roguelikes or just want a challenge, then this is definitely one game you won't want to miss!"
76561198309713444,Recommended,259680,35060310,Posted: 19 September,all,Mr perch man,"Just play it, RPGers wet dream."
,Recommended,259680,25233690,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,boat,epic roguelike gameplay of pressing the numpad + picking up and equipping armor and weaponry. good if youjre an autistic virgin♥♥♥♥♥ which i am
76561198039121923,Recommended,259680,25828691,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Seath the Scaleless,"Probably the best intro to harcore rougelikes, because it has something so many others don't; graphics"
,Recommended,259680,33171843,Posted: 3 July,all,Patashu,A really cool and extremely deep roguelike :D(Just adding a quick review to boost the game on Steam :) )
76561198042163473,Recommended,259680,30433267,Posted: 10 March,all,Lord Calcifer,This game is so enjoyable to play.
76561198012963741,Recommended,259680,33256145,Posted: 4 July,all,wenslydail,"I will now review as much of the game as I have experienced so far:I start the game, the menu is well designed and easy to navigate and pleasant.  The music is good to boot!Then I press the ""New Game"" button and prepare myself to create my very first character.  Sitting at the edge of my seat my imagination goes wild with the vast array of possibilities.Then the best part, the screen goes black and fidgets and the game pops up with a ""an error has occured"" page and asks if I would like to report it.  Being of sound mind and body, I decide to report it.  The game then restarts and I am free to roam the menus free from errors once again.In closing I will say that this game is a wonderful addition to the burgeoning Menu Simulator genre.  A genre that I truly hope continues to grow as game developers show love and attention in creating games that function properly.Note: I will expand this review if and when I get the game to run as advertised.  Furthermore,  I will change this to review to recommend the game if one of two things happens.1. If the game developer changes the genre to ""Fantasy Menu Simulator"" and advertises it as such. OR2. If a patch comes out, making it so that as a consumer I do not need to immediately fix the ""finished"" product I have purchased and the game is indeed as fun as it looks.As it sits, based on my experience I cannot recommend this game even if it were free.  Due to the fact that from my current expercience and perspective I would be telling people to install a game that cannot make it past the menu.Edit: Thanks to a very helpful fan of the game I have found out that the game is indeed free and you may find it athttps://te4.orgHowever, this does not change my opinion.  I cannot recommend spending time trying to get a game to run that has been out since 2012, and has been actively updated and patched since that time (again huge props to the dev for that) but still is difficult to get running on a mid-level gaming PC.  I understand some long standing fans will disagree with me, and that is fine, this is a free country after all.Final Edit: Clearly the fans of this game are dedicated.  So, if this game can inspire the kind of loyalty I witnessed since writing one long-winded negative review than it must be a good game, because the mob is never wrong. Thank you. Specifically to those who commented on my review for giving me a good chuckle, that has made my time with this game worth while."
76561198026912876,Recommended,259680,12485578,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ripfin,WowBreathtakingWell madeSmooth interfaceHardRoguelikeI love it
,Recommended,259680,11905819,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Bandit King,"One of the Better games of this type on Steam. It's not pretty but you can get other tilesets for it and the Steam Workshop is full of good mod's to tweak the gameplay. Speaking of the gameplay,It's deep! the amount of race's,class,skills,item's etc. (some are un-locked after playing game) are just huge, It has a story!  You can get it for free on website but the small price you pay on Steam is worth the items you get and your putting some loot in DarkGod's hands. Over all I'm happy that I picked this up, I't has more replay to it than AAA games like Skyrim.9/10 Good Game at a Crazy low Price."
76561198106516206,Recommended,259680,23480505,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Teemoo,bloody 1600+ achievements..
,Recommended,259680,24038618,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,绅士灬抖S,"I like this game, this game is very interesting and very interesting. But the new DLC prices are not friendly to the old players, hoping a new way to pack."
76561198044006471,Recommended,259680,21541724,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561198078201885,Recommended,259680,30827385,Posted: 29 March,all,avml45,"This was honestly the best purchase I've made on Steam. $16 for literally hundreds of hours of content in an incredibly deep, difficult, and entertaining game."
76561198035354095,Recommended,259680,33546672,Posted: 14 July,all,Whiteowl74,"One of the classics, a genre defining roguelike with a veritable tonne of content.  You will never tire of this game."
,Recommended,259680,29039865,Posted: 5 January,all,Genericfile,Good
,Recommended,259680,26122361,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rastommy77,One of my favourite games of all time.
,Recommended,259680,28155761,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,1960s toaster,very nice D&D style rpg with a good choice of graphics that virtually eliminates loading screens.
76561197978921095,Recommended,259680,25892099,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ol' Baphamut,A must have for fans of the Roguelike. Easy to learn and hard to master. So many character builds!
,Recommended,259680,31938639,Posted: 24 May,all,Yrcrazypa,It's pretty good.
76561197972872616,Recommended,259680,30597618,Posted: 18 March,all,Berserk,"use your imagination, ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,259680,17932032,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Valdrik,.
,Recommended,259680,32148839,Posted: 3 June,all,Ceiis,The world needs more games like this.
,Recommended,259680,20474726,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Potisium,One of the beat games I've played
,Recommended,259680,22789922,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,gatherer818,This is the roguelike I've been looking for ever since I played Nethack for the first time...
76561198013271363,Recommended,259680,24293329,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Slatumopznbek,"Reccomend it, but it fails on windows 10."
76561198087208078,Recommended,259680,31171096,Posted: 15 April,all,GizMunkie,just started delving into this and already yes
76561198064534513,Recommended,259680,24489503,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,1Zaners,Great game so much content
76561197969764561,Recommended,259680,12300846,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Myth ︻デ═一,"Buy it, nerds."
,Recommended,259680,14955110,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Rammur,Its only just over a buck right now buy the crap out of this game support the dude.
,Recommended,259680,30852181,Posted: 31 March,all,Undefeated Legend of Destruction,I like it
,Recommended,259680,23491216,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HAIL YOUR NEW GOD CTHULHU,I love eggs
,Recommended,259680,29069146,Posted: 6 January,all,Dr. Eggnog,Skeleton Wizard > Everything Elsefleshbags go home
,Recommended,259680,12725562,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Prisoner 24601,is rly good
76561197989755432,Recommended,259680,31365360,Posted: 25 April,all,Heydeeohred,"Since I started playing this game I have -1. Been divorced by my wife for neglect and she is now screwing a 23 year old Millionaire software developer in Maui.2. Lost both children due to neglect, one is in jail for driving his 2003 Jeep Cherokee through the entrance of a Bank of America in Dallas Texas while high on methamphetamines, the other starved to death under my watch.3. My dog starved to death, his food bowl lay empty and untended for weeks while her whines and barks begging me for mercy were but a distant echo coming from the skies in the land of Maj'Eyal4. Lost 87 lbs. and fallen unconscious twice due to dehydration.5. Lost my job because I didn't show up to work for 3 weeks and didn't phone.6. Lost my house due to non-payment of mortgage.7. Moved into my 76 year old mothers basement and drank all the alcohol in her house. She is currently asking me when I'm going to shower and find a job.However, I've come pretty close to beating it on Insane/Adventure, so it was all worthwhile."
,Recommended,259680,14948909,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Premium,"Yeah, you want it."
76561198049369341,Recommended,259680,31718599,Posted: 13 May,all,mortonj02,This comment is posted under duress nd is only being illicited due to stems BS new policy chnge tht forces me to type something. Here's some for you stem. Suck it.
76561197971812070,Recommended,259680,8578139,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,numsei,veri gud
76561198141418778,Recommended,259680,30261559,Posted: 1 March,all,nimthosg,-
76561197982058541,Recommended,259680,12816649,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Twitchtv pony,REAL GOOD GOD I LOVE IT
,Recommended,259680,26308871,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Witowote,Why tf is there anime on the community page?
76561198061613632,Recommended,259680,25672182,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Papa John,"One of the most addicting and deap games I have ever played. Didn't read any of the lore, but I'm sure its good."
,Not Recommended,259680,24491098,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Deckard_,"Linux version:The game crashes to desktop when 'new game' is selected.  Support pages are no help.  Have been patiently waiting for the better part of a year for a patch to fix this issue.  Other's have the same issue.Have tried on two pc's, one running Mint, the other running Ubuntu.  Same result.Mac version:Works on mac but crashes randomly, very frustrating.Conclusion:I have to give this game a thumbs down review, I will reconsider if they fix the issue."
,Not Recommended,259680,15417222,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,hauser,"it fails both as a roguelike and (at least I think thats what the developers were trying to do) a ""mainstream"" roguelikethe user interface is obnoxious at best with a font that hurts my eyes. it really could have been simplified without all the fancy crap sprinkled around for no good reason. whats wrong with helvetica, if you are to not go with the IBM font?not to mention the format they chose to stick with is merely another failure added to the pile of roguelikes that adopted the semi-linear progression. it simply doesnt work and looks dumb, thats why procedural generation has been the hallmark of roguelikes since the first game - basically forever. even dungeons of dredmor is better.while I have never been fully able to rationalize ""fairness"" in roguelikes I have a hunch that this game has garbage difficulty progression. it seems to be mostly set in stone and no amount of new levels seem to change the proportions of enemies that will simply steamroll certain builds. while other roguelikes are significantly harder, sometimes you will just encounter a playthrough that provides you with a fair footing against new adversaries. this further undermines maj'eyal's replayability and its f!cking boring.theres heaps of more interesting roguelikes to be found on roguebasinalthough I do have to say that the in-game chat is a very nice touch."
,Not Recommended,259680,28520339,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Afrika Bambooty,"It's bad. Don't buy, dl it from site for free."
76561198031610276,Not Recommended,259680,20908538,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,HellFalcon,"Avoid at all costs.Completely imbalanced game which has a feeling of well-thought due to insane amount of skills.But in reality it's not even near ""well-thought"" tag.Basically, you are forced to play a few overpowered options if you want to win in roguelike mode without cheating and as a result there are not too much variety in gameplay.Roguelike mode is implemented in a worst possible way as well and is completely luck based.You can get a few ""Blood of Life"" potions during gameplay which makes possible to revive your character after death in roguelike. Or you can get zero such potions and die in ""death roll"" situation you cannot avoid no matter how good you play and manage death risks.Because no matter what you'll do, you can be instantly killed by a enemy you didn't even see in a dungeon which was ""easy walk"" before you ordered you character to move and ""death message"" appeared."
,Recommended,259680,8024814,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,danly,Just one. More. Turn.
,Not Recommended,259680,29011964,Posted: 4 January,all,*Yuki*,"RNG, terrible UI, no way to get rid of connection to their servers(yes, its singleplayer game).Game isnt that bad, but, with listed problems - not that good either. Sadly, steam has no neutral reviews, so - thats it"
,Not Recommended,259680,24920646,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,KrudlerTheHorse,"I gave it a shot, I really gave it a shot.  I figured that a game with such a high rating must have something going for it that I wasn't seeing and that I needed to keep giving it ""just a bit more time"".I think I got about 3-4 hours in before I realized that no amount of ""more time"" would ever reveal to me what others are seeing in this game.For me I found it boring, frustrating and mostly luck-based. I really never felt challenged as a player or felt that I was required to truly evaluate what my next move was going to be.  It seemed to be: Either face-roll whatever was in front of me OR kite enemies to a choke-point and then do the obvious attack/skill/whatever.  Continue until you die from circumstances beyond your control.It presents as a deep strategy game but I can honestly say I felt no strategy beyond absolute basics was ever required for the time I played.There appears to be a lot of customization in the characters/classes/skills/etc but when it all comes out in terms of gameplay it felt quite shallow.  How can a game feel so shallow when there is so much apparent ""depth"" to the character customization?  I have no idea, but this game found the formula IMO.My other big complaint is the UI (user interface) which I found using to be a greater challenge than playing the actual game.Why won't my character move every 2nd click?  How do I close this window?  Why does this window close when I click OFF it, and this other window requires me to click ON it to close?  Why is there rollover text that needs scrolling, yet when I move the mouse over to scroll it different rollover replaces it before I get there?  Thank goodness I quit drinking because I would have gone rage city while I was still living in the bottle.The UI- and I want to make it clear I am not talking about the graphics which are a different story - is very bad, very difficult to use, and feels dashed together haphazardly with little regard to how users need and expect information to be presented.  I praise the dev for ATTEMPTING to include font/UI scaling options which more games need. However, adjusting any of the setting made the visual presentation quite atrocious and broke the UI in non-trivial ways.  Resolution settings turned out to be a joke too... anything other than full-screen native resolution made the layout of the UI go berserk.I don't care that much about graphics, I don't care that much for story, I don't care too much about deep customization.  What I care about is good gameplay, solid craftsmanship, and clean & intuitive interface - I did not find any of those here."
76561197990785685,Recommended,259680,34265897,Posted: 15 August,all,MattSch21,"I'm not sure about all the acclaim. The UI is awful. It has the worst remapping I've ever encountered. It stuggles to maintain 60 fps on a 4.0 ghz quad core cpu + gtx 980ti... so worst optimization on steam. This is also a game that is essentailly impossible to play without looking up guides on the internet. This is where A LOT of the difficulty comes from. This is the first rogue-like I've played(though I've played many rogue-lites) and it is essentially a turn based arpg. Rogue likes may have come first, but no one cares because no one plays them. Rogue like fans should take their heads out of their asses and describe their games in a way that everyone else would understand, TURN BASED ARPG. It's that simple. Also the acclaim for the writing is way overblown. Every mainsteam RPG I've ever played has higher quality writing. You also can't talk to most npc's which is weird. Despite the rogue like communinty being the most insufferable in all of gaming, TOME is fun, and if a turn based arpg sounds fun you should try it out. Just be aware that the UI is bad and the game explains abilities and items poorly, so a wiki/guide should be open and handy."
76561198008749389,Recommended,259680,12740634,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[GRVTS]Fat Bastard,10/10 More people need to play this game it's  a gem. Just now I was playing for 6 hours straight trying to get a Yeek Doombringer off the ground...MAGES they murdered me nerf them damn you. Anyways if you're going to think about this game consider this fact wikki needs an avenger and the game is SO much better than all the games released these days. I won't make a lengthy review I just wanted to share my love for this game with everyone and if it convinces anyone to buy it fantastic. Don't hiss at the game for it's graphics it will grow on you friends.
,Not Recommended,259680,23432121,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,privatejoh,"I am pretty sure this game is a very good rogue-like game. And I sure know there is a lot of content. Tons of customization in your character and probably many quests (have not been able to get that far myself). A great bang for the buck no doubt about it.BUT, where is its soul? Where is the drive to continue playing? I sure miss it. It seems to be a very good exploration game, but combat is, at its best, dull as hell. Either you steam roll over your enemies, or they destroy you. There is no in between, no tactics involved. Basically, a left click fest.What are the effects during combat? Why can't I move sometimes? Why is it so difficult to understand what is going on (meaning what effects are affecting your character and why)?I am sure it is a good game, but I can't recommend it.In any case, I sure will give it another try just to see whether I missed something obvious."
76561198027183210,Not Recommended,259680,24124101,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,PooFlinger,"The game has an overall great retro appeal, and the roguelike progression is well crafted, allowing players to choose the level of deadliness in the game.Unfortunately, it is really buggy. The game often crashes for no reason, and the occurrence of crashes is so often it makes the game nigh unplayable at times.If they fix this issue, I would love to change my review."
76561198235811118,Not Recommended,259680,31478139,Posted: 30 April,all,privateer62,"Well that bites...won the game and it crashed and now the game won't launch...just get a never ending ""Tales of Maj'Eyal is preparing to launch..."""
76561198044090675,Not Recommended,259680,20605978,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,AudioElf,"I really want to like this game, I do. I was a fan of the old ADOM game and this is a port of a similar game, but the problem is that it suffers from number-crunch-itus, old UI and selection tools, and general design philosphies that hold over from the days when coding desicion-making logic took precidence above usability. The port did not fix these issue. I find myself resenting this game, as it seems to punish the user for variables that are outside of the user's control. This punishment hangs over your shoulder in every dungeon around every corner your turn, like an abusive friendship that you hope you can improve with time, but never have the tools to adress."
,Not Recommended,259680,16868380,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ViciousRaptor,"I'm quite fond of Roguelikes but I stopped playing and never picked it up, it just felt too convoluted. It is obviously a very elaborate game but that's perhaps the problem: my momma told me to be a simple kind of man.I couldn't quite get over the graphics either. I've played the original Rogue and I enjoyed that (greatly) but this game is just plain ugly for its time.Wasn't too impressed by the story telling either. Found the characters to be very anachronistic in their writing and personality.But don't believe what I say! Check out all the positive reviews, obviously there is something here that I'm not seeing."
,Not Recommended,259680,21701502,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kona Milano,License Surprise - license terms are hidden on the store page and in the installer - you don't see the license terms until you've already installed the game.
,Not Recommended,259680,28809514,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OffWhiteTiger,"So, I've edited my orginal post. Rather than discuss the merits of this game, I'd like to speak on the community. Well as you can see by the responses to my original post the gaming community for this title is pretty negative and unhelpful. I give this game a shrug for eh, but its community is very hostile and unwelcoming. Thumbs down twice now!"
76561198223281060,Not Recommended,259680,29474262,Posted: 24 January,all,kpsychas,Too many options to configure attack and still I couldn't setup attack with left click. A tutorial would also be helpful.
76561197992856964,Not Recommended,259680,18537220,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[FOR]mica,"The UI / gameplay aren't as crisp and polished as I've come to expect in a roguelike -- an example, changing the ""resolution"" changes window size and nothing else, including the size of menus larger than your chosen resolution.  I think that once I pierce the learning curve there will be a good turnbased strategy game in here, but with nethack's semirandom difficulty curve, and having to unlock character types.This game has the potential to become a lot of things, but it feels like early access to me.If you thought dungeons of dredmore was too mainstream, polished, and silly, you could give this a go?  It seems to have a very active community and mod team."
,Not Recommended,259680,22659311,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LAZIC,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. Play Daggerfall instead.
,Not Recommended,259680,18265212,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Fusha,Just couldn't get into it.I guess I'm too spoiled by the simplicity and straightforwardness of Dungeon Crawl.
,Not Recommended,259680,19389779,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pirate34,It's probably a good Rogue-like but I couldn't stand the UI.
,Not Recommended,259680,23041021,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Orma,doesn't run on win10
76561197997194211,Not Recommended,259680,15602624,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Alex,"Graphics are pretty rubbish, and there's next to no real tutorial.Means the game's harder getting into than it should be.That said. .....-if- it triggers your nostalgia, this Moria-like game can probably offer countless hours worth of good entertainmentIt does boil down to personal taste, and for me? This just isn't enjoyable.I know there are lots of people who enjoy this, yet it's not for everyone.I cannot recommend something I do not enjoy playing"
76561198033287437,Not Recommended,259680,32715126,Posted: 24 June,all,Shailo,"Graphics from 1995 and sprite combat. Better than Nethack with ASCII characters but it has the same sort of feel. I'm sure its has lots of depth but we've gotten beyond this sort of interface.Sure, sure, its the gameplay that counts, but why fight with a clunky and minimalist interface when there are so many better ways to do thing that makes combat and exploration more engaging?Jump on this all you like, but with lots of better competition out there this game will remain niche, and that is a major reason why.Edited to fix typo."
76561197984290717,Not Recommended,259680,20228642,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Carl Sagan Tho,Changing resolution is super broken on OS X.
,Not Recommended,259680,20508223,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ghastly gallinago,34 hours i couldve used for picking lint out of my bellybutton and smashing my shins with a claw hammer
76561198009937158,Not Recommended,259680,21420834,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Nice Man,"Me buying your damn game, doesn't make me a ♥♥♥♥ing minion"
76561197995453848,Not Recommended,259680,34136923,Posted: 9 August,all,th4t1guy,Just play Angband instead.
,Not Recommended,259680,18489187,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,akkira,Too frustrating to be fun.
76561197960771531,Not Recommended,259680,23155401,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lano,"Looks ok, is super bad."
76561198048696491,Not Recommended,259680,20906451,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Paraquatz [Mac],"boo! it failed to start for the very first time producing JUST ONE SKINNY BLACK SCREEN, no matter its ugly look you still need to be prepared to random crashes as well! go refund now!"
,Not Recommended,259680,18969794,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Orlendis,Feels like a really really bad version of Runescape.1.) Spent 20 minutes assigning skill points and reading stats.2.) Start game.3.) Died 4 times in 5 minutes.4.) Ragequit5.) idle
,Not Recommended,259680,15937836,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Kobe Bryant Beef Injection,"I'm sure this is a great game but I felt like I was playing Runescape on Windows 95. If you don't like the look from the screenshots, don't buy it, it's the entire game. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,259680,21450701,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,NickBoii,"I really wanted to like this game but, there is almost no female and minorities represnetation! Only straight white men!!!!!! PLEASE DEVELOPPER PUT MORE WOMEN AND MINORITIES IN THE GAME AND I'LL GIVE A GOOD REVIEW, IT'S 2016 AND FEMINISM IS COMPLETELY SHUNNED! THIS IS NOT PROGRESSIVE SO THIS GAME IS A NONO."
76561198005357441,Not Recommended,259680,9759434,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SinRopa,"I wish this was a lot better than it is.Turns out I hate the entire idea of a roguelike game. I tried to look beyond that and give it a shot. Still not for me.I got into this game only because its the top achievement game on steam and I liked the idea of supporting a one man dev team (because this game is actually free elsewhere). Vast majority of the achievements have never been earned and are basically impossible or luck based.Its free for a reason. About the moment I got camped by level 20 mobs in a level 1 zone and couldnt progress I realized the dev has no idea what they are doing. Even as a ""hard"" game thats just stupid. Literally couldnt get out of the starting zone because of 6-10 mobs chasing me. I'm supposed to do this with one life? Even on infinite play I hated every minute of it.There is no skill in being stomped at level 1, Im all for challenging boss fights and such. I never made it that far lol."
76561198009506875,Not Recommended,259680,16485348,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Roscoetoo,Got it to work only in windowed mode.  Still can't give it a thumbs up just yet....
,Not Recommended,259680,17174934,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,pepincity,"ugly, barely functionning and unappealing. The only interesting thing in this game are the interesting names and nothing else"
76561198221615376,Not Recommended,259680,31865385,Posted: 20 May,all,leschinger,"This game is stupid. Looks like fun, but when you pay for it, download the game and make a character you have to go through the tutorial. The tutorial doesnt end when you finish it, so you cant actually play the game."
,Not Recommended,259680,30436660,Posted: 10 March,all,marjaal,Just didn't like it
,Not Recommended,259680,10576103,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Overswarm,"You could spend time playing this game, but ultimately unless you're looking for a rogue-like and have run out of games to play this isn't going to do anything for you. The games controls aren't intuitive, the available options for upgrading give you no reasonable way to determine a proper path without spending an hour reading, the graphics are poorly done, and the game itself is fairly boring.Playing as a bulwark and starting off with an ability that just refilled my health continuously to the point where I could be surrounded by monsters on the hardest difficulty setting available wasn't a good sign, even in the beginning. This game may have a lot of depth to it, but it is hidden under a lot of layers of mud."
76561198003159276,Not Recommended,259680,17363759,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,paulolsen175,"Looked like a turd, smelt like a turd... Read good reviews, bought it. Now i want to kill myself"
,Not Recommended,259680,13717517,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Princess Ronald Reagan 💟,"It's like DCSS.. but with nicer graphics, and story lines."
,Not Recommended,259680,15509665,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Pho 101,1386 achivements barely can get one
,Not Recommended,259680,15545532,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,_________,JUST
76561198025051194,Not Recommended,259680,13705528,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,emirfassad,There may be a game here but since it won't run under OSX I'll never know.This game is not Mac compatible.
,Not Recommended,259680,29999484,Posted: 17 February,all,NIGERUNDAYO,Game is good
76561198000116246,Not Recommended,259680,9344998,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,TiTeddyBear,"No.Sorry but this game just doesn't do it for me.The UI is too busy, making it hard to work out how to do things.Key concepts on items like ""damage"" are hard to ascertain.And I died rather easily, thrice.I'm sure people who are into these sorts of games will find things to appreciate but for me it just doesn't quite work."
76561198049704161,Not Recommended,259680,12650141,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,jbolinger,"Mediocre game, clunky interface, oddly inconsistent graphics, and arbitrary difficulty.  I don't recommend this game."
76561198013589593,Not Recommended,259680,11398220,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,VenomCoil,"Apparently 'Rogue-like' has been corrupted to mean ""randomly generate unbeatable unexcapable bosses twice or more the dungeon level, until the player has no more resurrects left"".Some have taken issue with my concept of rogue-like because they played a much harder rogue-like and this is easy when compared to 'that game'.  To that I say, if you must use the No True Scotsman fallacy to defend your game from critique, you've already failed.Escape options in this game are largely restricted to teleports; due to the level disparity that prompts a need for an escape, nothing less then escape in a single turn is fast enough. Unfortunately, the teleports are random and unreliable until late game, when they are finally targetable.If you like a game where drinking a potion could kill you and there is no way to detect it is posion, you may find this game palatable.If you like a game where just the act of entering a dungeon or changing a level may cause your character to slip and break their neck (die), you may find this game palatable.Conversely, if you believe that no matter how hard a game is, the game should provide you the tools to handle risks like these and only punish you for not using those tools, then you will probably find this game to be 'fake hard'.  It randomly hits you with bosses that eyeroll at your escape attempt, giggle at your damage, ignore your debuff attempts and crush you."
76561198088340585,Not Recommended,259680,12588471,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,convalesce2,When I played it the menus where practically unusable making the game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,259680,8087598,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Magma Dragon,"Get Dungeons of Dredmor instead, much more fun"
76561198008534531,Recommended,259680,9651377,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,I highly suggest it!
,Recommended,259680,9822443,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Darkzion,Brings back the old school dungeon crawlers :D   Highly recommended !
,Recommended,259680,9071055,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gut Cassidy,"This is what happens when you take roguelikes and add some modern UI conveniences, difficulty levels, and an option for a forgiving variety of permadeath. You can get it for free online, but I recommend picking it up on Steam because frankly it's worth more than 7 bucks."
,Recommended,259680,9915733,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,dell.sys,This game is balls out badassget on it
76561198071338848,Recommended,259680,8189368,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,brazingfire,Years of replay value.
76561197961315757,Recommended,259680,11240463,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,mastafish,game is amazing and only costs 7 bucks how could you wrong?  throw in the addition of the online chat and you wont feel alone when youre playing plus you can ask the community questions and the devs are even frequently on.  great game and worth every penny.  they could easily get away with charging double for this
76561198062674020,Recommended,259680,11451684,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Istvan Griffin,"Have you heard the saying, 'you cannot judge a book by its cover'? ToME doesn't look pretty, it's true. Far from it, actually. But if you give it a try, you'll soon realize that it's one of the best rogue-like games you have ever played."
,Recommended,259680,10904503,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crippling Depression,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a rogue-like RPG that works on a turn based combat/movement system in which a hero starts his journey in the realms of 'Eyal to conquer his quests.After that intro all I have to say about this game is that its really addictive once you get the hang of it. It's fun messing around with the good amount of builds you can make in this game and there are more characters you can unlock from completing quests and such. The game itself isnt easy, Like most rogue-likes you're going to find yourself at first struggling, asking yourself what do I do next. Fear not. You have the mighty Z button, the Z button allows you to auto-explore and find random things in the stage,Take note that the auto-explore will go through everything around the stage so be careful you might find that special enemy you don't wan't to find along the way.Back to the game, There is a great soundtrack to the game, Which obviously helps greatly to immerse you more into the environment.The game may look old but there is something about that art-style that is just appealing and fun to watch.In gameplay terms you'll find yourself killed alot at first as you'll probably wonder what the hell every skill does or how to approach monsters/towns etc. But fear not there is a tutorial for the new players if they decide to take it.The game itself has a nice character progression pattern, as in you gain levels, find gold and items/equipments that will drop or just be generater in the world you play in, this adds to the whole adventure experience and people who love loot will have a good time going through this game.You can select different difficulties and unlike most rogue-likes you have the option to actually return to the game a few times depending on what mode you pick (obviously if you pick the harder ones once you die, you ded as hell).Overall Tales of Maj'Eyal is a great rogue-like game and I would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a game that they can actually feel like they're playing an old school rogue-like with modern touches to it.On another note you can try the game on the developers website for free, But i'm not sure it contains all the content of the game so I would recommend buying it if you enjoy/like it."
76561197970640688,Recommended,259680,11253393,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,superhoss,"This is a really fun open-world roguelike game with a lot of depth and replayability. Highly recommended to roguelike enthusiasts. My only criticism is that, due to its open world nature, you can tackle areas in a severely non-optimal order (ie, get yourself mercilessly killed before you're ready). See the online guide for recommended area progression, tips/tricks, etc."
76561198008820922,Recommended,259680,11412540,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Gen0c!d3,"Hnnngh! This game is hardcore. Love it! Limited deaths, plenty of character combinations and incredibly rewárding when you get far enough with a character. Just obliterating everything and picking up the loot. First couple of times you walk around corners carefully to avoid being overrun. But then after a while, your character is gonna be well built, and you can activate the ""Search & Destroy"" button to scan and loot a zone. I wouldnt say the learningcurve is steep but it is quite challenging!"
,Recommended,259680,11429847,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Onion Knight,Only level 10 and already more fun than Diablo 3. Music is awesome. Golem OP.
,Recommended,259680,12165050,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[M.r]LeeHarvey,"I have played and loved this game for MANY years, it is an absolute joy."
76561198044267867,Recommended,259680,12104869,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Vatenkeist,"Brilliant, the fact that a freeware game developed by one person has more customization and diversity than any multi-million dollar game I have ever played is mind boggling. To reiterate a free roguelike with myriad classes/builds (more being added regularly) and some theory craft for the price tag of 0.00$,"
76561198012119422,Recommended,259680,11961654,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Kreyang,Great RPG system and fun combat makes this a very good game for its price.
76561198074378010,Recommended,259680,9375636,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ytp,Amazing depth.
,Recommended,259680,21385827,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,NoT,Don't get fooled by the old graphics. ToME is an AMAZING game!!!It has huge replay values with many different classes and builds to try.Fans of rogue-likes shoudn't think twice about buying this gem.
76561198041310283,Recommended,259680,21438376,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Retired Man,I love well made games like this. I was never really into indie/rouge like game before but my last three favorite games have been them. Worth a buy.
76561198004186208,Recommended,259680,21437248,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Trust Yourself,Oddly enough..... This game is really fun.
,Recommended,259680,15106841,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Alexandria,"One of my favourite roguelike game!Maximum replayability as you can choose many race and class.. don't let guard down as this game really difficult at first time..The graphic is very old school but If look for gameplay, pick this up!!I already lost thousands character but still playing it..."
,Recommended,259680,8066317,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Milesaru,"If you're a fan of old-school, roguelike RPG's then you can't go wrong with this. Maddeningly addictive, brutally difficult and with a whole host of unlockable and interesting 'DnD' style classes, each greatly varying in playstyle.By the looks of it, there's potentially a lot of gameplay here too outside of the typical “die, replay new game” flow common with roguelikes. So far I’ve not managed to get a character past level 14 without having them killed and then auto-deleted, and that’s after sinking a good 19 hours into the game. Each time a character has died however, I’ve usually found myself instantly firing up a new game, stubbornly adamant that I’ll get further this time or with a different class (I say “instantly”, there’s always that brief period of time spent just staring at the screen after a death thinking “Shiiiit! I knew I should have been more careful….Shiiiiiiiit!”).Classes, game modes and special perks can be earned and unlocked for current and future playthroughs by completing quests or accessing certain areas, helping keep your interest in the game after a heavy loss.All in all, totally worth £6 I’d say, provided you’re prepared from some serious jimmy rustling somewhere down the line (to the likes Dark Souls has never seen)!"
,Recommended,259680,8662662,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Volbius,"So this is pretty much the coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Super awesome roguelike, easy to get into due to accessible graphics and great controls. Only played a little so far, but what I've seen makes me ridiculously excited to play more."
76561197962125207,Recommended,259680,9394874,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ddblue,"Thoroughly enjoying this game so far. First off, if you don't want to pay for it you can download the free, fully-featured version directly from their sitete4.org(it's not F2P, it's open-source).Basically the game is like Nethack - a ton of randomly generated dungeons and artifacts, with a more complex battle system and better graphics. If you're not into the graphics you can opt for ascii graphics, as I have in past games.It has in-game chat (so you are instantly linked with everyone else who is playing the game at that moment), an active community, and it is constantly being updated and improved. Try it so we can share stories and advise each other on how to get out of jams! It's turn based so you can pick it up and set it down anytime you want."
76561198066262601,Recommended,259680,9686106,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Protocol; Wired,"FUN GAME, PLAY ON EXPLORATION MODE BCAUSE IT IS SO HARD"
,Recommended,259680,9728222,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Noja,One of my favorite roguelikes. This is a great game for people who are trying to get into RL and for RL veterans as well.10/10
,Recommended,259680,9305909,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iskernel,"This is one of the greatest roguelikes I ever played. The story is beautiful with a rich backstory and  there are many classes and races to choose from. There is no grinding and each location has its own flavour and story. Also the game is very replayable and by solving quests you can unlock extra races, classes or features which you can use in other games.In contrast with other roguelikes I've played, this one provides surprisingly good graphics and controls.The game is continuously updated, each update bringing new content.A must buy for any roguelike fan.P.S. It reminded me of Valhalla, an old DOS game I used to play. Perhaps alchemy could be included in a future release."
76561198065652870,Recommended,259680,8905213,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,RandomLoyalist,Don't let the simplistic looks fool you.  This game is so much fun and deep once you get your feet wet.
,Recommended,259680,9039249,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Biere Chaude,This one is an instant classic. Good for everyone new and old to roguelike games.
76561198018434008,Recommended,259680,9356744,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Something,This game is cool. it is a old school hard core rpg. enjoy
76561197960939300,Recommended,259680,9357219,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ozzie_Warrior,"By far the best roguelike I have seen for a long time ( Rogue played 30 years ago on a Vax! many versions played / hunted down since...  ).Extendable and very well done, a real quality piece of work congratulations to the devs a job well done keep going!"
,Recommended,259680,8218947,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zerthimon,"Most entertaining rougelike I've ever played, bar none.  It's already huge, and it just keeps growing.  Now go out there and save the world with the power of sheer spite!"
,Recommended,259680,9362011,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,llldarkhorselll,"Fun, tons of depth, challenging enough in its roguelike aesthetic to make apparent limitations of this type of game instead seem like a terrifically motivating enticement to learn from your last death.  You keep coming back for more.  This is roguelike rpg at its purest.  The whole production seems satisfyingly indie.  Love supporting small but genius little labors of love like this one -- hope you will, too."
,Recommended,259680,9367066,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,BluPotato,I have been dipping into rougelikes for a few years now and this is probably the most polished traditional rougelike I've seen yet.  Until now my go to has been Dungeon Crawl but this easily beats that in terms of both quality and depth.I've been wiping charaters left and right but if you are familar at all with the genre you should pick up the basics in less than a hour.  There is a really good interface and tool-tips mostly explain everything you need to know.
,Recommended,259680,9347014,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,deejK,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is an extremely difficult, yet rewarding roguelike. It doesn't matter if you're only a few minutes in, or a few hours in--one misplaced attack or brash move can mean the end of your character, I constantly find myself back at the character creation screen, rolling a new character to try and see how far I can get... it's pretty difficult if you don't understand the mechanics of turn-based roguelikes (I'm fairly new to the genre). What draws me most to this game, honestly, is the depth of customization. Insane amounts of gear, unique skill trees to each talent archetype [20+ different categories (each 5 deep)], and the ultimate consequence of perma-death keep me playing this game. While I'm not really a fan of lore, I can definitely appreciate how much effort the developers put into creating a real atmosphere and background for the game. The tone, to me, is dark, dank... dramatic, and dire; just reading the class descriptions gives one a real sense of purpose for each character. If you're reading this during the weekend deal of March, 2013 - get this game. Even if not, $6.99 is a steal regardless, provided you're a fan of this genre. If you're the action-y type, this game probably isn't for you. If you're a tactician, and like having total control over damn-near every aspect of your character and his fate, then ToME is for you."
,Recommended,259680,8734577,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,PK SPACE JAM,"A really impressive turn based roguelike with randomly generated quests, maps, and just about everything else. I have yet to dig more deeply into this game but I can tell its very good and has a whole lot of depth to it."
76561198088103020,Recommended,259680,8782722,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,JunMeowMing,"A bit difficult at the start but very addictiing and fun to play! I think this one is one of the best roguelike-games here in Steam! And for those who want to class diversities, this game is for you as it holds a lot of different classes and different races that can be unlocked as you progress through the game.What's more fun to this game is that you can choose modes which has permadeath and non-permadeath, meaning, you can choose either to explore the game or to challenge yourself!Buy it now!"
,Recommended,259680,8719318,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ibitato,"This game is a time sink, let alone.Loads and loads of class combinations that you will eventually unlock as you play.Complete  control over the keyboard,old style.It's story / quest driven, depending on the class you pick, with random generated maps / dungeons.Nice clean interface as well.Well made descriptions for all items.Very active community and development.There is a free version as well, that you can pick and play.It has the ""one more turn"" and ""what if"" factors that keep you going,although the ""main"" campaign it's the only campaign there is.I hope community and developer add more mayor campaigns to the game(by the way, if you are so bad playing this game as  I am, it can take you forever the main campaign,but there is a ""explorer"" mode that is for dummies like me / Although I refuse to use it)"
,Recommended,259680,8726218,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Beard of Bees,"I've been playing this game in its various incarnations since it was PernAngband in the 1990s, then Troubles of MIddle Earth, and now finally Tales of Maj'Eyal - free from copyright infringement and better than ever!It's truly exceptional, and these days, comes with so many lovely enhancements that Roguelikes have traditionally lacked. Mouse control, skill hotkeys, unlockables and stat tracking, and global chat with other playters, MMO-style, in the game window.Underneath all this is a game system that is elegant, varied, and will keep you occupied for hours upon hours upon hours. Each character plays differently and has a host of interesting skill trees to work through. The dungeons are randomly generated, of course, but within some boundaries that ensure that each has its own flavour and unique style.Death is permanent, as with all roguelikes (although there is another little helping hand in ""Adventure"" mode which gives you a few extra lives to play with) but whenever I lose a character it's never a crushing blow - because now I get to enjoy starting over with a brand new one.You can download this game for free fromte4.orgbut it's well worth a fiver to support DarkGod and help him keep updating this brilliant title."
,Recommended,259680,8762928,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Yurek,"Great game. I purchased it because it's cheap and to pass the time till some games I'm waiting for come out, and I am completely addicted.The value for what you are paying is huge. If you are, or ever have been a fan of Roguelike games you MUST have this game. It is very deep, but is newb friendly. You do NOT need to know the details of the game in order to get started or to enjoy it.I'm glad Steam picked this up, I wouldn't have found it otherwise."
76561198023003091,Recommended,259680,8772335,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pid,"A lot of stuff to read in the first hour or so, but the gameplay is fun. The more you play and read/know about rules, items and the game in general, the better it gets. This is a tiny investment for a game that has the potential to outlast many other roguelikes I've acquired on Steam (look at my games inventory to know which titles I refer to). If you're looking for a roguelike, prefer this over the others. It's definitely the deepest of them with actual RPG rules, not just shallow click-fest rules."
76561198106171767,Recommended,259680,20788447,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GoldMaster22,this is a amasing game i definetly recamend it to all. you may choose permadeath i dont but its there. tons of classes from the start and if thats not enugh theres tons of mods. if your thinking about buying BUY IT NOW! and thats my oppinyon.
76561198023599965,Recommended,259680,20796618,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DemonSemon,"Game's difficulty is appropriate, I have merely been found lacking. 5 stars."
76561197991093665,Recommended,259680,20536823,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Windows Vista,This game is pretty much amazeballs.
76561197998765062,Recommended,259680,20535903,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,N8tronic,No words........This game has so much depth it makes most AAA RPG's look like they are playing at the kitty pool....and someone peed in it!
76561198083019629,Recommended,259680,20770008,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Walter Pinkman,"It's like... like... a time-consuming black hole. The one that evaporates pure fun, insane amount of fun!"
,Recommended,259680,13961855,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Prinzessin Prellgiraffe,soo much love for this game. best in roguelike genre.
76561198131481432,Recommended,259680,20747218,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Sensei_Pong,"Finally got around to play this game a little. An absolute blast for a gamer that's been craving an old school hardcore styled RPG/Roguelike with all the feels of NetHack and ADOM. Hellz yeah, this will probably be my jam for the next........... several or so plus more years.With expansions in sight and updates every so often, this game is a definite buy to support a group of what seems like dedicated developer(s).I'm excited to see where this game takes me. Take my money ToME!!"
,Recommended,259680,20756510,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,beatnikbedlam,"i don't even know where to start with this game. i haven't played it in a few months because i put in 23 hours the first two days i had it and decided i should take a break. if that tells you anything.so i guess i should probably start with the gameplay. you'll spend most of your time in-game fighting one thing or another, and the combat feels fantastic. the game is played entirely at your own pace, so death can come in the blink of an eye, or at a miserable agonizing crawl. whatever the speed, death is inevitable and frequent. the difficulty options are nice however, and there's both a casual mode and a pretty solid tutorial to help ease you in. the ui is great and you don't really need to use hotkeys at all, though a few of them are nice to have. it's perfect if you like rogue-lites and want to try something a little more traditional without some of the more annoying aspects of roguelike.moving on to graphics and story. look, i know you've probably already looked at the screenshots and said, ""really?? ehhhhhhhh"" and that's fair. honestly though, they've really grown on me, and while a lot of it is ""generic fantasy"", so much of it isn't, and it subverts the genre in just the right places. the sprites and environments have had some nice work put into them, and despite looking like they're from 1996, they really bring a unique atmostphere to the game. the worldbuilding and music fit well with the visuals and add a lot to the immersion. the dialogue and found notes are all worth reading and give insight into the world, whether it's a small scrap of comic relief in a hectic dungeon or the detailed history of a faction bought from a bookseller. everything is  well-written (if a little... campy in places. not sure if that's the right word) and usually breaks up the pacing in the right places.what will keep me coming back to this game tho (most likely for years to come) are the amazing moments you just can't find anywhere else in gaming. this aspect of the game is reminiscent of skyrim in a lot of ways. despite any flaws the game might have, there is nothing like coming out of a cave in skyrim and knowing an entire world is out there for you to explore. ToME is the same. there is nothing like the feeling of slowly suffocating to death under sand and knowing there's no one to blame for yourself. there is nothing like discovering what lies beneath Lake Nur for the first time. it's a game that lets your imagination run wild in a way ""prettier"" games can't.tl;dr play this game. you'll probably get more hours out of the 10 bucks you pay for ToME + Ashes of Urh'Rok than you'll get out of the $120 you spent on the Witcher 3 and MGSV."
76561198009419490,Recommended,259680,20865498,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dave_B,"My favorite fantasy rogue-like, by far."
76561198071600183,Recommended,259680,20735953,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Log Dogs,good♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198155088578,Recommended,259680,20555733,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,EHondaSlapYou,"This is the best Rogue-Like and RPG right now period.  The controls are excellent and really don't require any key bindings (which is a huge problem for me with some other RL games out there).  You can really tell that the developer put a lot of thought and love into this game.  It is hard, but it is hard in a fair way.  There is no unfair RNG.   The only randomness comes from item drops and levels (in addition to being randomized most dungeons have a rare alternate version which is also randomized).  The only comparable game in replay value is Crusader Kings 2."
76561198172749375,Recommended,259680,20876212,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,gazeboman,Amazing endless rpg with the best community I have ever seen. The combat requires strategy and has a lot of depth.The muisic is good but there is not a lot of it.
,Recommended,259680,21431808,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Soveda31,"Fun Open-Source Roguelike game. Its a must!Different Races! Different Gameplay styles for different classes.OMG this is so fun!Different Game modes for different experiences.Doesn't prevent me from dying all the time, but when i beat that one ****er that blocks my path, whew i'm satisfied!Buy this game! And Buy it for your friends! Your family! I think even your Dog and Goldfish deserves to die hundreds of times in this game!"
,Recommended,259680,21383520,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Samsara,rocksolid
,Recommended,259680,21342099,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,welcomer (aggressive),so many hours played and i've only beaten it one time....
,Recommended,259680,8261098,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,weregamer,"I heartily recommend this game on several counts - especially if you have been disappointed by many of the more recent ""roguelike"" offerings.The category of ""roguelikes"" has become rather broad and vaguie in the last few years, IMO primarily because the originals were so limited by technology that different gamemakers have tried different takes on what made them so fun.ToME is probaly the very best game in this category since the original Rogue and Nethack, because it has the correct answers. there some real role-playing in it as well as some good tactics, so you can have fun all the way through the game. The balance between random generation and meaningful player choices is more even - you are unlikely to die because you never found the key kinds of items you needed, but every game even with the same starting character and overall strategy will play differently.I also applaud these folks for releasing the dev tools and module source both to foster modding and to let more technical players track down fixes for data-based bugs."
76561198021409451,Recommended,259680,17261871,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Echo,Easley one of my favourite games recommend Highly!
,Recommended,259680,12538008,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,I'm Not Sue,"This game, much like the roguelike ADOM, is a story driven game with setpiece and semi-random zones.  If you have played roguelikes in the past, dont let the trailers give you the wrong impression of its interface or themes.  The game is actually quite good.A few technical details first.  The game is available for free on the creator's website.  Buying the game on steam unlocks some donator benefits such as a specific dotator only character class and item transfer between characters.  The game also has its own login, this is to use the site's statistics tracking features, cloud saves (IIRC), and also lets you access an official IRC channel from within the game client itself.  You do not need to login to play the game.  The game performs very well, no complaints.  The game has a great deal of accessibility features, such as a very functional tileset, mouse controls, hud rescaling, and some automation as well.  Overall, very accessible.In terms of game design, I have a few things to comment on.  I very much enjoy roguelikes that have a storyline element such as this one, because it gives a good element of cohesion to the game with goals and progression.  This one actually has a number of class or race specific scenarios that help add to this as well.The game's skill progression system is skill-tree based, with each class having at least two different themed trees with several branches along with more generic ones to give you a few options on how you want to play your character.  For example, a necromancer might have both minion summoning and debuff curses with two trees each to pick between.  Many skills intuitively synergize or benefit each other, and the play also has the ability to acquire out-of-class skills a few times per game for even more flexibility.  The last few skill points can be unspent while in towns if you dislike a recent skill choice, and skills also show the effect of adding an additional skillpoint before you spend them, as well as what character stats influence the variables of those skills.  I find this skill tree system more accesible than a train/abuse stat system present in many other roguelikes, and while the transparency is not perfect it is VERY welcome.The game's combat, as in all perma-death roguelikes, is focused on limiting situations in which you experience risk.  As in all roguelikes this means things like bottlenecking enemies into more controlled environments and crown control, but more notably lies in escape skills for this game.  Being able to leave a situation you will not be able to survive is very crucial in this game, as you almost always cannot simly heal through or face-tank some enemies.  You will be fighting a lot of enemies in this game and the game is quite long, but the game gives you both difficulty and permadeath options so that you may play the game in a method that you enjoy.  The default setting for permadeath gives you a number of lives, and you can accrue a limited number of additional lives at certain milestones in the game, thus letting you maintain risk without letting a single careless mistake end a heavy investment of game hours.The game's replayability more or less lies in two things.  First, many zones have an alternate version of their randomly maps which have varied enemies and difficulty from their originals.  These can be surprising to discover after your first playthrough.  The second is in trying out different race / class combinations, of which there are quite a few with a good variety of options.There's quite a bit I could talk about, but more or less I'd reccomend this game.  It can be a pretty heavy time investment, as most traditional-style roguelikes can be, but its a pretty darn good one for a modern era!"
,Recommended,259680,17202475,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Barrfind V.,"I like it, just because it's a good old crpg. Not so many good old games like this those days."
,Recommended,259680,17065915,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,modifiedreal,Great old school roguelike with an insanely rich world and deep strategy and customization.
76561198023416519,Recommended,259680,16982252,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Nitara,"Fantastic top-down RPG.  A little old school style, a lot of charm and a healthy dose of humor among countless little secrets, bits of lore, and subtle surprises.  Gameplay is quite deep, with each class enjoying different styles and tactics, as well as the flexibility for various builds and playstyles within a given class.  The classes themselves are unique, and all in all ToME gives a unique RPG experience that's reminiscent of rogue-likes but with a breadth and depth all its own and quite unlike anything else I've come across in the genre."
76561198241383550,Recommended,259680,17494177,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,[ID]aftER,this game is a great old school top down point and click rpg :D
76561198111665245,Recommended,259680,18009639,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SmokusPocus,"An expansive, challenging, and vicious roguelike that has so many options available that there's bound to be a playstyle you enjoy in it somewhere. The quests and characters (when you're lucky enough to come across them) are interesting and varied, and it can be a hell of a lot of fun to craft a character who mows through enemy hordes like butter.Expect to die a lot, though."
,Recommended,259680,17937863,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ian,Great roguelike game so far; can't beat it for the price.  Watch gameplay footage on YouTube to get an idea of the playstyle.  Get it.
,Recommended,259680,8812037,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BaNNshEy,"Fun, Tactical, Varied, Challanging, and in depth. I have been looking for a RPG like this for a long time.Not for the Faint of heart or Thought deprived person. You need time, patience, and a desire for building a legendary character. learning the tools, environments, and ""infusions"" takes a little getting used to, but all in all, I love this game.9/10 if you know what you're getting into."
,Recommended,259680,16855110,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,GoneFar,"This game is ruthless and addictive, rewarding grandiose acts of heroism and punishing your failures. Rich, versatile class system, world and lore."
,Recommended,259680,17762695,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Nibnub,I'm going to keep this short and sweet.Solid gameWorth the buyRage inducing
,Recommended,259680,17560530,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,profffile2,"Enjoy it on the whole, but it can be punishing to new players.  The major hole is information about where to quest/level after you leave the starter dungeon. There's very little guidance in game, and online guides seem to be somewhat unreliable.Using one guide, I cleared the Maze fairly easily, then entered the Old Forest which the guide rated as easier and got smoked twice, including by a boss 8-10 levels higher than what the guide suggested it would be and my own level.  Escort quests are also highly influenced by RNG, which given the value of the rewards means there's a huge difference in outcome depending significantly on luck."
76561198010098984,Recommended,259680,15246796,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Rheimus,"This game is one of the most addictive things ive ever played.I find myself constantly restarting saying things like ""this time... this time ill put some points into stealth and take that troll by suprise"" or ""maybe ill try that cursed character again"".It helps that it has a simmilar look and feel to the Spiderweb Software games which i adore to no end.This is the kind of game you can sink as much time as you please into and feel equally rewarded either way, wether it's 5 minutes or 5 hours it's a load of fun every time. With the addition of the modding community this game is potentially endless.Also finally a game that has meaningful acheivments, almost all of the acheivments in the game will unlock something new for you to play with.(Dont forget to chuckle when you see someone die at level 1 to a worm mass)."
76561198041686787,Recommended,259680,16929613,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,m16Ashigaru,"I've been playing it for long time for free, downloaded from the official web page. What can I say? The game should be supported so I bought it. Not as fun as the venerable ADOM, but my second best rogulike. Buy and help the dude :)"
76561198001416359,Recommended,259680,16785716,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Monkeynutz,Absolutely fantastic roguelike. Brings back soooo many memories of Ragnorok.  The only thing that sucks is the lack of offline abilities.  I had to get a hacked copy so I could play it on long flights.  Really i've got well over 100 hours on this one.
,Recommended,259680,16476692,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sunr' ever,"First I wrote a negative review, but after a second try, patiently reading all dialogs and trying to learn the game mechanics, I must change this review to positive. The community is very friendly, they helped me a lot learning the game and the game provides you a great experience overall. It has great replay ability and lots of contents for you to keep discovering and unlocking new things. This game is awesome, seriously. You just have to give it a serious try. It may be strange and difficult in the begining, but it's very fun and addictive once you learn how to play. It's a must have for those who enjoy roguelike games!"
,Recommended,259680,17166215,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,GAME IS A SHIT,"This game is incredible. Definitely give it a shot (you can get it for free at their website, but if you like it enough I recommend supporting the developers via Steam!)."
76561198080123570,Recommended,259680,18197617,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,willsama974,"Not much to say apart from:I love this game.The art is a lot better on my screen than on the teasers from the store page.The different classes i've seen so far have a very different gameplay, giving a big boost to replayability.The unlockables are great: from game changer items, to new classes, races and a base. All those are rewarding your different attempts to beat the game.The game is still updated and a big add on is coming.The workshop and the website also provide a load of content.If you like turn based combat and fantasy, just get it."
,Recommended,259680,16712821,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CrimsonBelvedereDS,"Really fun turn based rpg game with tons of classes, races, items and buttloads of skills, like, my skill rotation is so out of hand it's getting ridiculous! But it keeps the game fun, since there are so many skills you can use based on the items you are equipped with or just plain carry on you.Roguelike element means you don't always have to stick to your character and finish the game in one, and swap on the next playthrough when you unlock new classes if you want, or right after you surely die, again."
,Recommended,259680,16608290,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Strigoi,"Semi-roguelike RPG with simple visuals but deep customization and strategy options. Great little game, can be quite challenging!"
76561198178322757,Recommended,259680,16612155,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jul1usC,"Lets me live out all my DnD fantasies when I can't play with friends. Really solid game. A tad difficult at times, but that's the nature of Rougelikes. One mistake and you're gone. 10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,259680,16770946,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Isomanic,"This game has everything but graphic, and once you get used to that, wave a goodbye to your life.9.5/10"
76561198025115574,Recommended,259680,15999230,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,darthbill,"The game has a very good fighting system and there are millions of possible customizations for characters, the universe is full of fluff, My only problem with the game is it feels pretty empty, but if you like a rogue like game you should part with those dear 8 bucks. I think it's a spiritual successor to Ultima and other similar games of that time. Its like dark souls in that is does not tell you what to do almost at all  and unless you have it on explorer mode, VERY punishing when you die (limited lives)."
,Recommended,259680,15667500,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,♛ZyonGameAble♛,Best Hack/Slash/loot rouge like you will ever find. 100 of skills 30+ races(mods not included)Enjoy it a loot. Recomended for those who like in depth rouge likes
,Recommended,259680,15774654,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Samurai Jack TH,This game is gay. It makes me happy.
,Recommended,259680,16577303,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Krelog,Lovely Rougelike - hard as nails and addictive!Try the harder difficulties ;)
76561198017888772,Recommended,259680,16689735,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,bozarbozar,Love the classes and the abilities. Great balance of rogue elements along with good lore.
76561198030384467,Recommended,259680,16406547,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Overunity,Love roguelikes.  this game is difficult with a lot of fun class options.quite a bit of dungeon randomness to keep things feeling fresh.
,Recommended,259680,16410026,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,I have no idea what I'm doing.,"It's a weird combination of Roguelike and Diablo. Rather than running around an endless dungeon with a handful of different branches, this one is mostly made up of dozens of shallow branches to keep things fresh. The game doesn't have as much as other roguelikes in terms of procedurally generated levels and interesting archetexture, but the classes and races are considerably more diverse in their playstyles. As long as DCSS keeps removing the fun from their own game, this one is probably the best roguelike on the market right now that isn't dead development wise.Also download it for free on their site. The pricetag here is pretty much considered a donation. 85-90% of the game is free to everyone, donators and buyers just get a little more icing for their cake."
,Recommended,259680,16468033,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sinister savior,This game is incredibly well done. There are few things to complain about although I will adress them. The art style is easy to hate. I cannot come to enjoy it. The music is also usually quite bland throughout the game so far. The sound effects in addition are generally annoying. Te game however is very in depth as far as classes and races etc. The varied types of charactors you can make have a large spectrum. However I would like to see a further increase to charactor lore. Perhaps a combination of Elder scrolls daggerfalls history your charactor recieves with a bit of wizardry 8s charactor system. It should be noted that this game is certainly not for everyone. The niche people that it attracts however will find it extremly entertaining.
76561197980099890,Recommended,259680,16457964,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KeiZi,nice looking like old rpg
76561198108269527,Recommended,259680,16428506,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,quantum_jak,The best descendent of Rogue of all time!
76561197973402934,Recommended,259680,16429146,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bhaal,"This is actually a really addicting, frustrating and fun game. The graphics are not much to look at, but it doesn't seem to matter at all.  The tiles are well-made, the class diversification is great, unlocking new classes is really enjoyable.  I still haven't managed to beat the game and I'm not even sure how far I've gotten, but somehow I've spent over 57 hours.  I very much recommend this. Even if the game isn't on sale, I still think it's a fantastic value."
76561197961365849,Recommended,259680,16430228,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Destroyer,"I am no fan of rogue like games, but this one, which I bought by chance, really got my attention (currently 30+ hours of gameplay).I just warn you that this game, if you play the way it is meant, is hard as hell. You will probably die several times still on lvl 1 at the begining as you learn the game and even when you think you mastered it, getting to lvl 20 or more will be a challenge (lvl cap is 50). That´s on normal difficulty!Good luck trying to survive on this. My advice is: do always have a way out/to escape from the mobs. One of them will always get to hit u on ur weak spot (for every build u make) and if u are not well prepared to atk on its weak spot, u´ll have to run!!! RUN FORREST!!!"
,Recommended,259680,16430667,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tater,"I'm not addicted, really. I can stop whenever I want"
,Recommended,259680,16431996,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,a_big_favor,"Great little rougelike. Good story, variety of characters, skills, classes, and items. 10/10"
,Recommended,259680,16433449,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,aftimelord,"[ Note: as of now I've only played a little bit of the game, but don't take that as a reason not to read this review. ]Think of every mechanic in an RPG that you've ever wanted in one. Now think of every bit of lore from pretty much every RPG you've ever played or wanted to play. Now think of a quick-paced combat system that makes exploration the most important thing, the beauty.Now make that game cheap as all hell and playable on EVERY SYSTEM KNOWN TO EXISTENCE.ToME made my day. ToME brought something to my attention that in an instant, whether I was bored or just itching, I could load it up and do anything with. No excessive loading times. No frustrating death counters. No microtransactions. Just GOOD. GAME.BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198022148163,Recommended,259680,16348905,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,stevenschur,Best roguelike I've ever played.  It really is a fantastic game.
,Recommended,259680,16559925,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Noodles & Rice,"This game requires patience and a desire to learn as it throws you immedietly into the frontlines without much of a tutorial. If you are going to play this game, there's a lot of text to read and understand because of the variety of character-specific-abilties. Jumping into the game, you will also notice a, in my opinion, rather messy and bland UI. However, it is to be acknowledged again that this game is Indie, and its graphical elements were not made to impress, which brings us to its gameplay.The gameplay is very simplistic, a simple hack, slash, loot RPG. You would also find yourself in a mix of emotions because the combat is based VERY HEAVILY on RNG. As far as constantly dying, the replayability is not as satisfying as I think it could've been because there is only a single map with set-in-stone locations, which makes the once tedious mazes into linear paths through memory. The only thing that is ""new"" when starting a new game is the character and the loot (excluding boss drops) which than again can be less interesting as you become accustomed to the format."
76561197999388211,Recommended,259680,16521073,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,gOOMBA_sTOMP,Awesome roguelike. Tons of customization options. Many unlocks for replay value. Completely superfluous online chat.10/10 A+
76561197983172307,Recommended,259680,16541293,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,skulg,Fantastic roguelike with many character options.
,Recommended,259680,16418996,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[SM] xᴉslᴉʌǝp,Idk what it is about this game but i never liked any rogue like games until i decided to try this one HOLY Shitbirds batman it is awesome
76561198108373908,Recommended,259680,13610155,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Neoraed,"A very adicting game and a must for any rouguelike fan, especialy if you have a loot fetish."
76561198023720546,Recommended,259680,13611895,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Marcas,"One of my favorite games of all time, and by far the best roguelike."
76561198028048928,Recommended,259680,13275225,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,vahuuka,"I have never written a review on steam before, and I never thought this would be the game that compelled me to , but here we are. I can't say much more than has already been said, but I have thoroughly enjoyed TOME so far and expect many more hours out of it. The Simple yet convinced graphics leave a lot of space for some of the most intuitive and strategic combat and gameplay seen in a roguelike. There is a learning curve, but if you are reading this chances are you are familiar with similar games and it shouldn't be a problem. Let me phrase it this way, this is the easiest to pick up of the very deep roguelike/rouguelites that I have ever played. If you are skeptical, as I was, hopefully this review (or the various other helpful reviews) will enable you to overcome it and pick this game up, it is well worth it"
76561197984450477,Recommended,259680,13227447,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Erlioth,"This is the best game ive played in years. Things it's better than: 4th edition dnd, Skyrim, TESO, WoW, Sex, Most Pizza, Most Alcohol, People, Minecraft, Every AAA game this yearThings it isn't better than: Dogs, Asherons Call10/10, would bang"
76561197993272875,Recommended,259680,13850144,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MrButtermancer,"This game is extraordinarily addictive and well-made. It is a Roguelike, and as such revels in procedural generation, a difficulty curve with occasionally brutal unfairness, and permadeath (which is optional but encouraged).There are a huge number of unique classes that all feel different and special. Each subclass has access to an enourmous unique pool of skill branches and very few branches seem useless.If you can enjoy the roguelike flavor at all, you can love this game. This game is going to be a favorite of mine for a long time."
,Recommended,259680,13897987,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,linuxville,"It's perfect with Loreena McKennitt,"
,Recommended,259680,13471918,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,17% bash my shit,"Good game. Loads of depth and extremely challenging. You wont survive unless you take a minute to consider each turn in some insane fights, even then you can get bad RNG and get completely wiped out without good countermeasures. Even then you can still lose. Highly reccomended. My only advice is the lyrics of a song by kenny rodgers: the gambler."
76561198012005912,Recommended,259680,13938752,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Eric is God,"Best rogue-like game I've ever played. Extremely addictive, deep, varied, and challenging but fair with a ridiculous amount of unlockable races and classes.  Start with a melee class for an easier time and for the love of God, DO NOT reactivate the golem Atamathon unless you want a quick end to your run."
,Recommended,259680,13758946,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jewdaddy,"Some worms were kicking my♥♥♥♥♥so I activated my wand of get-the-♥♥♥♥-out which takes several turns to charge, turned into a spooky ghost and walked into a wall for long enough to get away.10/10 best thing I bought this whole Christmas sale and it wasn't even featured."
,Recommended,259680,13778930,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zarokima,"It's a true rogue-like that's actually presentable and easy to pick up (though my perception of ""easy"" might be tainted by the likes of Dwarf Fortress).10/10, would die to skeleton mages again. And again. And again.Also the dude on the title screen totally looks like Abraham Lincoln. 11/10"
76561197992091857,Recommended,259680,13799716,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Roghain,"Must... put.... down... mouse... long enough to sleep, eat.This is by far one of the most addictiove games I have played in a log time. And it's hard, very hard.Okay, so its a roguelike. But it has options to make it less unforgiving, up to a mode where you can just play en die and respawn untill you have enough. So, the casual player is catered to. Then there's a mode where you have limited lives - you can respawn, but only a few times. And of course the real roguelike - one life. Die, you're out of luck.It's huge. I have been playing for hours and hours and so far have only made it to the 'second half' of the game twice. I am estimating that running a single game end-to-end will take you at least 4-6 hours. Though, I moght be a slowpoke - perhaps better, more experienced players can do it in a few hours less.It's got possibilities. Like, there are so many ways to develop a character. So far I have been fiddling around with one class to see what get's me farther and farther into the game and that is working. You play, you die. Think, why did I die? Adapt in the next character.It has a very smart way of lulling you into a false sense of security by allowing you to kill most critters on your path, then hit you from behind with some nasty rare radom boss.There is mods out the various orifices too - enou8gh to adapt is to a format you like better.Oh, I'd also like to add that there is a massive fanbase on the formums where the (I do believe it's one guy?) developer DarkGod hangs out too - and he actually posts, listens and helps out when you are in trouble.Trust me - if you are into roguelikes or like fiddling around for aeons with character builds, this is something you want.If you are not the masochistic type, it has ways of lettign you in gently and be much more forgiving."
76561197998629414,Recommended,259680,13910784,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TheRogon,"""A game made by a sadist, guaranteed to convert you into a masocist.""""I die alot.. but in a fun sort of way.""Things I said to friends when they asked me about this game."
76561197995169868,Recommended,259680,13854806,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Veruse,"I have played this game long before it came out on steam and it has only been improved with time.  The creator ""DarkGod"" is constantly fixing issues and adding content.  I have had to delete the game in order not to get wrapped up for hours at a time.  Just seeing the desktop icon is like a beacon heralding tales of past victories and unbelievable random situations that may never happen again on another playthrough.  This game is well-suited to first time roguelike players as well as posing a challenge for seasoned vets.Side note:  This game has been free for years through the developer's website and the option to donate was vailable.  This is one of those rare games where you WANT to donate to the creator because they deserve it and the game yields more hours of enjoyment than most."
76561198047571239,Recommended,259680,13834674,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Fextina,"I never played any Rouge or Rouge-like games before, and this game is _dangerouly_ addictive. Despite the linear questing and story line, each time I played it with the same race and same class, I experienced different ways to advance my character. Never was I using the same game play style in any instance I played thus far as it offers enough randomess to keep you playing for hours and hours. I only played two classes right now and I learn something new on each roll.There is no more complex and fullfilling hardcore RPG game like this!"
76561198066476544,Recommended,259680,13841572,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Everend Dracmarr,"This title surpassed all of my expectations and has left me for wanting more. Truely a compelling experience. Great Character development, and interesting combat. There is no words to describe the feeling as your character becomes more powerfull, only to suddenly have it all end violently.  This game does not like you, and will break you if you're not paying attention.Perma-Death at it's finest....No regrets my friends! Once more into the breach!!"
76561198075547394,Recommended,259680,15527603,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,swiftfatguy,This game is the second best rogue-like risk of rain is the best. when you look at this game and look at the acheivements your like pffff these'll be pretty easy to get let me tell you it is not and it is a awesome game that is addicting nad difficult9.69/10
,Recommended,259680,15514222,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kerma,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a very fun roguelike and is surprisingly easy to learn despite being part of a genre that is very harsh and unforgiving towards new players.I've always liked roguelikes, but I'm not a huge fan of Elona or Stone Soup mainly because it's a lot of statistics and looking at numbers and generally being confused until something oneshots you in 2 seconds and you have to start over again. While that depth is definitely part of Tales of Maj'Eyal, it's only very necessary for later levels when you're actually needing to manage every stat and balance everything to survive. That isn't to say the game is casual, as you can very easily die over, and over, and over... Actually my main block with the game currently is that I can't unlock any new classes because I can't get far enough without dying!The main things that pop out to me are the diversity of classes, the world map you can explore and find hidden secrets in, and the wide variety of different spells and tactics you can employ to fight your enemies. You can be an archer and shoot from afar (infinite ammo with reloading- carrying stacks of arrows be damned!), be a trapper and set tons of traps while stealthing around, become several different types of mages and magic casters and much much more.The graphics are ok, honestly the weak point of the game to me. I feel like people could get easily turned off by the trailer as the graphics look like some old PC freeware game- but I think they're bearable once you're in game, and I think it's cool how your character changes depending on what armour you're wearing. The music is also kind of sleep inducing, although I like the silly snarls some enemies make.Overall 8.9/10"
76561198141846989,Recommended,259680,15519475,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,driftinhank29,"I am thoroughly impressed with Tales of Maj’Eyal. The graphics are simple tile based graphics, but what it lacks graphically it certainly makes up for in depth. If you are looking for amazing graphics look somewhere else. If you are looking for an RPG that concentrates on character development and tactical combat this game is exceptional.Each race and class is customizable by placing points how you like among skills, powes, and stats at creation and upon leveling. The combat is turn based and utilizes skills and powers very well. You will find lore throughout the game that  reveals the world and back story as you progress. There are 1369 achievements. You can play with one life, a few lives, even infinite lives. This is the closest I’ve seen a video game come to re-creating a tabletop experience. I can see myself  dedicating many hours to playing this game.I highly recommend Tales of Maj’Eyal."
76561198119452797,Recommended,259680,16248344,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,anthony.lluis001,This game's awesome. I had as much joy deciding where to put my next talent pint as mi did playing it
,Recommended,259680,15085129,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ErbBetaPatched,This game is like D&D except I can play it by myself at lunch and no one makes fun of me.
,Recommended,259680,15086050,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Good Grief,"Out of all the rogue-likes I've had the pleasure of playing over the past two years this in MHO is the king. Amazing levels of customization, awesome stroy, unforgiving gameplay. if you're looking for your first or last roguelike this ... THIS is the GAME!!"
,Recommended,259680,15029448,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,erc,"Tales of Maj'Eyal (ToME) is a roguelike game that has been around in various forms for several years but until the more recent versions might have been a little too oldschool style for many modern gamers. I'm going to try to be unbiased in reviewing this game but it might be tough since I started playing when it was called Pernband.Graphics: 3/5 The tiles in this game are very well done and for the most part, everything is pretty easy to identify. In some areas it may be hard to see a monster next to an obstacle but this may be by design. It also has ASCII mode for old school roguelike nerds like myself.Sound: 3/5 Not horrible but not great. The music mostly fits the areas but some of the sound effects just sound wrong to me.Difficulty: 5/5 Like most roguelikes, this game is not supposed to be easy. ToME does have adjustable difficulty levels to appeal to a broader audience. You can start with a set number of lives or go typical roguelike style permadeath. You can adjust your experience from casual gaming to pulling your hair out.Gameplay 5/5: ToME is different than most roguelikes in that it has a somewhat open and explorable world as opposed to a single dungeon and maybe a town. The player starts in an area that depends on the characters race. These areas range from simple to brutal. The story is decent and there are plenty of other quests to occupy your time. This game is controlled by keyboard and/or mouse. This makes it easy for an experienced RL player or a novice to jump right in after the brief tutorial. The level generation is done well enough to make each playthrough feel unique and the battles require just the right amount of strategy to keep the game interesting. There are various unlocks that range from things you will do in a normal game to tedious quests.Overall: 4/5 If you are an oldschool rogueliker, then you are probably already familiar with some version of ToME. If you are newer to the genre and want to play a difficult dungeon crawler with some exploration then this game is worth looking at."
76561197975784860,Recommended,259680,15127808,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,annihiluzz,My favourite rogue-like game <3
,Recommended,259680,15119508,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ensvey,"I reluctantly recommend this game due to its sheer addictiveness. I did not want to get addicted to it, but it sucks you in. One more character, one more level. It makes you want to understand it, to learn, to improve... and then you lose another character you've spent half a day on, and start a new one. I am not proud of the time I've been spending on this game, but it's like digital crack."
,Recommended,259680,15144517,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,elvis,One of the classic rogue-like games. It did start as a mod of (Z)Angband and was called PernAngband first (after the Dragonriders of Pern novels) and later renamed into Troubles of Middle Earth (ToME). The code has since been rewritten completely and the game has grown and matured in that time.And i want to greet everyone from the first mailinglist and who remembers the pern shapechanger alchemists ;)
76561198019388822,Recommended,259680,15044377,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Optometrist Prime,"This game may look lacking but it actually contains a lot of content. The fighting and enemy encounters are very fun, requiring strategy and tactics if you want to survive. The quests/missions are good at getting you to explore the world and the lore that you can find in-game is very interesting. I bought this game when it was on sale for about $2 but i still would have paid the full price for it."
76561198089652452,Recommended,259680,15045626,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MaGinThat,i like it.i usually dont like rogues but this one lures me in ;)
76561197983672075,Recommended,259680,15045653,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,DaetherX,"This game is well worth the asking price.A ""roguelike"" game that is actuallyBalanced!!!Most devs think that's an oxymoron and use ""roguelike"" as an excuse to be lazy and put out a sub-standard product, but not the dev of this game. You're totally free to blunder into areas and enemies way out of your league and get horribly murdered, as I just did, but you can expectmostof the enemies in an area that are your level to be beat-able.But even if you go to another starter area you might get swarmed and over-confidently die.It's tough and challenging but with the right tactics, equipment, power selection, and a little luck you can make it fairly far and play for a while. Then you'll open a sealed door with an unspeakable horror too powerful for you on the other side and die, but be so amused and enjoy it so much you pick another class and try again."
76561198093086747,Recommended,259680,15234347,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,← Noshcat,"Good game, free on dev's site.te4.orgBought it on steam to unlock a special dual shield ""stone warden"" class and give the dev some well deserved cash."
,Recommended,259680,15189194,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,RealFear,"One of the more addicting games i've played, even with it's simplicity. It's also got plenty of secrets hidden under it's surface."
76561198026718272,Recommended,259680,15195968,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,I like birbs,Played this game for yearsThis game has the most fun combat of all games ive played in my life =)
76561198018903754,Recommended,259680,15312832,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dinnitz,"This is a very good roguelike, lots of fun!"
76561198161247786,Recommended,259680,15050734,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Rilas,Gaem is gud.
76561197970861139,Recommended,259680,15055896,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Anrita,"A fun roguelike, and more accessible than most.  There are a lot of interesting character options to unlock, plenty of flexibility on how to build each class, and a big, flavorful world to explore.  Plus, alternate game modes can be unlocked, like the arena and the infinite dungeon."
,Recommended,259680,15013968,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Enoch,"I can't recommend this game enough!  It's got full keyboard support, so you rarely need to touch the mouse which makes moving and navigating menus much faster. There's a ton of mods if you feel the out-of-the-box experience needs a little spice.This game is a true rogelike where every move matters and every level is preparing you for the next. You'll study each death to consider how your next run will get you a little further. With each run you get a little further and a little better.  All along the way ToME is and unforgiving, yet fair game. This game is mind-candy, not eye-candy."
,Recommended,259680,15287042,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Odinicus,"This Fracking game is infuriating.  I was all for the old throwback style.  The first game i ever played was Castle of the Winds on DoS.  The gameplay in this game is pretty much the same.  It is super fun and really interesting to try out the different classes.  I would say this game is not for everone though.  You only have so many lives before you get to trash your toon and start over from scratch.  I haven't been able to make it past lvl 15 without final dying and quitting.  There is an option to play with unlimited lives but you don't unlock classes or get achievments, so whats the point really?  I would be all for this game if it just game more lives or made things slightly easier."
,Recommended,259680,15550942,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,"Yes, yes, and more yes. Perfect rogue-like game. Hard, but fair. Be careful, it will get its hooks in you!"
,Recommended,259680,15601935,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Nimble Ninja,"I blame my son for my mild addiction to this game...yes, indeed...it's his fault.....no, really...."
,Recommended,259680,15413914,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Perlkonig,"The best roguelike I've ever played. Engaging combat mechanics, tons of race/class/skill combinations, and fun game modes."
76561198037712518,Recommended,259680,15473798,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,anubis,"One of the best roguelikes. All of the classes are fun to play. Offers mutliple game modes. ""Randomness"" is kept in check a bit, so when you die it's mostly your fault, which is a great thing.The only issue I see is that the game slows down a lot sometimes. The interface starts getting unresponsive.I have been playing this game for years now. Played it much more before I bought it on Steam. Definitely check it out."
76561198059227408,Recommended,259680,15506137,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Georgeous,"As a Dungeon Master/fantasy writer, Tales of Maj'Eyal is great to have in the background to assist in the prevention of writers block.As a fan of old school PC RPG's, Tales of Maj'Eyal is an intelligent throwback well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,259680,15507144,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,pungentstentch,"Old School Rpg Rogue-Like. Endless hours of fun and frustation when dying,"
76561197975670253,Recommended,259680,15510498,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kashiedin,"A fantastic game with great depth of gameplay and character development.  A true Roguelike, with a high degree of difficulty, fun, and replayability."
76561198103431330,Recommended,259680,15511102,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,"Surprisingly engaging! Despite the quality of the graphics, I see myself putting a lot of time into this game in the future."
76561197973787155,Recommended,259680,15497529,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Neil Sorens,"Takes the simplicity and focus of Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup and pairs it with a more expansive and intricately crafted world, more ""gamey"" features like achievements/unlocks, better add-on support, various convenience features, and a boatload of abilities for each class that give you a feeling of power rather than the feeling vulnerability that most roguelikes espouse.My quibbles are only minor (for example, some items have a couple dozen different attributes, so the text is small and items are hard to compare at a glance)."
,Recommended,259680,15574138,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Villainous Bun,"I had fun. it's pretty fun. It's like an old dos game. It's pretty fun.[Edit] Wow, this game is a TON of fun. Now that I've put about 20 more minutes into this game and actually figured out how to play, I've realized how fun this game actually is. At the time of writing this I have just over an hour in the game and I'm already addicted."
76561198158938940,Recommended,259680,15617557,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"This exactly the kind of rogue-like game I've been looking for a while. Old school graphic with tremendous story, strategy, maps and monsters, I only tried the game for a few hours and but I know the record will be a 3 digital number soon.The only thing is that this game seems to be free at its official website while steam charges a few bucks. This is a little bit awkward but I'll take it as a donation to the developer well done"
,Recommended,259680,15036920,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Doombot,"This game is all the best parts of turn-based RPGs mixed with the nostalgia of the old sprite-based top-down roguelikes of old. I have been playing it pretty constantly for a couple days. It trends towards the hard side of difficulty (even on Normal) but it only serves to encourage me to try more stuff like the classes and class abilities you unlock for later characters.Simply put, this will occupy my time for the foreseeable future!"
76561197973236751,Recommended,259680,15039824,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Eolair,Simple story.Tried it - loved it.
76561198107828262,Recommended,259680,15004073,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Another of another of blue frien,"Depth and fun casual game with a lot of understand with gameplay and  map if you want to find a game for killing long time this is for youa lots great staffs to unlock with you need to do the quest to unlock RACE AND CLASS  this game needs a lot of love if you want a great staff and its FREE!!!but i give this game some love by bought it yesterday  easy gameplay system for noob like meNOW MORE DETAILS GUIDECHARACTER<<<<<<each class has own unique skil,stats  but its up to you how you want to play with your cha but creater give a choices to play your cha so many ways its abou 9 RACE and 20 CLASS if you want them unlock them by doing questMAP<<<<<<<ok i dunno about this much because i haven reached there (  just in starter Zone lol )  each map has unique monster and each map has own quest own loots and this is part i love this game when youve done quest they give you skil,stats and not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot like weapon and armor  you can drop armor and weapon or even buy a good one in marchant   (lite and misc)<<< you will know what is if you play game and gem to socket in weapon i dunno may be its called gem ritaulGAMEPLAY<<<<<<they have five level difficult (i only have three) and five mode  (have three too)  and RACE AND CLASS like i said beforeand this game has friendly gameplay that even im not rouge-like player like even play it but this game need to plan before do anytihng like when you fight and being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by five troll if you want to survive how r u gonna do (this is why i havent reached 15 because im brainless player anyway im finding way to play my own style too just want to left click and kill lol)shorty details easy to understand even newbie can play this gameyou need to discover the map before you kill just point at mob see how level there are before kill themand you dont need to push urself too hurry to attack JUST think then do it  its the best because this game its turn-based it gives you a time to think before do anything( ive died a lot becasue i just attacked monster without see their levels and DO NOT USE AUTO EXPLORE untill you think youre strong enough it will stop when you see loot lore and monster but mine  i was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ close to the monster in case it was the boss)AND HAVE FUN PLAYING THIS GREAT GAME GOOD LUCKP.s who could help me pass 10-ish leveling guide because i cant find map to leveling after 15-ish and iv died about 25 times and not even touch 15-ish  ITS REALLY SADif you have a zone or map guide please share with me <<<<< REALLY NEED HELP IN THIS"
,Recommended,259680,15004791,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,fractalnature,10/10 will die again very soon! great rouguelike and suprisingly addictive!
,Recommended,259680,15007223,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Myrtheus,"I cannot get past level five yet, but I will. I'm drinking my milk and soon I'll hit level 6! This game is harder than Darksouls and a better story. It seems really in depth so far and I love the turn based combat. It reminds me of old school rpg games from my youth; Ultima 4, the old SSI TSR games. I reccomend this game with all of my blackened heart! Play, PLAY IT NOW!"
76561197968461716,Recommended,259680,15889972,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,The Beefalo,Opened Bill's lair in Trollmire and was greeted by a level 34 elite.  As a level 7 alchemist.  Perfect rougelike RNG.
76561198067545258,Recommended,259680,8326342,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Congrolios,Great roguelike. Lots of classes and races for a wide variety of play. The skill systems are complex and require a lot of thought in order to build a character that is capable of beating the game. Just really fun and highly suggested. I played the free version for a while but I'm glad to finally pay for it; certainly worth more than $7.
,Recommended,259680,8308465,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Insane,"This is, as of the end of 2013, my favorite Roguelike to date. I've really enjoyed things like Dungeons of Dredmor and Dungeons of the Endless but this one takes the cake. It has a much more varied world, a very complex leveling and progression system, and a multitude of races and classes to play as. The best way I can describe this would be as a D&D Roguelike (though it isn't D&D, it has that insane level choices and progression). The game has been out for several years, though it is new to steam, and the Devs are still releasing free content updates to this day. If you want a new roguelike, and one that you won't tire of quickly, check this one out."
,Recommended,259680,9335353,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Thomas Jefferson,"Perfect mix of roguelike combat with RPG customization when it comes to items and skills. Each class has an origin story and you unlock further classes in the game as you encounter various events in the world. It's a bit different than traditional roguelikes as you're not descening one specific dungeon for a huge number of levels, but rather you play on an overworld map that has hundreds of different areas to explore.Definitely recommend it for anyone looking for a turn-based experience custom-tailored to your preferences."
,Recommended,259680,8469728,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AsleepTime,This is a Good Game.
76561197976494137,Recommended,259680,11166415,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,insurence,One of the best Games on Steam!
,Recommended,259680,11137891,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Torinir,"Roguelike, with epic badassery (it's a granted skill!) and phat lewtz. Tons of mods are already available for the game to provide even more races, classes, dungeons and LEWTZ.Why have you not bought this yet?Are you still reading this? You should be buying and playing the game instead."
,Recommended,259680,12228624,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,happyday09,"Great game with incredible replay value. Incredibly difficult, though. If you only think you win by defeating the 'final boss', this might not be the game for you. However, if you love a challenging game and feel acomplished when a character does well, you'll keep coming back to this game over and over and have a wonderful experience each time. Full of lore and interesting mechanics as well. Lots of achievements and unlocks."
,Recommended,259680,12295365,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Fun with knives,Best roguelike i ever played.
76561198026074229,Recommended,259680,12292235,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,It's Mer!,"One of those games that proves the case that graphics are but a small part of what makes a game good. This game looks like cardboard cut-out game pieces laid on a game board, it's not that pretty but it makes up for it in oh-so good gameplay, character developement & I even enjoy the music (which I usually pay no attention to at all).I haven't played too much of the game yet but I was surprised with over 1300 achievements in this game, I figured I'd be unlocking them left and right. Unfortunately, I've only unlocked 3 thus far, not really ego boosting but an interesting fact.The game took me a few play throughs (it's rouge-like, meaning you will likely die...a lot) to get the mechanics down. My first character was a Dwarf Bulwark Warrior (sword + board style) I didn't last very long, had no idea how and/or when to use my abilities, how to acquire new items, but as I played more, it came piece by piece. I'm sure I still have many things to learn, but I look forward to my time doing it because this game is quite enjoyable.It's not an expensive game and it's really worth a look if you enjoy creating characters, trying new things and exploring."
,Recommended,259680,12262738,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[TGC] Grimfaldra,A game for anyone who likes rogue-like games. Just as addictive as the old style games but with one downside: Every item you find is identified for you and a mouse-over reveals strengths and weaknesses of visible enemys.I played nearly all of the rogue-style games and this one is enjoyable and a wonderful waste of time.
76561197977050016,Recommended,259680,12371382,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Coach Feratu,Totally sucked me in.
76561197986612047,Recommended,259680,12364205,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,spastic,"This is an incredible roguelike game with a lot of variety. The dungeons have different sets of enemies and features, providing different tactical challenges. There are also a lot of different classes to play, and each class can be built in multiple ways, offering a lot of replayability. An autosearch key takes out a lot of the tedium.I switched my keys to follow the classic no numberpad layout from Nethack, and it works great for me."
,Recommended,259680,8130218,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Naughtyusername,"It's just so awesome. hardcore RPG, Roguelike, has a classic style/feel to it, and for those of you who dont enjoy super punishing roguelikes, they have options to make it easier, not my style, but i like that it allows (for lack of a better word) noobs to play and enjoy the game while not ruining the experience for hardcore players, that is in my book, so important to games in general, but espically roguelikes. the combat is nice, and the UI is a little daunting at first, but i kinda like it. i dont like rating games based on numbers, but since thats how things are generally rated id say this is eassily a 10/10."
76561198028186157,Recommended,259680,8134808,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Gint87,just like the old games
,Recommended,259680,8135855,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,RisuMiso,"This Game is awesome.  If you like roguelikes then pick this one up.  High replay value, challenging, lots of depth.  Love it."
76561197968127224,Recommended,259680,8111812,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Topher,"Where has this game been? Why has no one said anything about this awesome gem of a game? I can already tell I'm going to spend many, many hours playing this wonderful game. Yes... the graphics are simple and yes, the presentation leaves a lot to be desired, but the complexity and depth is what this game is all about. Outstanding. More value here than in most big budget, $50 at release games. Much more."
76561197960392466,Recommended,259680,8112442,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FINbit,Glad this got greenlit!  This has been a go to game for me for a long time.
,Recommended,259680,8117451,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Estersios,It's mandatory for roguelike lovers!!
,Recommended,259680,8100933,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,trombe,BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,259680,8182993,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,aseth,"One of the better roguelikes I've played recently, it's on my ""Like"" list."
,Recommended,259680,8376686,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MrPeters,It's a great little RPG with small but numerous features.
,Recommended,259680,8263598,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Emerald Witch,"While ToME is technically free if you go to the website (and I encourage you to check it out there to make sure it is a game you enjoy), I am glad I paid the Steam price. It essentially counts the same as if you are a donator on the official web site, giving you the same benefits they get.As for the game itself, it is a roguelike. That means randomly generated dungeons, items, monsters, etc... and permanent death. ToME actually has an optional mode where you get multiple lives also, in case you are new to roguelikes and want to ease into things. What ToME does that stands out from the rest is have a very interesting class and race system, which is very customizable to your taste. For example, as a Rogue you can choose to specialize in stealthy gameplay with devastating sneak attacks, deadly traps, or a brawling play style with dirty fighting techniques that give you the advantage when facing foes. The choice is yours, and in addition to stats, each race gives a pool of 4 unique abilities you can also choose to train up, making different race and class combinations play somewhat differently.Another feature of ToME that I don't normally see is an overworld system. After clearing your introduction dungeon you'll be thrust out into the open world, free to explore and attempt to clear dangerous forests, dungeons, and hideouts of foes. It makes the game feel large, like your adventures are part of the world of Maj'Eyal and not just isolated to a single deep dungeon.Finally, ToME is extremely mod-friendly. Don't want to unlock all the classes and races yourself? There is a mod for that. There are mods for new items, new classes, new dungeons, etc... You name it.I am not yet very far into the game, but I have no reservations recommending it, especially giving it a try for free on their website:http://te4.org."
76561198047657967,Recommended,259680,8204261,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Prevenge,"The only negative review for this game is get Dungeons Of Dredmore. A good choice for an alternate, I recommend you get that game also. I've been told this game is open source and you can get it for free also, but after playing it I would have just donated that amount anyway. This is a good solid game that looks like a mix between Ragnarok(also freeware but you might need dosbox to play) and Din's curse. This and ragnarok are two of the most true to form roguelikes I can think of as most have you go level to level with creatures at the same equivilent level to fight. in TOME you can blunder into a dungeon that is way to hard for your level or have just a random monster(s) in a vault that is way beyond your means. The only real complaint I might have at this point is sometime you can get killed by a creature offscreen and can do nothing about it(like Xcom). Of course I just take this as meaning I have to get better!! buy it and good luck, you'll need it!!!!"
,Recommended,259680,8277942,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Saga of Ilthire,"This is by-far the best roguelike I've ever played. Highly recommend! The difference between the free version on their website and steam is:Custom TilesA video being worth a thousands words, check it out there:Donators Custom TilesBasically this will allow you to choose a custom tile for all your characters, so much more fun! Also donator's characters with custom tiles will show up on the character's vault!Custom Tiles and Exploration ModeExploration mode is basically a game mode where you get an infinite number of lives, for those that want to see the story unfold faster.Items VaultFor each 2€ of donations you gain one slot in the online Items Vault. This allows a character to send items to the vault and an other one to grab it from there. This feature can be accessed through the Fortress ingame.Stone Warden classDonators get to enjoy a special class: Stone Wardens. Only dwarves can be Stone Wardens, they are a melee class that dual wields shields and is both proficient in arcane and nature. While most of the world thinks those two forces are opposite, the dwarves have found a way to merge them."
,Recommended,259680,8278897,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Fenrir,"If you you're a fan of Roguelikes you owe it to yourself to play this.Theres a ton of content to unlock. Classes, races, campaigns etc. and the main campaign offers lots of quests, dungeons and places to explore. All this contributing to humongous F'ing replay value!Every class feel very different from eachother and theres a lot customization to make your character feel unique. It's a hard game, and you are going to die a lot under the first few hours, but don't let that discourage you.The community is awesome too, with a chatbox ingame where you can link creatures and items, or just ask some questions to more experienced players!All in all i give this game a: Praise the sun!"
76561197972244601,Recommended,259680,8279443,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ranger33,"I can't recommend this game enough. If you have any interest at all in roguelikes or just RPG's, you must give it a try. The UI is excellent and easy to use, with a handy ingame chat. Graphics are simple but nice to look at, especially compared to other roguelikes. There is an insane amount of replay value here between the different races, classes, random loot and skills found in each playthrough, and most of all the different builds possible with each class. You unlock new classes and races by playing, as well as some other things that carry over to new characters, so even when you inevitably die you have something to show for it. The game is frequently updated with new content and features. The game is mostly free to play, but if you like it please give the devs some support by purchasing it."
76561197969594993,Recommended,259680,8359019,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Userfaulty,Its $7 and its THE BEST roguelike dungeon crawler. It makes you think and use strategy to survive instead of just hack n slash.Quests are awesome and have good stories. Good amount of random and needed loot. Bosses are actually hard and take planning to kill but can be done. Plenty of replayability.Its $7...
,Recommended,259680,8191138,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,JThor,"A wonderful roguelike! The food clock and challenge of identifying potions and scrolls has been replaced with a focus on tactical combat and powers triggered by a hot bar on the bottom of the screen. The game forces you to get into tough battles and have to really think about your actions to progress.The classes (there are plenty of them) are a varied and interesting. The skill trees are intricate and forgiving by allowing you to respec the most recent points spent. There seem to be a good variety of builds of each type of class.So far I've only made it to the mid-game with one of the fighter/mage hybrids. I was sent on quests, entered a handful of dungeons and had a really good time.So far, as of December 2013, this is by far the best roguelike available on Steam. The only games for me that come close to this are NetHack, ADOM (coming to Steam soon) and Brogue (free). A big thumbs up."
76561198008258575,Recommended,259680,8401945,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gen Shishio,"Don't let the graphics deter you.  This is a deep, addictive strategy game with a lot to offer.  It's easy to get into, but hard to put down once you start.  Each class is unique and offers a different play experience from the others.  It isn't an easy game, but its well balanced and a lot of fun to play.If you enjoy rogue-likes or RPGs don't bother waiting for a sale.  It's well worth it's modest cost of admission."
76561198071949340,Recommended,259680,8324617,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,NSP the Great,"This game blew my mind! It's an RPG Pearl like Dark Sun Shattered Lands. You don't controll a party though but it has so many classes you can unlock and play, it's insane. Re-playability is big, the dungeons feel different every time. And it's hard as hell ( u can play with infinite lives if you like, just to unlock everything if you like) !!! I really recommend it!"
76561197971562414,Recommended,259680,15237390,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,"One of the first games I played for PC was nethack.  I loved that game and played it over and over, although I never had the discipline to beat it.  Tales of Maj'Eyal stands out from the plethora of mediocre 'roguelike' games that are so trendy recently. TOME is a worthy successor to the likes of rogue, netHack, Angband, and Slash'Em in every way.Not only does the game offer a large, procedurally generated world to explore but there are also many very well-designed classes to do it with.  Where the game really shines is it's ui.  The fantastic use of color makes item details readily appreciable despite their complexity.  The auto-explore feature reduces the tedium of fully mapping a level, while sacrificing none of the level of tactical control required for difficult fights.Since TOME uses a scaling level system (within ranges set by the zone), there is no need to have the type of food/hunger system used to force the player to advance deeper in the older games.  I always found a system that forced me to rush (or rely on random spawns for food) to be irksome.The character classes are really diverse and unlocking them provides amusing challenges outside the central goals of the game.  Spells, abilities, and customization within a class all dramatically affect the playstyle.  Abilities feel like they have a real impact and boss/rare monster fights require tactics tailored to the encounter as well as the player's build.The Steam login and chat system now work very well so you can chat with other players.  This can be very helpful and amusing.All in all, a great game with enormous replayability.  As an update to my review, I finally got through the whole main campaign on a character (Temporal Warden) on normal mode.  A few minutes later I started again with a different class for a totally different experience."
76561198026947856,Recommended,259680,18620295,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jossa,"Makes me think of a 2D Morrowind without the story and third D. Fun little game, and I think it's well worth the price."
,Recommended,259680,18650126,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sleaker,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a great roguelike.  I've been playing TOME since it was created (The original free version) and following DarkGod and his work, TOME has evolved into a very beginner friendly game, allowing for the hardcore player to build a character using 'roguelike' mode, or allowing beginners to use exploration or adventure mode to give unlimited lives, or a set number of lives per run.  This gives the player more flexibility to play the game how they want to play it and experience the lore.  The game starts you off with a modest number of Race/Class combos and you can unlock more as you progress by completing dungeons and quests.  I'd recommend this game for anyone that is not phased by turn-based tactical gameplay."
,Recommended,259680,18607080,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ctheunicorn,Awesome
76561198027444680,Recommended,259680,18765395,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Doom2299,9/10 Awesome game!
76561198047891559,Recommended,259680,18749849,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,XzfailzX,This game is a paragon of the rouguelike RPG genre. Between its engaging combat system abundance of optional lore wide variety of races and classes it channels D&D to create a compelling experience. I would claim with total confidence that this is up there as one of the most worthwile games on steam to sink your money and time into.
,Recommended,259680,18362573,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jko,"This game is not easy. Not at all. But that's why I love it. A massive range of classes, races, skills, weapons, armour, spells, enemies, landscapes, and dungeons all come together to make an immersive turn-based rougelike experience. Easily one of my favourites in the rougelike genre."
76561198211862387,Recommended,259680,18376174,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,cwhite97,"As a former fan of DCSS and a long time lover of fantasy games, I can say with certainty that this is the best I've ever played. It has incredible depth yet it is highly accessible after a few times playing through characters; it has awesome mods, DLC, and general gameplay. Each class is very much different in playstyle, and the skill trees are both rewarding and varied. I recommend this game to any fan of roguelikes. 10/10"
76561198076156510,Recommended,259680,18246546,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Nemo,"I highly recommend this!A throw back to the 90s, excellently executed, this game is a real gem.Pros:- Excellent character building with interesting stats and skills.- Combat is fun.- The quests are enjoyable, involved, but not overly so.- Tons of innovative features that remove elements of RPGs that would typically be boring.e.g. Autoexplore: Lets you effortlessly find anything you missed in an area.- Lots of classes and characters to unlock with each playthrough, which keeps things fresh oh and also some special items carry through to your next character.Cons?- This game is nothing to look at.- The tutorial was a tad boring, but only lasts all of 5 mins, it's to the point, well worth getting through to enjoy a great game."
76561198091419662,Recommended,259680,18254431,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,demoth,"THIS is what i call a rebirth of rogue like genre. As a dcss and adom fan i was really upset with all the ""so-called rogue like"" material available now on steam. But no now. It's like the almighty lord of rogue has descended into our domain and gifted us with the ToMe.Anyway, it may look complex at first glance but for those who sought 'space' to materialize their ideas this game is definetly worth to play with.5/5"
,Recommended,259680,18436411,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Wong Tong Silva,"Steam Workshop adding new content in the forms of classes, races, tools, make this game well worth your time for fans of the roguelike genre."
76561197961747571,Recommended,259680,18422545,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Devastant,"First rogue-like I've actually played (I've bought several off STEAM) since the death of ZAngband Tk. Its a heck of a lot of fun, and a clock eater. I sat down last night and said ""I'm gonna play for 1/2 an hour... that was at 9pm... I got up to go to bed at a little after ""Was that a rooster I heard"" 5:30am... if you're only going to own one rogue-like, this one needs a good long look."
,Recommended,259680,18493488,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Leafhouse,More please.
,Recommended,259680,18594418,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Malignant_Slurpee,It's basically turn-based Diablo 2.10/10
76561198001302210,Recommended,259680,18674764,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sjonnie,"Увлекательные и heartpounding битвы с боссами .Великолепный кусок программного обеспечения , настоящий шедевр для мастер- ПК гонке ."
,Recommended,259680,18689529,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"It is as good as folks are saying. Fun, deep, and difficult. Not the type of difficult that enrages or frustrates; ToME is the type of difficult that makes playing interesting but tense. A rich, deep, dense, old school RPG world that rewards the time you spend in it. Pretty by today's standards, no, but ToME has it's own aesthetic that harkens back to the golden age of video RPGs and the underpinning design is fresh, but still true to it's roots. This, in itself makes it a unique game here on Steam. Not hip. Not genre-BREAKING, but genre-DEFINING. A BIG game but a welcoming one.If you even THINK you might like this game, get it. It's a true open-source, community-driven labor of love and it deserves a bit of your time. It will pay you back in spades. Enjoy!"
76561197977330447,Recommended,259680,18548020,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Daemonjax,"This game is more than just a SOLID roguelike -- it's also a pretty damn close to being a cRPG because of the turn-based combat, immersive story elements, and character-building.  The popular user-defined steam tags for this game are 100% spot on.Don't let the game title or graphics put you off. I think the title is too silly for a game this good.Don't listen to people who say this game is too hard -- there's multiple difficulty levels and modes -- one of the modes makes it just like Diablo 1 in terms of difficulty (exploration mode).Exploration mode -- there's no fail state (think of the Diablo series).  It literally can't be too hard in this mode.Adventure mode  -- The perfect compromise.  You start with one life, and get a handful more as you level.  Death still sucks, but it's not too bad.  When you die, the game is telling you to Get Good -- It's not just because you didn't pray to RNGesus enough.  I think the game is balance tuned to this mode for normal human beings.Roguelike -- One life.  It's Ironman mode in a game balanced for multiple lives -- without the ability to grind in increase survivability (think Diablo).  So, you need a _very deep_ understanding of the game mechanics to succeed in this mode.  Like, looking at the code deep -- or at least benefiting from the knowledge of others who have, in some way.  Not that the game is totally unfair.  It's pretty damn fair.  But there are things in this game that will most likely result in your death if you're unprepared, and there's no way to know to prepare for them without having encountered it before.  In many cases, you do get very good hints about this through the ingame Lore/Story bits you find -- but not always.  That's my impression, anyways.The above modes are on top of additional difficulty settings, so it's rather fine-tunable (I started playing on Normal-Adventurer, and I'm still playing in that mode at 100 hours /played -- and I haven't beaten the game yet).High points as I think of them:Gameplay is amazing.Itemization is top-notch.Class ability balance is pretty damn good -- most games I feel like I'm beta testing class balance, but not here.There's an actual story, and there are immersive pieces of lore that you find that are well-written.Extremely moddable, but not in a ""bad"" way like some games where you'd need to spend 100's of hours modding before you start playing (I'm looking at you, Fallout 3 and Skyrim.  Morrowind would be in the same boat, but it gets a pass from me because that game has style).Loving the Z key.Escort missions are brilliant.The Devs removed the grind for consumables -- which is one of the major departures from classic rogue games.The Rogue class is fun as hell for me.You can tell that the Devs are true gamers -- what is optimal is also often enough the most fun way to play.  I get the impression that this is not merely serendipitous.After/If you beat the game, you can take your character into a true infinite dungeon to see how far you get.  That sounds pretty awesome, even though I haven't done it yet.Helpful ingame chat (you can link items into it, and there's an ingame browser).The only downside is the graphics.  They could be better, and with how moddable the game is, I'm actually pretty surprised it's not already.  There's a certain amount of charm to them, but it's not like Fallout 1 level charm -- but then again the only game that comes close to that (or exceeds in some aspects) is Diablo 2, so I'm being a bit unfair.  There is a DLC for like $1 that does improve the UI graphics some, and I think it's worth getting.I could improve the graphics substantially and release it as a mod, but I'm too busy playing -- it's that good.  Mayber everyone feels the same way.Get this game because it's great.Get the DLCs to support the DevsI'd rate this 9.9/10 if the price was irrelevant.  At its current price, it's an honest 11/10 ((before you say anything: YES I know).TLDR: It's great.  This game deserves to be more popular than it already is.  The Devs deserve your money."
,Recommended,259680,18514130,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Raistlinice,"You make a basic character and class from the limited selection available to you. 2/3rds of the other possibilites are locked, but you hope you will eventually acquire them with time and diligence. You start your playthrough on the easiest difficulty. You die a lot, but you slowly learn the ropes.You start over, this time with a more refined build. You begin to learn the dungeon order. You move faster and die less. The challenge is gone, and you move up to the next difficulty.It's a different game. You lose within an hour. You try again. This time you don't even get through the first level. You re-learn the game, and slowly improve. Your build is more refined. You become more cautious, more perceptive, and you start to make real progress. After numerous do overs and deaths, you finally surpass your prior characters. You're in uncharted territory. Your first bout with the final bosses ends in seconds with your champion in pieces with your honor. And so you start again. You progress, you die, you repeat. You start over a lot, but each character gets further than the last.Finally, after many gruelling hours, you have beaten the bosses and won! Your palms are sweatng, your knees feel weak, and you feel so elated you could fly.You move up to the next difficulty. You lose within moments. You re-learn the game, and you do it all again.You beat the bosses on this difficulty. You know the ins and outs of this characer so well you could write an encyclopedia. So you start a totally new character, with some of the new races and classes you have unlocked. You start on the easiest difficulty and lose within seconds.So you do it all over again."
,Recommended,259680,18491536,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Smultron,"Not a bad game, but the difficulty is all over the place, the sign of a quite poorly balanced game in my opinion. The rng is just out of this world in this game, but I guess that's kinda to be expected from a ""roguelike"" such as this. It's good fun if you don't mind dying all the time just to ""learn"" things and then get screwed over by random rare encounters(and bosses can be random as well). I've only played this game on the roguelike setting, so I can't really comment on the easier difficulties but I'm sure they're not too bad since you can afford dying playing them.I really haven't played that game that much, not sure what it clocks in on currently. Would I recommend this game? yes and no. I do like the game but the rng and difficulty swings really annoys me. However It's a small game, I love the graphic style, it's quite simplistic and it can be fun to die at times.But be warned, it is a hard game and yes it will frustrate the hell out of you at times."
,Recommended,259680,8045867,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,GiraffeTamer,"Holy carp, why aren't you playing this right now?"
,Recommended,259680,8032520,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ｍｅｌｏｎ　Ｓｏｄａ,"ToME is what roguelikes should aspire to be. It's enormously complete, with tons of content, creative and an absolute bundle of fun. Although the graphics may seem primitive, the enormous, randomly generated gameworld and quests are easily going to give you a run for your money. The progression system is fair, and allows you to learn the game before giving you access to more complex, tactically challenging classes. Easily one of my favorite releases this year."
76561197967457834,Recommended,259680,8034876,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SteveFromSpearSquad,This is a damn good roguelike.
,Recommended,259680,8036796,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Light,"Fantastic roguelike game, with tons of classes, races, and things to discover."
,Recommended,259680,8037124,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,reddog00,If you want to play a pretty cool roguelike game then this one is pretty darn cool.  I love to sit down and play it when I am not in the mood for anything else! :)
,Recommended,259680,8044169,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Burzz,"My absolute favorite roguelike. And thats saying a lot, because i've played just about all of them. ToME is deep and completely packed with content, and without some of the typical roguelike mechanics such as hunger, has a much more fast paced and exciting form of tactical gameplay. I've probably logged hundreds of hours into this game over the past two years or so; at the price requested, it's a steal."
76561198019271689,Recommended,259680,13142747,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Callin,Very enjoyable Roguelike. It doesn't have zillions of commands so it's relatively easy to learn. If you play on a laptop expect to do a lot of key remapping at first. The graphics are nice.
76561198038132735,Recommended,259680,13277462,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,yrrahoyamon,"Do yourself a favor... get this game.- deep character development (levels, skills, attributes to the wazzooo)- items (weapons, armors, gadgets to the waaaaazoooooo)- challenging but fair (you will die from time to time, but it never felt unfair)- fantastic replay value (so many race / class combinations to try... each of them interesting... unlockables for challange)- polite community (when u stuck,,, just hit space and type your question...someone will help you on)- did i mention replay value (ok, some mega-corruptor-resistant-to-all-i-got geeked me on my last run... so now i try THIS fancy build  and hand him his a$$ when i meet him next run. oh no! theres another illuminous-horror-ranged-damage-laugh-at-your-sword... and so on... but im gonna beat this game, if its the last thing i do on this planet)- the game is really well balanced- there is tons of fantastic text and lore in this game (that you dont have to read at all, if you dont like reading)... someone has put a lot of love and talent into this... every freaking sword you stumble across comes with a name like Cornull the Vorpal Wagranizer or whatever... and there is so much background information on the world youre in (that you can completly ignore if you are more like bashing through hordes of monsters and grabbing their loot... its background,,, if you want it it is there, but you dont have to)if you like rogue-likes youre prbbly like this oneif you havent played one before: try this onedont forget to go to spend time with your family once TOME caught you"
,Recommended,259680,13117366,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,panicattack,One of the Best Roguelike
,Recommended,259680,13105279,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,CallToPower,One of the best RPG roguelikes out there.
76561197970597310,Recommended,259680,13987931,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Chaosegg,"Nethack, Exile 3 (spiderweb), and D&D had a baby.  This child is a fine looking honey-pants.  Buy her. Play with her. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,259680,14009427,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BlackCobra,Top Game!You cannot do anything wrong with buying it!
,Recommended,259680,14321441,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Meep,"This game is the most rewarding roguelike I've played in quite some time.  It combines many beautifully nostalgic concepts from rpgs from the good old days.  Talents and ""feats"" and stats will all be very familiar to the bearded rpg appreciators and  can be picked up quickly by any newcomers that might happen upon this game.  All the traits and talents and character stats all have very in-depth write-ups when you mousover them, and since the game is true to the turn-based concept, you can truly play at your own pace.This game comes closest to the feel of that old game I spent so many hours on back in the days of ""shareware"", Castle of the Winds.  I personally have been looking for a game that brought that wholesome turn-based, warm, fuzzy feeling in my gutty wuts for the better part of two decades, and it would seem that I have found exactly that.There is some kind of patch/crack/thing that can unlock all the races and classes without having to earn them properly, but I haven't implemented it yet after however many hours I've played, and I don't think I'd enjoy the game more without having to earn the unlocks.  Get the DLC.I can't recommend this game highly enough.  Pour in the hours.  Keep em coming.  Drink deep.  This is a gem."
,Recommended,259680,14287896,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Spectrum,"Score: 4.5 / 5.0+ Immersive world, lots of class combinations and unlockables+ Tons of dungeons and enemies+ Cheap and deep- Pixelated graphics may turn off some players- LOTS of inventory management required alongside the general tactical combat- You will die. Alot."
,Recommended,259680,14247294,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Belbo,Best Rougelike evar
,Recommended,259680,14022315,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Pheanial the Phabulous,"If anyone remembers the old school game Nethack, this is that game but good. Extremely in depth character creation, lots of races and classes. I highly recommend this game if you liked Nethack."
,Recommended,259680,14346290,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dernium,"Absolutely great game, really brings alot to offer for a turn-based Rogue-like adventure.Several of my favorite features include the ability to unlock different races/classes, depth and diversity of artifacts, and the satisfaction of clearing another dungeon dispite the boss and other traps held in store. These make playthroughs similar enough to not have to read every ability twice before even starting the character, yet different enough that finding a new artifact that you never have seen before in 50+ playthoughs gives great joy."
76561198051220038,Recommended,259680,14317125,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,frags138,"Looking for a game to lose hours upon hours with?  Well, here's TOME.  Say goodbye to everything you know about real life."
,Recommended,259680,13481124,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lore,"A nice, easy to get into rouglike with a good tutorial, perfect for beginners, but with enough content to appease any hardcore fan of roguelikes.Tons of mod support, and also completely free onte4.org."
76561198078329988,Recommended,259680,13454868,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Double Atari,"The creation of a game with this level of depth by a team of so few developers highly suggests the use of dark magic in it's production. While I can't condone the use of unholy rituals or the bartering of souls in the process of game development, I can attest to the quality of it's end result. If the sacrifice of livestock, possible human bloodletting and the almost-certain progression towards an Earth ruled over by an unstoppable and immortal Dark Overlord results in games of this quality, I say it's high time for more devs to put on their black and crimson cloaks, sharpen up the daggers, and get to work."
76561198005609023,Recommended,259680,10111813,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,gokengt,"At first I thought this was just another odd indie RPG, but than I played it more an more and before I knew it 3 hours had passed...  ToME is an amazing game if you are into Rogue-likes as I am.  I love being able to pick a Race along with my Class and this game has MANY to choose from and the fun part about it is that there is a lot to unlock!  Dungeons are generated randomly and that means monsters too!  I have died about 3 or 4 times with a single character and not had the same dungeon setup once.  It really keeps it interesting AND challenging.  The only bad thing I can really say is that the graphics are VERY simple.  This is quickly becomming one of my favorite RPG's ever!"
76561198052851996,Recommended,259680,10330620,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,quiet gamer,"I got Tales of Maj'Eyal on sale when I noticed Dungeons of Dredmor wouldn't work on my more portable computer past a certain floor, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I've enjoyed this little game, there's really a wide selection of power sources in this game, from your typical mages and druids to manipulation of space and time. It took me a little while to get into It but I've really liked this one"
,Recommended,259680,9908622,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,DS,"Tales of Maj'Eyal is a very rewarding Roguelike game.  Before you buy the game, though, you should consider whether the Roguelike genre appeals to you because this game is not a typical dungeon crawling RPG like Diablo II.  It seems that most of the negative reviews for this game have come from players who failed to consider their purchase.The basic premise of a Roguelike game is randomly or semi-randomly generated dungeons with randomly generated monsters and randomly generated loot.  Luck is an integral part of the Roguelike genre, and most of them allow you only one life.  Skilled players can work with what they're given to create a powerful character, and get through very challenging randomly generated rooms/bosses/dungeons/etc.  Less skilled players might find that they die.  Often.  Tales of Maj'Eyal is unusually 'fair' for a Roguelike game, but you shouldn't mistake that to mean that it's easy, because it isn't easy at all.  It gives you extra lives, and most of the time the monsters are beatable for your level (even if they say that they're a much higher level).  The game even warns you when you're about to open a special room (rooms that often times have very numerous and/or difficult and/or high level monsters) or treasure chest (which usually spawns enemies).  Occasionally you'll run into a very difficult pack of mobs or a difficult boss, and if you lose all of your lives, then you die.  That's life, and that's how the Roguelike genre works.  Hopefully you unlocked something to explore for your next playthrough.The appeal of this game is that there is a LOT of stuff to unlock.  You'll find yourself accidentally unlocking new classes, races, and even game modes all the time, unless you're using an unlockables guide, in which case you probably aren't having as much fun as you could be having!  There's also a great amount of class diversity, tons of classes, and even lots of depth within each class.  As a bonus, the game features a really cool world to explore and learn about.  There isn't so much of a 'storyline' but there is really a lot of lore to learn, and there are many things to discover about the current shape of the world, past events, and even letters and such from random adventurers or random people that give insight on a particular dungeon or event.  If you're anything like me, then you'll love that part of the game, but if you're one of those people who never read anything in a game, ever, then that's fine too because you can easily skip lore popups and keep playing.  If these things sound appealing to you, then great, you'll love the game.  If the Roguelike premise doesn't sound very appealing, then you may want to look elsewhere, but don't buy the game and then make a negative review if you can't even get past the first level (also here's a tip: don't play a Shalore on your first playthrough because they have a very difficult starting zone... I suspect that people who found the first level to be 'impossible' probably played a Shalore).The UI definitely has its shortcomings, which is probably the worst thing about the game, but all-in-all I think it's a very impressive game for having been designed by one person, and well worth your 7 dollars to buy.  Also you can play it for free atte4.org, so if you're on the fence about whether to purchase it, feel free to play for, well, free."
76561198003822597,Recommended,259680,9405872,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,bukkake funeral,excellent roguelike.
76561197997796219,Recommended,259680,9406253,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Tasseographer,"One of the best rogue-likes out there.  The use of a reliable overworld/quest/progression structure keeps the game more engaging and varied than most, and the fact that most character options are unlocked in a cool way keeps me coming back.  Years of experimentation with game mechanics, item generation, and in-game lore has made a really unique world that streamlines a bunch of the more stressful elements of roguelikes (one-use items, for example) into more fun and friendly systems.I still have never made it more than halfway through the campaign before using up all my extra lives."
76561198012219244,Recommended,259680,9406496,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,thaddr,This game is amazingly entertaining for the price. It really does a great job of capturing all of the best parts of Rogue and fixing all of the worst parts. I would highly recommend it as a good value.
,Recommended,259680,11610927,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Mijin,This is truly an amazing roguelike and probably my favorite of all time. I give this game a 10/10 It's very good.
,Recommended,259680,11632314,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,A Meat,"ToME, in my opinion, is what combat-focused turn-based roguelikes ought to aspire to be since it has all the following (and more!):-intuitive control scheme and ability to solely control the game with a mouse.-many, many interesting classes, most of which can play very differently depending on how choose to build them.-easy inventory management (throw all your potions and scrolls away!)-great enemy variety, further made interesting by rare enemies that have skills seemingly beyond their scope of ability (that bone giant did just smite you with the power of the sun).-excellent random loot generation system that makes other RPGs jealous.-different difficulty and lives settings for players of different experience and skill levels.-very extensive mod support, with some interesting mods that change up the game already in existence.-a usually helpful in-game chat.-fairly frequent and very substantial updates that keep classes interesting.-basically infinite replayability.I've beaten this game more than ten times and yet I still keep coming back to it every once in a while and get hooked all over again, every time.In conclusion, buy ToME, enter a dragon's dream and kill it with your mind rays."
,Recommended,259680,11745176,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,starbane,182 hours. Best $6 I ever spent?
,Recommended,259680,11683130,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Pandemon1c,Super fun and challenging. I want to put so much more time into this. Thank you DarkGod for punishing me and enjoy the tears from the characters I've lost and the many more I will lose.
,Recommended,259680,11667024,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,kierin,"Bought this game on a whim. I normally don't enjoy roguelikes too much, but as this was on sale I decided just to go for it. I'm very glad I did. I've enjoyed the short time I've had with this game a ton. Combat is very simple and fun, although there is a ton of strategy in movement and your abilities. There are a lot of classes and races from the get go, and there are probably just as many that you can unlock. Game is also fairly simple to understand.It also does many small things well that you don't often see. Wearing different equipment actually changes your characters appearance, item variety is quite impressive, so on and so forth.If you're scared of the difficulty of a roguelike there are also options to give you more/unlimited lives, as well as difficulty settings, so you can ease yourself in if you wish.Right now it's a 9/10, will update as I get farther into the game."
,Recommended,259680,11667577,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,rockandrolljew,Its like an old school pen and paper D&D. You can choose between having limited lives and a true rogue playthrough and I love how you unlock new classes/races by playing through the game. This will likely consume a good chunk of my spare time
,Recommended,259680,19699355,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Strider,Great
,Recommended,259680,19315786,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Africa Corpse,Finally a roguelike that does not sacrifice complexity in the search for an inviting user interface. A hard old school roguelike with a new school shell.
,Recommended,259680,19430047,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,villow12,This game is amazing
,Recommended,259680,19452635,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Nahz,The best game ever made.
76561197993127748,Recommended,259680,19413769,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jostail,"One of the best RPG roguelike i ever played.Tired of cheesy games? get TOME and face a real challenge with deep character building. Tons of content, lore, items, races...you will be coming back again to this game over and over."
76561198094168729,Recommended,259680,18356951,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kyssar,"Playing for 7 hours in a row. Please help me!Oh, stop.There's another level up! Leave me alone! I need to play!"
,Recommended,259680,19219042,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,o4zloiroman,"The best rougelike there is, no argue about that."
76561198167613087,Recommended,259680,20901388,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,lordvahk97,"Basically one of the best games I've ever played gameplay-wise and community wise. I have about 800 hours into this game (500-600 of which were before I decided to purchase it on steam) and it generally doesn't get old at all. In my opinion, it is overall the best roguelike on the market by a pretty big margain. Also has the least toxic community in a game I've seen for a long time, to the point where people buy DLC for strangers in chat on occasion.If you like roguelikes, buy this game RIGHT NOW. You won't regret it, trust me."
,Recommended,259680,21297552,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,dezukan,there is never not anything to do in this game.
,Recommended,259680,21144955,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,cG.vahnn,"I haven't played this game for a few years, back when it was still fully ascii. The new graphical tilesets for absolutely everything in game are fantastic and do a great job of creating a world, as well as the various people and monsters. Also a great selection of avatars for a unique feel to your own character. There are options for unlimited and limited respawn modes as well as the traditional single-life permadeath mode that older players are used to, as well as three different difficulty levels, so the game's as hard as you want it to be.If you're a fan of roguelikes, you can't go wrong with ToME.If you can still get it on sale, the DLC is worth it. The new Doombringer class is super fun. He can wade into groups of enemies while debuffing and burning them all and consuming said debuffs to gain shields and health. It's a total blast to play."
,Recommended,259680,21218003,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Prurist,"When you tell a child to get off your lawn, you'd hope they'd listen, right? Well, in this game you don't have to hope. You just kill the child. 10/10."
,Recommended,259680,26926353,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squirreltap,"Been sitting in my library for a while. I was surprised at how much I 've grown to love this game. There is so much replayability. If you're one who likes to min-max and try out different builds, this definitely caters to that kind of playstyle. This is not a perfect game by any means, I didn't like the default HUD for example. If you've read through the reviews, there are gripes here and there ranging from trivial to significant game elements.  Certain things, like the HUD, are customizable however. Mod support is also available to suit your personal needs."
,Recommended,259680,11628213,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Spiral,"One of the most competent, well developed games I've had the pleasure to play.It has a well realised world, huge class depth and variety (with a bounty of class/race unlocks), and a punishing dungeon system that rarely makes you shake your head at the game design instead of your own mistakes. Permadeath in such a world is a rewarding experience. It challenges the player to be better, learn and achieve what at first seemed beyond reach. The RPG elements adds a breath of fresh air to the roguelike genre, allowing both cookie cutter and more exploratory builds to achieve hard won, weary glory.A special mention should go to the lore and world building. No large, tired, trope laden exposition exists here. Instead the world is littered with lore and item lore that slowly builds up a far greater picture through multiple playthroughs of a living, damaged world."
76561198004005738,Recommended,259680,27006345,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CDT | Froggy,"Low on the graphics, but high on content, especially for the price. If you like randomized loot and micro-managing character stats and abilities, this is a great game for you."
,Recommended,259680,26804499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PCwarlord,An awesome game with loads of content and many more hours of gaming to go !
,Recommended,259680,26769107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Skeltal,amazing game!
76561198003003967,Recommended,259680,26780443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Croyd_Crenson,"This is still the best Roguelike I've played. Yes, its not a classic and no, it does not use ASCII graphics. But in the end of the day, I want be challanged by a game while it is still fun to play. This game does just that."
,Recommended,259680,27853521,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blastechulous,This a grate game good beter than most minny of dose crap AAA game I play sontimes peepol. Think you for my English so good.
76561198040676891,Recommended,259680,27652739,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JacksonTriggs,"Help! I'm trapped! This game has too much depth and things to do in it, despite the tileset graphics appearance! I can't break free!"
76561198105627837,Recommended,259680,27671636,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Endangered Spycrab,"If I was asked to explain why I play TOME so much, I wouldn't be able to use any of my reasons to convince someone to purchase it.This game is one of the best RPGs out there, period. This is offset, of course, by the fact that it's about as forgiving and accessible as a brick wall. With spikes on it. And it's somehow firing a steam gun at you.This is a game that almost kneecaps itself at every turn, in my opinion, only just barely getting good quality out of an idea that could have easily left this game yet another greyed out title on my library.It's a massive game, sporting over a thousand bloody achievements, but you'll be suffering from roughly twelve types of PTSD by the time you get through the first batch of dungeons and actually start the story.There's a massive amount of variety between god knows how many classes that are available, but they'll all probably die the same way.There's a never ending slew of new sights to see and enemies to fight, but every one of them will probably either lead you to or be followed by a gruesome death.This all being because, as the game so proudly states, it's a roguelike. And as a roguelike it's just about the worst made game I've ever played. Don't take that the wrong way, the game is great, but it's roguelike elements sell it short in places. To justify this, before I am impaled by a billion pitch forks, I'll remind you of FTL, faster than light. By all accounts, a great game. But FTLs biggest shortcoming was its final boss, which required near perfect planning and exceptional luck to beat, and when you lost, as it was whenever you lost, you were sent back to the start of this fairly long game.FTLs permanent death did no poor job of making you value your ship, and the game was just short enough to make it tolerable. This mentality has been taken in TOME and turned up to seven billion. You could complete a run of FTL in the time it takes you to get through the first batch of dungeons in this game, and the threat of losing it all doesn't get any smaller as you go on.Well, that's not entirely true. The default difficulty for TOME gives you a handful of lives to play around with, you can of course turn it up to true roguelike, but I'm fairly sure that was meant as a joke. However, the lives system does not take away from the fact that you, unless you're amazing at this game, are going to die from something out of your control at least once. And by ""at least"" I mean if you have the blood of a leprechaun in your veins and are blessed with uncanny luck. The rest of us are going to be suffering a lot more than thatThat brings me neatly onto the most glaring turn off from this game. It's villain. You see, this villain, is not a character that you meet, nor is it a magical force, nor a force of nature. It is a concept, and it is always with you, breathing down your neck, plotting its next attack, ready to steal yet another life away from you without warning, nor mercy.This villain, is the RNG.For you will spend your time in this game preparing for when next the RNG will strike. You will hesitate as you assign level up points to consider ""Will this help me survive when the RNG strikes?"", you will creep around each and every corner, terrified that around it, the RNG will be lying in wait, ready to put all your talents on cooldown, poison you, and chop off half your health all in a single turn. The RNG is your worst, and only enemy, for the enemies that are not affected by it, you shall slaughter in the thousands, you will be prepared for each and every boss that you encounter, through hours of rigorous training, but you can never be fully ready for the minions of the RNG.In all seriousness, I cannot remember the last time I died in this game to a boss that I fought poorly, or a talent that I used carelessly. I have, however, lost count of how many times I have died to elite wolves with steamguns, to gelatanious cubes with lightning magic, to the boss of the level spawning literally a square away from the level entrance. The game is difficult, but when the RNG bears its teeth in the worst possible way, there isn't much you can do except backpedal to the level entrance and go level some more in a different dungeon, and that's if the poison doesn't get you, because it is always poison.In short, purchase this game, that's an order. But expect to be a different man/woman/other by the time you've completed it, mainly because your hair will have gone white and you may have aged a few years. It's not impossible, and I'm slowly learning the ways of this horrifyingly difficult world, but I expect to be doing so for a while."
76561197962913143,Recommended,259680,27851063,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blade25,One of the best rogue like games out there! Multiple race/class/build combinations to play through. A system in place to chat with other players in game if you need help or just to socialize. Tons of lore and world building also in this game.
,Recommended,259680,28002821,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Mr. Harven, China Co",This game is simple yet complex and it blows my mind at how creative it is. It is bloody brilliant and I look forward to all of the new content!
,Recommended,259680,28014717,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Nos ""Noooo!"" Man","Great game. Difficult to learn and hard to master but once you do, it is a very rewarding experience. Large amount of depth with skill trees, progression, enemies, bosses, etc. Lot of unlocks for replayability, even more so with the amount of builds per character. It is a rogue like, which seems to be trending these days, but unlike other roguelikes, you can turn it into an rpg with no penalty for dying, or turn up with difficulty and allow no deaths. Be prepared to spend first few runs learning the feel of the game, determining what is good/bad, and most importantly what playstyle is going to be most effective with whatever build you go for. Cursed Cornac ftw!"
,Recommended,259680,25056107,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,noizeknight,love the game (addictive) but cannot get it to play recently because of some LUA error when i try to start a new game. have not got any support on a fix so i won't pay for more dlC till then sorry.
,Recommended,259680,24941774,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Salvia Hardon,"Hundreds upon hundreds of hours of roguelike content.ToME4 distinguishes itself from other roguelikes by having classes with massive skill lists to increase the number of tactical options in combat. Even the warrior classes typically spend more time deciding which skill to use rather than just hacking away.But the genre isn't for everyone. Lots of people will run into deaths that they felt were completely unfair and not recognize that there were things they should've done with their equipment setup hours earlier in the run. ToME is really bad at teaching people what they did wrong, I'll give it that.So, if you're new to the genre, I highly recommend you download the almost entirely feature complete free version fromte4.org"
,Recommended,259680,22561794,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,swalottt,you die a lot
76561198018288322,Recommended,259680,23920240,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Atlar,"Best game on steam.Stands tall among the major roguelikes like Nethack, ADOM, DC:SS."
,Recommended,259680,21445967,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,IceBear310🔥,"i ♥♥♥♥ing died in the first 5 minutes, ♥♥♥♥ this game9/11"
,Recommended,259680,26374727,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ZiEiTiA,"Absolutely great game - if anyone is not sure about getting it I would advise going for it!!   Deep gameplay, lots of relplayability - would be happy to pay alot more than £4 for it!!5/5 star :)"
76561198010451831,Recommended,259680,26078336,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,oldschooldragoons,"Love this game to death. It's easy to pick up, but will take hundreds of hours to master. There's tons of complexity, tons of options and hidden little secrets as you play through again and again. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,259680,26311495,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Slyguy,"By far one of the best roguelikes out there.Well over 300h and countless games and characters played, I still feel that I've barely scratched the surface of all that the game has to offer. The character building possibilities (plenty race/class combinations to choose from, and for each at the very least 2 viable different ways to play, usually more) seem endless, the lore is amazing, the sheer amount of non-useless loot will have you constantly hunting for more...Yes the graphics and animations are very old school but this you can see from the videos and pictures and if this is enough for you to rebuke the game, you will not read my review anyway. I care about gameplay and this game is so deep and well crafted in this regard that I cannot stop playing it. Besides I'm very happy that I can run this game on a potato.On top of this all, the developer DarkGod is great, listens to the community and regularly updates the game and the community is amazing, both very helpful on IRC and the Forum but also helping design new classes, weapons and skilltrees.For a game that brought me so many hours of fun, such a low price is truly a steal."
76561198011773851,Recommended,259680,15749359,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Doggieman,best of the modern roguelike!  great for new and old rl players
,Recommended,259680,15484535,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,KamikaziFly,"Fun seemingly simple rpg.It seems if you like hard or easy rpg games, this game accomadates you easily.The further you achieve with a character before it dies, will unlock further stuff for your next character. For instance: I killed a certain boss character, and it gave me a transmorgrification box for the rest of my plays. Another example is that when I reached level 10 (i think), it unlocked a new character class for my next characters.It had me playing for hours, and still wanting to come back and play some more."
76561198041978243,Recommended,259680,15484584,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Augster137,"This game is a masterpiece. The game is incredibly fun, has many different possible playstyles, builds, classes, races, modes, and an incredibly high replay value. The story is great, the art is great, the gameplay is great, the music is great, this game is great all around! If you like any roguelike, specifically any tile based roguelike, you are going to really enjoy this game. It's not even that expensive of a game! Support the creators of this game and go get it! Watch out, though. This game can get difficult."
76561198023592763,Recommended,259680,8776758,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,bfons86,"Massive amount of content. Tons of unlockables. Great character customization. Immensely strategic turn based combat. Retro graphics. Fans of classic games like Exile and Avernum will enjoy this game immensley. Permadeth mode best of all!So after a year of playing and almost 200 hours put into the game, I feel secure adding some more comments about the game. I can say, hands down, that this game is AMAZING! There is an unbelievable amount of content and lore that only keeps growing due to an active modding community and DLC from Dark God. I'm still discovering new, unexplored, areas of the game. I haven't even unlocked all the character creation paths yet. Best of all is the difficulty of this game. Any boss encounter will prove to be a challange, every encounter will become one if you raise the difficulty at all. One word of warning, this game is ADDICTIVE. I literally haven't been able to put it down since the DLC was released. Each class feels completely different. The only true drawback of the game is it's UI. At times the interface can be difficult. Some actions, escpecially in the inventory, take to many key strokes to accomplish. The menu hot keys are oddly selected too. Item information is displayed in a pretty hard to look at format. It seems the game's interface was designed with the keyboard in mind and not the mouse. The item filters need to be more specific. Being able to view the items based on armor type or weapon class would be handy. The hotbars get pretty confusing torwards the end of the game, when your character starts having more abilities than theres convinient room on the hotbar. Two, or more, active hotbars could alleviate this a little. It definitely takes some getting used to to become adept at interfacing with the game efficiently. Overall though, I would give this game the highest marks on content, lore, gameplay, and challenge!"
,Recommended,259680,15838062,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,b0bje,"Out of all the games I own, I actually play this :-)(can be downloaded and played without steam!)You should buy this now!"
,Recommended,259680,15643668,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Majork,This is the best rogue-like i have ever played in my entire life.
76561197966557804,Recommended,259680,15781139,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Rabid Otter,"This game keeps me coming back for more.  While in some ways its mechanics remind me of a late 1980s or early 1990s CRPG, it still drags me back in with its rouge-lite set-up and large number of classes. Though I've not made it past level 6 yet, I know I will if I just play one more game..."
,Recommended,259680,14058887,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,beason4251,"I'm in a love/hate relationship with this game. I suppose that's the mark of an excellently crafted roguelike. Often when I die I'll want to exclaim how that was such bull puckey, that the game is unbalanced and it was totally unfair. That there wasn't any lesson I could have learned from dying that way. Yet somehow, I find I'm slowly getting an intuition about how to play the game. I play so that each time, I can get just a little bit further. That's the thing about roguelikes. They aren't about learning to play the game, and then playing it. You can't be said to know how to play the game until you've won.For a game I've never gotten past the first third despite having played it for over 70 hours, I can't really claim that the sameyness keeps me from playing. I don't feel stuck or feel the need to consult strategy guides; the process of learning in ToME is rewarding. It'd be awesome if levels had more variety and the worldmap was randomized, but I don't think that would make it more replayable."
,Recommended,259680,14086871,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Axtozob,I've spent more hours on ToME the past week than hours at work.♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,259680,20054345,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,"A very long time ago, i played Tales of Maj'Eyal back with thete4.orgwebsite. Today i found out how to put all the achievments i earned from there, into here.Don't play this game if you're an achievment hunter."
76561198206028628,Recommended,259680,21804906,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Prime_Paradox,"It took a little while for me to get into TOME but once I did, I really started to have a blast with it!The graphics are super simple which is totally fine since they're not everything. I actually think they give the game a cool nostalgic sort of look which is really cool.The gameplay is pretty strange at first (at least for me since this was my first true rogue like game) but once you start to understand, you realize how massive this game is and the many possibilities. The replayability is insane and the amount of classes you can unlock is epic.If you like rogue like games and rpgs, you can't miss this title. Don't let the graphics scare you off. This is a gem."
,Recommended,259680,21684536,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,nydel,"Updated Review. Tales of Maj'Eyal is the best game ever to exist. I feel like I've been looking for it my entire life. Then, when I find it, it's freaking free and open-source! There hasn't been such an essential game since, I don't know, Rogue or Nethack or whatever. I love you and I love ToME!What I originally wrote: One who has tried Tales of Maj'Eyal yet doesn't love it is one with whom I would not enjoy to have a drink."
76561198013328690,Recommended,259680,26026731,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,rasabt,"Been playing this game ever since the first release, just recently bought the steam-package:TOME is the best turnbased, rogue-rpg you gonna find till today. This game shows perfectly how not the size of a dev-team, but dedication and love for the own product makes quality. Thankfully over the years TOME also offers top(!) content and you can spend hundrets of hours in this world easily.TOME offers a massive character progression: leveling up (each level) offers so much possibilities for each class to grow the way you like -> with active, passive and sustained abilites synergizing with each other and complementing gear and attribute growth.After your first step a hughe open world awaits you, quests over quests, dungeons, woods, ruins, towns filled with shops and npcs...the only thing deciding what to do when is your own risk-awerness,; death is meaningfull, but never unwarrented and just the beginning of a new try to get even further.TOME lacks technicaly on first glance: yes animations are few, the 2D-design is rather minimalistic, but once you play a while you will see that it works, it ""fits"" all together. armor/weapons shows on your character ´, skills have visual-representation and the world/npcs look in place.The music in TOME is just amazing, beeing traveling the vast overworld map, diggin through an eerie dungeon or wandering to old woods; each track is rich in athmosphere and tone and i could listen to most of em even when not actualy playing the game. 10/10 here, easily one of the best soundtracks i`ve ever heard in one of these games.short: you like rpgs, rogue-likes, turnbased-gameplay, rich chardevelopment and a world to get lost in -> must buy."
,Recommended,259680,22909536,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[X]Guilhermera120,Why didn't I know of this game before?
76561198040023375,Recommended,259680,24521953,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,rhythmicSmasher,"I fought a minotaur, teleporting spider-things, melted humans, tornadoes, and far too many ogres. On my second or third run and still losing hours at a time wandering the dungeons of Maj'Eyal. Good game if you don't mind dying now and then."
,Recommended,259680,15992129,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ciabatta bread,See enemies through walls then stab them through the walls because ♥♥♥♥ walls.
76561198032773348,Recommended,259680,24449181,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rhyno,"Amazing-if-often-frustrating dungeon crawler:You will die.  A lot.  You'll quit.  And find yourself crawling back for more punishment.  You'll learn...  evolve...  progress...  Unkillable boss becomes hard to kill tyrant becomes minor road block along a path you know.  There is repetition, but with sufficient randomness to feel nostalgic rather than tedious.You'll unlock new styles, races, and classes.  You'll find aspects you enjoy, figure out how to master them, and learn coping and survival mechanisms for the diverse critters and situations.  You'll develop that spidey-sense that tells you ""hey, I'd better get out of here before I get in trouble, and regroup around a choke point"".I loved this.  I hated this.  I loved it.  I hated it.  I learned that I loved that I loved and hated it.  It's challenging but fair, with a helpful community and deep content.  If you don't require massive 3d immersive graphics, are patient enough to avoid throwing your keyboard, and are willing to devote hours to learning truly ""how to play"", this is a great, evolving product you won't regret your time spent on."
,Recommended,259680,27957297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"Just hit 100 hours, so basically I just started playing.I'm here to give you guys the down and dirty but I'll be back at 1000 hours to give a more detailed review. Fans of the genre need this in their inventory. It's very cheap and the expansion content isn't as necessary as other games so just grab the base game if price is a factor. This game could easily be priced at 3-4 times the amount that it's priced at and it would still be worth it based on the quality and the extreme amount of content that it has.Pros:1. The combat is insanely deep. While it is difficult for the inexperienced player even on normal level difficulty, it is always very fair.2. The amount of classes (and race combinations) in the game is ludicrous. They aren't like DCSS in which classes just dictate starting levels and items. Each class has skill trees to choose abilities from that have a huge impact on the way the character is played.3. There are several unique and rewarding mechanics, but I won't spoil them.4. Unlockables: Starting out with only a few options and then unlocking different races and classes feels very rewarding.5. You find lore on the ground and can read it to get the storyline of each dungeon and the Maj'Eyal itself. I don't read it personally but the ones I have read are well written and thought out.6. It has an actual soundtrack, attack, spell, and ability sounds that are all high quality.7. Mods: Classes, improved resting, exploring, etc.Cons:1. Some people consider the game easy. That being said, the game comes with multiple difficulties that increase to an almost unbeatable level. Playing on the hardest is nothing like playing on normal.2. Lives: not so much a con, but you can choose to play the game on or off roguelike. You can't unlock achievements or unlockables with unlimited lives, and you can't unlock roguelike level achievements with limited lives.3. I want to put bugs in here but I can't because I haven't run into any that weren't caused by mods. As it's an older game many of the mod creators haven't kept up with their mods."
,Recommended,259680,27992977,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Doc. Daryl FNxD,"This game is one of the most addicting in the store. It is a roguelike that fearues a very nice story and provides prizes in the form of permanent unlockables (when you die you can still use the item in the next characters). The DLCs are worth as they add a lot of content.I still need to finish this. Dying a lot.WARNING: this is a game for men, not for wimpy little kids."
76561198025001394,Recommended,259680,27966568,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jonybob,Amazing game which I have spent far too much time playing - each playthrough gives something different.Definitely a game for people who like crunching numbers on equipment and planning characters.
76561198012396826,Recommended,259680,27813365,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zogtavious,One of the best true rogue-likes.
76561198027312101,Recommended,259680,27964546,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Azalus Darkheart,Awesome roguelike game with a lot of depth.
,Recommended,259680,27400224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flæske,It's great
76561198050613307,Recommended,259680,27350435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cadaver Collector,"What time I spent with this game is - still - literally nothing. There is so much content, and so many possibilities, so many things to unlock that it can be fun for long, long hours, if not days, if not weeks even. Of course, in it's standard gameplay mode, it's a roguelike, and not even a roguelite, so you have to accept things like permadeath, turnbased combat, complicated items (sometimes too complicated for their own good - I mean how many preffixes and affixes can a hat name have?), RNG and punishing mechanics.Still, it's very much a game of risk vs reward and I think I can wholeheartedly tell you to give it a chance."
,Recommended,259680,27365350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zorgrox,"Absoultuely fantastic game, worth every single penny. If you like fairly indepth rougelikes, this game is for you."
76561198023532438,Recommended,259680,27340963,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Theberg,Great game! If your eyes can forgive the graphics that you are use to in this day and age and you don't mind dieing a few times dispite spending hours on a character then this is an rpg for you!
76561198003927683,Recommended,259680,27347231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chenzi,"One of those games that I really enjoy coming back to. There are so many options and so many different ways to play your characters that there's always something new to discover, or some new way to tackle old problems. The love that has gone into this game is evident."
,Recommended,259680,27347965,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cunning Elsa,"An amazing and well-done rogue-like, with huge amounts of replayability and content, and easy to use controls.Can be as hard as you want it to be with multiple different difficulties.Well worth the money to help the devs, so it can get even more content."
76561198022269277,Recommended,259680,27378622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,joseph.bogart,"I've played this game for well over three years, and have managed to beat it exactly twice.  It can be devastatingly challenging, but that is what makes it fun."
,Recommended,259680,27370610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Avox,"Brutal fun. if youre thinking about it, you need it."
,Recommended,259680,27264651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FDW Reaper,I have about 1000 hours in this game (got it before it was on steam) and still there is more stuf to find and more to do.
,Recommended,259680,27265008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shaanie,"The gold standard for modern roguelikes.The gameplay is varied depending on your class and even race. Each class have their own skills and passive abilities, and most classes can be played in several different ways depending on skill build.Generally, the core gameplay loop is exploring until you find enemies, asserting the situation and deciding which offensive/defense skills you want to use while making sure to keep an escape route ready. Combat is turn-based and somewhat similar to MMORPGs (lots of skills which use a resource such as mana and most skills have a cooldown).The UI is intuitive and accessible while remaining quite powerful, which means that unlike most roguelikes you won't have to learn strange key-combinations to perform simple tasks.Inventory management is relatively straight-forward, and instead of consumables players have access to cooldown-based items. No more stacking up on different potions and scrolls.The difficulty can be set according to your own taste and you can play both the classic 1 death = game over or have the ability to gain more lives as you level up."
76561198009129586,Recommended,259680,27283442,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Graysun,"This game is absolutely unforgiving but incredibly fun. The people in chat are very nice, Darkgod has random events that keep the game exciting just by being logged in at the right time (looking at you Bear Scape).The game has a lot of mechanics to it that I haven't even begun to understand the late part of the game. It's a fun adventure filled with lots of deaths and can only begin to imagine the sense of accomplishment once I eventually beat the game.This game has unexpected quests, interesting monsters, lots of character classes, abilities and equipment, and an unending amount of difficulty. Talk to people in chat for fill in the huge info game that the game has between the tutorial and actually playing the game."
,Recommended,259680,27651859,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,eat me,This game simply is amazing. Very addictive and fun to play.
,Recommended,259680,27922815,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tribal^Fire,"First I thought that this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥ played 5 hours, then another 5 hours...and another 5 and realized that have been playing a pixel game without any animated graphics for a loooong time. 10/10"
76561198028475875,Recommended,259680,27927319,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Crows,"- Large number of races, classes, and skills, as well as the ability to mix and match those skills after beating the game- Modular difficulty, useful when testing out new combinations- Significantly more worldbuilding than you'd expect from a typical roguelike- Cheap. Seriously, wow.- A friendly community headed by an involved developer and his army of chat moderators/file debuggers- A metric ton of modsThis is a roguelike worth purchasing."
76561197986998279,Recommended,259680,28551911,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Luck Mostly,"This game really suprised me.I'm a fan of fantasy and roguelike games, but initially nothing really stood out about Tales. The more I play though the more I realize that there is a lot going on in terms of the depth of play. If I made a game half as good as this I'd be pretty happy with myself."
76561197969092165,Recommended,259680,26995893,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kung Führer,"A great rogue-like if there ever was one. Perma-death, good difficulty, lots of options for race and class. Lots of items. Lots of fun."
76561198197371190,Recommended,259680,22746680,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Artem,"Doesn't work on mac -- all I get is a black screen after pressing ""New game""UPDATE: OK, there is a workaround -- after disabling Steam overlay the game starts and seems to work normally."
,Recommended,259680,12077761,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,"Pulled my trigger, now he's dead","+: One of the best roguelikes on the market - easily top 3 alongside Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup and ADOM for me personally. What makes TOME so great is the way it is designed allows it to be incredibly easy to get into for a beginner but still have enough depth and complexity for an advanced player, and unlike traditiational Roguelikes where you try to survive through one really big hard dungeon this has you survive through many mini-dungeons with an overworld map you can explore.+: Game mechanics are incredibly solid, stuff is for the most part well balanced and you can advance in the game well enough as any class really. It abandons the traditional roguelike mechanic of potion spam to heal and instead replaces it with a heal over time ability you can upgrade. There are no random deaths / mechanics that require you to have played the game already in order to know how to not die in this game either.+: Personally I think the game has one of the better loot systems for a roguelike, it's almost Action RPG-esque really.-: It's not really mentioned anywhere on the Steam page that this is normally a free game and the Steam version is just the donator version with Steam bonuses like Achievements & Workshop. By all means if you don't have the money for this game but are interested go download it on the official website. That said, I played the free version for a long time and finally donated when the Steam version came out since I wanted the steam benefits.-: If you don't play often you need to set Steam to not download updates automatically or else major updates can break your saves and you will lose progress. Rarely happens but it did happen to me and it does kind of suck.-: This is anincrediblyminor con here but the graphics aren't as good as other modern roguelikes like Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup. That said, if you really like roguelikes like I do graphics are probably one of the things you care about the least."
76561198082962870,Recommended,259680,22641796,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Goguryeo,CLICK THE ♥♥♥♥ERS TO DEAAAAATHHHHH!!!! *Clicks furiously.10/10 would click again.
,Recommended,259680,15552589,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Shit the bed,"To be honest I find Tales of Maj'Eyal the best of its genre. It ticks all the boxes for what a rogue-like should have and it is most certainly difficult. The best thing about it that I found it did better than others was how uncomplicated it was to play. Yes it is brutally hard, but the hotkeys weren't annoying to learn, mechanics aren't hard to pick up, I felt as if it was just a really easy game to physically play, even if I died non stop. It's like the perfect 'serious' roguelike for people new to the much more difficult titles in the genre; still hard and indepth, but much easier to play and get into. A game such as Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup is a similar title, that while could be considered arguably better, is much more difficult to get into, in my opinion.I recommend the adventure difficulty though, where you get lives at the start, there's a hell of a lot of content to experience in Tales of Maj'Eyal and playing with 1 life as a beginner, will usually get you murdered very fast. Adventure is a good middle ground as you still need to avoid dying as you have limited lives, but it is a bit more forgiving."
76561198116969996,Recommended,259680,22542001,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Caldizar The Master of Reality,Great rouge like. You can play as melee classes and wizard classes or a paradox mage and temporal warden working for the keepers of reallity or you can get mods and play as other races like beholders. Not only that but they're several OP classes in the game by default if you level them up and also mod classes like deathknight where you are pratically unkillable.If you don't like rouge likes then don't play.My only problem with it was that the chronomancer storyline was...well...almost two maybe three quests long. Hope the devs will make more quests for the chronomancer classes.
76561198134818671,Recommended,259680,30762723,Posted: 26 March,all,Rabid Wombat,You're either going to instantly rage quite or log off and find out you've spent over 200 hours on this game.
76561198069959842,Recommended,259680,24066006,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BlueAce417,Think I need to play more to write a review.
76561197962489233,Recommended,259680,24148071,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Zombielover369,Great game. Loads or replayabilty just on the base game and expansion. Then you thrown in the mods and you know have a game that can suck days away from your life.......
76561198063863033,Recommended,259680,20520638,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Popinfresh,"Tough as nails. loveable as a panda surrounded by Kittens and Puppies.Most importantly: it is fun.It will take a while to learn and master, and there will be anger and frustration at unfair (and percevied to be unfair) situations, but they make yo ua better player.The community is also pretty friendly and if you need advice just ask, so many generous and knowledgeble people.For those who enjoy achievment collecting, this game also fills that space extrmely well, with over one thousend to unlock.Speaking of unlocking things there are also numerous Races and Classes to unlock as well as some extra gamemodes.Mages for the win!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198030899618,Recommended,259680,28092379,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,jm1,"Classic Rouge/Angband Experience with a user friendly GUI. Superb gamplay. Difficult yet fair. Fun gameplay mechanics. Incredible balance. Great character class choices and top tier flexibility. There's always some new twist to consider for your next run through the game. Very high replay value.I started playing the second generation of this franchise nearly a decade ago and even then I'd rate it a solid compettitor to current AAA RPG Titles. From what I can tell, the Indy developer built it as a labor of love / hobby, and now makes a living developing it. Very well maintained with a great wiki, a very large active user base, and a helpful online community.The only downside is the lackluster graphics that do the job of communicating all the relevant information, but will never excite.Shareware! You can actually download the game for free athttp://te4.org/But I recommend paying the ~ 10 bucks for the game because the man's got to eat too you know. I probably got the most bang for my entertainment buck ever on this game."
76561198082777799,Recommended,259680,28015102,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mission Failed,"I've logged 200 hours in this game. Here are some statistics:Playtime: On the low end, all things considered.Quality of player: still pretty bad, even after all that time.Victories: 1 (on ""multiple-life"" mode, while following a guide to the letter)Enjoyment: Would play another 200 hours, and then another 200 after that, and after that..."
,Recommended,259680,18829554,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Pocgels,deep and cheap
76561197987103121,Recommended,259680,28735852,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Subterfudge,"Holy moly. This must be one of the best rogue-esque games I've ever partaken in. The classes offer wide replayability even tho the world map is static. It has a narrative that is actually enjoyable to make up for its linearity, something that is a bit of an oddity in this type of game. Has a decent presentation, albeit not not the greatest in comparison to its other modern peer titles, but better than alot of the ""hardcore"" types of its kind.Great amount of options on how you wish to play it. Play it classic with one life, or explore its story faster with a couple of extra lives. It still offers a bounty of ways to die very quickly to expend those extra lives if you are unprepared.As is a standard with these games, if you are persistant, power is plentiful, along with the amount of extraordinary circumstances you will find yourself in. Very rewarding even if one is under time constraints.You can travel through time and space in it. With that said, you can also dodge projectiles if your speed is high enough. I mean like see them in projection and move out of the way instead of relying on only a stat percentage. Wins a bunch of points right there in my book.Fantasy matrix for teh win. The important part is , when you make a character that succeeds, you actually feel feel acomplished. I feel that is the most important thing a rogue-esque game stands for. Accomplishment beyond odds and determent."
,Recommended,259680,29240539,Posted: 13 January,all,freestraws,"Aside from everything feeling a bit too... zoomed out, each run is pretty unique and every time i died (which was a looooot), i said oh just one more try, one more life, i know how to do it now!  And then it'd take a bit to ge tback to the same level i'd died as and maybe get a bit further.  One balancing complaint i have, is that some classes have much more easier access to healing mid-battle, especially going through the 1st and maybe second big fights."
76561198073000949,Recommended,259680,18686482,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,vambo,"My first review on Steam as well. I am going to say this first - if you like roguelikes, you will certainly like ToME. If you don't then you still might like ToME since it has a lower entry barrier than some other mainly ASCII based roguelikes like dungeon crawl, while not losing any of the depth.The graphics of course do not compare to the AA titles, but I think they are by no means bad looking, and the extremely enjoyable gameplay more than makes up for it. The replay value is amazing as well as the progression (unlocking new classes as you go, so you are not overwhelmed by the choices at first), the UI makes it easy to learn the game mechanics (hovering over the stats etc). And the lead developer listening to and interacting with the people of course adds a nice touch.Disclaimer: Not much hours played on this account, but I played a previous version of this game 10y ago and am very excited to see how it has developed, and I think I can grasp the magnitude of the game world and the amount of choices already.Give it a try!"
,Recommended,259680,27101511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CaffeineBomb,"Rogelike, indie, awesome, difficult and replayable like no others. It has a lot of classes and races and you will die before winning with all of them. Lots of different skills that will blow your mind. Which one to pick?I first saw this game on a ytb channel. The guy was doing a lets play and he kept saying all the time that the game was awesome. I thought: ""Huh, I wont play this. The game looks very ugly and seems very difficult""Then, one day I said: &quot♥♥♥♥♥it, Im gonna try it""Well, now it is my favourite game of all time. Every now and then Im like an addict."
,Recommended,259680,31479249,Posted: 30 April,all,Ethix,"10/10. Would buy it again. It's just that good. Besides, it's donationware/freemium-based. Well worth $7 just to recommend it on Steam."
76561198009949551,Recommended,259680,31929058,Posted: 23 May,all,Cereal Grapist,"Suprisingly deep combat, fantastic soundtrack. A myriad of ways to play.Absolutely worth the buy"
76561198095610678,Recommended,259680,28751777,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Greatot,Very solid rogue-like.
76561198008964408,Recommended,259680,31709280,Posted: 12 May,all,Sooner535{UFIP},"I think I finally have played enough to do a light review.ToME was a game when I first saw it on Steam I said not interested, it looked clunky, uninteresting, boring, etc. I had no want or need to play it and then quickly forgot about it being a thing. It wasn't until just two weeks ago I saw the video SplatterCat did on ToME that I began to look into it, and with a little amount of worry I bought into ToME. All I can say is this game and the community/developers behind it are some of the best in RPG gaming I have seen in awhile. Playing games as a High Elf Archmage, A Woodelf Druid, a Human Bulwark, A Dwarven Bulwark, A Ghoul Doomfinger, and so much more brought me huge enojyment and I have since then slaved away at being just the base game (about 10 runs in now). I look forward to beating the base campaign and trying out the Orcs campaign DLC and testing out new race and class options, the one thing this game is not short on is choices. I could see myself playing this game for 200+ hours and beyond thanks to the expansive options avaliable to me, if you love DF adventure mod, Path of Exile, or Divinity Original Sin you will enjoy this game.PLEASE NOTE:I use mods to play this game, specifically 2 class packs and a mod that lets me have a party instead of the 1 character (role playing my friends into the game) I do not pretend to be an expert or any good at any RPG, the only thing I am interested in is fun and these mods amplify that fun a lot for me.FINAL VERDICT:9/10I really wish the party gameplay was base game, that is literally my only complaint."
76561198006583839,Recommended,259680,33942369,Posted: 31 July,all,W+M1,Amazing game
,Recommended,259680,20656324,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Skeletor,Epic but hard!
76561198069969814,Recommended,259680,33843174,Posted: 27 July,all,restore,"Great game, yet not an easy one. No point to talk about graphics, you can see if you like it or not (or if you can endure it). Controls are also ok, especially auto-explore is a great addition. There are many characters to play ranging from easy ones like bulwark to those harder like time mages. Some mechanics are not easy to understand, especially whole theory of time manipulation and turn speed. Yet that is not needed with those easier classes.Only con are probably somehow repetitive  runs tru story campaign after, well, few hundrets hours when you know exactly the right path. Yet there is story datadisk, so ..."
76561198008498519,Recommended,259680,33985894,Posted: 2 August,all,Talok,"If you ever played the old Angband games or one of it's variants just get this game.  Period. One thumb up just isn't enough.Edit: There is ALOT of strategy involved, not just bumping into mobs.  Read everything."
,Recommended,259680,33718852,Posted: 22 July,all,expert on that topic,"This is like Elona+ meets Dungeon Crawl SS, but the lore is way more interesting then either game. Actually, one of the most interesting fantasy settings I've encountered so far.Also, gunslinger is soo awesome."
,Recommended,259680,35021988,Posted: 17 September,all,Unco Papa Bird,"I've only played for 7 hours, but in those 7 hours I had many adventures and learned a lot. The game is fantastic, and once I beat the base game I will look into the dlc!"
,Recommended,259680,35499526,Posted: 5 October,all,James French,"This game, is probably one of those games that you'll go ""is this even worth playing"" when you look at it from the store page... but honestly it's so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun it's unreal. the ""class"" system is so thought out and indepth that it's any dnd player's wet dream. 9/11 would accidentally challenge a god again"
