user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043960246,Recommended,259720,9000100,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Kasumi Tani,"Played this game before it came to Steam and love it through and through!There are visual novels with longer and deeper storylines, but Fading Heart managed to be more enjoyable than most of them; its characters are downright endearing, and the story is interesting with its share of twists and mysteries.Among things that makes Fading Hearts favorably stand out among other VNs is that it gives you a lot of actual choice, rather then deciding the route for you based on often- unobvious dialogue choice. For instance, most VNs require the player to focus on pursuing specific girl, often at expense of being cold or downright rude to other girls to avoid getting unwanted “points” with them. Fading Hearts recognizes that being nice to a girl doesn’t mean you are romantically interested in her, and ultimately places decision of who to pursue into your hands. It encourages supporting all your friends regardless of your romantic interest, which I find a refreshing change from many other VNs.Not to say that the plot can’t force something upon you, it sure can. But even when the choice is taken from you, it is the result of what you choose earlier – choose poorly!To sum it up, I fully recommend Fading Hearts to everyone who enjoys VNs. And for people not familiar with the genre, I’d say it is a good choice of the first VN if they want to try them out."
,Not Recommended,259720,14743188,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Cherry Crush,"The fact that you can be on multiple tracks at once, and the endings contradict each other is pretty upsetting.  So if you're on a track for a good ending with one of the girls, it is entirely possible at the last minute for your girlfriend to not speak to you for 3 weeks while another ending plays out, and for her to totally forget you guys were even going out, and for the game to tell you that you are in love with someone you haven't spoken to since the intro.  There are endings where you start a relationship with a girl.....who you have already been in a relationship with since March.  There are endings that contradict you discovering someone's ""secret identity"" and tell you that you have no idea who they are.  I swear, the game is great up until the endings but a VN that doesn't give you closure is like a horror game with bloom effects.  Completely playable but you constantly ask yourself ""why?"""
,Not Recommended,259720,11210888,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ace0fspad3s,"Before Fading Hearts i've played TONS of Visual Novels and Dating Sims. I knew nothing about Fading Hearts before I decided to pick it up not knowing what to expect. From the main store page it seemed interesting enough for the $10 I paid for it. I have to say, I was quite dissapointed to be frank.First I'm going to go over what I liked about the game. The gameplay was really interesting and fun, definitely felt more closer towards a Dating sim. You get stats you can raise by doing various activities throughout the day and the stats (usually) have some effect on the game, such as how much money you get and beating certain monsters in the forest. There is a combat system, though not very in-depth, was entertaining for the first few times. And the game strongly encourages and is ment to be played with multiple playthroughs for all the endings, even including some cute dialouge at the end of each playthrough that provide hints on what to do on your next one.One thing that interested me into buying the game was the ""Player-Active Storytelling! NPCs tries to manipulate you, the player!"" feature on the store page. I seriously did not feel this at all, in any of the playthroughs. I felt fully in control the entire time as with every dialogue option you can easily see what the consequences were and what path you were going to go down. The ""Players can actively manipulate story mechanics once they understand how they work."" was just a fancy way of saying choose A or B like you do in any other game/VN, nothing intuitive there.You get stats and other progress bars that you can raise that can influence your money income, and combat stats. It had very good potentional to be very good but in the end it was pointless. You honestly don't need money that much, the only time you really would need to spend money is on things to obtain even more money. You don't need to touch the system at all and can do very well without, theres no real benefit it was a waste of time. You can also choose to do various excercises and train magic spells as well for combat. However, to reach the ending that relied a bit on combat you didn't need to be very strong at all. Once you hit a certain threshold (which isn't very high) it was pointless and a waste of time. It would've been nice if they added something that required or rewarded spending more time on raising those stats.However, the thing that bothered me the most, is that the story was absolutely terrible. I definitely felt like it was more gameplay oriented storytelling than an actual story. Of course the story changes with your actions (as expected with multiple endings and such) but each time I was never satisfied. The climaxes to each ending felt very bland, and the actual endings were extremely cliche and predictable. The characters are REALLY flat and I'm not talking about their chests. They have little personality and no development whatsoever. Side characters are pretty irrelevant and you only speak to certain ones to obtain endings.Lastly, the game is super short. I spent about 15 hours on the game but really thats because I left the game on while I fell asleep. Each playthrough is about 30mins-1hour long at most. If it takes longer, thats because you're trying to figure out what to do to get the other endings which won't take long. You can probably get all the endings in one sitting if you wanted.The game had a lot of potential but I felt like it was released a bit too soon or the writing could've been better. The idea and design was good but it had no depth whatsoever."
,Recommended,259720,9025655,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,morz,"This game does a good job of making the player develop feelings towards the characters, and giving you the freedom to choose how you want to build your friendship/relationships with them. Though to get the full experience, you might have to play it multiple times. The choices you make in this game do affect the vast number of events that happen in the game. Though I feel like the writing and directing could've used a bit more work, because towards the end everything happened way too quickly and was very anticlimactic, which left me disappointed and a bit depressed.If you have patience for lots of reading, drama, and romance, this game is well worth your time."
,Recommended,259720,10166265,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,aikawarei,"It's a Life/Dating sim with an interesting story and cute characters. If you're into games where you have to manage stats and you try to get the girl - then you'll like this game. No, it doesn't have nudity and it doesn't need too. This is more of a tragic romance, where you'll end up learning more about each character and really falling in love with them. This could easily have been spun out into a short novel, that's how good the storytelling is.It's short, you can probably finish a playthrough in a couple of hours, but it has some replayability. This is an Indie company, so while $14.99 might seem like a lot, it's not if you just think of it like going to a movie. A movie is a few hours, ticket prices are nearly that much and you still enjoy that. At least with this game, you own it and can re-visit it if you like. Definite buy IF you like anime-style characters, tragic/heroic romances and life/dating sims."
,Recommended,259720,9252308,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Duiof,"This game instantly captured my heart!Its cute, interesting and fun, I enjoyed it so much I had to call in sick the next day since I was captured with getting to see all the beautiful endings!It gets a 9/10 from me,  it got alittle repetative (especially work part aka read book, work some, read book, work more, work more, work more etc several days in a row) also the music was nice making the game far more enjoyable especially with the lack of VA.I'm looking forward to more games from ""Sakura River Interactive""//Duiof"
,Not Recommended,259720,12000987,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Tutty The Fruity,"Difficult to recommend for anyone other than big fans of the visual novel genre, and I deliberated on whether or not this was worth recommending. Leaning for no. If you're a fan of VNs (like me), this game will be worth your time; otherwise, I would look elsewhere.The game promises you the ability to change the genre of the story, but the consequence of that is that too many different plot elements all seem to merge together into some kind of overwhelming mass, making the first playthrough very daunting. For all the directions the game can take, they don't see particularly refined. The result is a rather schizophrenic experience that can leave various threads unresolved, even with subsequent playthroughs. This game DOES improve with replays, and there are definitely elements of the story I really like (especially concerning Alex and Rina), but it requires significant investment to dig that up.The stat-raising element of the game also disrupts the pacing of the game significantly. I found that I was grinding up knowledge or stats quite a bit in anticipation of something, anything to happen. The plot takes a backseat to however you intend to break it, and it doesn't really flow. This makes replays something of a chore, and the UI isn't well suited for that.This is the first product of Sakura River and it offers a lot of potential for where they're going. I look forward to seeing more of what they produce in the future."
,Recommended,259720,9650187,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Keyes,"Whelp, I've played my share of VNs, good and bad. I had doubts about this one, everyone speaks proper to the point of seeming unrealistic, for example... But then came a fantastic double-sided conversation that explained some of the games mechanics to the player while SIMULTANEOUSLY being hypothetical advice to the main character. Fantastic.Someone capable of that deserves a chance."
76561198037962242,Not Recommended,259720,9049341,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sinful,"Alright.  I played the game, beat it and even enjoyed it, honestly.  However:The art style is pretty dated for what it is and felt pretty simple.  It was pretty, but I've played a number of VN's thatwere much prettier.  6/10The story had moments that were touching and was overall very relatable for the most part.  It was also rather simplistic and carried almost no twists or surprises.  There was *one* thing that I guessed incorrectly about at the very end.  Don't mistake this as being impressive, since the game only has 54characters that you, the main character ever interacts with.So it being easily predictable is pretty much a given. 4/10Music is alright at first, it's gets rather monotonous since there is very little change or variety.  I never reached the point where I hated it, but it didn't exactly add much to the game at all, either.  5/10The gameplay elements are also pretty simple.  Money quickly ceases being a concern with just a little fore-thinking and the right plan.  At the end, you are still chided for ""not having enough, and maybe needing to work on that"" by the game though.  Despite the fact that I could have bought every ingame asset with money to spare.Combat is sort of interesting.  There are only something like 5 or 6 monster types though, so you will cycle through them all very quickly.  They just get stronger over time as you lvl up etc.  With a little work, you are also essentially invincible, so it's just a matter of wearing them down from your overly abundant, easily *re-fueled magic reserves.  So, stupidly easy.  4/10I enjoyed the game for the most part.  I beat it with very little effort and it only took as long as it did because I deleted my first play through due to the common black screen problems.  Reinstalling fixed nothing.  Thankfully they are not widespread and don't harm the game overly much.Overall, Fading Hearts is a 5/10 for me.  I can't in good conscience suggest it to people.  If you find a sale where it's $5 or less, consider maybe buying it.  Your time would be better spent with the plethora of freely translated VN's you can find elsewhere.  Much better spent."
76561198048358772,Recommended,259720,11107734,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,DarthMaeglin,"This game was endearing and amusing. It's complicated enough to need to replay it a few times, short enough to replay without a major time commitment, and full enough to replay without getting bored. The twists and connections throughout the storylines are interesting, and surprisingly unexpected without being completely random.Unfortunately the engine is a little broken, certain events aren't tied to flags, and therefore can be unlocked through illogical or unwanted means. The writing is also a little unprofessional at times, but that was easy enough to live with.As the first project from this group I think is was wonderful and I look forward to seeing them grow through future releases!"
76561198042864202,Recommended,259720,8995400,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Materia User,"Actually quite good. I have played quite a few VN's and they all follow a similar pattern. This one does something different with your personal strength stat and randomization with key plot points. Which means you can play it the same way twice and end up with different endings.The Characters are better than your stereotypical ""ignorant of others feelings"" protagonist and the decisions you need to make are pretty tough.The only bad I noticed was that mid/late game there were hardly any events happening and it felt like one of those repetitive dating sims. It could be that I had just unlocked a lot of events early in the game through sheer luck and ran out of them but it's worth mentioning.It can be short... but so are the other VN's available on Steam. Replayability is high and that should make up for it a little."
,Recommended,259720,17852420,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Epsyo,"I played this game yesterday from 4pm to 5am, and its the first game I'm writing a review about.And thats because this game is worth the work.I buyed this game in a sale for 9€, but its definitly worth the full price.I'm not an anime or visual novel fanboy/lover, this was my first VN (=Visual Novel) and I wanted to give it a try.I'm lucky I did.This game changed my way to think.First, i will come to the pro's and con's about this game.Pro's:- a fantastic plot, wich will suprise you not only once in the game and you can't foresee it.- you can make decisions- many different endings- every decision you make changes the game- high replayabilityCon's:- bad graphics (actually no graphic settings ingame)- no real gameplay (its a visual novel, only reading and making decisions)- short story (as a fast reader 5 hours)- only english language, so you need english-knowledge- the sound can be annoying (after 2 hours it was annoying for me, but you can mute the sound)After looking at this Con's and Pro's you may think that there are more Con's than Pro's, so why should this game be good?Actually, I can't really answer this.I dont know how the game made it, but it was one of the best games I have ever played.The story was so intense and surprising at many parts...Normally I'm not the player who plays a game more than once, but this game did it to make me play it more then four times.In the end I'm just happy that I buyed this game, because i think it can't be a fault, even if you're not loving Visual Novels.Well, this was my quick review about ""Fading Hearts"". Sorry if there are some mistakes in my english, I'm not english at all. Hopefully, this review helped you with your decision about buying or dont buying this game."
76561197976784669,Not Recommended,259720,9004040,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Vercalos,"It starts out OK, but it seems to me like it's very incomplete, like the story just skips a few chapters, picks up again, and leaves whoever's playing the game floundering.  Characters don't develop so much as they suddenly jump from spot to spot on their arc, with no progression, they're just suddenly there, and some parts(specifically anything involving receiving a text message) are just broken, and don't display at all.  For all that there's supposed to be conversation trees, there is almost no choice when it comes to actual conversations.  Also, while the RPG mechanics are interesting, they're also very incomplete, as you are lacking anything to indicate level progression.RE: Developer responseThe storyline goes on with or without the player?  I would have visited the characters in question every day if I had the option, but I wasn't given the option. Story arcs just plain vanish literally the next time I see the character in question.  Also  If you're going to have the story continue with or without the character, you really really REALLY need to reflect that in the in-game writing(""What happened to him?  Oh right, you weren't there.  He got arrested/shot/broke up/won an award for community service/whatever"").  Neither you, nor your character should know what happened off screen, so it's annoying when your character knows more about the story than you.  I know it's just a game, but what kind of person can go a week without seeing a friend and not ask, ""Hey, what's new with you?"""
,Recommended,259720,9034884,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ceaseless Duality,"This is a spoiler-free review.This is a type of game that seems to have people that either really like it or just straight-up hate it. There's also a lot of curious people that want to know if the game is worth getting, so rather than just tell you ""Oh yeah, I like this!"" I'm going to list all of the various things a person may like or dislike about the game.First of all, this is NOT a visual novel. This is a simulation game mixed with RPG elements. A visual novel is a game in which you only point and click to get story to continue. This is NOT that kind of game. It becomes a simulation game when there are stats to alter and daily choices to be made. It infuriates me that so many people called this a visual novel, when it's obviously a simulation game. Since you can go into a turn-based battle with HP & MP, level up, use a sword or magic, that's the part that's RPG-like. Although, I definitely wouldn't call this an RPG, since the battling is definitely not the focus of the game. In fact, you don't have to step foot in a battle if you don't want to. You can progress the story without participating in battle.Is this a dating sim? I believe so. I've seen others argue that it isn't, but I would say *it is* mainly because the only good endings you can get require you to have a good romantic relationship with a girl. There are only two girls to choose from, by the way.How's the storyline? The best word I'd give the storyline is that it's rather odd. This isn't to say that it's a bad storyline, but in all honesty, I find the plot to be a bit weird. I've only gotten 4 endings out of the possible 10, so the storyline could be explained more if I get more endings, but they don't seem to explain the ""weirdness"" of the storyline very well. For some people, this isn't a problem though.Otherwise, the story involves getting to know one of (or both) of the girls that the main character knows. There are also two optional characters one can interact with, but they're strictly platonic.The main goal of the story is to save Claire. Yes, Claire is one of the two girls you can be romantically involved with, but you must save her regardless of which girl you choose, otherwise you'll get a bad ending. Save her from what? That would be giving away spoilers.How are the battles? Too easy, honestly. All one has to do is learn enough spells, and a person can very, very easily survive battles without much effort. In fact, you could learn ALL of the spells before even entering into your first battle, and you're pretty much guaranteed to win. As I mentioned earlier, there's HP, MP, basic attack (with a sword), and magic. It is turn-based, like any old-fashioned JRPG. There are times while in battle that certain mechanics of it don't make sense. For instance, if an enemy casts a shield on itself, it also casts a shield on the main character. I think this was a mistake in the game design, not intentional.How long does one playthrough take? It's really only the first playthrough that should take a while. My first playthrough took about 5 or 6 hours. Of course, I read all of the dialogue. If you were to skip the dialogue, it would probably only take you an hour or two. If you're a fan of story (which I'm not sure why you wouldn't be if you're playing a game that's heavily focused on story), it's only long the first playthrough, because after that, you can skip any *already read* dialogue. There's also the option to skip all dialogue regardless of whether you've read it or not, but that seems like a rather silly thing to do.Are there walkthroughs for this game? Yes, but the only ones I've ever found were incomplete. I suggest doing a Google search to find various walkthroughs if you really want tips on how to get through the game. Some walkthroughs have given false information though, so be careful about which ones you choose to follow.It's difficult to write a walkthrough for this game, because of the high randomization of events. Two different people playing the game could make the *exact* same choices, but end up experiencing events on different dates in the game. Basically, the games event mechanics are not set to specific dates. You, the gamer, have to trigger them yourself through either persistence or mere chance.What do I mean by ""persistence""?  For example, the forest where your battles can take place has certain events within it. If you want those events to happen more quickly, then you need to keep exploring it over and over again until it triggers. However, if you're a patient person, you could just wait for it to happen by chance by exploring the forest every once in a while or something. Each time you explore the forest, the game randomly generates either a battle, a personal daydream of the main character's, or an event. Battles are the most frequent. Thus, you can have about a dozen battles before ever randomly getting an event or you could simply ""luck out"" and get an event straight off.Is there any ""ecchi"" or nudity? Nope. Not even a little bit.I think I've covered all the stuff most people ask/wonder about this game. I hope it helps the curious/unsure people about whether or not to get the game."
,Not Recommended,259720,22442614,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,niX,"This game tries to do too much and ends up being a hot mess. There also seems to be a lot of bugs, glitches, and confusion about how to actually complete the damn thing.They've added stat building elements, magic and combat (all RPG elements) into a game that also tries desperately to be a dating sim and visual novel. Very difficult to micro manage things and get what needs to be done accomplished. It was okay my first time through just focusing on the story and on which girl I'd rather date, but after I tried to go for all the endings and get into the complexity of the game, that's when it got frustrating. Balancing working, reading, training, relaxing, dating, socializing.. it's just too much.Nobody can seem to agree on how to reach certain endings or get certain achievements. The newer version of the game didn't seem to fix these issues either. You can be on multiple ending tracks at once, and some endings completely contradict one another.. which is insanely frustrating. This game is riddled with all sorts of inconsistances and it makes me just not want to go through the effort of TRYING to finish it.The front page advertises about one of the unique features being that characters can lie to you and that it's supposed to add some sort of mystique to the game and somehow be game changing. This is not the case at all. It feels nothing like that. I've played several times, picking each dialogue option to see the differences (if any), and really.. there are none.I've played many a visual novel and this one just doesn't have a lot of characteristics that make a good one. The story is interesting, but nothing special. Your two love interests aren't all that interesting in the slighest. Choices seem to matter very little. Endings do not have a clear cut set of directions to follow in order to achieve them. Music is acceptable. I just can't really justify recommending this game for all of these reasons.The devs really should have decided whether they wanted this game to be an RPG, a dating sim or a visual novel.. but not a bad combination of all three."
,Recommended,259720,11822302,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Shiro 🔪,"Jesus Christ, the best visual novel I've ever played, so good and so much replayablity. I've played through it three times already and only brought it the other day. It's amazingly written, the music is fantastic and I couldn't imagine many ways in which it could be better.10/10 would buy a sequal... And a sequal to that sequal.For anyone interested my first 3 endings were: The sunrise and sunset of happiness, Dazzling heart and Best friends forever. Good luck to anyone who plans to give it a play :3"
,Recommended,259720,12542260,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kareng,"I havent finish all the endings of this game,but so far this game been awesome.The Intro of the game hooked us from the start,I would like to say that the author did a good job of writing an intro and this is not juz a crappy reading story all the time,you got to actually make choices of what your character want to say.The Gameplay is bit bad but the endings is the main part that make this game great,There are several endings like Sad,happy, and Glitched. This game is recommended to the people who are Emotional...Sorry For Bad English but I tried my best to explain. hope you find this review useful."
76561198064373015,Not Recommended,259720,15868541,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lolwhat,"The character sprites look outdated and I just don't like how dark the game can get when you're getting bad endings. I would give it that it was exciting to see the girls develop but they leave more to be desired. I just wished the game made up it's mind if it's gonna have rpg like fights or going to tell a good story, which it can't it can't have both. 4/10."
,Recommended,259720,20205258,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheDivineKnightCrusader90,"Now, I just made a review about If My Heart Had Wings, and I thought that it was just way too long and had very few decisions. Well, this game remedied that by allowing for a lot of decisions to be made. However, this is on the opposite end of the spectrum and also does not balance out things like If My Heart Had Wings somewhat did. There was mediocre art and sound, and sure, making a lot of decisions is great, but I would prefer the length of If My Heart Had Wings, but with the amount of decisions you make in this game. This game was somewhat short, so all the decisions made portrayed it to be just super forceful, as opposed to letting story take a more primary role. Overall, I would only recommend this because it shows us a different take on visual novels.5.5/10"
76561198046389250,Not Recommended,259720,14632367,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,GregT 314,"A good visual novel offers you engaging writing, loveable characters, and sumptuous art.This is not, in any sense, a good visual novel.The writing is, to be charitable, exceptionally poor, and you will see rather a lot of it even before anything interactive happens - near on to 20 minutes of it, in fact, even if you're hammering the space bar to advance through it at a quick trot.When the choices are reached, they are inscrutable and meaningless, and every button makes the sound of a mouse being murdered.  The plot veers wildly into often contradictory genre spaces, most ripped from stories you've seen told better elsewhere, in a way that feels like plagiarism more than homage.The visual novel is a wide and wonderful genre and there is no good reason for you to descend far enough through it to reach Fading Hearts.  Spend your money elsewhere."
76561198064835739,Not Recommended,259720,14960603,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,yaska33,BAD
76561198024859104,Not Recommended,259720,17421674,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MadDog,"Too chaotic with too little sense of in what direction you'd need to proceed. Some might find that freeing, but with so little to go by it's really just guessing on whatever you choose to chase after.The multiple storylines pulled in too many directions and left it with a weak product. I deleted it a few years back and haven't redownloaded."
76561198003495232,Not Recommended,259720,9034024,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Shinae,"Let me tell this straight: writing negative articles is not my favourite way of spanding pastime. But the game is bad. Which is really regrettable.What is actually wrong with FH? Actually, half of it...1. Visual - this side of the FH is not bad. Not good, not bad eather.2. Sound - see p.1. There's no masterpieces, but still it's good for background.(and here's where ""not bad"" part meet it's end)3. Gameplay - well, some of you may rofl on this one, but i wanna believe that you're all interested in good VN, since you're viewing ""Fading Hearts"" steam page and agreed that this ganre have a gameplay... well, sorta... Back to the topic. It's not good: choises are too simple and predictable and RPG elements... sorry, to sad for continue. But you catch the point. Too poor, too monotonous. Like the chess, where you have only four pawns on the board. Still playable, but not much fun.4. Story - that the worst part. It's just boring. That's all. Maybe the best way to describe the game was to say it from the beginning instead of writing the wall of text. Story is just boring. Lack of characters, lack of originality, lack of playtime. You're not even get used to heroes of this tale, because tale will end faster than you like 'em. And cliche. Cliches everywhere. Main pot, heroes behaviour... just everywhere! Game still could be worth your time if the story being good. VN is all about the story after all. Not this time.Sincerely, i already made 3 playthroughs. Only because some people really like it and gave a good grades. I thought something wrong with me an' that is i who miss the point or a bunch of interesting routes. My misteke. Game's just bad. Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,259720,19124033,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Weathermaker,"Strong Recommendation. Worth The Play and the Replay. Price at little much but reasonable to support the developer, as in I would like to see more by same developer. Relatively Short but very interactive. Art, Characters, Character Developement and Plot enjoyable. Thank God the blonde's part-time job wasn't icky."
76561198043965541,Not Recommended,259720,9336033,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,SoulBane,"Cheap indie game that demands too much money for too little fun. Artwork was beautiful, however. Story is mediocre and forgettable. Music was pretty decent. Overall, not worth most people's time."
76561197988668444,Not Recommended,259720,15318283,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Trekner,"Dont think this game is supported any longer, had the game for almost a year, and the one bug that i have, that makes me unable to even start up the game, is still there."
,Not Recommended,259720,13942900,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lunal,"Choices don't really feel meaningful here, seemed like no matter what I did it was just the same thing, slightly altered. I found all of the systems besides just the dating sim aspect to be difficult to figure out and tedious. I wouldn't replay this game, it wasn't interesting or fun enough."
,Recommended,259720,11154104,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ΩYondoΩ,"Pretty nice game, although i didn't play it much i litteraly started to feel bad for some characters which led me to take the ""wrong"" choice and replay it all over. But this is just as this kind of game is. The storyline is good, nothing to say about it: 3 childhood friends, a love triangle etc.. It lacks a bit in originality but still a good visual novel. 4/5"
76561197994566376,Recommended,259720,9003242,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Proud_Otaku,"I absolutely loved this game. The writing is very well done, there are a surplus of very varried endings, and there is very little about the game that is ""tedious"" which is common in visual novels. Overall it is officially one of my most favorite visual novels. I highly reccomend to anyone who enjoys manga, visual novels, life sims, or wants to try a great introduction into any of those game types."
,Not Recommended,259720,9056488,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Edelritter,"Fairly mediocre visual novel. Romance not very engaging, little interaction with heroines, combat easy and boring. Backstory sounded more interesting than the actual setting."
,Recommended,259720,11096505,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Gundam Tanaka,"this is my first review so if i had made any grammar mistakes please forgive methe game was alright, not the best visual novel but it was good.Pros:it had a good concepthas a good arthas wide varity of choice making decisionsi like the freedom they give playersthey did a good job at blending genres togetherand most of the story was goodcons:there was a few things i didnt like about the game thoughMost of games mystery was a bit plain and sometimes it was very obviousThe rpg combat system was very generic and i would have liked it if they added little more animationAfter you exceed the number your choices you have left from gathering information from Sophia andyour future self, they leave as soon as you try to talk to them. it would have been a little more better if you could talk toyour future selfalot moreabout how he got stuck in time or maybe your future self could have gone crazy after being lost in time for so long and he might start misdirecting the player (maybe a boss fight could be included). or maybe they could have added a route for Sophia and follow a different path.^the phone system in the game has a similar problem. once you called have rina and claire enough times to hang out you will eventually run out of scripts and the call list will eventually be empty. it would have been better if you could call more people to hang out (for example you could probably call Alex to hang out at the arcade or maid cafe, or maybe call sophia to hang out and go somewhere, this could also work well with my idea of sophias route) or maybe they could add certain out going events (like a convention or a amusement parks) to keep rina and claire in the phone book.there was also a few things that i didnt like about the storybut the one i mostly didnt like about it is:Y2k bug orphans SERIOUSLY..... let me explain what the y2k bug is""In the beginning of computer era, many information systems stored dates as two-digit numbers - e.g. 12/22/99. That practice continued to a large extent throughout 1980s and 1990s"". however when the year 2000 came along many types of data information wasnt made correctly to change the date into the year 2000 because the data relied in 2 digit numbers. so at around that time instead of the system saying its 1/1/2000 it would actully say the date is 1/1/1900. this bug lead to errors in systems, incorrect information and other mechanical and software faults.so back to the game.......Why would they make the main characters back story about the y2k bug like it was some sort of sickness was spreading around that time, if i was the developers i would have choosen something different like ""our parents died in a car crash"" or ""there was a sickness growing and our parents didnt make it"".overall the game is an alright but with a few improvements it could be great so i am going to give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,259720,9017847,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,General of the Loli Brigade,"After playing this game my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fell off my body and said to me ""Nah man I know there is no more hope here, I will be running to Nevada where I will be appreciated and actually be used for what I was intended for""I then sat in the dark corner of my room and wondered what my life has come to. During this time of deep thought I have come to realize that Fading Hearts is the shining beacon of folk who will never get to fancy the touch of a real woman/man.10/10 Game of the Year"
76561198067536017,Recommended,259720,10989566,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Queen Bae,"I <3 GOING ON DATES WITH MY WAIFU, WHILE OUR FRIEND THIRD WHEELS IT!I ALSO GET TO EAT 3+ SANDWICHES A DAY! <333"
76561198058179847,Recommended,259720,9682333,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Jellymonster55,This is the first game like this ive played on steam and it was great it made me explore more games like these on steam
,Recommended,259720,9029309,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Virgin,"This is a must if you are into Visual Novels. Many endings that can be enjoyed if you're willing to try and get them all. It does take time for those that like to read, but for those that know what they are doing in these types of games can finish it quite easily and in a reasonable amount of time. I have got several endings in one sitting in around 4 or so hours.Take your time and read the story it's wonderful and just enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,259720,10378322,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Fugitive Unknown,"This is a mishmash of genreic anime tropes. Replayability seems really light and the characters aren't very well defined. Its not horrible, its just not very good, though I guess I can't expect too much from a BBB studio producing a virtual novel style game. Honestly, go play Analog or something, or buy Shira Oka or (even better) get Persona 3/4 for the PS3/PSVita."
76561198026706613,Not Recommended,259720,9071105,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,brainlessgal,Storyline has issues and it feels like your dialouge choices are limited. To me it wants to push you into how it wants you to play rather than letting you experiment.
76561198055276201,Not Recommended,259720,9396676,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Freezer,"While this visual novel tries some interesting ideas that differ from other visual novels, it ultimately faills short. The writing isn't that great and the overall gameplay suffers too. It offers too much too many variables and as such it feels like it has no real focus and I felt no real desire to complete it, though I did twice just to see if either girl's story made me like this VN more.While it isn't terrible, Fading Hearts just isn't very good. There are plenty of better visual novels out there for free and the JRPG turn based combat sections don't increase the over all quality. In fact I found the fighting to be boring after few fights and in order to get one particular ending you have to do far more fighting than I honestly tolerated. Regardless I still did it and my reward was just another ending that felt somewhat weak.If you really want to try this game I'd wait for it to be on sale. As it stands it is currently the worst I've read, mainly because the story takes a massive backseat to all the things you can do, and those choices are fairly arbirtary and only progress the in game calendar."
76561198045895911,Not Recommended,259720,9671540,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,lisa,"I so wanted to recommend this game, especially since I've only made it through one playthrough.  However, I can't work up the desire or motivation to playthrough again for any alternate endings.All the components are there--and more.  Fading Hearts has the potential to be a really awesome game, given the variety of elements incorporated.  I just felt like there was a disconnect amongst everything, that gaming aspects and even characters were not delved into nearly enough before you reached an ending.  Why do you have to focus on one particular aspect at the expense of others?  Why are some aspects virtually worthless to develop?  Yes, I know there's supposed to be the whole replayability factor, but I find myself viewing a replay as just tedious.  I would have preferred a longer, more in-depth playthrough where all the different aspects (whether it's the rpg elements, the work, the training, the dating) were better connected and necessary.  I mean when only a handful of the manga are worth reading as far as character development. . .For me, development and disconnect were also huge problems with the characters.  I want to be immersed in a world, invested in the charaters.  I ended my first playthrough not even really caring or even knowing much of anything about the Ryou.  All the rest of the supporting cast just seemed like sidenotes on repeat.  I don't know if it's this way with every playthrough, but rather than further developing characters, conversations just kept rehashing the same things.  I learned barely anything about anyone.  In fact, I probably knew as much about Tracy, the maid at the Cosplay restaurant, as I did about the more significant characters.That development and disconnect issue carried over to the story itself.  Storylines that seemed significant at the beginning would just fizzle and disappear.  Then bam!  Here's a new shocking revelation--but there's virtually no explanation to the what, when, why, where, how questions.  But lets throw in some manga that's supposed to somehow be connected with no explanation of how it is connected, and hey, the future you (who we also have no clue as to why/what) will have a few conversations with you and disappear.Some of the other issues are related to style.  Too many typos for a professional game.  Some odd wording/odd writing.  And the black screens.  Every time you read manga, the story displays itself as weird, stencilled script across a plain, black backdrop.  And there's a lot of manga you can read.  I won't even get into the manga writing, but how can you have text only manga?So basically, when a major character apparently is killed off, and you just think ""huh"" and ""oh well,"" then go searching the internet to see if anyone can shed light on the fragmented storyline you just played through--well, it's time to find a different game."
,Recommended,259720,9004961,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Bleach,8.5/10Fading hearts was a small yet good story with great artwork an okay soundtrack but the game did not explain a lot of things clearly like how to level up but it was still a good game that I reccomend people play even if it does take an hour to finish.
,Recommended,259720,9717444,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Toxic Kit,I LUV the pretty anime girls :3
76561197992910116,Recommended,259720,9003278,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Jebus,"Good romance but it's felt too short for me, and leveling is quite hard if you dont know how ><, i give it a 6/10"
76561198084831039,Recommended,259720,12852685,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[LinuxGuy]mcwolf_b,"Hmm ... Fading Hearts is a good game, good visual novel, has a lot of interesting things. It could be better, but somehow it doesn't deliver alone. Don't misunderstand me is a good game, very entertaining, and i would recommend it. But if you are very fond of visual novel games (hardcore visual novel gamer?), maybe this game will not meet your expectations, but for the rest I think it can be a nice experience."
,Recommended,259720,9145438,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Paikia,"To make this short -Fading Hearts is much more a visual novel than a game.Just so we're on the same page, as far as I'm concerned, Long Live The Queen and Magical Diaryaregames, as they offer plenty of interactive content, where you actually get to play, make decisions and influence what happens next. In Fading Hearts, though, the communication is mostly one-way - most of the time you watch and read, and occasionally make a choice. It took me around 20 minutes of scrolling through animations and text boxes, until I got my first choice, and that is only to have the game throw at me more and more information.Obviously, I'm disappointed, as I was expecting more to do. Despite my disappointment, though, I'm not rating this game down, since it was completely my fault, that I didn't get what I wanted. I should've done some reading before buying something I had thought was something else. I just figured I'd post something about it, so others wouldn't make that mistake.Only get this if you want to watch and read a visual novel. It's nothing like Long Live The Queen!"
,Recommended,259720,12102032,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,かぜま,"This Game is amazing! It has a great story, amazing character devlopment and it goes along the story at a decent pace. Im not done with it yet, But for the parts that i have gone threw it is well worth the 15 bucks I paid for it XD"
76561198082768434,Recommended,259720,17577395,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tempheror,"Oh god...Ok, I just played through this again and had an ending where I broke the fabric of space time. Play this game. Its worth every penny. Even if you don't like dating sims, don't worry, it isn't one."
76561197986575754,Recommended,259720,9032073,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,tenth1,But there are some bugs.  Black screens for a few of the story lines.  It has just been ported to Steam so I'm hopeful they'll fix it up.It seems a bit short on the character leveling aspect - not enough time before the story ends to build up much in the way of skills - but that could be from dropped out time in those black screens I mentioned.Other than that - entertaining story for an optimistic soul.(ran through twice - first time had a barely successful ending and the second time had a good ending where learned the whole story of the threat to the city)Don't know how to add a rating yet so I'll write it here 6/10 but that can be improved with fixing up the black screens/time aspect.
,Recommended,259720,13802516,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rei,"Best option for picking up chicks without lifting more than a finger...Or, maybe your right hand...Actually, you might find picking up chicks in real life easier than this stroking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Heeeeeeeellllppp!!!!!"
,Recommended,259720,14282295,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Alchemist,"This game is atrociously beautiful from where you start, and to where you end up at. You have many decisions that you could do with the people you interact with or with your daily life, also the fact that you can make different saves to see what happens when you do this, do that, and etc. If you really want some romance, this could be on of them. Even though its a visual novel, its still fantastic.10/10 - Alchemists"
,Recommended,259720,13905874,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DeltaHellfire,"Bought and played through this game today. It has a very rich story, and I walked away with a smile plastered across my face.If you have the time to play through this novel, buy it and do so. :)"
,Recommended,259720,9066886,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Boy♂Next♂Door,"One of the best games made by Valve. The advanced shooting mechanics with minor RPG elements make this game take a solid 2nd place (Right after Runescape) in my most imporant rating category ""Most fun games bought in 2014 from Steam""."
76561197991155047,Not Recommended,259720,11776817,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Cally,"I can't recommend this game because it doesn't live up to what is promised.The game bases itself on two premises:1. Don't trust anything any character says, everyone lies at some point.2. You can change the genre of the game by your own choices.It fails on the first one because the game's central plot-driving story element is something you, the Main Character, are told about but never directly see. You're supposed to accept it unreflectively as the main premise of the entire story. This contradicts the emphasis on not believing everything the other characters say.It fails on the second in that the non-dating sim elements of stat management and RPG battles feel tacked on and ultimately unnecessary. They're pointless at best, and repetitive at worst.Fading Hearts is just too ambitious. It tries to do too much, and what is there is not well executed. It just comes off as lacking in focus. It's not completely without merit, but I can't recommend buying it. Nor do I think people who skip the game will really miss out, even if they're fans of the genre."
,Recommended,259720,9010050,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,thank you based god for onodera,"Once upon a time in the mahou shoujo land of Animeland-Japan, there was this baka. And that baka liked this typical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hair color-girl. She was moderately kawaii. But only a little bit. Okay maybe more. But just a little.ANYWAY, then he got this choice. Because their (the baka and the Barney the Dinosaur-girl) blonde best friend that is too kawaii, gonna make you die, is falling in kokoro go doki doki with the baka, the baka has TWO CHOICES. AND ONLY TWO. Either he has a typical moe moe maid highschool rom-com kokoro go doki doki time....OR BE A MAHOU SHOUJO IRL but in a visual novel.The choice is yours. Be the sugoi mahou shoujo boy-o or have a kokoro go doki doki poi poi uguu time.Protip: Stop being a baka. Senpai ain't noticing you ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,259720,10183325,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ants in my eyes johnson,"Boring and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in general.Poorly drawn characters with minimal to no animations, stupid story line and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game mechanics. The characters are generic and stereotypical and definatly not worth its price."
,Recommended,259720,9003126,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Misato Katsuragi,"brings me back to my good old ""do you like hrny bunnies?"" days. its a visual novel, with choices. but you will have a feel trip with this. this game also has you make choices based on how you feel, and you will be manipulated if you arent careful. there are alot of people you will want to trust (Don't believe her lies).another high point is that it feels ""noir""-ish. the story has a knack for giving you the ""gritty P.I."" feel.so if you like beef, bring the ruckus, fading hearts has alot of great quailities for the price.(i feel the need to clarify that i have played this much longer than the steam clock says, due to... other means.)"
76561198073205608,Recommended,259720,11774910,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Darrku,So me and my freinds from college came over and started dubbing over the characters and now my roomate is super happy about dating the girl lol10/10 would date again
,Recommended,259720,13003081,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Master of None,I like - it's very good 10/10
,Not Recommended,259720,33200258,Posted: 3 July,all,nssfleahedgehog,"I didn't realize this until I started playing, but I had played this game before.  The way this game was portrayed in the Steam store made it seem different from what I had previously played, and I found that a bit deceptive.  Because I had experienced this game once before without realizing it, it ruined this potential playthrough.From what I remember of what I'd played in the past, the game didn't stand out as being anything super enjoyable.  It was difficult to balance the character's at-home job, and the characters didn't really stand out in my mind.My final problem is that when I started playing the Steam version, I randomly got 12 achievements for DOING NOTHING.  And these achievements are all meant to be obtain way later in the game.  One of them was even only achieved by 2% of people who had played the game, and now it's on my hardest achievements showcase on my profile despite me not truly EARNING it.  That really bugs me, especially since it seems like there's no way to UN-achieve it and get it out of my achievements.So yeah, my brief time with the Steam version of this game was not pleasant, and if I had known this was a game I'd tried before, I could have avoided this mishap."
,Recommended,259720,9016225,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Katyusha,"O.O; The endings are pretty crazy....  I mean, holy ♥♥♥♥...  But regardless, this game is pretty amusing for a bit.   Still, I would wait for other ""better"" VNs to be Greenlit and released on Steam."
,Not Recommended,259720,11544942,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,OMOcat,n-..n...no. just. no.  the writing and stoyline is terrible.  get it on sale. maby....its not even kawaii youguys. not. even. kawaii.
,Not Recommended,259720,10495162,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,GenericMartini,It's just so bad. The story sucks. The characters are really bad and somehow the endings come out disjointed. There's pointless actions you can keep doing despite them being irrelevant. There's character trees that don't matter(It only gives you a achievement) The art is pretty bad and after a while gets hard to look at it. The chracters are pretty lifeless except one who you disappears after a certain point(ironic because that's when my interest went away) There's parts of the story you can't experience unless you spend a lot of time with at a certain area(It's bad either way Game Design wise and Story wise) Also there's a lot of talk of CHOICES and I only got like 2 in my entire playthrough.Overall I wouldn't recommend this game at all. It's not very fun and it's challenge to get through for a unrewarding payoff.
76561198079788103,Recommended,259720,19278062,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,heatherljohnson786,"Fun story, interesting characters, and meaningful choices -- what's not to love? I enjoyed the cute anime style and the meld between visual novel, simulation, and RPG elements. The random bits of story taken from the manga Ryu's reading in the story are, well, random, but they can be interesting. Only major drawback in my mind was that the music could get repetitive and/or start and stop randomly in the middle of gameplay. Overall though, I'd rate this a 4/5."
76561198027694738,Recommended,259720,8995281,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,OziMen,"First of all I recommend this game only anime or J-RPG lovers. It is really short (~4 hours of gameplay). This is a game that you're not killing enemies or chasing after bad guys. There is a story and you just make decisions. This type of games are so popular in Japan but, actually that one is not a good example of its kind.In game you are a guy (Ryou) that lives a normal life, go school, hang out with friends, and make decisions about your life. Your decisions directly manuplate the story which you will see.Art of game is, um.. terrible. Most of the game you always see same places and same guys. There is nothing that makes you feel surprised in the story. Music is OK I think. Most of music made by piano, not that good but average. Animations and sound effects are not good.If you got $14,99 to spend nothing important, feel free to buy this game. Yeah, I vote as 'positive' because there is no game like this.I don't think I will play again and again. If it was a mobile game and $0,99 or $1,99 it would be more successful.6,2/10"
,Not Recommended,259720,9034005,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Casper Senpai,The story makes absulutely NO sense. not worth the asking price.
76561198126329470,Not Recommended,259720,10165470,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mittens1900,this game gets boring after awhile
76561198031041294,Not Recommended,259720,11778453,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Flash,"This game is lacking in story, gameplay, writing, character depth, satisfaction and polish. It has clearly not been play tested and anybody that is recommending this game is trying to inflict upon you the same pain I foolishly subjected myself to."
,Not Recommended,259720,9939316,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,wormroom,"The pitch behind this game really cheapens the experience. I picked it up expecting a weirdo multigenre choose your own adventure story, but was instead treated to an unimaginative, honest-but-half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at, uh, something. My biggest complaint about the game is the writing. It's very, very bad. So bad, in fact, that I thought the game was a weird meta joke for an hour or so because the primary mechanic behind the 'combat' in the game involves learning magic powers from manga.Also, you're a high school student whose parents have died, but luckily you're a genius programmer who has to make tough, decisions between coding for an indy game that doesn't pay very well or collapsing the world economy by not helping an IT worker. It's really bananas and I'd definitely click the reccomend button if this costed a dollar and didn't describe itself as a game that adapts itself to your decisions.Here's a non-spoilery description of what your decisions affect: One of two of the anime high school girls will kiss you. One of the anime girls has an abusive boyfriend and you spend the first half of the game trying to figure out a way to get her to love you instead. The other girl is in love with you but to understand why she can't love you now you have to go fight monsters in the forest.This game is terrible in a cool way, because it's sort of a sublime interpretation of what it is. It's aggressively dumb, but in a way that you can almost see every hilarious piece of the author's inadvertent self-awareness puzzle.Buy this game if you want to laugh or to break up an anime girl from her abusive boyfriend by making decisions like talking to her about it or passive aggressively not talking to her about it while getting dating tips from your asexual otaku love-sensei."
76561198076544086,Not Recommended,259720,11221018,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Healthy,"I am REALLY sorry to write a bad review of a VN.. (because I love them!)But.. Fading Hearts had SO much potential!It did just never used it...Okay so let me get this straight:I liked the idea of being able to make choices through the daily life so you could become stronger or earn more money. And that if you planned your moves correctly you'd be able to reach your goals without being too stressfull and on the same time be ""social"".But not the fact that there is only TWO girls that you can interact with. (and you can barely interact with them)The story is simply too short to only have two girls in it!You don't get enough time to develop anything with them and the endings is basically only based on simple choices...There is a few ""secrets"" that will give the story a little ""push"" or give you a few more moments to think about what you're doing but they don't even affect the main storyline.(SPOILERS.. Kinda)In the end of the story where a ""bunch"" of magic-stuff happens VERY fast (I'm talking two plot-twist's in a row). There is this ""final fight"" where you would think that you would have to be a high lvl anything to actually beat this thing. But no.I didn't really make any progress in any of the training-things and I only learned one spell but I still beated the crap out of that thing.And after that I got one more choice to a good end and that was just... Just... Just THAT.The ending did absolutely nothing to me because it was just ""what now?"".The reasons why it wasn't special is that there was a huge lack of character development...Another thing that pisses me off about this VN is all the ""dreams/visions/hallucinations/daydreams"" whatever you call them..They show up when you're resting, exploring or sleeping and they do NOTHING for the story..I don't know if this is a cheap trick to add more reading to the storyline but one thing is for sure:These little ""side-stories"" doesn't matter. The only thing they do is sometimes add a little + on your personal strenght (which you need for some reason that hasn't been clear enough to me because the conversations doesn't seem to change either way)So buy this game if you need to try something different for a change..But don't buy it with high hopes of something EXTRORTUNARY.I'd personally rate it 3.9/10"
,Recommended,259720,9000162,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"In terms of game, adequately applies of choosing what to do. Makes a fun playthrough each time.  Enjoyable in each ending with each detail and the grand timeline is a nice set. Truly good in it's own right. I highly recommend this for people who like visual novels. In general, the game has potential. In the term of rating so far I would put a7.4-8/10. It seems to be missing some elements but adequate in it's own way.The fact that it has few choices and feels like the usual build you own time to do whatever and you can miss out plus the feedback from the end helps and hurts you. The game itself has an interesting storyline and development. I recommend this if you like the dating sim feel that you get from other online ones as well as old school ones. However not meant for everyone because there are somethings people miss or want more of. That is where I believed the potential could be brought into."
,Not Recommended,259720,11158596,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,NotEvenGonnaAim,i want a refund
76561198123347412,Not Recommended,259720,32045964,Posted: 29 May,all,Rico Dandeles,get hunie pop instead
76561198028314107,Recommended,259720,9007534,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,火影,this is a really god game i really enjoy i would recommend people trying this game
76561197965718009,Not Recommended,259720,13160421,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jblow89577,Games from japan back in the 90's had better graphic's and storyline then this poor copycat. Dont waste you money. i have play better fan made games then this crapAlso who ever wrote the reviews on those web sites cant have played many japanese dating sim games and must have been paid for their positive reviews
,Recommended,259720,9359303,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Visarian,A magical girl who lives in the park touched my no no zone. 10/10.
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,259720,9026494,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,dawgamims,"As a HUGE fan of Long Live the Queen (which some have loosely compared this to) and a fan of great narratives in games (the most important feature, in my opinion), especially narratives that give you a choice in how the story unfolds, I was excited to give this a try. So far it's pretty much next to abysmal. The cast reflexs the stereotypical, overly mysogynistic tendicies we all know and love (read: hate) from Japan, all of the women require the man to fix the issues, and to top it all off, the writing is about on par with what my 6 year old nephew is doing in preparation for a ""story telling competition"" he's entering. I'm going to continue playing the game because I already wasted my money on it, so why not? But if you like narratives involving competent women, pragmatic story telling, interesting plots, and meaningful choices, look elsewhere."
76561198119688061,Recommended,259720,9009256,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Squid_lard,it is the best game ever
,Recommended,259720,12829662,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Nub Scrub,I farm this game for cards.  10/10
,Not Recommended,259720,9050399,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,dontran726,"It seems that a lot of people either hate it or like it. I'm sorry to say that I'm disappointed with the game. (EDIT: This is due to bugs and glitches I found during playing)I found a few grammar mistakes (minor) and a few glitches/bugs in the game (some major ones too) that really ticked me off.EDIT: - Found a bug that does not show ANY monsters whatsoever in the game, (when going to the forest) even if I spam to investigate 20+ times, with several days of attempts.- Audio not syncing up properlyIt feels like the game is incomplete. (Mainly the endings, they were cut off farily quickly)Personally, it would be nice if the developers were to add more into the endings.SUMMARY:Overall, IF you have $15 to waste I say go buy it, if you are into VN (visual novels). Just keep in mind that the game will be short. (avg: 4 hours) It's just sad that there aren't more VN's on Steam. (besides: Long Live the Queen) In my opinion if you are the type of person that wants more bang for their buck (meaning hours of playtime), I say don't get this game.IF you are NOT into VN or it's your first time I say wait till the game goes on sale or wait till it comes to an indie bundle. (I say $7.50 or LESS is reasonable if you are willing to play the game again 3 times > average 7 hours)"
,Recommended,259720,9002191,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,naturalog,"This is like crackfic basically.  But a game.  I bought it because I had had a terrible day and a mindless life-sim was basically just what I needed to take my mind off of things.  After buying it, I discovered that a fellow Steam user referred to it as ""The Birdemic of Visual Novels.""  Needless to say, I was even more intrigued.  Random and seemingly inconsequential magical powers, things that I'm not sure whether or not are glitches... given my mental state when I bought and played this game, it was exactly what I needed.  But if you're an actual visual novel fan or looking for a quality and/or fulfilling gaming experience... I'd probably skip this one."
76561198081055699,Not Recommended,259720,9039735,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,altersoul,A intresting visual novel game that has so much portential on the outside but is hollow after a few bites.The game has flaws which is fine for a inde game and does sorta live up to its promises. Controls and flow are what you expect from a visual novel. But see the problem is the game may have diffrent ending but most of these require you to actively trying to screw yourself over rather than trying to find a way to save people. It requires almost no effort to get the good endings and even the most lazy player will find at a certain point there is simple nothing productive to do besides read manga and work to make more money so you can buy more manga. These problems can be overlooked but the part which can't is it feels like 50% of the game is missing. Without going in to any spoilers there is a meta mystery that just begs to be explored.... but you never actully personaly do... and one of your goals in the game simple resolves itself.... leaving a large gap in the story where you should of done somthing.On a side note its seems i had a bug that made the game spoil itself or so it seemed... bug added more mystery and excitment into the game then the game inself actuly had......
76561197973979330,Not Recommended,259720,9010624,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Leafeyawn,"To be fair, I only gave this game one playthrough. But, that playthrough was so thoroughly uninteresting, I'm not considering a second. The story wasn't very good, though I'm thinking I maybe made some choices that made the story bland."
,Not Recommended,259720,11059075,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,shirigaruonna!,"no. no. No. NO. NO! NO!!! GOD DAMNIT NO! NO! HOLY ♥♥♥♥, NO! NO,♥♥♥♥♥♥ NO! ♥♥♥♥ING HELL. NO! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Not Recommended,259720,9014856,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Be_Proud,"For a game with 10 endings, the game's length and replay value aren't much. That is unless you are like me and squeeze every last bit of a game's 'valued' cost in order to get back its moneys worth.Out of all the endings, only about three of them are worth playing through. Other reviewers claim that the game is a highly intricate, interactive rpg-style simulation, but truthfully it's not so much different than a regular indie rpg game or dating sim; probably a few notches worst.Most of the events are predetermined and are based on the limited selection of options made by everyday decisions. Rather, the interactions are quite bland at best and the action & adventure aspect drastically dulls after the tenth battle of the same-looking monster.In conclusion, if you're looking for an extremely cheap-thrilled visual novel worth 5-10 hours of your time (possibly less), this may be your game. Just know that the story length is very short, and the story itself isn't what you'd call pulitzer prize-winning material. If you do decide to buy the game, get ready as you'll probably be spending more time pressing the skip button and reading white words off a black screen, than anything else.Worth the $15? I think not."
,Not Recommended,259720,9119325,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PSYCHOモンキー,This game sucks balls you don't even get to bang the girls.
76561198139771650,Recommended,259720,10959623,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rasengan794,Game loads but can't play it and have to go to task manager and end it. Though game still looks cool.
76561198037835390,Recommended,259720,11905322,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Natsu Dragneel,this game is quick i got done with it in like 1-2 hours
,Recommended,259720,11909119,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,SuperSamCraft,"Great game, just finished playing through it once and I loved the path I chose.  I think it might be hard to not go down that path again, but my curiousity makes me want to see what else could've happened.  The characters are great, the mystory is great.  love it"
76561198073952676,Recommended,259720,11891856,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Bryson3842,Amazing worth the buy played many times and plan to play much much more.
76561198041654594,Recommended,259720,12155933,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Zack the Legendary Super Saiyan,"Pretty good VN right ammount of interaction in my opinion for the length of the time required to finish 1 playthrough. The story itself is somewhat written by the player which is really cool in my opinion I think like half of it is forged by the player you don't actually have to write anything just make plenty of choses you make.  How the each choses you make could decide whether in the end you live or die in the end some choses are meaningles others could decide the fate of the people of the city you live in including your own. depending on what you choose to do this story could have some action in it or none at all, you could make your character a magic only fighter or a physical only fighter or a mix of both or not fight at all its your chose.Overall I'd give this VN a 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,259720,11985455,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,BlueOrange,"Unlike most dating sims, this one seems to have been written by someone who has actually learned something about relationships.  The writing is pretty good in general, and there's some really interesting multi-layered things going on in the story.  I found myself genuinely interested in giving it a second playthrough and exploring what differences are possible.The beginning does drag, and the pacing is generally uneven, but a well-implemented skip feature means that you can skip familiar conversations and it will drop you out of skipping forward when there's a branch of story you might not have seen. I wouldn't play if you're not a dating sim fan or diehard life sim fan.  But if you are, it's far better than most."
,Recommended,259720,12169621,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SanMan,"This is an okay game and I enjoyed reading the story. What I dislike about this game the most is that it is still very glitchy, and it doesn't look like they aim to fix it (your stats can drop for no reason, some endings are glitched and may crash, etc). I also dislike the amount of grinding that you can end up doing for some endings, and how you require a walkthrough to get certain endings."
76561198117447403,Recommended,259720,9117041,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Proj.D/Fujiwara,"Its great game its now on my top list's and if you like anime this is for you i am i high anime lover myself and this game will make you feel in the anime world we all would want to be it is a true game it has everything as in romance,worry,cuteness,relation,etc its all you want in 1 package i got my money worth"
,Recommended,259720,9149688,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,"ສະບາຍດີ, ຂ້າ",Stop playing with my emotions.
,Not Recommended,259720,9151565,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,๖trash,"Foremost, I'm all for these kind of 'story' games, but I don't have any experience with them. Visual art looks really nice, and the first time I played it, I thought it was a good game. The audio was a plus, even if it could get a bit repetitive. However, the story isn't very interesting, nor engaging. I wasn't very enthusiastic on having to go through the story another time to pick a different ending. I know there is a fast forward feature, but it still feels troublesome. I may sound like a typical 'I-want-this-now' kind of person, and maybe I am, but I'm sure I could have felt more compelled to redo this game if I deemed it a more complex or varied game.This game gave me a good couple hours of playtime, but I got bored of it a bit too quickly. Sometimes, I felt that some characters were a bit bland or cliche; they had their own personality, but not as interesting as I hoped. Unfortunately, this game isn't very 'eyecatching' in many ways besides the art. I'm lucky that I got it on sale, because it is a bit pricey for what I got. On the positive note, it wasn't 'bad' for my first story-type game. Also, I liked how they sometimes poked fun at ideas from an 'average' romance story. Still, if I had a choice now, I probably would have picked something else with my money."
76561198091554156,Recommended,259720,9127538,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GigglyRaven,"Didn't play far into this one yet, but it has a fairly interesting premise to it."
,Recommended,259720,9174026,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Texaporte,Uhhh.. I don't know what is going on in this game at any time during play. Going through it without a guide is awesome. Don't use a guide.Buy it.
76561198098298357,Recommended,259720,9178688,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,blident,"it was okay, i saw a few programing errors, everyone made a big deal on how i didn't meet mystica, when i really did, that was really annoying."
76561198055528037,Recommended,259720,9035386,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ownificate,"This game is very enjoyable. The duration of the game is completely dependant on how how play through it. If you read every line of text in the game intently, explore, and think about what you are doing the entire time like I did, you will still probably finish it in ~ 5 hours. But keep in mind that is one playthrough and this game is designed to be multiple replays to see different endings and results from your actions.They are not lying when they say your actions make a difference either. During gameplay, you have a choice of doing things like working, resting, hanging out at a cafe, calling friends, and other things. What you choose to do will affect what happens to the characters and how the story proceeds.But down to my favorite part of reviews, pros and cons.+ Great story. Loved it+ Beautiful artwork. If you don't like anime though, this would be a con.+ Many different endings. I just wanted to keep playing to see how things change+ Limited hand-holding. Its up to you what you should or shouldn't do. This might be bad for some, but I love it.+ Characters are well developed.- Minor gripe, but the writing has more grammar errors than there should be in this sort of game.- Sound definitely needs work, but I just enjoyed my own music while playing.- Despite the limited hand-holding, the actual gameplay kind of started to bore me. It is just clicking various things over and       over.Overall: 9/10. If you like Visual novels, dating sims, or a fun story this is for you. If any of those things annoy you, this is an avoid."
76561198038618085,Recommended,259720,9050800,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Rylos,"Interesting story telling, can easily sink countless hours into this if you can immerse yourself in it, there are so many options that every play through can be different"
76561198046220550,Recommended,259720,9069259,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jerkle | Aviato,"Such a beautiful story and i swear to it i cried in all the endings. I really wish it gave you more time though to play so you could read all the books and i want to learn more about the prince in the dream stories because it seems impertinent to the story at first. I literally fell in love with both Clare and Rina and the game feels so immersive. Ive played it over more than a few times and i think i got quite a few endings.The only thing i dont like is that the game feels really incomplete, and like there is potential for so much more things to happen in the story. Keep that in mind developers. I WANT A SEQUEL!!!"
,Recommended,259720,9041351,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,AK|COREYTRIGUN,"Interesting game well designed with a really well worded story, can be a little confusing but is done well enough that it ain't annoying.over all a 7/10 in my books."
76561198027150793,Recommended,259720,9042067,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Horro,Honestly it is not the best game in the world. But for me it was a lot of fun and I enjoyed all the little details behind the storylines. I would say it was worth the money I spent on it.
,Recommended,259720,9061078,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,NinjaPanda,"I was kind of underwhelmed with the ending considering the events that lead up to it, but all in all a good game."
,Recommended,259720,9088600,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Kuroneko,Having just completed my second playthrough of this game all i can say is that i love it. Though i dont think this game is for everyone. I really like the art style and music and think it has a great story. I reccomend this game to anyone who happens to enjoy anime and other visual novels
,Recommended,259720,14478305,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Virtues,Finally a VN on steam where you can actually choose.It's a really fun game and game i haven't gotten around to getting all achievements.
,Recommended,259720,16315653,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,coldstone101,love these dating games but I always seem to end up a lone :'(
,Recommended,259720,15817716,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,DarkestPrayer69,it's awesome
,Recommended,259720,15977941,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,xocnoj,So many choices!
,Recommended,259720,11115543,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,King Arthur / Dalewyn,"Overall a pleasant experience even with the bugs and typos that can be occasionally found while playing, enjoyed playing the game and going through the story,Personally though, I wouldn't have minded if the story was longer overall. It felt too short compared to many other visual novels."
,Recommended,259720,11549692,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Something Electric,"I give this game a 10/10. This game is great because you can change the genre of the game by choosing what you want to do. It can get a little boring if you play it for too long, but this game is awesome and donotgo into the forest unprepared, and save."
76561198052781182,Recommended,259720,11542659,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,The Fidget Fiddler,the feels made my heart explode...twice 10/10
76561198072814041,Recommended,259720,11526382,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,SpiritOfGreed,Damn this game is so much fun when I first got it and started playing it I couldn't stop I pulled an all nighter to finish this game not just once but twice and almost third time but went to sleep.This game had me the hole time wondering what will happen next and what would have happend if I did not do that but that insted.If you never played games like this bether start with this and I am sure you will fall in love with these games like I have this was my first one and I am planing to play a lot more of these games!
76561198035965152,Recommended,259720,12182656,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Jalakins,"This is an incredible VN. I've loved every second of it. But it is still extremely glitchy. I get errors all the time. I'm currently waiting a reply from the support team. I'll give a more thorough review later. Incredible story, great art, and overall wonderful VN if we can get the bugs worked out."
76561198130727834,Recommended,259720,11125785,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,timjake78,"This is the second VN I've played, the other being Shira Oka - Second Chances.  This one has problems with missing content and endings that I can't seem to get, even using the guide posted on Steam.I've been through many times now and achieved the following endings: Sunrise & Sunset of Happiness, With Claire, Glitch, Stale Life and Time Moves On.  I know from the guide there are several other endings, but nothing I do seems to get any ending but one of those five.Don't get me wrong, I do enjoy the game.  I'm just looking forward to the patch promised in February that is supposed to correct the current issues."
,Recommended,259720,11459415,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ChiefVulcan,AMAZING
,Not Recommended,259720,14062784,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,jmgariepy,"It's not a terrible game by any stretch of the imagination.  It just isn't very compelling.  The game's description tells us that all the characters are lying to us, which is true.  They all have one lie.  Then you figure it out.  Game over.  Would you like to play again?I have nothing but goodwill for both indie games and interactive fiction.  But I can't recommend any interactive fiction I played for four hours, completed one path, and decided it wasn't worth my time to check out the other paths.  And, to be honest, I only spent four hours playing this game because of the two hours spent repeatedly hitting the same buttons over and over on a non-interactive rpg engine, and one hour spent reading dream stories that didn't seem to have any effect whatsover on the main plot.A shame, really, that this is the highest rated dating sim on Steam.  I guess that means I won't be bothering to play any of the other ones.  The entire experience confuses me, because I've played good dating sims and enjoyed interactive fiction in the past.  But it seems that the only companies that are interested in making interactive fiction are the ones who are looking to design games that are simple to a fault, with fiction written by game designers.  No thank you."
76561198061069142,Recommended,259720,13813467,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Troltorial,Fading Hearts is the best visual novel I have ever played!
76561198081529652,Recommended,259720,13353779,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dead.jpg,"After the added content it is even more fun to play! the game helps you to get different endings by telling you how you could have reacted. but if you are really curius just buy it, it's worth it, even to try!"
76561198108515363,Recommended,259720,15706206,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Animetra,"Personally I like the game but do not love it, it depends VERY much on the decisions you make, there are many different roots i got and you meet different character beside the 2 main girls"
,Recommended,259720,13965831,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Weeb Man,"Didn't help abused girl, killed her. Helped her, town got nuked or something.10/10"
76561198025816504,Recommended,259720,13954093,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,leafeon___,"This game is easy to love if you have a strong enough suspension of disbelief.Quite a lot of the criticism of this game comes from the quality of writing. Part of the premise is that Y2K caused a huge catastrophe. As someone that remembers Y2K and works as an engineer , I thought this was charming (esp. since I know first hand how dumb engineers can be). However, this rustled a lot of feathers for quite a few people. And it's great that it does because the setting in the game world can vary from being japan-as-seen-in-anime to being why-the-****-not-istan.A generic anime world is the baseline for how weird & cliche this game can get, but the upside is that the game can become a mystery, a fantasy, a love story or a software-engineering-simulator. That's what makes the game great and as a side effect, the world is pretty off the wall. I loved it!"
,Recommended,259720,14201726,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Butterlord,"Don't let the screenshots fool you. As much as it looks sweet and innocent with it's art and what not the storyline actually can get serious at times, even dark. I haven't played much, but what I've played has intrigued me."
76561198081986467,Recommended,259720,13955019,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Panda Knight,This Ryou dude has some sweet moves.
76561198142423674,Recommended,259720,13302742,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HououinKyouma,"After playing other VNs, Fading Hearts seems meh. But initially I thought it was neat considering I'd never played a VN with (even minor) RPG elements. If you're new to VNs like I was, you probably won't see the flaws. If you're experienced with VNs, the flaws are pretty blatant."
76561197975745804,Not Recommended,259720,11333153,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,soulpillar,"I'm not sure if this was written by someone with any life experience but allow me to give you my deal breaker and it's the story.The Y2K bug apparently managed to orphan the main character and the love interests. Yes. The Y2K bug. That's just the start of the insanity.This game is not worth $15. Please, for the love of God, buy anything else worth your time or money."
,Recommended,259720,35213846,Posted: 25 September,all,Robert2424,"I keep debating if this has become one of my favorite Visual Novals. The game is well made and the 2 main charicters, are fun, interesting, and believable. I don't really find any flaws in this one, and would happlly recommend it to anybody."
