user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,260250,10090532,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,CptBrian,"Overall 7/10 - Hunting the achievements down is addicting as there seems to be a challenge for everything.Pros:- I got the game for $0.99- Devs just put out a big update for free- 125 Achievements- 4 Steam Trading Card drops- Good gamepad support- Rebindable buttons/keys for both gamepad and keyboard- Multiple resolution options + Antialiasing + Windowed/Fullscreen + Framerate cap options all working as they should- Voice acting in all level transitions- 3 Game Modes (Normal, Score Rush, Endless)- In a normal game, you're graded up to an S rank, determined by clear speed alone.- Leaderboards for each stage for clear time and Score Rush, and one leaderboard for Endless mode- Challenging platforming- Decent job of hiding upgrades and Signets- Challenging Signet(collectables) locations- Gameplay is smooth and never lags(for me)- Mostly interesting boss fights, there are 5 bosses- 10 lengthy stages(excluding bosses) that will take anaverageof 25-30 min each your first time if you're collecting all signets, and you'll likely miss a couple.- Multiple checkpoints per stage and I don't think they're overdone- Could be an interesting game to speedrun, both any% and 100%. (100% would be very hard to rush)- Damage boosting by projectiles or even enemies themselves is possible and can be manipulated to progress a little faster.- Collectable hidden upgrades- Multiple attacks available, which are each upgradeable.- Play as a human and a werewolf- Character and enemy bios/info.- Minimal bugs. I ran into one,once, where the camera stopped following me after a transition.- Low RNG, non-existant if you can speedrun the stage flawlessly.- Very fast load times on death (~1 second)- Fast and accurate platforming. If you think otherwise, you probably don't understand the collision boxes for the character. (If you barely miss a ledge, the character will get caught on it for just a moment, almost like it's a mini slope. You can use this to your advantage sometimes)- The game saves currently collected itemswithina checkpoint if you earned an achievement(for Signets%), or got a hidden upgrade.- Reentering a stage to collect a missed item, then collecting said item, then proceeding to the next checkpoint will save the progress and let you exit the stage with it counting toward your total progression for that stage. (You don't need to finish the whole stage, just make it to the next checkpoint after obtaining the missed items)- Can probably run on very low end PCs if you lower resolution.- Quick and responsive menus- Most boss attack orders are random (in my experience) I'm not yet sure if you can bait for specific attacks.Cons:- Mouse Acceleration that cannot yet be disabled, use a gamepad. (Mouse Acceleration is never useful and greatly hinders mouse speed and accuracy)- The art is pretty good, but could use a little more detail in the environment.- When the camera zooms in/out, or moves areas at all, it really throws off your aiming if you're using a mouse.Gamepad is unaffected by this.(maybe they should zoom the cursor with the camera?)- Music 7/10, Some tracks are kind of obnoxious.- Dying on the first checkpoint does not reset the timer.(There is a little unique stage entrance, but they could just queue it again you die on the first checkpoint)- Dying to a boss doesn't reset the timer, though it doesn't matter because for some reason there isn't leaderboards for boss kill times, even though they have a timer.(I understand that due to RNG boss patterns, they probably shouldn't have leaderboards anyway. It would just be a battle for good RNG on the leaderboards)- You're allowed to play for about one and a half seconds while the stage is still fading in from black after a death loading screen. I wish it would wait until the game was at 75%+ opacity before the timer starts, input is allowed and anything in the stage starts their cycle.- If you are not going to hunt achievements, the game probably won't be worth $10 to you. Though if you do want to hunt them down, it certainly is worth it. I like built-in challenges.I don't think the dev team was very big, so good job!"
,Not Recommended,260250,12271804,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,rgk,"I really wanted to like this game. The art is neat, the game is very reactive, it has a Castlevania vibe, but... most of the platforming parts are horrendous. They involve rushing through a large area with flames/projectiles/compressors that all activate quickly one after another. The reason it is bad is that when you lose you do not feel like you lack skill and made a mistake, but that you did not learn by heart the precise path forced onto you by the game. So you need to start over and try again and again long and annoying parts of the level (checkpoints can be quite far in these areas).Some other areas require dodging between projectiles and opponents (that shoot projectiles or behave like projectiles) in a very precise manner, but every hit has a knockback effect, pushing the character away from her trajectory. And to make things worse, there is lava or spikes that prevent from having safe spots in between. Both of these game design decisions make the platforming parts all the more punishing. It does not feel good at all, despite me liking hardcore platformers. It's not just challenging difficulty that I like in platformers, but good design, which I did not find here.The levels are very linear. Some people like that, some people don't.What I liked most in this game were the boss fights. They play well and rely more on skill than the rest of the game, even though they are thankfully not too difficult."
76561198025301599,Not Recommended,260250,8267211,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ZOR33L is,"after a promising start sadly the game became anti-fun and for those reasons- terrible terrible level design and some trial and error sections that you have to die thenreplay the whole section cause the check-point was far behind- loose controls, when a platformer game requires from you precise timing and a lot of jumpingthat a single mistake could drop you down a lot, the least they could do is make the control tight,they should learn from games like super meat boy-  boss battles are very easy, predictable and boring, it takes ages to finish due to the boss's longhealth bar while repeating the same easy to avoid attacksdo yourself a favor and buy other action-platformer games like Guacamelee or Dust and enjoy yourtime instead of this terrible game"
,Recommended,260250,11943028,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Hobosunday,"I bought Blood of the Werewolf for two reasons: The art looked cool, and it was relatively cheap. As advertised the art is very appealing, with it's own very distinct style not often seen. It's title screens and characters (with the exception of our heroine) are all classic monsters with classic tropes. The opening of stages even have titles reminiscent to classic horror movies. I found this stuff goofy and appealing.The plot is pretty straightforward and predictable, and the background info (that you can find in the extras menu) can make the whole story seem a little bit too serious for it's own good. I can respect Scientifically Proven's want to build up an epic tale about a clash between horror creatures, but it can take away from the whole story (especially since the big bad monsters go down way too easy.)Now the gameplay... I would be lying to you if I told you I was expecting this game to play the way it did. Please note I was using a controller the whole time.The game sets you up nicely, with interesting transitions between human and werewolf as you platform through a couple of hard jumps here and there and some pretty straightforward combat between weak enemies. After the first couple of levels the game shifts from gear one to five. The jumps become perilous, the enemies become obsticals and there are a million ways to die. And while the game is punishing, it sets up checkpoints nicely and only penalizes you for time when you die (and you will die.) The camerawork can be a bit of a problem, especially when transforming, when the camera will zoom in on your giant wolf body as you jump again into a pit of spikes.When I finished the game, I was just about ready to close up shop for this game, but forlaughs I decided to try get S-rank on level one. This is where the game truly shines. The replaying of the game (giving you level select and letting you keep your collectables) is a lot of fun. While still very diffucult, you begin to see the game differently, you realize how fair it was being to you, and how to clean up your mistakes. Next thing I knew I wanted to see my name climb higher and higher on the leaderboards. The game hooked me in for another playthrough.At seven dollars you can get a lot out of this game. If you don't want to get frustrated at a game I wouldn't recommed it, but if you put some time in it you may find yourself enjoying this game quite a bit. A great game for an indie developer, I am looking forward to their next project."
,Not Recommended,260250,16707903,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SabreCat,"Blood of the Werewolf didn't click for me. When it comes to platformers, the design ought to own whether or not it will be a twitchy, high-precision affair (e.g. Super Meat Boy), or more of a fluid, graceful romp (e.g. Dust: An Elysian Tail). Blood of the Werewolf can't quite figure out which of the two it wants to be, and the gameplay suffers for it. You're expected to make jumps and battle monsters with careful timing and accuracy, but the controls aren't responsive enough to support you in those respects. Your character's movement is too slow, her turns and leaps too fuzzy, and the hitboxes of player, obstacles, and monsters too vague for the kind of pixel-perfect action the game seems to be trying for.It could be that I simply sucked at this game, and if I were more awesome a player, I'd have enjoyed it. But other difficult games I've played in the genre were fun enough to encourage me through failure and frustration; this one, not so much."
76561198044082721,Recommended,260250,12534307,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,shadowwolf148,"If you love 2D platformers and a challenge with decent storyline, I recommend playing this game. There are some difficult levels where you will die multiple times but you eventually get the hang of it. Battle is pretty straightforward and boss battles are pretty easy once you know their attack pattern. Overall, a pretty awesome game XD"
76561197995865992,Recommended,260250,10203707,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TasteFlavored,"This is an average game, fun for what it is but it won't blow your socks off.It isn't as difficult as other reviews made it seem (assuming there aren't crazy difficulty spikes after the halfway mark). The game assumes your an achievment hunter - if you take your time the stages seem pretty easy. The story and RPG elements are perfunctory but passable for this type of game, it's well written and the atmosphere is good but you wont care about the characters. Graphics are good, nothin artsy but it gets the job done. The gameplay is what you would expect - jumpy, jumpy, shoot, shoot, bite, claw, and deal with different obstacles, which are varied and work pretty well but nothing that new or creative. The controls are solid, not floaty at all (I used a gamepad exclusivly). The werewolf thing is interesting and adds some variety, it changes you automatically at certain points along the levels and it mostly feels like your playing two different characters.In short, if you like platformers and a nice challenge with some frustrating bits - and you like to complete achievments and get highscores - buy this game. Three out of five altered beasts."
,Recommended,260250,15426832,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nedragaard,"4/5If you like the genre, pick this game up for under 2 dollars, it’s worth it.Blood of the Werewolf is a great side-scroll platformer.  You play as the mother of the last werewolf, and will transform between human and werewolf form as needed throughout the game.  As you try your best to track down your kidnapped child, you are confronted with all sorts of classic macabre cameos.The game is full of difficult enemies and pitfalls; but you have an infinite number of lives and the game saves after every room...  Yes...  after every room. So even if you aren't patient enough to play through a difficult part of the game, you can load your save up at a later date and start exactly where you left off, with an infinite number of attempts to beat the game.A controller helps A LOT!  ...but I was able to clear most of the game without one.  Like I mentioned earlier, you have an infinite number of attempts to get through each room.The sound quality was good on my stereo, and the sound track/voice acting does help to bring you into the game.  Although the story is a little dry, it was entertaining.  I felt like I was playing a classic side-scroller with much nicer graphics and sound."
,Not Recommended,260250,9040595,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Dusty Rancourt,"I really wanted to like this one, and there was a lot to like about it, to be sure. The premise wasn't bad. The unlockable path of upgrades looked like it would have had promise, had I reached the point of further upgrades. The werewolf model was attractive, even if I found the protagonist's human model wedge hair and violently colorful outfit for a Gothic horror action adventure game a bit startling to the eyes. I was interested enough to buy it, to play it, to want to see how the story unfolded. I don't tend to talk much about games I dislike, but this one...well, it had promise, but didn't deliver, and that saddened me.The controls just aren't smooth. Jump physics are strange, both in timing and in propulsion style -- holding down the jump button for a longer or higher jump feels 'floaty.' Aiming the crossbow might work well on a desktop with a proper mouse, but I find it much harder to do on a laptop with a touchpad. Yes, I certainly understand that laptop gaming is not the primary concern of the developers, but I'd call into question the entire aim-and-fire system by mouse in a game like this. In werewolf mode, it's strange to keep a hand on the mouse just to slash-attack, when there's no aiming involved. And yes, sure, I can remap the werewolf's attack to a key...but then, I'm switching between mouse and keyboard when I change forms, my hand off the controls for a moment.The early enemies have slow, blobby, floating ""attack clouds"" that are easy to dodge, but huge. As I climb a ladder or jump around to avoid being hit, the enemy's position changes, relative to my mouse crosshairs. Unless you have exceptional digit isolation, handling the WASD directionals plus thumb on SPACE for jumping, while precision-gripping the mouse and tapping to loose an arrow, is pretty annoying. I'm going to want to use my right hand to jump for the platform elements, and to aim and fire my weapon, and switching back and forth between two-hands-on-keys and one-hand-on-mouse just isn't viable.Combine poorly thought out control mapping issues with weird game physics, and you end up with a game that just isn't smooth and natural to play, and that introduces frustration regularly.The game calls itself a ""love letter"" to classic horror/monster movies, but I don't think this game has really decided to whom to address that love letter. One moment we have flickery lights and black and white titles (""THE SEWERS!""), the next we're back to our cartoonishly anachronistic protagonist in a Castlevania-like setting with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles-style glowing green slime as a miss-a-jump toxic hazard. Levers gleam with rich F-stop-enhanced wooden handles. Above ground in the intro, we have a burning house, a vivid transformation, and slash attacks at scarecrows. I see elements of Karloff, of Chaney...of Castlevania, of Troma films, and a strange sort of pastel art style with our strangely-attired lead character that doesn't fit in with any of it. I think the developers would have been wiser to pick one, or at least two, key visual themes, instead of throwing in everything they thought might potentially fit into a werewolf game. This game could have been gorgeous with hyper-realistic visuals, with flickery-candlelit sepia tones and a brush-illustration or woodcut-like decor, or even the shadows of early silvered cinema. There are too many thematic elements, and they clash visually. Too much color, too much saturation, too loud and bright and intense a gamescape for the sort of Gothic horror vibe at hand. The Castlevania series managed to blend rich colors with a Gothic horror story, but then, it also went for painterly, stylized tableaus. The sparse, dark backgrounds of this game don't support the rich, saturated pools of color of the objects and ledges.The music tries to be Gothic and atmospheric, and clearly borrows a page from Castlevania. I would have liked to hear a more compelling soundtrack, but I haven't progressed far enough in the game to hear much of it. Perhaps it gets better; for now, it's a step in the right direction, but the journey's far from over.This could have been an amazing game. It had promise, and it's clear that its creators put a lot of thought into it, and had a real vision for what they were hoping to create. I see so much to like about this game that it just...doesn't deliver, when push comes to shove. The saddest part, for me, is that it feels like poor technical and executive choices are to blame. The controls could have been tighter and smoother. Jumps could have felt organic and natural, and not physics-defyingly floaty. The weapons system could have been designed for easier, less switchy-swappy hand positioning. The game could have been limited to one or two thematic and visual tropes. Real estate could have been used more wisely onscreen, leading to a less sparse-and-empty level vibe. The visual rendering might have sepiatoned the game, added brushstroke-like quality to the key outlines, and given the shapes in game weight, eye-magnet quality without cranking the saturation -- or, if the saturation remains, lush and lavish painterly backgrounds could have been added, making the rooms beautiful and striking.This feels like a pre-alpha rushed to release. It had the makings of a great platformer, and it just didn't deliver one, due to several little ""just not quite there"" limitations. I'm not sad because it's a disappointing game -- there are many of those out there. I'm sad because I can see the solidly good game it could have been, and wasn't quite. It could have been more than it is, and *that* saddens me.I really can't recommend this game, and it's the first I've reviewed that I couldn't. A shame. I see where they were going with it, and if only they'd pushed harder, demanded more of it, it might have been the game it almost was."
,Not Recommended,260250,11496789,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Private Nickel,"First half: Okay-ish hard but fair platforming action.The rest of the game: Unfair and horrible level design (Time limiting crumbling platforms AND having to waiting for wind hazards to disappear? Really?)The crossbow combat seems out of place (Contrary to the introductory message, aiming with mouse is better than with an analog stick), and there seems to be an input delay for jumps as well.Boss fights and the soundtrack are okay I guess.There are better precision platformers out there, and this does not even compare."
,Recommended,260250,10177266,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Helleri,"I can't find anything I don't like about this game so far. It's challenging. But, it stops just short of unreasonable difficulty. It has those sections and those moments where you feel like you have been presented an impossible task. But, then you pass that part and it leaves you high on elation and a little bit of relief.It has a  good number of cutscences and transitional screens. But, none of it feels intrusive. The narration make me care about the action. The story is just interesting enough to make me really want to get to the next cut scene. So, that I get that tid-bit more of the over arching tale. The art style, music, and sound effects are nicely done. The auto save/checkpoints are positioned in good places. It has a significant amount of character upgrading along the way without feeling flooded with power ups.It absolutely nails perfection through repetition gameplay. Where you can feel yourself getting better in sections, and stringing things you figured out together into a flow. It foreshadows itself a lot. Each new problem is preping you for more complex things to come. This is the kind of game that wrecks you in a good way.If you feel like platformers have not been quite right in a while. If you want to remember what it's like to have controller shaped claws for hands and sore thumbs (and feel like it was tottally worth it). If you want an experience that will give you a reason to get those calouses back. That will make you say ""One more try..."" 10 times after you first started saying it...Get This Game. Becuase this = Doing hard core right."
76561198047155875,Not Recommended,260250,23446030,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,karl.blume,"My two main gripes with this game are:1) The sometimes insane difficulty level. Sure, the game autosaves pretty often, but replaying the same stretch of a level 20 to 30 times gets real old real fast.2) The very platformy feel of the game. It really feels like someone just put together some of the levels to make a difficult challenge. That's okay in Super Mario, but in this game I feel it ruins the thematic aspects of the game."
76561198002986817,Recommended,260250,12438105,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Phantom Virus,"This game was... ok but I wouldn't say it was great, just good. It was certainly challenging though. For those who love aggravating platformers, then this is certainly for you. For those of you who don't, I suggest finding another game. Its hard to trully enjoy the game when you spend most of the levels being frustrated half the time. The story was meh, it was really hard to really sympathize with the characters so the story kind of gets glossed over. I also didn't particularily enjoy the cliff hanger ending. Their should have either added a diffaculty setting to make things easier or tried harder to make the story more interesting. Still, its a good game but I wouldn't spend more then a buck or two one it."
,Recommended,260250,10191111,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Taco,"This game does many things right!For an action platformer it's pretty darn good.The art design is fantastic.  You can clearly see the love and craftmanship that went into creating these CG's, levels and sprites.Level design is also well done.  The platforming sections can be challenging without feeling cheap or unfair.  The checkpoint system is very generous in my opinion, which mitigates the frustration of failing an important jump.The basic enemies seem to mainly be there to hinder you as you try and progress through the platforming rather than being the threat themselves.  Most die in a couple of hits.The bosses themselves, while again have great at design, I found to be a bit lacking.  The patterns so far are easy to pick out and avoid, making them rather lackluster.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun and challenging action platformer, or anyone looking for a game that the developers obviously cared for.  Just don't expect the challenge to come from the enemies in this game.  I give it 8 Pineapples out of 10PS: I couldn't speak to music/voice quality in this game as I typically have the sound off/low and have something else playing in the background.  The bit I did listen to sounded pretty solid.  VO was neither terrible nor fantastic from what I could tell."
,Recommended,260250,22359901,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Leon [BR],"Blood of the Werewolf is a game where you control a female werewolf called Selena. Her husband was brutally murdered and her son Nickolai was kidnapped by someone. Your mission is to guide Selena through the stages to get clues where her son is being held.During the stages you can collect Sigils that will increase your HP and also upgrades, that increase ammunition and power of the attacks. When you are in a closed place, you control Selena in her human form with a crossbow. If you are in a place where the full moon is visible, you control her in her werewolf form. The game is a platformer with a lot of obstacles to overcome. Only people with perseverance and good reflexes will finish this game, since a lot of players give up on the end of the second level. If you finish the second level... good work, time to complete the other 8 levels and 5 bosses :)The game is considered hard in its core... but the main game isn't hard at all (ok.. maybe a little bit). If you want a real challenge... try beating every stage with an S rank, what means that you have to finish the level as fast as possible. You can try to reach a huge amount of points in Score Rush mode as well... where you have a multiplier that goes up by 1 every 100 points (yellow gem), by 5 every 500 points (enemy killed) or by 10 every 1000 points (blue gem). But be careful, Rush Score has a time limit to complete the level but you can increase by reaching one of the various thresholds of points. If you manage to get everything, try beating at least 100 rooms in Endless mode. This will be your last test to see how good you are at the game.If you are an achievement hunter, be warned that getting 100% in this game isn't easy task, but with training and determination, you can get them all.Want a challenge? if so, play Blood of the Werewolf!"
,Not Recommended,260250,8007972,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,PixelatedPoltergeist,"This game has poor level design.  In an action platforming game this is damning.  It's sad when the game gets some things right.  The art style isn't too bad and the movie inspired title cards always made me smile.  Even the map screen inbetween levels made me chuckle at how delightfully retro it was.  I feel like retro was what this game was trying to go for.  With a bit of Castlevania both the level's themes and the ideas behind the level design.  However, everything in the levels just feels wrong.  The levels are annoyingly long and up into a point very easy.  But after the point is reached the level design nose dives into an unsaveable pile of garbage.  Do yourself a favor buy another game.  ARES does what this game wants to do far better."
,Recommended,260250,10236487,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Weeman,"Blood of the Werewolf is a 2D action platformer in the same vein as games such as Castlevania, Megaman, and Shinobi. Given that my favorite genres are beatm 'em ups and action platformers, I had to give this a try. Plus, gothic settings that don't have you playing as a vampire or fighting hordes of zombies interest me greatly. I'm tired of that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Where's my Frankenstein game, damnit!This game is...good. It's not great, it's not fantastic, but it's not bad either. The gothic setting with all of your favorite classic movie monsters such as Dracula, Frankenstein, and the Creature from the Black Lagoon all appear and the control is very tight on this platformer. The mechanic of switching between wolf and human form, each with their own strengths and abilities leads to fun, and clever platforming challenges...for the most part. More on that later. The music is really good, but not very memorable unfortunately and the graphics are great solely because it's not ""RETRO PIXELS!!!11!!!111!!"" These developers actually took the time to make models. The only negatives about the art design I can say are the little between level cutscenes. The headshots of the characters, particularly the main one are...poorly drawn to say the least.Now for the bad. This game boasts a return to NES style challenging platforming. NES games were difficult because of poor design choice, hardware limitations, and developers not entirely sure of what they were doing at the time. Thus, this game suffers because of choices to make bad level design. This is very prevalent in the Skyrail level. Poor enemy placement making otherwise easy jumps next to impossible, wind mechanics pushing against you at seemingly random intervals, and auto scrolling segments. Not to mention a lot of trial and error gameplay and occasional leaps of faith. While the game has its highs as far as level design and platforming goes, it has a fair share of lows as well. You have infinite lives and checkpoints are everywhere, but it gets tedious after a while. That said, I will gladly admit that the boss fights are very well done and very fair. Easily the high point of the game for me.The only other real problem I have with this game is that when in wolf form there seems to be some hitbox issues. The attack is deceiving and doesn't reach out nearly as much as it would appear. This never becomes too glaring, but it can lead to taking some unfair hits.Overall, I recommend this game if you're a fan of action platformers. The settings and levels are very well done and memorable enough to come back to. The game will be frustrating at times but it has enough going for it that I can see myself playing through it again, especially because I know what to expect now. Still not looking forward to Skyrail again though.I would give this game a 7.5/10 easily."
76561198040295426,Recommended,260250,10105393,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,diegzumillo,"This is almost a non-recommendation, but with 90% off it's worth checking it out. Play it until you stop having fun.I'm so used to bad story in games that I was pleasantly surprised that Blod of the Werewolf didn't make me roll my eyes a single time. It's interesting and well done. The game has nice visuals too. And despite not being incredibly original, I like how you play some sections as a human and others as a wolf, and both have slightly different controls and you can upgrade them separately. Moving feels right, the directional to shoot feels great.There is so much potential in this game, so many details they got right, that not recommending it feels wrong. But the level design is just not fun. Have you ever played Ninja Gaiden on the nes? remember those tiny platforms with almost impossible to beat enemies? Yeah, this whole game is that. If you need to jump expect something flying your way as soon as you're halfway through the jump. Trial and error games are difficult to make, the line separating unfun frustration and rewarding challenge is very fine. To me blood of the werewolf stands on the wrong side that line.I'm also not a huge fan of the hit detection either. The wolf attacks look enormous on screen but have very little range in reality. But this could be easily overlooked if the level design went in a different direction."
,Recommended,260250,15661214,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Pork-Chop Express,"2D platformer in the style of classic Castlevania games. Difficult to the point of impossible at times, but with practice you can get through levels and boss fights. If you're not used to games challenging your skill and ability, and think games should just spoon feed you content just because you mashed buttons randomly, then move on, this game isn't for you.Everyone who's not afraid of a challenge should buy this thing ASAP, and remember the times when all games were challenging like this."
76561198008602430,Recommended,260250,7591718,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,NATTA,"Such a great concept and awesome animation, too bad the controls will make you want to  throw your keyboard across the room!"
,Recommended,260250,8523007,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,{NS} Tiarette,Great game. Classic arcade play with a little challenge!
,Recommended,260250,13524123,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CARDIOVERSION,"I bought this game when it was on sale for 99 cents. For providing me with 5 hours of entertainment, i would say it definitely paid for itself. This is a simple no-stress pick-up-and-kill-some-time game that i'm glad i bought. Recommended for the right price."
,Recommended,260250,8357930,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Typhlolsion,"Blood of the Werewolf; a artistic indie that once played you can never put it down! It brings challenges to a point where you just want to play more, and the unique seamless transformations definitely bring variety in the game, the story is wonderful and I recommend to those who love good old platformers!"
,Recommended,260250,7815322,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,R To Restart!,"A fairly straight forward platformer that is mechanically sound, though not the most innovative. The difficulty can be excruciating, but the visual style and voice acting is top-tier."
76561198097521514,Recommended,260250,8038108,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Rubicon_777,"Awesomely fun watch-where-you-land-don't-jump-yet-darn-I-jumped-anyway-and-died platformer, highly recomended!"
,Recommended,260250,11354761,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Autisthicc,This game made me cry 10/10
,Recommended,260250,10158130,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Egen,"Oh, this game... this game is so hard. This game makes me rage. This game makes me look at things it does and roll my eyes and say ""yeah okay, whatever."" And then I learn.It's so easy to make a game really hard and kick your♥♥♥♥♥and that's all there is to it. There's no art in that. But the way this game brings difficulty to the player is an art, because this game is all about learning, practicing, and perfecting. There's no luck of the draw, what item am I going to randomly get, which enemy is going to randomly spawn, I hope the RNG is nice to me crap. Nope, this game wants you to experience a horrible death over and over again until you learn from it, and it's then that you can surpass the challenge and move on... to an even harder one.This isn't a platformer that will particularly test your combat skills. This is a platformer that will require the utmost perfection in your timing. It will want you to do double jump to a ledge while going through rows of moving fireballs. It will want you to navigate through a gauntlet of smashing pistons while being blown one direction or another by a fan. It will want you to shoot a bat in midair while trying to make it to a ladder so you won't land in the poison swamp. And not everything kills you in one hit; there's a health bar that you can replenish in various ways throughout the level as well as lengthen permanently. This game is not afraid to give you that kind of luxury, because it knows it can kill you anyway. And it will, over and over again, until you really master it.Not everybody is up for that kind of challenge. But if you are, Blood of the Werewolf delivers it with polish. Proceed having been warned, but step up to the challenge."
76561198014222028,Recommended,260250,10153554,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Lupin III,A good looking and REALLY tough platforming game. You feel a real sense of achievement just for doing sections of each level. Theres no penalty per sé for dying and the checkpoints are well placed. You switch between a crossbow weilding herione and a werewolf and from what i've seen of it so far the story seems pretty good.
76561198074638613,Recommended,260250,10183234,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Johnboy,"Challenging but fun.The combat is pretty easy and straight forward, but on the flipside, the platforming can be EVIL! Saws, fireballs, enemies, broken platforms, spikes plus loads of other stuff will attempt to kill you as many times as possible!The art is nice and the sound design and voice acting is solid. Some fun boss battles too!"
76561198095098666,Recommended,260250,10116632,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,beforeiawake92,Great side-scroller game brings back old days with a new twist to it.
,Recommended,260250,10985451,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Flea,"This game is an abusive relationship.Oh sure, there are fun times, lots of them. Sweaty, exciting, fun times a-plenty. However, this game will try to break you. It will keep pushing you closer and closer to the edge. At first, it's fun, and teasing, you chuckle and shake your head at how silly this game is for pretending like it wants to kill you. Then the bruises start to form. You'll have to lie to your friends and family, tell them that the controller broke because you walked into a door while carrying it. You were only crying because of allergies, not due to frustration. You lie to protect your relationship with this game, because they don't understand just how good it makes you feel on those good days, when you manage to endure the barbs and spikes and blood vomitted up by ghosts and goblins. They'll never understand until they play it themselves.Blood of the Werewolf is a loving return to the day of unforgiving platformers, where death was more commonplace than life, and each room completed brought joy at your success followed by the sudden realization that it only gets harder from there on. In a game like this it's important that you are allowed to get right back onto the horse, and thankfully BotW does that well, immediately throwing you back to the latest checkpoint (typically at the start of a room) so you can dust yourself off and try again.The game tells the story of Selena, one of the few remaining werewolves in the world, who is on a quest to retrieve her stolen child. On the way, she must do battle with classic monsters, including Dracula and the Mummy. Between each boss are a few levels of various locations, ranging from the sewers, to the city, to the woods and graveyard, each one testing just how willing you are to endure and see the game through to the end.Along the way, you'll either do single-jumps and fire your crossbow as Selena in her human form whenever you're inside or the moon is eclipsed somehow. Once you step outside, under the light of the full moon, Selena turns into a werewolf, limiting the range of her attacks but allowing her to double jump and manuever in-air briefly to better secure those light landings. The game always feels much easier as the werewolf just for the fact that jumping is easier - and even though your range is limited to close-quarters, the wolf is so strong that most enemies will die in one hit if you time your attacks well. Upgrades are hidden throughout the game, each one requiring that you explore the level for secrets in order to find them. You could easily make it to the end of the game without gathering any upgrades save for the two you are given during the tutorial. This can make some boss fights harder than they need to be, so feel free to revisit a level and sniff out some secret rooms if a boss is giving you too much trouble (every boss can be defeated without upgrades, however, but they do make them easier to fell if you have them).Graphically the game is very pleasing to the eye, with a wonderful job on the art style to be accented by the effects. You never forget just what the overall location is (i.e. city, graveyard, docks, etc.) just by the aesthetics all around you. Rooms don't feel like they repeat themselves in background or layout (except in the few occurances where they do, but only to gradually step up the difficulty of a continuing puzzle).The game is hard, pure and simple. You start off slow, and you probably wont die more than a handful of times on the first few levels and the first boss, so long as you're not completely new to the platforming scene. After awhile, however, things start to really turn against you, demanding percision jumping and quick reflexes. What keeps this game from feeling unfair is that each challenge never seems impossible. Every time you die, you can immediately see what you did wrong, and it's clear what you need to do right in order to pass - it's just executing this new plan is easier said than done. Still, the hurdles presented never feel so daunting that you give up on the game entirely. You might put the controller down and play something a little more relaxing, or just go outside and scream, but you'll come back again and again because the game just works so well. When a game requires as much percision and timing as this game does (especially on the last 2-3 locations), the mechanics of movement are vital. Everything else can work perfectly, but if the movement controls don't work just right then the whole thing falls apart. Thankfully, BotW's jump mechanics are fluid and tight, and you never feel like the game was being unresponsive to your input and that's why you fell to your horrible death.In short, BotW is a brutal game that never lets on that it's impossible. Every failure is just another stepping stone on the road to success. The controls are percise, tight, and reponsive. The visuals look crisp and clean and pleasent to look at. If you're a fan of old school action-platformers like Ghost 'n' Goblins, this is a must have for you."
,Recommended,260250,10170178,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Din Viesel,"$0.99 until May 24th, 2014. Recommended if you are a fan of action platforming or the old Castlevania games. Each level finds new creative ways to challenge you via platforming and enemies, it's firm but fair - also really cheap right now!"
,Recommended,260250,10262850,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lumicakery,"Pros+Play as a mother, uncommon role in video games.+Nice aesthetics/settings of old western monster movies.+Levels are challenging.+Story is nice to see through the end.+Extra stuff and modes.+Fun to watch videos of people play (and rage, and assuming you've already finished the game yourself).Cons-The Skyway is evil.-The bats are medusa heads (castlevania) in disguise.-Boss fights aren't as challenging as the levels.-Not recommended for the more casual audience, you will die a lot.Blood of the Werewolf is a side-scrolling platformer game developed by indie company, Scientifically Proven. You play as Serena, the crossbow-wielding mother who becomes a howling werewolf by the touch of the full moon, in a quest to save her son, Nikoli from the evil clutches of doctor Frankenstein. In this game you technically play two characters, Serena the human, and Serena the werewolf, each with their own perks and specialty. Unfortunately, when you play them is dictated by the stages of the levels.I will put this bluntly, you will die a lot. My personal high score is 100 deaths in the Skyway, but that's because that one level is evil. However, the levels in general are challenging and not overly punishing. There are checkpoints well-placed throughout the level that saves you the heartache of redoing most of the parts you've already past, as well as power ups that will you help in the future. There are online scoreboards in this game if you're feeling competetive and if you get an S rank on Skyway, I salute you. Though just finishing any level is already satisfying in this game (especially Skyway, screw that level) and you are rewarded with pretty decent cutscenes. Ultimately, the feeling of wanting to see what happens next will drive you through the game.However, the boss fights are somewhat lacking. They are well designed from an aesthetic standpoint (I really liked the staging for the Dracula fight) but it mostly boils down to memorizing the attack patterns the bosses do over and over again. The game also drops health in the middle of the fights, reducing the risk and reward factor especially because, if done well, you won't be injured in the first place. I would prefer to swear at the levels, as well as the bosses, and I think they should be as difficult as the presence they demand. But just a reminder, this is a platformer game and not an action game so it's forgiven.In conclusion, if you like old school platformer games and are a fan of the old western monster movies, I definitely recommend Blood of the Werewolf."
,Recommended,260250,10173631,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Lysander [L-Azerate],"Great platformer, the ability to change between Selena and the werewolf under the moonlight is an excellent touch. The game has a slightly camp Hammer Horror element to it, but it's just the right amount to also pay a serious dark homage to the Gothic and dark subject matter contained within.Highly enjoyable so far. It's hard, but not overly frustrating, and when you die [which you will], you're right back in the action a la Super Meat Boy. It's been many years since I've tried a platformer, and this might well tempt me to see what else is out there and what has been created since the 90s."
,Not Recommended,260250,10928082,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ᶜᵒᶫᶫᶦᵈᵉʳ ˢᵉᶰᵖᵃᶦ,This game is nothing like a traditional 2d platformer. Hit boxes are too big or too small. Jumping is inconsistent. Sometimes the game goes into this weird slowmo thing. Awkward controls on both gamepad and keyboard. Games like Megaman were atleast polished. This isn't anywhere close. Save your money.
76561198028721484,Recommended,260250,9049508,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kiwi,"A werewolf momma on a quest for vengeance after her husband was slain, and her son kidnapped. Solid platforming, solid action, great game. The whole atmosphere and world this game creates is lovely down to the backgrounds and the music. You owe it to yourself to own this."
,Recommended,260250,8804815,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Knight of Rem,Werewolf Woman confirmed for best MILF.
76561197982458378,Recommended,260250,8634929,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,PunchInTheJunk,"Great pick-up on a Steam Holiday Sale.  An Old-School platformer channeling some of the classic NES and SuperNES games such as Ghosts N' Goblins and Battletoads.  Fun, well-patterned boss battles.  Challenging (not necessarily frustrating), but to the point of being rewarding when you finally break through."
,Recommended,260250,8389258,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,NewYorkerAnt,"Its an Awesome Indie Platformer Created by Scientifically Proven where it has a lot of action, and everything you would expect in a platformer. It also has an nice challenge to it and makes it fun that this game counts how many deaths you had for that stage. I Highly Recommend this game!"
76561198098030660,Recommended,260250,10671789,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BlueBomber,YAY DEATH!!
,Recommended,260250,17439783,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheDKOPC,"Blood of the Werewolf is a difficult game to say the least. Being an action platformer the majority of the game will be compromised of mostly jumping on platforms and either shooting your crossbow as Selena or using your werewolf form to cut through enemies. Now you might be looking at the mixed reviews that the game is getting and wondering why this is occurring. This is mostly due to the fact that Blood of the Werewolf is an extremely hard game and requires a lot of patience and timing to get through the difficult levels. It’s the type game that you will either love as a fan of the action platform genre or hate due to its level design.Gameplay mostly consists of switching between Selena who wields a crossbow that can aim that is great for long distance combat and her werewolf form which gets a double jump and uses a claw swipe for its primary melee attack. The player will mostly play Selena in the indoor sections of the game and the werewolf in the outdoor portions due to the werewolf only coming out in the full moon. This can be seen as either as a negative or positive as some players would like the ability to switch freely between the two characters Upgrades can be found throughout the different levels which can either upgrade Selena’s crossbow, giving her different arrow types, increase the amount of arrows she can carry and increase the firing speed of the arrows, or upgrade the werewolf’s abilities, giving it a forward dash attack, ability to shoot projectiles from its body and the ability to regain health. Selena’s crossbow is powered through arrow drops and the Werewolf powers are obtained through the dropped hearts of dead enemies. Overall the combat system is pretty good for this type of game as it doesn’t need to be too complicated and is simple enough to which power ups can be switched with ease. The game does feature an upgrade tree for the three types of arrows that Selena has and that the three powers of the Werewolf. The only way to reach full power is to find all the upgrades. Aiming is a bit of a challenge when on controller as Selena aims using the analog sticks and this is especially prevalent in areas where platforms can only move if the switch is shoot at. I recommended switching to mouse in areas that require shooting and using the controller for the rest of the game. Life in the game can be increased by collecting sigils which are scattered throughout the levels and can really test the player’s platforming skills.The platforming ranges from easy to extremely difficult. Veterans of the action platform genre might not find the platforming to be that big of a challenge but for newcomers, it will most likely get really frustrating. There are many call backs to older platformers and the game is a love letter to those old school hard platformers. The checkpoints in the game help relieve some of the stress that the platformers give you and there is no life system so when you die, you go right back to your previous checkpoint. The tight controls of the game mean that jumping and landing on platforms is super smooth and easy which means that the challenge comes from the actual design of the levels. The enemies in the game can be killed pretty easily and they are mainly used as a hindrance when it comes to the platforming. The combat is not the most advance but it’s really great for this type of game as the shooting of the crossbow can take out enemies from a far while the werewolf can have a variety of attacks depending on the upgrades the player finds. Killing enemies really depends on the level design as it can either important to kill the enemies before progressing or just simply ignore them and avoid their attacks. The enemies are varied in appearance but the majority of them will be melee or long range types. There are boss fights which can either be really easy or require upgrades to defeat.The best parts of Blood of the Werewolf are in its tight controls and platforming which allows the player to plan ahead to finish levels of the game and the checkpoint system is fair and allows to take multiple deaths. The game is designed for the player to die a lot in the beginning but it allows replay ability by giving scores at the end based on time and amount of deaths received in the game. There are also two other modes in the game which are Score Run in which the you are trying to get the highest score and Endless Runner which times how long can the player survive. I personally do not have that much experience in these modes since the majority of my time is spent in the story mode but the story mode does make great practice for the other two modes. There is a leader boards for all three modes for the really experienced players looking for that extra bit of challenge. The story mode is great call back to the old B movie monster movies and the soundtrack helps compliment the overall aesthetic and mood of the game. The story revolves around Selena trying to get her baby back and it really gives a feeling a satisfaction in completing each level as Selena gets closer to saving her baby boy. The ending can be seen as sequel baiting which is both disappointing and great since I really want a sequel to this game. There is defiantly a ton of love poured into this game from the art design, level design, music and just the overall experience of the game. The sigh of relief you get from completing the levels already makes up for its really low asking price. This game is a definite recommendation and for only $2.00, it’s a steal especially when it goes on sale since I bought the game for a dollar. I think I can live without a dollar menu item for one of the finest examples of indie platforming right now on Steam and I look forward to their next project."
,Recommended,260250,11467448,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,white_wagtail,"To be honest, I hadn't even heard about this game before it has came to me for hillarious amount of money.And thank you Steam for these sales!To say that Blood of the Werewolf has stolen my heart and time (at least for last several days) is to say nothing. It's stylish, enjoyable and full of fun. It focuses on that old good jumping-ducking, if I can use this world, and has nothing distracting and upsetting.Oh. No. It has. My boyfriend almost broke his keyboard coming through one of the levels :DBut for the first time for at least dozen years I don't want to look for walkthroughs and hints.Great work."
76561198023674214,Recommended,260250,10189158,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Catface,"A very interesting game. Plays clean, looks nice."
76561198034808517,Recommended,260250,10218791,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MAZZ,dat labratory level 10/10
,Recommended,260250,10210852,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,NyMpHyDrO,It's a fun 2d sidescrolling game
76561198038963412,Recommended,260250,10512457,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,C0untzer0,"10/10This may be the perfect example of the genre. Many games offer ""Old school platforming"" but so few of them really deliver that feel. BotW actually feels like playing the original ""Prince of Persia"" on my old A500 back in the '90s, while still being a modern production. The graphics aren't horribly retro, but carefully crafted, everything feels like it belongs together. Most important platforms look like they should while spikes look nasty and dangerous, so none of your inevitable deaths are caused by not knowing where you can land.Sound is atmospheric, with a minimum of voice acting, which is well done, and the professional quality helps keep you in the game.The difficulty level is tough, but fair. experienced platform players will feel comfortable, while new guys will hopefully learn to watch for clues early on.If you have even a passing interest in platform games, or you're just curious about how we used to game back in the day, this is the one to look at.It's a great game at the price, and if you see it at a discount, get it for sure."
,Recommended,260250,10207807,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Danilo,"WOW. This game supprised me. It was realy cheap so i thought ""hey why not sell that spare cs go skin and buy this game"". And boy did I make a good bet. Blood of the werewolf is a 2d action platformer. It has you as a werewolf in the moonlight and as a crossbow badass out of it. The first time you play this game you get in the sort of dark vibe this games gives you. The story is a story it doesnt make a hell of an entrance. But come on you dont buy a cheap game for the story. You also dont buy one for the gameplay. Yet this game has the gameplay. If you want some cheap game with great gameplay. BUY THIS GAME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ITS SO CHEAP AND FUN."
,Not Recommended,260250,11352016,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jamo,"This game is amazingly bad.I know it doesn't look it, but that's part of why it's so bad. The basic ideas are there. There's health to upgrade, secrets to find, platforms and spikes to jump on and around. The problem is how badly put together and generic the whole thing is.This game constantly reuses hazards and platforms from area to area with small changes at best that artificially lengthens stages. Every single enemy takes multiple hits. Especially the small guys. They take 6 hits in later stages. You also have to use this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crossbow too. Most of the ""combat"" is spent waiting in a single spot for your arrows to bore your enemy and yourself to death. The big bosses are exactly the same with occasional jumping thrown in.Even worse is when you're playing as the titular werewolf. Your hitbox is massive. It makes it very difficult to dodge projectiles, which luckily, you only have to do against the first boss really. Any combat is hand waved away with focus attack that one hit kills everything. Combat is either a monumental chore or completely inconsequential. This leaves platforming.As I said before, it's mostly the same hazards repeated 3 or 4 times over the course of one stage. As the stages become longer, this becomes more apparent as your soul starts bleeding out your eyes and ears. Your lifebar is laughably big. It makes most hazards easily ignorable too. That is until instant death traps start popping up. It's really surprising because the two things are completely counter productive. Why would you want to collect all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t strewn about the level if the hardest parts are just littered in spikes? It doesn't make sense.Everything about the game is boring bland dreck. Backgrounds are often two colored and simple to look at it. The environments follow by being uninspired and boring. There's nothing pushing you forward to finish this game and there's nothing waiting for you. The story?  It's just listening to the main character monologue then you fight a terribly designed boss for way too long because your weapon sucks, he has too much health, and the pattern is frustratingly basic. Even the music all blends together as the same slightly gothic orchestral crap. Even worse is that it's all open source from Kevin Macleod. He has better music available than this complete garbage selection.Just don't buy this game. You could teach classes on why this game is horrible. There's a lot to dig through. On the other hand, if you want to know how to improve your own game or what ruins others, feel free to play this. I can't believe anyone actually likes this. There's so many better platformers on steam. Even Akane the Kunoichi is a superior platformer."
,Recommended,260250,10083945,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Player 2,"Ok.  So here's what's in store for you should you pick up this game (for $0.99 it's a steal!):Pros:Fun.  I laughed when I died.  xDOld school shooter/platformer reminiscent of the old NES days.Tight controls (don't listen to what other people are saying, they are probably just BAD at platformers.  Sorry guys :/).An interesting Human/Wolf mechanic that forces quick adaptation.Beautiful aesthetics, ambiance, and music.Interesting, yet simple story.""Learn as you go"" mechanic with only subtle/necessary information being provided to help you adapt.Cons:Can be HARD if you're new to platformers of the old school type (think Ninja Gaiden, Castlevania, etc.).Can be EASY if you're a seasoned platformer.Having grown up in the Golden Days of NES gaming, I give this game an 8.5/10.  I hope they continue making games like this."
76561197989721075,Recommended,260250,10683238,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HotDoc,Excellent platformer in the style of Guacamelee with a dash of B movie horror.
76561198009662092,Recommended,260250,11017206,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jimby,This game is psychotic.
76561198095032364,Recommended,260250,11440457,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,REZT_N_PIECES,"This  game is pretty damn good has lots of good content, its challenging. plus music kicks but."
76561197995276835,Recommended,260250,11592621,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Raise the unraisable Donger,Super Super hard Platformer.Graphic Settings actually change nothing and it lags especially in fire levels
76561198047188834,Recommended,260250,10642857,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Maxter Max,"Decent little platformer with nice level design. Completing the levels themselves will likely take a couple hours and the game does have leaderboards for speedrunning, as well as offers a point collection mode, and an endless mode both of which will test your ability to complete levels efficiently.Overall though I have enjoyed playing it and trying to get better times and scores. The levels definitely become challenging towards the end, though usually by using spikes that insta kill you and having enemies knock you into them which can get frustrating."
,Recommended,260250,22493953,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"A difficult platformer that begins to skirt the level of I Wanna Be The Guy and Super Meat Boy (albiet the lower end of those for sure) at its more difficult parts. The game gives you a life bar, but later levels require perfect precision and constant movement otheriwse you fall into one of the many instant death traps, so at that point you may as well not have a life bar. The game has its fair share of ""dodge these three things perfectly, jumping out of them and simultaneously bringing an enemy on screen that throws a grenade perfectly into your jump arc"", (as well a sCastlevania medua heads, though it's birds here) almost enough to make you want to bail on the game. The levels are fairly bitesize - about 20 minutes, and that was with me dying a strenuous amount of times and getting the lowest rank the game offers. If you're good at the game (I'm not) the levels are much swifter.The game offers a story mode, a score rush mode, and a randomly generated Endless Mode, for plenty of high score getting and speedrunning fun. Not something that I'd want to grind on, at least not for this game specifically. Sprinkled through levels are also upgrades for the character in both human and werewolf form, as well as a vast number of Sigils to collect that raise your maximum health.Several reviews complain about the controls being stiff, but I never experienced that at all. (I read there was a 2.0 patch - I never played the ""old version"" of the game, so it's possible they were worse, but now they're very responsive.) The game is incredibly responsive in its movements, giving you perfect control over character momentum, on ground and in mid air, even when double jumping in werewolf form.As I type this, the game is $1.99. I f you enjoy platformers and can handle the occasional amount of rage some of the more frustrating level design is going to give up (or just enjoy that sort of thing), the game is an absolute steal, especially if you intend to do the score attack stuff or try to get B/A/S ranks on all the stages."
,Recommended,260250,15005409,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,"Great game, even though is a platformer that are known to be hard I found it a lot harder than I thought. Luckily they waste no time in dropping you back in and are very generous with the checkpoints. My only problem with the game is the art style where some of the models are 3D but the game itself is 2D. It's hard to explain but I really just feel they should have picked either a 2D or 3D art style. Other than that it's a pretty good game.Also this game is much easier if you have a controller of some kind."
76561198034289354,Recommended,260250,10221994,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,StayPuftMarshMan,Surprise PlaTfORMER!!!!
76561198097125056,Recommended,260250,14373524,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,razbereh,"I really liked the game. I got it because werewolves. Other comments I read were saying its hard, and it kinda is. But I found that playing with a controller helped. It feels like cheating because its a pc game but its much more fun with it in my opinion."
,Recommended,260250,30249121,Posted: 28 February,all,captaingavin1991,a GREAT little unerrated 2d platformer ignore the people saying the controls are bad if your decent at old school platformers you should adapt to them pretty quickly theyre quite smooth and responsive once you are used to them pretty good story and fun boss fights nice art style and generally solidly designed game.
,Recommended,260250,11584421,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,JB,"Blood of the Werewolf is a brutal and very challeging platformer, unleass you are into games like Super Meat Boy and similars,dont go near it. Mid levels and forth the dificulty is simply nerve wracking and the scenarios/levels leaves almost no room for mistakes. Have in mind that this is a strong point of the game, if this is a positive or negative it goes down on your personal taste, and since this is the meat and potatoes for this title have this in mind.For other points, its fair to say that the art and plot is something that stood out for me the most. This is not the focus, but a female protagonist driven by the fact that she needs to protect her son is very appeling to me.Its a great game IF you are into punishment fair gameplay."
76561198079587871,Recommended,260250,10966392,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nagto87,"This game is fun but difficult at the same time with the 2D platform and a great artstyle to the game itself. Ah the memories I had with this game: the rage quits and the moments with hard bosses. I still have nightmares about that one level in the game itself. If you like the werewolf thing, well give this game a chance. It's a good inde game, not the best but good.   Voice acting is good to me and the only issue I truly had with the game is on my part with the way I set it up.  The story is great though. I personly recommend playing this game on a full moon for a better feel for the game in my opinion.  I am not the best reviewer out there since all games that I've played are good in a way but just give it a shot! Also the werewolf mode is fun and it looks like a wolf as well!(I've wanted to review this game for awhile now but I can never bring myself to give it a review though...)I personally give it a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,260250,10177860,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,E T E R N A L M O N E Y,good game
,Recommended,260250,10205800,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,GutstheBranded,"A amazing game, I recommend this game for sure!"
,Recommended,260250,12040742,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,theotherwinchester,"After playing this game for a few hours, I can definitely say that it's very enjoyable. It puts a fun spin on the usual storis in games, because in this one, the mother is seeking revenge for what happened to her husband and son. It's got fun gameplay, and I think that some bits are challenging and frustrating, but that makes getting past them that much more fulfilling. Most of the achievements take at least a fair bit of work as well, so you won't get bored if you're trying to get them all. For the amount of challenges and the quality of gameplay, not to mention the interesting story, I would say this is more than fairly priced."
76561197973865945,Recommended,260250,10298002,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Tiffany_Rye,i picked this up because a reviewer by the name of total biscuit praised it. it was on sale for a buck so i thought what the hell. Man I am sure glad i did because for 10 bucks its a deal but for a buck thats a steal.if you're a fan of old school castlevania then this is the game for you. you can tell the developers were paying homage to one of their favorite franchises. castlevania fans will get the little nods here and there(what a horrible night to have a curse)its 2d/3d side scrolling action at its best. whats unique is you play as selena who when your outside during a full moon transgforms into a werewolf. both characters play differently too. selena you are equipped with a crossbow that you can upgrade that has a special attack. using your mouse to aim while jumping adds a new element to th gameplay. the werewolf has a larger hitbox but can double jump and is a tank of a character. i love the story and the cut scenes are very well designedJust like castlevania and ghost n goblins this game is diffucult. i would go so far as giving it the title of nes diffucult. you do have checkpoints which are often but even still some of the traps and stage designas are diffucult.there are also other game modes to keep you busy a endless mode as well as a arcade type of mode to see who can rack up the highest score complete with leaderboards. plus with 1`25 achievements there is a lot of content here. i cant say enough good things about this game. as a fan of the old school side scrollers this pays tribute to them but updates it with a fresh look.
,Not Recommended,260250,10595727,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Haunted,"I'm not certainwhyI expected more combat than asinine reflex platforming, but I should've known better.  It seems Greenlight + ""platformer"" + action == ""puzzle-less frustration-inducing rancid sack of feces"" these days.  The difficulty in this subgenre could be written off if the keyboard controls weren't so shoddy and the character sprites didn't float all about the landing area.  Yes, there was a cutesy screen telling me to use a controller--no.  I don't play games on PC for the opportunity to use a subpar method of input.The Good:- nostalgic interface and theme- involuntary transformation mechanic- rapid reload after deathThe Bad:- weak voice acting- dull writing- ugly scene design- leaderboards timer cluttering up the interface (cannot disable)The Ugly:- sluggish scene animations that ruin reaction timing- wretching character pathing in a game where collision detection determines survival- zero puzzles (reflex gauntlets aren't puzzles)"
,Recommended,260250,23027043,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Harley,"Blood of the Werewolf ReviewDid you know, that there is no female equivalent of “werewolf”? We have mermen and mermaids, vampires and vampiresses, warlocks and witches but no feminine werewolf noun. I have thought about this for far too long and I propose they should be called “were♥♥♥♥♥es”, because it sounds totally badass. Right. Glad that’s sorted.Blood of the Werewolf is a 2D action platformer from indie developer Scientifically Proven, part Castlevania and part Super Meat Boy, smothered by an overly dramatic narrative that attempts to pay homage to the classic monster movies of the 30s and 40s. It sounds good on paper, but fails to achieve any one aspect particularly well. It just about manages to pass with solid gameplay and decent level design, but neither are anything to shout about.You play as Selena, a Were♥♥♥♥♥, on the hunt for her kidnapped baby after an attack left her severely wounded and her husband dead. But if movies, TV and games have taught us anything, it’s that you don’t mess with a mama’s baby (or a baby mama for that matter) so armed with her crossbow and the ability to go full beast mode, she takes on the other classic ghouls including Dracula, the Mummy and Hyde (of “Jekyll and” fame). I’m not sure why the other monsters are such a pain, though; you’d think being feared and hated by all of humankind would bring them together to form a sort of Munsters-type commune, but apparently not. They hate you and they hate your baby. After a few of them feel the sharp, bloody claws of female empowerment, you find out Dr. Frankenstein is the main culprit and plans to make an army of werewolves from your child’s blood. You are understandably upset by this.It’s not the worst excuse for a plot ever seen, but it does take itself very seriously. The writing is over the top most of time and doesn’t allow the solid voice acting to do itself justice. If it opted for a lighter tone, maybe one a little more playful, it might be much more charming. Sadly, it demands to be taken seriously, even with such antiquated and tired subject matter.The influence of classic horror movies is obviously apparent, but poorly incorporated. The grainy, vintage title cards announcing boss fights and new locations are about the only thing that capture the vibe it was aiming for. The atmosphere they were trying to create is slightly at odds with the choice of art style, as Scientifically Proven attempt to merge the monochrome menace of Universal Pictures’ pioneering monster flicks with crisp, colourful cartoons. It just doesn’t work. However, if they had opted for a less serious approach then it could well have suited.The game plays like any Castlevania clone but with one minor difference: Were♥♥♥♥♥ powers. In human form, you’re armed with a crossbow; while channeling your inner wolf, you rely on melee attacks but have the added “double-jump” ability. Both have their merits and uses but you don’t get a say in when you transform. At various points in each of the 10 levels, you change from one form to another, but it would be far more enjoyable if you were allowed to choose for yourself. Upgrades are available for each form but, they are well-hidden.The levels themselves are well-designed, and variation keeps things fresh – there are some clever platform moments that really stand out. Of course, there are also a share of rage-inducing, controller-tossing, hyper-difficult moments that will make you swear like a dock-worker with tourettes. The Super Meat Boy comparison is justified, but where that game made you feel like it was your fault, Blood of the Werewolf feels less fair at times, with certain jumps or sequences that are too unforgiving.VERDICT: Blood of the Werewolf is a short ride and, ultimately, a forgettable one. There’s little to bring you back around for another pass unless online leaderboards are your thing, and although it’s selling for a bargain on Steam it just doesn’t come highly recommended. There are some brief moments where it shines, but it’s mostly flat, uninspiring and lacking any real innovation. But the most important thing is that we finally answered the age old question of what to call female werewolves.5/10AVERAGE. The epitome of a 50/50 game, this title will be unspectacular but inoffensive, charmless but amiable. Im not condemning a game by scoring it a 5, but I am certainly not championing it, either."
76561198043698886,Recommended,260250,10351142,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,shiny arc,screw meta critic this game is awesome
,Recommended,260250,12863262,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sangrief,"Great mechanics, tight controls, challenging levels, fun bosses, and good safepoints.You will die, you will say naughty words, but in the end you'll feel great.An allround rewarding game that gets you hooked really fast."
76561198035054806,Recommended,260250,13007213,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,sara_bear,"Nicly themed platformer. Easy to master controls, nice power ups, and a good story."
76561198035470807,Recommended,260250,11061743,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nacho Man Randy Sassage,"This game is great. Plain and simple; it is challenging and the story is wonderful. Erin Cummings is a brilliant as Selena, our loving werewolf mother, and she gets all the lines right. Timing is a ♥♥♥♥♥ on this game, if you get it right, you feel accomplished but only after you die.... and die.... and die, over and over again. That's not a problem though; I think games these days are becoming too easy. They don't make us struggle to succeed. Still, this is a great game. Buy it when it goes on sale, if you aren't sure you'd like it. Or you can just buy it now. I'd love to see something else developed by these guys."
76561198053117581,Recommended,260250,11524904,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,classysheik,"I really, really wanted to love this game. The story and aesthetic are just incredible. I love the old monster movie vibe and I just can't get enough of Selena's character. That being said, the gameplay itself is just too difficult on the player. My computer is only a couple years old but it has a hard time keeping up with the graphics, making movement slow and tedious. That, with what seems to be a slight delay on when I press the keys, makes it almost impossible for me to get past the Laboratory. It got to a point where I spent over an hour on one part of the level and when I finished it, I just gave up and haven't touched the game since. If the developers fix that up, I'll give it another shot."
,Recommended,260250,11570618,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,rickylows2,i like this game why cant castleviana on steam be like this its seems like a castleviana but its not
,Not Recommended,260250,25518492,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,crippknottick,"This game does not know if it wants to be a ""love letter to classic horror"" or a Megaman clone. The clashing of artistic styling (black & white horror mixed with futuristic platforming stages) is abysmal.But most importantly, the game is just not fun. It's not fun at all. This is the first game I ever immediately uninstalled from my HDD that wasn't refunded (too late to refund this game anyway). I mostly keep all my games on my HDD (4TB dedicated to Steam games alone) just cuz, but this game is so bad I think I may remove it from my Library.Do not recommend, not even on sale because it is just a waste of time to play."
,Not Recommended,260250,27902970,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,retrogomagomes,"This game is just bland. Played it for about half an hour and if felt totally 'meh'. The art is generic, sounds are weak, overall the game looks like a prototype or a alpha version of what could be a funny game about 60's and 70's movie monsters.Enemy AI is dumb and predictable, I almost got no damage at all when I played it. You don't feel satisfied after beating a level because there is no challenge.Anyway, I woudn't recommend it to either a casual player nor a hardcore platformer fans. I know this is pretty cheap, but for 1 or 2 bucks you'll find better games around."
,Not Recommended,260250,31517478,Posted: 2 May,all,thatblueninja,"This game's theme and old school monster focus are one of it's biggest strengths. That being said, this game suffers from extreme difficulty spikes that require multiple deaths just to figure out the correct pattern. With sparsely placed checkpoints that make this even more frustrating. The story seems uninspired (Underworld ripoff), meaning that you have an angry supernatural female protagonist who is out for blood and revenge. It is a game thats able to present a fun challenge in one stage and then rip that fun right out of your hands in another. No matter how often I come back to this game, I just can't seem to find enjoyment. If you do want to try this game out, I HIGHLY recommend you get it on sale."
,Recommended,260250,13245576,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,insideClaw,"Amazing shapeshifting platformer that I keep coming back to. Tons of replay value with endless mode and the game in general feels very polished, and the form changing feel natural and satisfying. Little gem of a game!"
,Recommended,260250,13309493,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Foxmacro,awesome game but hard still good and fun
,Recommended,260250,10171847,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Sean Hennity's Left Testicle,i bought this when it was on sale for $5 and now it's $1.that severly depresses me.
,Recommended,260250,10541948,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Raptorkitty,Fun and challenging platformer. Great for fans of classics monsters. The art is beautiful and there's a variety of modes to play.
,Recommended,260250,10582540,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,butt,"This is an amazing platformer that reminds me of Castlevania. It is difficult, but never unfairly. It'll teach you basics and then throw you into the level and though you may die multiple times, you will never become angry, as you will learn what you needed to do because of how you died. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,260250,10207319,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,tamper2,"Well, I can't really give a straight yes/no review for this game, as it has very good aspects in it (like its unique mechanics or its very nice platforming engine), but it has bad aspects - such as bad balance between its elements. The enemies are pretty easy to deal with, while the trap areas are horrible to go through and are way too easy to fail in and are too long compared to any other part, reducing the game to just repeating one part in every level dozens of times, making every level a lot longer than it should be.I think there is a lot of polish this game could benefiet from (for example, you can see the character still moves after you die and is just invisible, or that a few times I died without a proper explanation), but overall it's pretty nice, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a game to play for a few hours, most likely if it's on sale (I bought it during 90% off sale for $1)."
76561197998851273,Recommended,260250,14653786,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Streeky Flinders,Loved the soundtrack to this game
,Recommended,260250,27540552,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paragleiber,"This is one of the most underrated games that I have seen. I have no idea why it only has mixed reviews. It is a really solid platformer that I enjoyed just as much as highly acclaimed games like Trine, Guacamelee or Shovel Knight. Maybe it is slightly worse than those 3 but definitely not as much to justify such a huge difference in rating.The game has 10 regular levels and 5 boss fights. The boss fights don't really have any replay value but the regular levels have a ton of it, which is one of the biggest strengths of the game. I replayed all the levels many times because I was motivated to get all the collectibles and complete each level in a fast time and without dying.People who still want more after that can also play each level in a special ""Score Rush"" mode, where you have to not only complete the level but also collect special tokens along the way to stop the time from running out. On top of that there is also an ""Endless Challenge"" mode, where you have to complete as many rooms as you can in an endless procedurally generated level. You will notice the same rooms repeating somewhat quickly here but for me this mode is just a bonus on top of the regular levels, so personally I don't mind this.The difficulty of the game was just right for me. It was challenging but never unfair. In most levels I died quite often during my first playthrough but after I became more familiar with the levels I could complete even the hardest ones quite fast and consistently.In normal mode you have infinite lives and there are reasonably frequent checkpoints, so even bad players should be able to finish the levels eventually. Skilled players on the other hand should find quite a challenge in Score Rush mode when trying to get all the achievements.The story is quite forgettable but I think this is the case in many platformers. The gameplay has a decent amount of variety, due to the two different characters that you play and a fair number of enemy types. I also liked the graphics of the game.The later levels have a lot of instant death obstacles but with some practice you can definitely learn to avoid them and bring your death count to a low number. This is a not a hardcore platformer where you die all the time even when you know the levels.I played the game with an Xbox 360 controller and the controls were mostly smooth and intuitive. The game specifically recommends a controller, so with keyboard it's probably not as great.And finally there is the super low price. Even without sale the game costs only 2 euros! Don't let the price fool you. Maybe you think that such a cheap game can't possibly be good but this one really is. I have no idea why they are selling it this cheap. I would easily recommend it for 5 to 10 bucks as well.I am nominating this game for the Steam Awards in the category ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award"". (Yes, I know that it already has some awards listed on the store page but apparently those weren't enough to give it the recognition and rating that it deserves.)"
,Recommended,260250,10919303,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RC Rebel,"A fun story driven platformer that actually poses a bit of a challenge (just not as much of a challenge as, say, Megaman). What truly sets this apart is the level of detail in the story elements and, most of all, the atmosphere; it's a love letter to classic monster movies, and I eat that right up. All in all, if you enjoy old school platformers, this is worth picking up.Plus, if you want to see more female protagonists in video games, you gotta make your voice heard with your wallet."
,Recommended,260250,19562367,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ZuruXu,"This game reminds me so much of Castlevania I & 4 that if you're a fan of those game I know for sure you'll fall in love with this game as much as I have. The game is linear, you go through the stage and collect sigilis to gain more health and find the powerups hidden along the way. Selena's human and wolf form have 3 different special skills that get upgraded twice as well as two other upgrades for attack power. At the end of each sigil collecting stage is a boss battle. Also, if you miss any hidden sigils or powerups, and you will, you can replay the levels to get the ones you missed. The graphics aren't high-end but I'm assuming it's a stylistic choice because I find them absolutly charming. The voice acting of the narrorator is amaing.The only con I have is that there's knockback damage - no one in gamer history has ever asked for this!If you're in the mood for old school action platformer then give this game a shot. When I play games I always ask myself if my gameplay experience was worth what I paid for and in this case I will say absolutly. I find the mixed reviews harsh. It's only 1,99 USD, come on! I got this on sale but I would gladly pay the full, modest price for this game, double even. When I looked through the FAQ to look up how to get my direct input controller to work, I felt like the developers really cared about what their customers thought and had a lot of love for this game. I hope to see more from them in the near future."
,Recommended,260250,10351162,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,thorvindr,"Not bad. I get a little disappointed when a platformer needs a mouse, since I generally game on my laptop. Feels a lot like Aladdin for the SNES or the old Prince of Persia, but way easier. Yeah, ""not bad"" is really the highest praise I can give Blood of the Werewolf."
76561198218069419,Recommended,260250,20022003,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,waaurufu,"Anyone who seeks a challenging but rewarding platformer, rejoice, for you have found your game. Blood of the Werewolf is not for the faint of heart, it will test your skills throughout the entire game, and just as you begin to tell yourself ""it can't get harder than this"", well guess what bucko? It gets harder.This is not a casual game, it will demand prefection from you often, but if you are up to the challenge the game has a rewarding cycle of tension and release, and the controls are tight enough to make most deaths feel like they were your fault and not some cheap shot the game threw at you. But be warned, the game /will/ give you some cheap deaths and there are sections of the game you will have to memorize to get through. I want to continue to reiterate that this is a game that will demand you get good or get out. If that is not your thing, don't buy. But if you have the spirit of a werewolf in you to perservere, then I wish you luck. It's not an easy journey, but your accomplishments will have weight, and I promise you'll feel like a true badass werewolf by the end of it all.Now get out there scrub, your baby's counting on you!"
76561198067835731,Recommended,260250,16284111,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Crazy,"It's very fun and a different kind of PC game i definitely recommend to to everyone, mostly to people who like games like binding of isaac."
,Recommended,260250,11984267,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Muscle Moose,9/10Hard as balls. Bosses are properly difficult. Platforming and concepts are fresh with each new area. Very NES <3
,Not Recommended,260250,11799346,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Sarcastick,Before the first boss it's a really fun game but from then on in it's just a rage fest of clunky platforming which is tied together with repetative minions who do bullsh*t attacks. The storyline is a little boring and cliche BUT the art style is really nice.So if you want a good rage game; here you go
,Not Recommended,260250,10207105,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Narrator,"This is possibly one of the most frustrating games I have ever played.Do you want to torture yourself with check points, instadeath spikes, pitfalls, damage knockbacks and collection for score? Do you want to get that S rank so badly, WITHOUT dying?Then this game is for you. A good look back at how frustrating games could be. This would do excelent in an arcade hall.If you like this sort of game, more power to you.p.s.You are insane if you like this sort of game.p.p.s.I found the ending rather lacking.Did not get to the second ending, which is hidden somewhere in the ""endless"" mode.Please do note. I did not give this game my recommendation, because it nearly made me go insane with the high levels of frustration.If you are resilliant to this and are seeking a challenge? Get this game. It is well worth it. (If you can stand the pain.)"
76561198053783142,Not Recommended,260250,10802330,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,doomseeker,"I really wanted to like this game.  The graphics are awesome.  I love the concept of morphing from human to wolf.  The abilities are fine, nothing special.  Storyline is intriguing and captures my attention temporarily. The mechanics completely ruined my experience.  To be successful, you must be extremely patient and time your every move perfectly or it's instant death.  I cannot even clear the first boss.  I take too much damage too quickly and cannot deal enough damage back.  If there was another difficulty with less traps or higher defenses or such, I may actually recommend this title.  For a dollar though, you can't go wrong and was well worth a try.Graphics:  5/5Concept: 5/5Mechanics 0/5Story 2/5"
,Not Recommended,260250,16712883,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Blacksmith.13,"I don't give too many negative reviews, but I can't hold my tongue on this one... the game has potential. The art is pretty awesome, the soundtrack is great, the story is even enticing from what I've gathered so far. The real boner killer? The difficulty and damage system are completely ♥♥♥♥ed. Why so? This game is not Dark Souls, but feels like it is after a while. The puzzles are to hard and you can die several times because some random fire ball its you and pushes you back REALLY FAR for no reason what so ever, knock you into lava, and then get you stuck only to kill you over and over again. Sorry guys, I want to like this game, but until the difficulty and the bounce back are tweaked, I am gonna put this game in the back for a while. Hope to hear of a fix for this."
76561198023841958,Recommended,260250,20311408,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cravemonic,"Have you ever been a fan of Castlevania and werewolves? If your answer is yes, this game is for you, BUT it's a bit challenging.Imagine being on a boat that has holes here and there, while there's a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with you on the same damn boat. Can you survive without being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes, but it'll be hard as hell. Sometimes, this game will leave you in such situations and the checkpoint will be a mile away from such places, so it's can give a bit headache and consume couple of hours. Did i mention that this game can become slow, because, apparently 8 GM RAM, 1.73GHz 7 Core and 1 GB NVIDIA 330M is not enough to run it on high graphics?After reading my review, you're probably thinking about not giving a chance to this game, right? Well, the choice is yours, but i still like the game, even with these minuses. It was a fun adventure, liked the story and the art of the game, (wish you could transform into werewolf whenever you want) though the future ""sequel"" movie at the end made me laugh, a lot.P.S. Selena, after reading my review, please don't hunt me."
76561198021437141,Recommended,260250,17082255,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kozel,Rather intersting classic platformer. The only bad thing I can remember is that game repeats before every level that you should play with a gamepad while it is actually impossible -  many levels require fast and precise shooting. Use mouse.
,Recommended,260250,11905522,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ChrisCard,"I can't say I've enjoyed this game. I found it dull predectible level designs, no real upgrades whatsoever linear. The only thing that had style was the voiced texte preceding every level but otherwise I am happy to say I've finished and uninstalled this. Good luck next time, indie developper."
,Recommended,260250,12908892,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Worst Player,"It's not for everyone, but as far as 2D platformers go this is fantatic. Reminds me of an old arcade game i used to play at a cafe near me :3.10/10"
,Recommended,260250,14723071,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Hobo Merchant,Auctually a pretty decent action-platformer
,Recommended,260250,16233976,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,thetangledweb,"I've never even played this game, but steam tells me I've put 6 hours into it. Must have left the computer on by mistake. Probably cost me more than the game, which I got in a bundle"
,Recommended,260250,17035712,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,wadeithan,"Blood of the Werewolf is a good little platformer, especially for the price (and even more so if picked up on sale). It's a retro-styled platformer, but instead of slapping pixelart graphics on an otherwise pedestrian game and calling it a day like so many other ""retro"" games these days, Blood of the Werewolf eschews pixelated graphical styles entirely and subscribes to a retro-styled design theory that is much more evocative of the classics. In many ways, playing it took me back to my childhood of playing games on the NES that were great fun despite often being brutally unforgiving.Unfortunately, some of the problems of the golden era of platformers have come along for the ride too, such as occasional sections that require perfect (and I mean PERFECT) timing of jumps to avoid instant death on spike-covered obstacles. While none of them were terribly bad, thanks in large part to fairly generously spaced checkpoints, they do exist, and if you're the sort of person who gets frustrated easily, you might want to avoid this game in order to save your controller from a premature death.One final criticism that has nothing to do with the game's throwback feel: while the platforming was satisfyingly difficult throughout most of the game, the boss fights were very easy. That may not be a problem per se, but it seemed incongruous with the rest of the level designs.Overall, though, with the exception of a couple of (minor, in my opinion) flaws, this was a thoroughly enjoyable game that should appeal to retro gamers, leaderboard chasers, and speed runners the most."
,Recommended,260250,21109568,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ToneLeMoan,"Good, old-fashioned hard gameplay. Stop moaning wusses, this is easy for an early 90s games. Just learn patterns and persevere!"
,Recommended,260250,25378899,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Rock1m1,"I normally would not recommened this game at all if it was priced differently, but for $2, it can be a cheap way to spend some time on your hand.The game intro starts with a solemn storyline, however the actual game does not reflect that at all. It is a very basic platformer which is not challenging nor very enjoyable. The twist in this game is you essentially switch forms between a Werewolf and a human and with it the traversal and tools of the trade changes; however the actual gameplay reamins the same.I got this for $1 on a sale and even for $2 it is a great deal if you are bored and simply want to waste some time as you wait for some other game."
76561198001692835,Recommended,260250,10143798,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,bajanhulk_1,"Not a bad game at all missing a few things, and its gonna get you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when you die over and over again my advice is to take a break when u get too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game can run on most PCs but if your PC aint that good turn the settings down frame rate etc.. i got my copy of this game for 99 cents so best to buy it now before may 24th the price will be back up to 9.99 USD"
,Recommended,260250,10219147,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Raal Anpist,"This game has many desing problems. Bosses are really easy and too long. Enemies aren't a problem but sometimes they will knock you into the spikes - ♥♥♥♥ them. Some of the jumps are ridiculous... It would be okay in IWBTG but here it's just meh. 3D models aren't as easy to move precisely as 2D sprite with clear hitbox. Story is crap and these cutscenes are cringy. I sound grumpy.Overall, looks like a small game you would play on phone. For 0.99 it's nice. After completing game you can speedrun it a bit and #rek n00bs on leaderboards - that's really good :)"
,Recommended,260250,15131923,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DanteDemonarm,"Blood of the Werewolf...What is there to say? It's a halloween-esque platformer with action elements. It plays well, it looks good, and it's got just the right amount of challenge. It IS a bit generic, given how oversaturated the market is with 2D action platformers, but don't let that detract you from a truly good time."
76561198105445916,Not Recommended,260250,28219438,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Fugitive Mind,"Blood of the Werewolf is a generic action-platforming game with uninspired visuals, music, and plotting. Ttust me when I say you've seen it all before.If you're looking for a challenge, you've found one! This game has the most uneven difficulty I've ever experienced. Certain areas are too easy, while others are incredibly frustrating; there is no in-between. There's just little to like here outside of the solid gameplay and tight controls, so I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,260250,12479343,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xenoranger,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P3woc326F4
76561198011999649,Not Recommended,260250,7507746,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,DarkHumorXIII,an inconsistent effort especially for a speed platformer in dire need of balancing and maybe to be honest a few patches...neat to look at even to play...sometimes...
76561198093675738,Not Recommended,260250,15281015,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Olicross [KGaS],"The Worst Game I have ever played it is broken, it is boring and not worth the time or money"
76561198058844429,Recommended,260250,19418040,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TRAVIS VM,I think this game is a fun platformer with cool ideas though its not by any means revolutionary i would say blood of the werewolf is a good time and a good bang for your buck
76561198129101111,Recommended,260250,12405381,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,unknown.notregistered,"This particular style of 2D side-scroller gameplay isn't my kind of thing much anymore in this kind of game, but its a cool throwback to those old games.It has its merits, challenges and flaws - but it does it in a good and engaging way. If you don't mind the stark contrasts in difficulty to dodge everything or die on occasion it makes for an i ntriguing and challenging game.That, and for its price - especially on its current sale - give it a shot."
,Recommended,260250,18398270,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Boxy,"I really enjoy this game. The story's interesting, the gameplay is simple yet (very) challening at times. The grahpics can be kind of awkward, but that's not really an issue. Overall I'd recommend this game (especially fun to play during the Halloween season)."
,Recommended,260250,12310171,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,שלום,"If you are expecting this game to suck, you are going to be terribly disappointed."
,Recommended,260250,16507571,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"A very fun little platformer that reminds me of the classic Castlevania games...but also in it's unfairness too as being hit knocks you back and can instantly lead to your death.The story is very interesting and convinced me to keep going to find out what happens to the child and the whole story, but the big problem is that the ending doesn't just end, but only ends with a cliff-hanger. I'd love ot see what would happen and I love the addition of all these different movie horror characters, but beyond that there isn't anything too deep to it.I'd recommend it if you're looking for a difficult platform to try and master. Especially with some of the cheap moves from the Ghouls."
,Not Recommended,260250,32743750,Posted: 24 June,all,Verdantil,"Tags: PlatformerAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Audiovisually pleasant platformer with uneven difficulty, dragged out levels and clunky special ability swap user interfaceReview: Blood of the werewolf has you swap between a human protag that shoots the bow, and a wolf that can do dash attacks and charge up in idle time to do a bite, or otherwise claw at people. The wolf is slow and has a large hitbox and being forced to play with him is a chore. Levels can last upwards of 10 minutes and offer present you with the same type of ladder and small platform with foes that shoot at you and crows flying around over and over again. Game is pretty forgiving and instead of giving you insta death pitfalls allow you to fall in water and lose health over time. But then changes pace completely by adding difficult boss battles with the wolf, or adds very tight insta-death section with little to no margins. The sigil collection mechanic seemed rather pointless fillter. Having to access a separate menu RPG style to see and change special abilities felt rather clunky to operate with the gamepad and I would have simply preferred they mapped a quick cycle on one of the buttons to change combat styles, perhaps with a different art for each so that they can be quickly identified. Since the levels are dragged out so long, you get quickly tired of seeing the same environment assets and same foes constantly and not enough variety is introduced. You cannot swap from werewolf to human at will. The checkpoint system at least was somewhat generous enough not to force you to replay too many sections you have already completed.Conclusion: This game looks, sounds,  and mostly feels like a pleasant werewolf themed platformer game but the experience leaves you feeling more than a bit frustrated and underwhelmed. Especially when the game suddenly goes from boring slog through to dying over and over again on one small section."
76561198034974666,Recommended,260250,12385691,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sakerasu,Excellent game
,Recommended,260250,10300898,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Finesser of Thots,poop
,Recommended,260250,14649782,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Twisting Okarin™,That's a cool game... Now in sale for 80% OFF is worth of each penny
76561198028021554,Recommended,260250,13234523,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,jonasan81,CAN`T STOP PLAYING 10/*10 !!!!!!!
,Recommended,260250,12734722,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Devour,"Dear and Great Ol' Pumpkin(g), man I love this game. 9/10"
76561198048227370,Not Recommended,260250,29145981,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"This game looks pretty good and I imagine it is. I only got 20 minutes into it though, it's pretty slow/boring and didn't really grab me, and it's pretty easy for a game to grab me."
,Not Recommended,260250,11485514,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ShepherdMonk,"Although pleasantly challenging, Blood of the Werewolf does not quite make the cut.  A decent premise, but poor story and voice acting.  Where revisiting areas require replaying levels, this just ends up being a Metroidvania wannabe that is poorly designed around levels instead of a sequence of places.  On top of this the visuals look like they were done more than a decade ago.  Another case of promising potential that proves poor."
,Not Recommended,260250,13466186,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Gravy,"Blood of the Werewolf tries to be an old school platformer, but fails to capture that sense of fun and challenge. It's a very difficult platformer (due to the poor controls and hit boxes) that has a few main features that make the game frustrating and a chore to play. The biggest of these is the checkpoint system. Checkpoints are too few and far between. If we compare this to Super Meat Boy, it would be like playing through 3-5 levels without a place to continue from. This problem further persists into the Boss fights. A boss fight can take upwards of 8-10 minutes, and one boss fight has multiple stages with no checkpoints in between these stages/new health bars.Coupled with the knockback, and repetitive platforming sections (some sections are an actual copy paste, but with more fireballs, more fireball directions, or spikes which instantly kill you). It doesn't feel good to complete these sections, it feels like a chore since they're usually way too long. There are also issues where the foreground hides objects that you need to dodge or be aware of, which is just frustrating. There are a lot of good platformers out there, but with levels that take upwards of 20 minutes to complete, a poor checkpoint system, and frankly tedious boss fights (seriously, NO ONE wants to fight a boss for over 8 minutes, that's worse than some MMOs!) I can't recommend Blood of the Werewolf even though I love platformers. I bought it on sale, and I feel like I got my moneys worth in play time, but it wasn't enjoyable and I would glady have my time back, they can keep my money. I kept hoping it would get better, and it didn't."
,Recommended,260250,17268217,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Hazelton,Blood of the Werewolf: For those hardcore platforming veterans who feel the original Super Mario Bros had the right level of difficulty...
76561198081258457,Not Recommended,260250,15238802,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TrisKeLion,Way too hard for too few rewards...
76561198143671445,Not Recommended,260250,15430045,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,felix_and_co,Awful. It looks terrible and the gameplay is repetitive. Seriously save your money.
76561197992002816,Not Recommended,260250,13118368,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,sionsinu,"Basic platformer with some questionable hitboxes that causes you to miss quite a bit making the game harder than it should be. There does seem to be an interesting story with some good voice acting which was the main reason for my purchase,  but the gameplay was just too much for me to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,260250,13352353,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Twoskie,"I got this really cheap and well I guess that pretty much made it worth buying it. The art style is quite nice and the boss levels I played (Creature and Hyde) seemed quite nice even if simple. However as far as the general levels design goes I find it a bit weak. They might seem hard but in truth I found myself dying over and over due to silly enemies combos that are pretty hard to avoid without any previous knowledge. The way I see it a perfect level design for platformers should be hard, engaging and fluid. Blood of the Werewolf fails in the last two. Music and voice acting sounded ok.You're given some powers however from what I played they're barely used/integrated with the level design. They're all pretty much just things to kill quite resistant sack of meat. Which is quite sad since I enjoyed the way they worked, even though most of the time they were useless... And once again we go back to bad level design or at least identity. There's a timer and yet you're given a long range bow that takes forever to kill anything...As for the story, I tried checking a quick cutscenes video on youtube but there's none (guess I should find a playthrough). Also the videos on the gamefolder only show the animated sequences and lack the text part which seem to contain most of the story. From what I gathered the setting is pretty straighforward: You're a baddass mother (which I really liked!) looking to find who kidnaped your son. From the Trial version you know it's Dr. Frakenstein and he's responsible for sending out the monster bosses to delay you for his experiments with your son.from what I gathered the story doesn't end here and looks like it was made with a sequel in mind.In conclusion, gameplay is generally weak. Boss fights are nice although simple. Music and voice acting sounded ok. The setting seems reasonable but the story seems short and weak (but it is a short game)  with an endind that doesn't really seem to reward you barely manages to pull you for the sequel(?). So if you're looking into buying this game I guess I wouldn't recommend it. Sure I grabbed it for cheap and if you're curious might as well try it out. However there's not enough good thing on it to recommend it over other titles. Even though the art style looks nice and the setting is pretty cool :)"
,Recommended,260250,16280038,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Bluewolves,"Great fun, if you have an interest in monster movies and platformes this game will give you what you are after,"
,Not Recommended,260250,14697676,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DCxDemo,"I'm very disappointed even for a greenlight title. It is a cheap rip off from Capcom and Nintendo classic platformers. You can find all those flames, elevators, laser patters, everything. Gameplay is repetitive, design is amateur and not expressive at all. Another resident of my ""junk"" category."
,Not Recommended,260250,14683540,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lionarith,This game is not working. Menues are freezing before i can start game or change settings.
76561198021312091,Not Recommended,260250,19703128,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Gayfraud,"Awful controls, lousy platforming. You'll be frustrated, not challenged. Stay away."
,Recommended,260250,25522688,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ms. Stranger,"Alright, I know this game is getting mixed reviews, and while it is difficult, I still really enjoyed it.The music made me smile, the story had me intrigued and yeah, it was ♥♥♥♥ing hard but it was also an interesting play.Plus, I kinda suck at platformers usually, and this got me into it.I'm glad to have played it and continue playing it."
76561198066135987,Recommended,260250,19947818,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rikashey,Not a bad game. Fun and casual but challenging.Bought 4 copies for my friends and none of them have touched it...
,Not Recommended,260250,14396311,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Gharren,"A game that starts off as a promising platformer with an interesting concept and art style. But after the first boss, it suddenly evolves into a rage-inducing chaos that throws instant-kill traps and bullet sponge bosses at you like nothing else. This combined with the platforming sequences, that often require flawless timing and nearly pixel perfect jumps, and the unfairly placed save points, will make even hardcore platforming veterans quit in frustration. And even if you manage to get through a level after dying twenty seven times on the exact same spot, the game never really feels rewarding when it cold-heartedly punishes you with a ""C"" ranking at the end of the level and throws even more stuff at you in the next one."
,Recommended,260250,14800865,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,CHEJoK,★ ★ ☆ ☆ ☆
76561198029190809,Not Recommended,260250,10155098,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Fuocofire,"Blood of the Werewolf is a bad game overall.  Interesting art style, that I didn't much like, but at least unique.  The wolf looks really good but the animation for it is weird.Music was average at best.  Nothing memerable about it.Game mechanics were uninspired and annoying.  Most of them just repeated throughout the whole game.  The one interesting mechanic I found was only in the last level.Story was interesting but the ending was one of the worst things a writer could do to the audience.  Not going to say anything beyond that to not spoil anything.Overall I would rate this game a 3/10.  I like platformers and shooting like megaman, so that was fun.  Combat and boss fights were fun as well, but beyond that the rest of the game was generic and not great.  I got this game for $1, and it is not worth more than that."
,Not Recommended,260250,10182498,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Unabridged Gamer,"A major disappointment, I am sorry to say. Despite being eager for the premise of the title, all I found was a frustratingly unpolished title that aims to be like titles such as Super Meat Boy and classic Metroidvania but instead comes across as using difficulty as an excuse for sloppy copy-pasted level sections and a general feeling of being unfinished. If this was Early Access, I could understand some aspects of the game, but instead ended up wasting my money on a game I couldn't stand to finish.I write this not as someone who can't handle any game without a ""Follow"" beacon, but as someone who loves hardcore titles, such as the above mentioned Super Meat Boy, in addition to Dark Souls and Sir, You Are Being Hunted. I am perfectly happy when a game is challenging and lets me fail by my own mistakes. This isn't me failing to understand the mechanics, this is masochistic design built without remembering that games are supposed to be fun. So much of the game's core idea of a female protagonist in a gothic fantasy realm with two different styles of play and traversal sound amazing, and the screenshots above do the game far greater justice than the actual in-game levels look when in motion.I truly wish the developers the best, but cannot recommend this title to anyone other than the those who enjoy pure masochism for it's own sake. If you enjoy to rage at failures for even when you do a sequence right but are off by a milisecond, then maybe you can get something out of this. Anyone else is better off trying something like Dustforce, Dark Souls 2, or Eldritch. Hopefully when developer Scientifically Proven develops their next game, they'll take a better crack at polish and fun factor."
,Not Recommended,260250,10214992,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Nebri,"One of the most aggrivating games I have played yet. I love games that focus on wolves but who ever created this game needs to take things back to the drawing board or something. First level was a breeze and made the game seem cool. Second level I wanted to kill myself. Two words ""timing pillars"" anyone that has played this knows and there is A LOT of them. Glad I didnt spend full price for this game. So not worth it"
76561198008678879,Not Recommended,260250,10704109,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. Creaux,"Gameplay is slow and stodgy, voice acting is terrible, level design is nonsensical, and the whole experience is overall disappointing.  Wouldn't recommend."
76561198079169593,Not Recommended,260250,11351450,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Podsi,I can't get this game working.
,Recommended,260250,19948761,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Roland Gridley,"Gotta love all these bad reviews by dudes who can't handle a hard game with woman MC. BotW isn't the easiest game, but it's fun, challenging at times, and clever."
76561198027796616,Not Recommended,260250,11123186,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,boxesofordin,"If you like platformers with good mechanics, a variety of obstacles, and fun but challenging difficulty: this isn't the game for you. Blood of the Werewolf starts off weak during the very first cut scene. A picture to picture scrolling text with the most stillted narrative that I have ever witnessed. It's as if the game authors couldn't decide if they were doing an aside or an exposition into the games plot. The voice actors are terrible to boot. Cheesy cliche accents with even cheesier dialogue.All of that aside, the gameplay is solid. The controls are responsive, and there isn't any annoying jumping bugs that populate some other platformers. The aiming with the bow is a little annoying at times when you're trying to make that precise shot after dying a thousand times. The transformations between werewolf and human give you an interesting variety of gameplay elements but overall, leaving you wanting to be the werewolf all the time because of the double jump and ability to kill things. The enemies are way too tanky. Whenever you play in your human form, it takes upward of 5 arrows to kill anything in late game. That's not to bad but when you're stuck on a falling platform, there is no way you can kill the enemy. The enemies break the flow of the game and only seem to serve as nuisances.What makes me despise this game the most though is that it is a horrible rehash of old Nintendo games that did it better. The entire game feels like Castlevania mixed in with a bit of Mario. Not to mention that they use cheap knock-off versions of monsters made famous by Bela Lugosi. Dracula, Frankenstein, and the like. Overall, the game feels cheap, stale, and unorigianl to a tee. It's good for a one through, but don't have any high expectations."
,Not Recommended,260250,14568056,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,aClausJr,complete♥♥♥♥♥♥i havent actaully played 115 hours it was just left running in the back round. I have actaully played about 1 minute of this giant♥♥♥♥♥♥pile
76561198075753241,Not Recommended,260250,10243706,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ETP,"A very challenging game and good in its own right especially when in sale I would recommend it but the game went sour for me when I couldn't backtrack in levels.So when I choose one path and it turned out to be the one that led forward I couldn't backtrack for the goodies and had to restart the whole level. I don't know why they made it like that, i mean part of the appeal of the game is to collect all the things and I had to replay parts of the levels plenty because of own stupidity and now I had to do them again because I was not able to backtrack far into the level. Forced replays kind of suck, at least for me.I mean you could argue that in old Mario and such you couldn't backtrack either but those games are now old and if they had a leveling system with platin sigils or whatever I would also try to backtrack. You could also argue that I was too dumb to realize which was the way to go but  I would like to argue that at  least in the second and third level things were not that clear.But the level design and theme is nice, also a little bit addicting."
,Not Recommended,260250,10191925,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,DEATH,"It's always a shame that the most important job in a dev team is left to the least competent developer. Obviously I'm talking about game design. This game is a straight up rip of Castlevania and I would be okay with that, if it didn't do it so poorly. The game is generally easy and smooth sailing for most of it than you get random difficulty spikes of pure masochistic nightmares. Rooms such as the famous vertical crusher drop, which require a whole lot of luck and 50+ deaths to accomplish, rip the gamer's experience to shreds. The design is highly flawed and inconsistent and despite all the great talent put into the art and music, the design holds it all back. I'll admit, I had a little fun in the beginning but it quickly, oh so quickly, becomes a chore to play. I wouldn't say I rage quit or got angry, I'm simply disapointed. It could have been so much better..."
,Not Recommended,260250,10231729,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Prowler™,"Considering i loved Syobon Action its strange i find this game so frustrating.Having to platform, dodge projectiles, aim at switches and race against instant death all together without a check point just isnt enjoyable.Has a sequel bait endingThe mummy boss is just death from castlevania reskinned"
,Not Recommended,260250,10181518,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,MintFish,Difficulty ramps up on the second stage; unless you're a masochist with your old school platformers you will get frustrated and give up once you hit industrial crushers.
76561198071705898,Not Recommended,260250,10182392,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rick Dagless,"I got this game because it was on sale for $.99 and i thought how bad could it be? I like platformers. When i played it, it felt like two of my favorite franchise, castlevania and mega man. But it feels like it took the worst of those two games and jumbled them up. As uncomfortable as being the werewolf is, i hate to go back to human form because it is so much worse. I would not recomend it but that is my opinion. It isn't a horrible game but i just dont like it."
76561198066058936,Not Recommended,260250,10373339,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,h_miranda,"Heavy to run, boring to play."
,Not Recommended,260250,10498939,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,VuULF,"Terrible graphics, gameplay, and voiceovers - wants to be Trine badly, but fails miserably. One game I wish I could just sell the license back to Steam."
,Not Recommended,260250,10217795,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,majik,"Just bought this for $1, and got to admit every critics I read were legit. The game suffers from heavy fps drop issues that make some parts unplayable, poor level design, low diversity (every level look the same), difficulty seesawing between super easy and super hard. There are some redeeming qualities to this game, just way overshadowed by its flaws. Too bad."
,Not Recommended,260250,10222483,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Chorus Kid #3,"This game is too challenging. Challenge is a good thing, and here it's not. At the first boss, I kept dieing, and dieing, until the point I just gave up and am not playing this game any more. The green goo keeps lowing your health bit by bit, you barely get any health drops from the slug thingys that spawn sometimes, and the boss its self barely gets hurt from you. This game is just too difficult to enjoy anymore."
,Not Recommended,260250,15812573,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,CalebAlpha,"Agh this game makes my eyes ache.  :(Very pretty but some trap sections although douable are extremely unfair, bascially even if you get all the jumps timed right and do well when you drop you can still get squished just by being 0.0001 seconds too slow.I wanted to enjoy it and I liked the gothic mood music very much. But with the frustration even when I do get past a section of pain and misery and take a break I feel drained and need to play somthing easier like Demons Souls to get the fun back.I would say if you fancy a fun platformer then look else where buuut if you like pain and have a lady in your life you refer to as ""Mistress"" then this game is for you  :)"
,Not Recommended,260250,11360032,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Komujeese,"Not very good. It's not fun, not worth the 2 euros."
,Not Recommended,260250,11081673,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,I Can't Even,"In the crowded land of 2D platformers, this one sits with it's generic, and otherwise un-notworthy friends."
,Not Recommended,260250,13057420,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dante589,Reminds me of trying to play Super Meat Boy. Incredibly difficult and unforgiving.
76561198042821840,Recommended,260250,31452597,Posted: 29 April,all,kujikuri,I love this game! Don't give me wrong I love realistic and immersive horrific horror games what this game is easy to play an addictive!
,Not Recommended,260250,23475893,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,picollo71,I don't see how you can make a game where you can be a werewolf boring.  Somehow this game does it.  PASS.
,Not Recommended,260250,7877360,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,zsStalker,"This is the worst platformer I've ever played.Looking on those screenshots I was expecting something on par with ""Sacred Citadel"" and yeah, game looks kinda nice. But that gameplay...Prepare to die tons of times. And it's not that ""fun"" like in ""Dark Souls"", ""Lamulana"" or ""Spelunky"". You will die because of stupid platform puzzles which require precise execution. Oh, and to make it even ""better"" they have added some flying/shooting monsters, when you try to jump on those crumbeling platform. And then - bam! You are dead.Try one more time?♥♥♥♥, no!"
,Not Recommended,260250,12807640,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"The biggest problem Blood of the Werewolf has is a remarkably inconsistent sense of difficulty. It swings wildly from insultingly basic and easy run and gun platforming to unforgiving hair pulling insta-death obstacle courses. Its clear Blood is intended to pay homage to popular old NES platformers, but it ultimately fails to capture that magic. It never seems to find a proper balance in what its trying to do. As I said, playing the game is a yawnfest until you run into a maddeningly difficult section exactly like the move-down-the-screen-as-fast-as-possible-to-avoid-the-insta-death-lasers part in Mega Man 2. Then it goes back to being easy and dull again. As a result, Blood manages to lack the enjoyment found in the games its trying to imitate.Graphically, the game tends to be repetitive and uniteresting. Each stage is populated with mostly the same type of enemy; there's very little variation. Plus the stages themselves visually rely in one basic background design repeated ad nauseam producing a generic look and feel. This oddly contrasts with the short cut scenes which are the most polished and competent parts of Blood of the Werewolf.The story itself is a fiarly generic vengeance plot sprinkled with common popular halloween fodder/famous literary monsters.It also doesn't help your Werewolf form looks like a bald lion with a dog's tail.The other distressing thing about Blood of the Werewolf is its an example of the indie industry's habit to inject retraded crap like gender politics into gaming. Nobody gives a flying F about the gender of what you play as. It has no factor in determining the quality of a game unless you've got a complete and obsessive fixation on gender or race politics that it psychologically prevents you from enjoying anything due to your warped perception of equality. Attempts to appease that demographic typically result in equally warped and out of touch characters because they've been converted from the original stereotype to suit that taste.Blood of the Werewolf's protagonist is a perfect example; she's a man redrawn as a woman. I'm not saying that to insult or troll. She really is as agressive and angry as any cliched macho man manly male video game stereotype driven to kill a nearly never ending supply of people and critters on her mindless journey generally from the left to right side of the screen.But then I realized something. Werewolf? Those involve full moons. Which happen.... Roughly once a month?wowand this... period... involves change, irritibility, irrational anger, and BLOOD...WOW!ok. I get it now. nevermind then! The main character's characterization actually is spot on and makes total 100000% sense now. ThanksThe $5 asking price isn't too bad. I can honestly say I've played games that cost the same but are much much worse. I can also say I've played better for the same price. I'd only recommend Blood of the Werewolf if its on sale."
76561198044097989,Not Recommended,260250,9766870,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,omegablue0231,"I hate people saying they're glad they're bring back old school difficulty. Shut up! Games are meant to be fun not tedious, that's why no dev makes games like that anymore. The reason games were that hard back in the day is devs had to keep your attention with their short♥♥♥♥♥games. This game is one of those games, way too short, and way too hard to be any fun, and not the Dark Souls you can learn the pattern way, in a playing Russian Roulette with three bullets kind of way.Not only that the controls just outright suck.Good visuals and concept but that can only take you so far."
,Not Recommended,260250,10257552,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,elevul,"Completely unfair difficulty, not helped by bugs with the saving system. Could have been an awesome platformer, but the absolutely stupid and unfair difficulty completely ruins the fun and any immersion the game could have. 0,99€ wasted."
76561198128200573,Not Recommended,260250,10182176,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Xylp,"This game sucks the whole world's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't waste your time and money for that! So much unobtainable achievments, so bad picture, so bad music, so hardcore. The only worth thing is the story but even that can't help to that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197977485957,Not Recommended,260250,12395599,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Entity325,"I can not in good conscience recommend this game. It's not a bad game, it's just not very good either. Its greatest crime is that it's mediocre in all respects.The art style is decent, the premise is passable. It's basically a Bleed clone that occasionally switches flavors. The game itself doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.Basic gameplay is a platform shooter with mouse aim. Sometimes the level will switch you up and let you play in Selena's wolf form, which is significantly more powerful but still rather clunky. In between levels you get some narration, Selena talking to her son as she's on her way to rescue him. It would have been a chance for good character exposition, but after level 2 the writers seem to have run out of ideas and begun rehashing ""Selena is mad because her husband was murdered and her son was kidnapped."" Which is fine if you're into that sort of thing. The level and boss title cards are clearly designed to evoke classic 1950s horror film. That would be great if any other part of the game had the same visual style, which they don't.Level design is the bland ""Stick obstacles in the player's way"" variety. The werewolf is supposed to have a double-jump, but the heights and distances between platforms are stretched out so that you need that just to get around, which pretty much negates the mechanic. Level designs themselves aren't much of an obstacle once you get used to them, so the designers apparently decided to supplant challenging gameplay by punishing the player for making any kind of mistake. In other words, expect to breeze along through a level until you reach one portion, where you will die a dozen times in a row, then resume breezing along on autopilot.It's not that the game is bad, per-se, especially not for the price. It just isn't good either. It's certainly interesting, it just needed some refinement... everywhere.I would like to bring up performance issues. My machine is older, but by no means underpowered, and it's perfectly capable of playing games like Borderlands, Starcraft 2, Warframe, and even some newer games like Mechwarrior Online if I bottom out the graphics.(Why on would actually want to play Mechwarrior Online is another question entirely, and MWO is not on trial for this review) Blood of the Werewolf was prone to slowdown even at the minimum graphics setting. For a 2D game, even a game which uses 3D characters and models to represent 2D gameplay, this is unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,260250,12845591,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Momentai,"Well, that's not my game. Could be better, but the controls are terrible, and jumping is... more terrible. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,260250,11333311,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Silent Snow,Couldn't get the game to work without renaming the Movies folder. According to the developer their movie renderer has problems. I can't be bothered to work around their problem. Not knowing how important the videos are for the story of the game. I cannot play it. Thus I cannot recommend it until they fix it.
76561198054059646,Not Recommended,260250,22312912,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kirito lord of noobs,meh
,Not Recommended,260250,8684844,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Brackhar,"After an hour or so of playthrough, I opted to put the game down.  The art of the game doesn't feel cohesive, so most of the rooms feel like you're still running through a designer's grey box level with just a few window dressings on them.  The level design for the most part is competant enough without too much innovation, but you will run into some fairly large frustration points (The docks smashers in particular made me stop playing entirely).  Overall I wouldn't describe it as a bad game since it is done competantly enough, but with so many platformers coming out these days it's difficult for me to recommend this one."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,260250,12895375,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dustin,"Great music, and visuals. Decent gameplay.Was kind disappointed that there wasn't any humans in the game, even though you're told humans killed your husband and stole your son. Yet you chase mummies, fish, and zomies.It started out decent and was challenging, then got tedious, and ridiculously hard forcing you to do cryptic jumps the game barely allows you to do or you get instantly killed.The bosses have way too much health, when you watch it go down you feel like giving up since it takes 20 minutes to defeat a single boss, the last boss it's just a big F*** Y** to everyone who managed to actually get that far.The only thing I liked was that it saves your game at checkpoints so you never have to restart a level.3/10"
76561197989053541,Not Recommended,260250,12401924,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,cheffdonty,A guilty pleasure at best. It's a game that is less than the sum of its parts. The gameplay is generic platforming fare: fast paced and mildly entertaining but meshes neither with the game's bland soundtrack nor its interesting but poorly executed setting.
76561198034600665,Not Recommended,260250,10202814,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sabrebear,"Blood of the Werewolf is not a terrible game. It is certainly playable, and attempts to offer the challenge of Castlevania 1 with a modern twist. However, the game suffers from unforgiving level design poor pacing within levels.Blood of the Werewolf works best when platforming isn't necessarily difficult. Going through simpler parts of each level, switching between werewolf form and human form, is fun and has a good feel. Werewolf combat, in the early game, is incredibly satisfying, as you can often take down enemies in one hit (with a ""focus attack"") that would take many shots of the crossbow in human form.However, every level of the game has a section where the difficulty skyrockets. Checkpointing becomes sparse, one-shot kills plentiful, and deaths common. These segments would be certainly appealing to people skilled in platformers if they didn't feel so unfair. Many of the deaths you end up with feel cheap, like the game is trying to kill you for no reason other than to kill you (rather than providing a challenge). Instead of having clear-cut rules and mistakes that feel like your fault, the game is out to get you. Progress comes to a crashing halt every time this occurs, and it happens in every level except the first.Bosses are sprinkled in here and there, and to me felt like they were challenging enough to be fun, but not so easy as to be boring (with one exception, Dracula, who felt easy and weak).Secrets are there for the taking, and are all over the game, but rather than giving you the Doom style ""how do I get there?"" feeling, they more often than not simply make you feel like you missed something important no matter where you go. Did I mention that all character upgrades, some of which are incredibly important to get, are hidden? Including new powers that make the game much more manageable? Yeah, I wasn't a fan of that. Progression should be in sight or not there at all, or all I have to see is a row of empty upgrades that I think I missed earlier on.But hey, the art's good. Except for the fire animation, which is comically bad. And the 2d animated cutscenes are great."
,Not Recommended,260250,10200778,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Saltlord For Hire,No.
76561198066488594,Not Recommended,260250,12078350,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Rabid Husky,this game is not woth 7 dollers i got this for 1 on sale and i cannot justify that price this is a 2.5d side scroller and the models are pretty ugly not to mention its a little glitchy especialy the camera there were many times i went to the next area and the camera just wouldnt follow and i would get clipped on barriers and thin walls
,Not Recommended,260250,7940038,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Disciple,"Well, what can i say, let's see...Hmmm, looks like this game is just unplayable - one of the worst indie projects of this year.Dev's need to fix general control scheme somehow.Graphics - GoodGameplay - Still not sureControl - Bad""You may destroy a keyboard or controller out of rage"", - they said. Yeah, that's true...."
76561198078823005,Not Recommended,260250,8495221,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Luke Wolf,"I came into this originally thinking it was just going to be a normal side-scroller, unfortunately they failed to have their metacritic score associated with the game, as a result it wasn't until after I had bought it that I found out that I was tricked and it was a maso-scroller (i.e. japanese hard instead of legitimately hard).  Unless you're the kind of person who enjoys that kind of thing don't buy this.  I'm all the more disappointed because I had been hoping for a good sidescroller with a werewolf as the good guy (or girl in this case) with the greenlight."
,Not Recommended,260250,19816403,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Gunderson Mallard,"Lately, I had been feeling like my relationship with Selena was one-sided. She was incredibly controlling and demanding. I just had no idea why every little thing had to be perfect or what right she had to be so judgey (I mean she wasn’t the best looking thing around and she was a bit of a bore). As demanding as she was, she was also really unresponsive. Being around her felt like a chore. It’s not like I didn’t like a challenge, I just want to feel rewarded too. Yeah, it was great that she liked old Castlevania games (pre- Symphony of the Night) and horror movies, but she really seemed to lack a personality of her own.I think one of her big problems is she spreads herself too thin all the time. It’s like she wants to be an acrobat and a boxer, but she doesn’t do either particularly well. I mean, I don’t think she would be a terrible at jumping around or fighting people, I just think she needs to focus on being great at one thing at a time. She also doesn’t know how to tell a story really, she lacks focus and doesn’t know how to make it engaging. Between you and me, almost every time she started to tell me a story about something, I felt pressed to act interested and I often forgot everything she told me the second I looked away.She had these little habits that irked me. She would try to cook up “new” things to try to spice up our relationship but the problem was she never actually came up with anything refreshing. Selena just didn’t know when to stop either: whether we were talking or just trying to spend time together, she would just drag things on and on and being around her just felt repetitive. I managed to feel both bored and frustrated with our relationship pretty quickly. I felt like I was caught in a routine: fighting all the time over little things, feeling rushed around everywhere, jumping through hoops, and it was exhausting. I felt like I couldn’t win with her, and even when I did I still felt like I was losing in a larger sense.It’s a shame. I think we had some things in common, I mean she seems like my type, but I think in the end I couldn’t keep pretending that I liked being around her. She’s not awful, she is just average with flaws that I can’t handle. Life’s too short to spend time with someone you can’t enjoy being around, and that’s why I had to leave her.Also she got me a copy of Blood of the Werewolf. I am not going to put up with that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,260250,10185161,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,eXcruciate,"First off, play with a controller or don't bother, trust me.One of the most frustrating games I have ever played, if not the absolute most frustrating. The way you progress in the game is, no exaggeration, pure memorization and trial and error and not so much skill. Skill comes in to play way after you have memorized what happens and have replayed from a checkpoint a dozen times or more to get it right. Then the only skill you need is twitch gaming because you don't even have a fraction of a second to hesitate. It started off and I loved it but by the first boss I could quickly see where the game was going on its quest to deserve its 65/100 metascore. I am surprised it is even that high but then again metascores are sometimes way off from what a score should be. I beat the first boss after a few tries and was on to the next area. After a couple stages my rage was boiling so hard I couldn't take anymore and pretty much do not want to see any more of this game ever again. It has the most frustrating platforming jumps I have ever seen. One fatal flaw of this game that I have not seen since Castlevania or Ninja Gaiden and makes it just as frustrating is that you get knocked back when you get hit, EXACTLY the same way as in those two games. So you can get hit once and get knocked back and get hit four more times unavoidably. In my opinion, that knockback killed Ninja Gaiden and it kills this game too. Everything is done fairly competantly and it has decent production value, it is just riddled with astronomical levels of frustration.I made it to the stage where you are trying to avoid the red/blue lights so that they don't send a lighting ball after you that you have to run a mile from but can't because you will hit another laser or enemy and just end up being bounced around like a ♥♥♥♥ing pinball and lose all your health. Some jumps in the game are just ridiculous. They expect way too much from the player from some of the jumps meaning that you are going to be retrying from a checkpoint over, and over, and over again, dozens of times. And that is the other fatal flaw with this game: bad checkpointing. It is so easy to die because of the games BS frustration based mechanics and only really advance-able through sheer perseverance that combined with the crap checkpointing will have you tearing your own face off.One example is when I had to run against a conveyor belt moving at me while avoiding a security light that summons a ball of lightning that chases you a long♥♥♥♥♥way and does a ton of dmg if it hits. There are guys in between throwing green poison bottles in an arc making the jump extra hard to time right. I get through it and the last guy has a wall in front of him so I can't shoot him. I time it right to jump past the security laser and over the wall behind him (after about 15 tries). The NEXT security light, which is by now about the tenth one in a row so far since the last checkpoint and was very hard to get to, sees me and hits me with a lightning ball. It bounces me back into the guy's green bottle that he throws in a perfect arc to match your jumps, bounces me back over the wall into the other security light into a lightning ball, then into the security light before it into another lightning ball, and I am dead. I hung my head and laughed to myself for a good minute before I said enough frustration and that is it. I tried that part probably 20 times and that was enough. I stuck it out against my better judgement and made it past that and a little later in the level there is a part where you have to descend screens while the walls slam in on you line by line, similar to the imfamous level in Megaman on NES. ♥♥♥♥ man, it is just not fun at all. If you hesitate even a fraction of a second you will get squashed. With practice I could beat the game after hundreds of retries from checkpoints but that is the main problem. I want to play a game, not play through it from checkpoints for the vast majority of the game. When I pay for a game I want to see all of it and not feel like I am at work having to do work to get there rather than be able to just enjoy a game. This game = frustration at its highest level.I am not even easily frustrated. Just frustrated by games that are falsely difficult where the challenge is pure memorization and trial and error and not skill. And knockback that is literally the same knockback as Ninja Gaiden, which ♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥getting knocked into something else or into a pit of lava. And I mean ♥♥♥♥ing constantly, every inch of every level. And I would consider myself very capable with hard games. I can breeze through Hotline Miami and I think it is not as brutally hard as people say. Hard in a fun rewarding way, where this game is just frustrating hard.7/10 if you have a very high tolerance and never get frustrated and don't mind a false challenge, 4/10 otherwise."
,Not Recommended,260250,31830198,Posted: 18 May,all,M⌬rtius,♥♥♥♥ the platforming mechanics on this game.
76561198061428850,Not Recommended,260250,12494782,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Aldof Fapler,This game reminds me of the time when I was finally able to sleep with my dream girl from highschool ....... I got crabs that night...
,Not Recommended,260250,7889554,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Andrux,"Crap graphics, crap controls, cheap deaths a la Quick Man (MegaMan 2) - I wish there had been more reviews before I dropped money on this. Avoid IMO."
,Recommended,260250,12612567,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,CrimZone,"This game has the potential to be a great game, but ...Pros:- Very good story.- Good atmosphere.- Inspired by old school games, the difficulty is very high.- You can kick his♥♥♥♥♥to legendary monsters.Cons:- The soundtrack is repetitive and sometimes hurts a lot.- There are times that FPS decreases.- Repetitive enemies.- Something empty.- :(Buy it on steam sales is a good choice.7.5 / 10"
,Not Recommended,260250,21988800,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Cartoon Frames,"Gigantic, unfair difficulty spike early on, in a platformer with sloppy controls and a poor story."
,Recommended,260250,24470901,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,vorpel2000,"Thumbs up primarily due to price / show support 4 Devs who dare to make werewolf games.Not enough werewolf games made.Came for the werewolf stuff.When playing as werewolf  was kinda fun & also distinct in it's art style.When playing as the human it was less so.I wanted too like this, but it's just a step below what I'm looking for.Price of $1.99 is fair as heck...just think i'm looking for a what a $30 game and what its' appropriate development budget could bring."
,Not Recommended,260250,31487992,Posted: 1 May,all,‡Jaeger Jeximoura‡,"I wanted to like this game so much. The story is nice, it looks fairly good and plays pretty well. It was going fun until I found myself encountering the obstacle platforming parts. Those parts involving the rapidly moving pistons. I took on it's challenges and gave up after a handful of deaths, which told me alone what I could expect later in the game. That alone ripped away what fun that could've been had.Seemed like it was just a typical difficult platformer game tucked under a werewolf theme. Quite deceiving at that and from the screenshots of this game, suggested to me that it'd be a damn blast to play.I personally wouldn't recommend it if this is not your swing. If you're curious about the game at all, get it on sale."
