user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,260210,32853194,Posted: 27 June,all,John Smith,"- Not even remotly interesting game. Boring. Storyline predictible and banal.- Short.- Nothing unique except gender of the main caracter, which was new for the franchise at the time.- Looks worse than AC III (obviously).Doesn't worth your time and money. Even if you are a fan of franchise."
,Recommended,260210,8720595,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Schaffi,"I just played through the introduction and gotta admit that I'm positively surprised. I remember reading mostly bad reviews about Liberation when it came out for Vita, because many people thought that its linear design is kind of a breach of style for the Assassin's Creed franchise. After beating all the games in the main series I think that Liberation's lack of liberation (ha!) has its advantages and helps to keep the player's focus on the story. Storywise it is safe to say that Aveline's situation is very comparable to Connor's in Assassin's Creed 3, but her character seems more sympathic since she is not so mysterious and uncommunicative as Connor. The Soundtrack, as always, is brilliant and the graphics are nicely remastered.Update: Apparently some people are complaining about random crashes and framerate issues when Anti Aliasing is turned on. I'm running on a GTX770, an AMD FX 8350 and 8 Gigs of RAM without any problems."
,Not Recommended,260210,11680422,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tom,"The Assassin's Creed marathon continues. This time it's Liberation, a story set in the same time era as Assassin's Creed 3, you don't need to have played number 3 to understand the story, it's completely stand alone.The game was initially released as an exclusive to the PlayStation Vita, but was released on Steam earlier this year renamed Assassin's Creed Liberation HD. Sadly the graphics are anything but HD, you can definitely tell that this is a port from a console since the graphical options are next to none.I failed to follow the story after reaching the halfway point, but the game play is pretty much as you'd expect from a Assassin's Creed game, the earlier stages are actually quite challenging, but once you get your hands on the whip, taking out swarms of enemies becomes as easy as taking candy from a baby.This is another that you'll need to play with a controller to fully get to grasps with, but the controls are simple enough to pick up once you start playing.Although this game is good, it is definitely the worst in the series, poor graphics, and the difficult to follow story line really drag it down. I would only recommend you playing this if you are huge fan of the series or have nothing else to play and want to fill ten hours."
76561198229056148,Recommended,260210,32677212,Posted: 23 June,all,alicelwoods,"I actually wish this would have been a full Assassin's Creed game. Aveline was an intresting character, her story and the games storyline would have been better if it had been more fleshed out. Although it is a little clunky in places it's still worth playing if your a fan of AC. The swamp areas were probably my favourite."
,Recommended,260210,12764005,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[CPC] Froh,"A smaller Assassin's creed adapted from the PS Vita. It looks rather nice and play mostly like your usual one.You can also see the limitations in terms of smallers Levels (due to the PS Vita stuff) and some clunky controls (due to being handled at first).The graphics are now HD, and textures are okay.This one introduces a system of costumes which could be a lot more interesting if the 3 were actually useful. But you'll find yourself not having a real choice here.But with the okay story, a rather interesting character and a small price. It can be a good choice."
,Recommended,260210,18706063,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"Assassin's Creed Liberation was truly an experience. At points the story felt disjointed, unappealing, and repetitive, but the games overall story is pretty strong. The ending is truly good and the gameplay was the same as Assassin's Creed 3's. This game is good, but I would not go as far to say it is better than Assassin's Creed 3 or any of the other ones. All in all, this game was definitely a fun journey and an interesting plot."
,Recommended,260210,8723825,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kenuty,"First off I will rate this game as it is, you will either LIKE this game or REALLY HATE due to the fact that it is just a port of the ps Vita hand held version with better graphics, if you play the game you will notice they did a really good job on this part, I will however start my review on the game itself. Remember this game is a  spinoff and isn't really a huge improvement over IV in any ways .The game itself features its first female protaganist of the series Aveline De Grandpre and she herself is an French African assassin. The story starts off with just starting off stopping naysayers who talk bad about her father's company and assassination contracts. The story itself unfold when her mentor agate told her to assassinate the templar prescence in New Orleans starting with the governer,  It was until her confrontation with the governer that she was told what was going to slaves, which is her main goal, to free them. One thing from here lead to the next.I thought the story to this game was not as strong as the other assassin's creed titles, it didn't really pick up until almost the last section of the game, other than that it really didn't have too many memorable characters in this game and I really only liked aveline.The graphics to the game is really well done since they really put effort into the HD rework it looks great on my monitor, the controller support and keyboard was fine.The musical score to this game is great and really well done, it is unfortunate that most of the gameplay and scene that accomidated just wasn't exciting enoughVoice acting is also nicely done in this gameI however wanted to beat this game as fast as I can so I rush through the story mode and completed it in  about 7 hours with a few deaths here and there. The gameplay is really easy for me and I just rushed the entire missions, I did do the important mission of killing Citizen E's, if you dont know what this is I wont spoil it for you.\I skipped the other things such as finding certain treasures here and there etc so I will go back to it sometimes and do a complete run.The ai in this game is even dumber than any assassin's creed titles combine, I was able to rush through mission by running right in front of thier faces, it wasn't until I touched them that I got detected, and the maps are smaller than previous assassin's creed, this is due to the limitation of the handheld I believe ?Overall I wish aveline storyline was much better than what it is since it didn't excite me too much and it was just so zzz for some odd reason it needed a zing to it, out of the entire franchise this has got to be my least favorite assassin creed title, but hey, what can I say it is a 20 dollar port with HD graphics and I am glad to have played it at all. If anything this game reminds me of an assassin's creed 1 or 2 than anything new and the interface for the ship network trading was just so meh.If anything if you play this game remember, go backwards and finish the rest before ACIV to see its glory. It was really hard for me to go back having played hours and hours of IV but I did it for the story to understand Aveline.+Great music+good voice acting+Environment is nice+Graphics in HD looks great+- you either will think 20 dollars is a good price or you can wait for a price drop up to you-Story was a lackluster-Ai is still stupid as hell-Water kills enemies if they fall in has returned! this wasn't featured until ACIV lol-no multiplayer of any sorts at all, not even something for itself but then again you could be playing it on ACIV"
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,260210,14889981,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,johnny_m_j,"Originally, this game was made as an exclusive title for the Playstation Vita, but was later ported to other systems, like the PC. Yes, it's a port, and it shows.It's supposed to be a HD game, but don't get fooled by that. Though the graphics are not ugly, there's loads of examples of low res textures everywhere. But the worst part, is that the FPS seems to be locked at some very low value, which gets VERY straining on the eyes. And that's my #1 issue with this game, it's painful to play it.The new feature that makes this game different from other AC games, is that the main protaganist can change between 3 different ""roles"", each with a suitable outfit for that role. The roles are Lady, Slave and Assassin. When playing a certain role, there are restrictions to what you can do, or extra things that role can that no one else can. For example, as a Slave, you can pick up crates and walk past guards unnoticed, if you don't take too long.Sounds interesting? Well it isn't. It's a good idea that ends up being a barrier, and restricts you.Else it's just more of the same. This game is often considered as a standalone addition to AC3, so if you've played that one, you already know a lot about what you're getting. Though it isn't nowhere near the size of AC3.The low FPS is the main reason I'm not recommending the game. But apart from that, the rest is pretty much ""meh..."" and not really worth spending much money on. If you're still interested, pick it up on sale, do not buy it at full price."
,Not Recommended,260210,12978710,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,mdwyer,"Assassin's Creed reached its zenith around the 2nd and 3rd games, and appears to have been sliding rapidly down into the muck ever since -- at least if this entry in the lore is anything to judge.  Liberation takes what should be a great character, and tosses her into an uninteresting story, in an uninteresting land, read to you by bored voice-over artists.  But it is more than that.It's the polish.  Ubisoft used to make these beautifully polished games, that were so complete in their inner consistency that after a few hours, you would begin to believe its history.  You could *feel* the swagger while you're walking down the dusty alleys of ancient cities.  You felt like you were part of a story that wanted you to be a part of it.This game is missing that.  In my mind, I imagine the money guy coming downstairs and saying, ""Make me another AC game. No, no... don't use our good people. Off-shore this. Give this to the interns.""  Because that's what this feels like:  A third party expansion to a fairly decent game, done by a team of outsiders who just don't love the material.This game is phoned-in and feels like it.  This hurts me. Gawd, I wanted this game to be good..."
,Recommended,260210,8745537,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,=UWS= Oo-Nomad-oO,"This isn't Black Flag but it's still a good addition to the Assassin's Creed series none the less, the visuals are great and the combat is really smooth and fluid and there are some nice touches to the gameplay such as the 'guises' and the charming mechanic.The downside is that the game doesn't have the same freedom as the stellar Black Flag or anywhere near the vast size but it is a HD conversion of a Playstation Vita game which you have to take into consideration. Ubisoft have done a great job on the conversion and the game visually looks fantastic and plays really well, Recommended!!"
,Not Recommended,260210,15965427,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mr.B0mBaSTicK450,"The word for today is mediocre, that word describe the whole game.-weak story (the ending was kind of ok in my opinion)-weak characters (just bad and uninteresting)-bad voice acting (oh man f*****g horrible...)-boring missions.+changing persona.+the ending.+the mission with Connor was cool."
,Recommended,260210,21606269,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Orge Lambart,"Another day, another Assassin's Creed.. although this game is unlike the others... this time around the testosterone gets traded in for a little bit of estrogen.  Released along side Assassins Creed 3, Liberation was meant to be a PS vita game, it was later ported to the Xbox 360, PS 3 and then later the PC.   As a port of a vita game Liberation doesn't feel like a full fledged Assassin Creed title, it seems sort of bare bones, although with that said you can still fully expect all the same type of gameplay you've grown to love from previous AC games..Story  -  Liberation is an attempt by Abstergo Industries (yes that Abstergo) to commercially release interactive experiences to the general public.  Abstergo being all evil and sinister they censor the content to block out mentions of Templar's and Assassins, but fear not, thanks to hacktivist group you'll eventually discover the full story.  Unlike other previous Assassin Creed titles, the game has no alternate storyline set in the current age, you stay in the game (Animus) the entire time.   You will play the game as  Aveline de Grandpré.  Aveline is the daughter of a wealthy French trader and an African slave mother.  She'll set out on an adventure set in New Orleans in 1757's as a child, following your mother,  after being distracted by and chasing a chicken (Chicken Chaser...  oh wait that's Fable 1) Aveline finds herself lost and her mother missing, fast forward 13 years, a now grown Aveline lives with her father in his mansion.  Her father has since married a woman who cares for Aveline and treats her like a daughter.  It's from this starting point that Aveline starts on her grand adventure, to help free slaves, discover and stop the temper's grand schemes, potentially find love and discover a secret 13 years in the making.Gameplay - nothing much has changed from previous Assassin's Creed games except the size, being a port of a vita game Liberation is shorter, has fewer collectibles, and generally seems rather lacking of extra content.  The game is comprised of 3 main areas, New Orleans city, The Bayou and Chichén Itzá.  The major addition to the game that wasn't seen in previous games is the Blowgun, which in my opinion is a total game changer.  This allows you to use a a weapon which can quickly kill enemies from stealth.  This weapon alone makes every mission easy mode.  Hide in bushes, blow a few darts, loot more darts and move on..   Another addition is three alternate persona's, the slave, assassin and Lady.  Each of these has their advantages and disadvantages.  The Slave has a weapon restriction, no guns, no main weapon, only the hidden blades and blow gun, also notoriety is very fast to increase.     The Lady has the same weapon restrictions as the Slave, as well having jumping disabled.  notoriety increases the slowest of any persona.  Lastly is the Assassin, which has no weapon or jumping restrictions, but has a 1 notoriety at all times.Recommended  -  Liberation was your typical Assassin's Creed fair, it really isn't necessary to play this game, nor is it part of the Abstergo storyline the other games followed.  Aside from being software released by Abstergo this game is a total stand alone.  In future AC games you get some mentions of Liberation but they are rather limited from what I've seen.  While this game is good, it doesn't quite live up to the other games, it's still a pretty good game but just not quite up to the level of previous games.  Going forward to Black Flag Liberation will seem really dull..With that said I'd still suggest you play the game, after all who wants to play a serious and skip out on one of the chapters, even if that Chapter isn't the best game in the series."
,Not Recommended,260210,13943890,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Arbiter Libera,"What an underwhelming game. And that's not even based on the fact it was originally a portable title which received a much desired HD update that seems to be what all the cool kids are doing nowadays.There is very little I can actually praise in Liberation because it will feel like a letdown even, if not especially, if you're already a fan of the Assassin's Creed series considering how disjointed story-wise and obviously rushed in design it feels with even more pointless collectible gathering if you're foolish enough to give in to mindless scouring over that carefully pinpointed map and awkward trading interface because that's what people apparently want in Ubisoft's distorted mindset. Actually, scratch the first part - there are precisely TWO things I would like to single out as good ideas: the trio of personas you get to use (Assassin, Lady and Slave) which are distinct enough but sadly underutilized, and the credits ruse which genuinely got me at first. Shame the game didn't have more of that courage to do something with its story aside from bland predictability and stilted characters abound.Hey, at least the credits are skippable this time."
,Not Recommended,260210,19151029,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,GyppiFX,"First af all, this is not a bad game but it's also not that good, it's not as good as the usual AC games, it's a spin-off, a very limited AC (it was originally developed for the PS VITA) and I can't suggest you to buy it, if not with a great discount.AC:L has the graphics of AC2 and a very ""short"" LOD; a story which is practically irrelevant to the main AC storyline and which isn't very well explained (you need to find and read many documents to understand it better); it's short, 16 hours to complete the campaign + many secondary missions + collectibles hunt, for comparison AC4 took me 66 hours to complete; the ""economy"" is vey limited, you can buy shops but you won't get money from them later on, there is no home\base to upgrade and the sea trades are missing the combat side present in AC4.On the plus side, it's the first AC to feature a woman as the main protagonist and it introduce a new mechanic (changing clothes to fool enemies)."
,Not Recommended,260210,33918821,Posted: 30 July,all,N4SWS,"This game has everything that an Assassin's Creed game should have, but there is one big difference here:This game does everything worse than every other AC game; and by a large large margin.The combat is worse, the freerunning is worse, the wall climbing is worse, the story is worse, the voice acting is worse. It's a stripped down, crappy version of AC, and it's not worth your time. It's very very boring. And all it's gonna do is make you rage. It simply isn't worth your time."
,Recommended,260210,14108268,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mr_Non_Member,"(I have played and finished Assassin's Creed 3 but is not connected with steam, i recommend playing that first.)If your here and love the Assassin's Creed series, well heres some more cool Assassin action.More stealth mechanics, a new set of different weapons and now a ""bad @ss"" female Assassin with different personas.Pace through the game as you get to explore, best your foes with smooth combat and new weapons as well as more cool parkour.What's New?:-Explore the 17th century New Orleans and Louisiana Bayou a danger filled swamp-Different costumes for each persona (optional Assassin's hood)-Buy upgrades and use the new blowpipe and blowpipe parasol-Troll guards with the new WhipA great game with another original story and same unique game mechanics for the other AC, another i would love to play again."
76561198031209744,Recommended,260210,13169934,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SamuraiPea,"To all the hardcore (or at the very least semi-hardcore) Assassin's Creed fans, I have but one thing to say: Assassin's Creed Liberation is certainly not as great as many of the other games in the franchise, but Aveline's adventure is without any doubt an enjoyable ride for all you stealthy killers out there. Personally, I am a huge fan of the (pre-) American Revolution setting of this and the previous AC game and the story is really not too bad as many other reviewers have said. Of course  the plot is not as convulted or rich as, let's say, AC III, but considering it's a PS Vita port, Ubisoft really did do a good job. The revamped graphics are also very pleasing to the eye. The combat and the freerun are as fluid as you'd expect from an AC game.So go on ahead, fellow Assassins! The Brotherhood -ehm, Sisterhood- is waiting!"
76561198155416556,Recommended,260210,15691653,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,EasTxRedHead,"This is the first AC game for me.  It was on sale, so I thought I'd try it out, and I was looking for something with a strong female protagonist.  I was really interested that it was set in New Orleans and in the time period.  Beautiful graphics, enjoyed dialogue and accents, had fun with running through the trees and across the rooftops.Some people who've played the other AC games were pretty critical, but as a newcomer, I have no complaints.  And, it's made me really want to start at th beginning of the franchise and play the rest, and really get into the whole plot."
,Recommended,260210,13234985,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,FordGT90Concept,"I recommend the game but with a huge caveat: of all the Assassin's Creed games I've played, this is by far the most buggy.  Here's the bugs I spotted without even searching for them in my 31 hour play through:-Game controls locked up repeatedly when pressing the wrong button after B when being attacked by a wild cat.-Canoes about 30-50 feet floating in mid-air (unsuable).  Restart game required.-Mounting and dismounting canoes often is more difficult than it should be.-The mission where you are supposed to scout out the three camps, I was a slave and looted the chests without alerting the guards.  The subesequent mission where you are supposed to loot the chests therefore breaks because 2 out of 3 are still in looted condition.  I have yet to find a way to replay the mission to reset the chests.-Game will only accept input from keyboard+mouse or controller at once; it does not accept both; moreover, when my wireless controller turns off and I turn it back on, the game switches to and stays in keyboard+mouse mode instead of going back to controller.-I've had a flickery static effect that usually only happens on level transitions keep happening over and over again.  I had to restart the game because it was driving me batty.-When exiting combat and sometimes looting, the look controls often lock up while it is finishing a painstakingly long animation.  Very annoying.-Typo on Lady Persona page.-It takes too long to open/close map/menu.  When are developers going to learn to stop animating menu entry/exit?I also have one general complaint that applies to Assassin's Creed III as well: get rid of or automate the trade system.  It feels like work to use it which is a lot like Mass Effect 2's planet probing.Despite all of that, I still recommend the game and the reason why is simple: it's better than Assassin's Creed III.  Not as long, not as varied, and no manning the helm of a ship, but the story in this game was actually enjoyable and the new mechanic of personas and the addition of the whip was a nice change.  Granted, if you're tired of Assassin's Creed gameplay, especially Assassin's Creed III, avoid this game.  If you like Assassin's Creed despite this title's particularlly glaring shortcomings, by all means grab it, play it, and enjoy it."
76561198163789938,Not Recommended,260210,28166057,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Pokemon Master 503,"Potential slight spoilers, nothing major, but if you wanna go in blind to concepts don't read.This game was very meh whenever it comes to the AC series. It feels like Brotherhood and Revelations did to 2, but shorter and more rushed, with a much smaller area. The glitches are mostly graphical, but they can really break immersion.PRO's:-Really cool idea based on propoganda circulated by Abstergo.-Main character that breaks the mold as far as AC games go.-The whip is a really nice game exclusive weapon.-Persona system: This is a really cool system that allows for a deeper social stealth system that I really hope stays present in the series. It also added some sense of variability to missions as well!CON's:-Severely lackluster environment, the game took a really interesting area and massively copy and pasted the same elements over and over.-Tiny map. probably the smallest in the series.-Riddled with bugs and glitches: Since the game was programmed using the same engine as ACIII, a lot of the problems with Connor are present with Aveline (spoiler warning, the main charatcter's name) she is really sticky in freerun and somewhat unresponsive during combat. Graphical glitches run rampant in the game as well, which I can usually excuse, but it really breaks immersion here.-Shallow storytelling: This is a REALLY COOL CONCEPT done really poorly. The main premise of the game is as propoganda circulated by Abstergo to paint the Assassin's as unorganized and untrustworthy, and the templars as organnized and just. The main story takes around 5-6 hours to beat, the rest of the time in my playtime was side missions and such. By the time you start actually caring about the characters and what's going on, it's over. I would really like to see more of this in newer games (this is as far as I've played so I'm writing the review based on  no knowledge of newer games, so pardon if this happens in newer games without my knowledge.)-Not rewarding: Okay so this one was a major drawback. In other AC games there is usually some kind of useful reward for doing optional things. Here the rewards are completely cosmetic or useless. I never found myself using any of them because I couldn't find a way the ends justify the means to get them.All in all the game was, as I said in the opener, meh. Not necessarily bad, but not a strong entry in the series. It had a lot of the problems that its big brother ACIII had in it. I can't say one way or another whether to get it or not, I would definitely wait for a sale and not spend $20 on it. I personally didn't enjoy it enough to RECOMMEND it, but I'm not going to say a definite yes or no because a lot of my issues were with my personal tastes, and I know that not everyone shares those with me."
76561198353766224,Recommended,260210,32961943,Posted: 28 June,all,oudeteron,"Don't write this game off for the wrong reasons! Discounting the reviews that disliked it because it's not HD ""enough"" or because the reviewer hated AC3 and this game reminds them of AC3, let's look at what AC: Liberation actually is.Aveline is a likeable and relatable protagonist, and playing as a black woman during this era adds a whole lot of interesting dynamics that are exploited in the gameplay. The different social personas Aveline can transform into show both the constraints and possibilities of her identity, which can change fluidly depending on the situation. It's impressive writing that she can blend in as a lady or disguise herself as a slave, both with different actions and repercussions but neither sacrificing historical credibility. The Assassin persona, by contrast, is a perfect rejection of those predetermined roles and shows how Aveline is trying to shape her life differently. I liked the various outfits you can collect for each persona and the different activities available based on that. It should make you think about the time period and why none of this social blending was necessary for the male assassins.If, like me, you're a story player and you enjoy the AC universe, this game is for you. It's shorter than the main titles (but perfectly acceptable in span otherwise - it only seems ""short"" because we're so used to AC games being humungous), but the story is engaging and there are several twists beyond the main one that you might have seen coming. There is more tension between Aveline and the main characters (including the ""good guys"") than usual, which adds to the ambivalent role she has to play. There's also a surprise cameo from a certain well known assassin you get to work with for one mission, further connecting the franchise together, which I think works nicely. The environments are engrossing, especially the Chichen Itza area, and I'm not bothered enough about their polygon count to let it spoil the experience overall.The meta level of the game being made - and censored - by Abstergo adds a subversive touch, both in making you question what writers decide to tell you in a story and in terms of the gameplay when you're given the opportunity to hack your way to the truth. I love self-referential stuff like this, and it's pulled off very well in this game, especially in conjuction with the other AC titles.I don't feel the level of negative press Liberation gets is fair. If you appreciate history from a marginalized point of view and if you like the sort of playing around with reality vs perception that is a staple of the AC series, you should enjoy this game. (I didn't even dislike AC3, but Liberation doesn't play much like it. It feels more like Brotherhood or Revelations - with some of the same sound effects and no lock-picking, thank god.) There are some unique gameplay elements here, such as Aveline's social stealth options, that will hopefully make you think a little about the sort of society you visit in this game. Liberation is pretty smart in that regard and I felt more invested in maintaining Aveline's cover than I did with any of the other AC protags. The manipulation by Abstergo and finding your way around it is an interesting aspect of the game too, one of the highlights for me.In sum: judge this game with an open mind, not with a kneejerk negative reaction, and enjoy it for what it is."
76561198041181149,Recommended,260210,12318835,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,✪ Lewis Graham,"Well, as you can see I have 44 hours in this game.. Not sure how I got 44 hours in one playthrough but yeah...Anyway, I really enjoyed this game, if they didn't tell me it was a port from a hand-held I would've never realised, it looks decent.To be honest, the gameplay is much smoother than any AC game to date if you ask me(maybe not as flashy or cool), and the pathing, climbing and jumping is alot less annoying. It just seems smarter.Other than that It has a pretty good story with a twist at the end I didn't think was 100% obvious, I liked that^^I also love the fact that the protagonist is female, as a hardcore tomb raider fan I love kicking♥♥♥♥♥with a badass female character >.>It just feels THAT much more satisfying, lol.This is a great game, definitely worth the price and a playthrough if you like AC in my oppinion."
,Recommended,260210,32565226,Posted: 19 June,all,crashdown,"IntroductionHaving played most of the AC games until this one I wasn't having great expectations. AC3 was ok, but seemed a bit lacklustered because of uneven gameplay and uninteresting main character. I took a break from the serie after playing the downright bad dlc Tyranni of King Washington which didn't even work properly and crashed at a very specific point.Assassin's Creed Liberation is more of a stand alone extension of AC3 , as it use the same game engine. It was originally designed for the Vita but upgraded for the PC in this ""HD version""Gameplay.I felt the parkour part was actually a bit smoother than AC3, however the improvements were slights, and occasionally Aveline would still involuntary jump on a wall  or fall on her face, and the jumping in trees while also improved did give me headaches on occasions.when it comes to fighting the game is ok, but as usual the assassin is overpowered and you rarely if ever feel threatened by the guards you meet. You can counter most of the moves the make , on top of that use of guns and smokebombs will make you virtually unbeatable when outnumbered. This is a recurring problem in AC games and the only thing done to balance it is the ridiculous 100 % synchronization system that requires you to perform the mission in a very specific ways to get a perfect score. This is annoying as the game feel too easy because of the fighting but extremely frustrating when you don't get the 100% synchronization as you feel the job is half-done.Personally I would rather have the game throwing a bit more difficult missions with more dangerous guards and less (or any for this matter) demanding synchronization demands. This is also something that has plagued the AC games for a long time.New game-play technics like disguises are a welcome new addition in the game, Aveline can disguise herself as Assassin, slave or lady , each one of the disguises have their pluss and minus and some are required for specified missions. Unfortunately the disguise part feel underused in the game which is a shame because I quite liked it.StoryI quite liked the story in Liberation , set in Louisiana New Orlean in the 18 century , young Aveline , an half african , half french young lady must navigate the traps and machinations of the templars and assassins while assessing her rolle as a person of high  society where slavery is part of everyday life.To make things more complicated , the game is set from a somehow ""templar"" perspective but a mysterious entity informs you of deleted scenes in the game in small but smart sections of the game. It's a bit convulated but it beats the rather dull and overbearing Desmond parts of AC3.The main plot unfortunately feel underdeveloped and hasted ,  we also never really get to know the characters as the game feel too short fort that, which is a shame given that the setting is colorful and interesting . I honestly feel like Liberation given a bit more care and ressources from the devloppers could have been a great Assassin game in itself rather than a ""shortish"" expansion to AC3.ConclusionAll in all I enjoyed the game despite the frustrations I got from some of the mechanics ,lke  the 100% synchronizations tasks, and was left wanting for more when it ended. This game isn't great and is rather short, but it still holds its own, thanks to interesting characters and beautiful settings.Despite the obvious flaws I still recommend this game , especially if you're a Assassin Creed fan."
,Recommended,260210,12529428,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Speederino,"In many ways, Assassin's Creed Liberation could be just as well called ""Assassin's Creed 3 Lite Version"". It never feels quite like a complete Assassin's Creed game and doesn't really bring anything new to the table. That said, I still really enjoyed it for what it was, especially considering that it's technically a PSP Vita game.Speaking of, I don't know if would recommend the PC port over the console or handheld versions. This feels very much like a console port, and in my 20 hours of playtime I encountered several crashes.Liberation isn't the best Assassin's Creed, but I think most fans will still enjoy what it has to offer. Just don't expect it to match the quality of something ike AC2."
,Recommended,260210,8721202,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Abitron,"I got more of 4 hours and I'm still very into it, Since the very first time you'll like it but many people complain about how it was on PS vita, much says that it  was bad and the gameplay was awful, well here they changed and they did a good effort to change graphics and the gameplay, but also don't wait to have something like ACIV it is not like that, I could say that is more than AC 3.5 or maybe something more like AC Brotherhood + Revelations and maybe AC III all together, the game has nice gameplay and graphics are very good. 8.5/10."
76561198147664309,Recommended,260210,12766966,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,sonicspeeder201,"It's a Fair Game, good to play once through but not much replay value. Still all in all goood game, get it while it's on offer though"
,Not Recommended,260210,13831607,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ƸӁƷ Bunny Girl ƸӁƷ,"Assassin's Creed Liberation HD this is the first game where the main character girl! It's nice!In this game only Single player.Story: at the beginning of the game we play for a little girl - this is the main character. After we show it as an adult, she grew up with a step-father and mother. But we can not tell how she got into the brotherhood of Assassins. On one quest we meet with Connor from Assassin Creed III.As a result, the main enemy of the Templars is the stepmother of the protagonist. (I will not tell you everything because you will not be fun to play).Weapons: choice of weapons is small, there is an interesting weapon: a gun with two barrels (you can buy in the shop shopping), whip (you get it at some point through the game), a tube for firing poison darts, tomahawk Connor, an umbrella from which you can shoot poisonous darts (you will not discover if you will stand at a distance).Gameplay: gameplay from Assassin's Creed III: running through the trees, combat style and other... But in this game to much bugs!!!! Bugs with audio, with combats, with textures, with items!New in gameplay: in the forest, where a lot of swamps you can control canoe, we can change into three types of costumes: assassin, hired worker (I do not remember the correct name) and the lady (in this dress, you can use an umbrella with poisonous darts). By default, any location in the assassin outfit you will be the first level of fame - the guards will notice you. Also, if you climb and jump in - you will raise the level of investigation. In previous games had no such problems with the search. New enemies in the forest - crocodiles, they can be found in nests in the forest, where they guard the eggs.Graphic: 50% of graphic looks like in Assassin's Creed III. other 50% graphic is bad, have much bugs (for example problems with the drawing of buildings on long distances). You can say that I have a weak computer, but in Assassin Creed III I had no problems with that.I don't recommend this game...You may ask why ?!Answer: a lot of bugs in the gameplay and graphics, a lot of inexplicable moments in history and this game was boring for me.P.S. Sorry for my English (:"
,Not Recommended,260210,11821770,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,okayfrog,"I had hopes for Assassin's Creed Liberation. I saw the negative reviews and thought, ""Well, it can't be any worse than Assassin's Creed III."" Sadly, I was wrong. The game is littered with problems. The framer rate is noticeably jarring and the whole game has a weird, molasses-like feeling to it that a game involving flowing parkour should not have. The gameplay is unchanged from previous games. Enemy attacks. I press ""B"" on the Xbox 360 controller. I counter. I then press ""X"" to kill or I press ""A"", ""B"", or ""Y"" if the enemy is immune to kill counters. A lot of time, one has to experiment to find out whether or not an enemy is immune to kill counters, which makes getting some of the ""don't get damaged"" optional objectives fairly annoying. There are numerous tailing missions, probably as much as any other Assassin's Creed game which is definitely saying something as this game's about half as long. The tailing missions are just as enjoyable as they were in the previous games in that at best, they're boring time-wasters, and at worst, they're frustrating and not enjoyable.I encountered numerous glitches whilst playing. At one point, my character fell through the ground in the bayou area and I was stuck swimming in nothing. At another point, an alligator lunged at me to eat me, but ended up falling through the ground himself. Aveline then seemed to have an epileptic fit and I was desynchronized. Sometimes counters just won't register and enemies will attack without the big glowing emblem on their head -- and I'm not saying that they should always have that or else I wouldn't be able to counter them (I've played through the Arkham games with no problem on Hard where there are no emblem notifications), just that it is discouraging to see the game seemingly break its own rules. I also experienced a glitch with the ship trading system in the game. In order to make the money required to buy all the weapons and outfits, one has to send out ships to sell items. This is similar to the Brotherhood assignments in Assassin's Creed Brotherhood and Revelations and to the Homestead missions in Assassin's Creed III. When a ship arrives and sells its materials, the player is notified and given the money. Sometimes when I would be playing a mission, I'd see a notification and receive money, and then desynchronize afterwards due to an error I made and start back at a checkpoint prior to when I received the money. I'd play for a few minutes and notice that the notification hasn't popped up again. That's right: Desynchronizing during a mission after receiving money for ship trading missions sometimes means not gaining money that money. It's something that's so broken that I honestly cannot comprehend how it got past play-testing.The side missions are all forgettable, as are most of the characters and the story. The game plays out like how one would imagine a smaller version of a normal Assassin's Creed game would play out, sadly. Everything feels compacted and not enough is expanded upon. Because of this, I had a hard time keeping up with the story until I was around halfway done with the game. There are plenty of collectables to find in the game, yet not much of a motivation to gather any of them. Switching between various personas is a novel concept, but only being able to do this in a changing room usually means (1) coming across an event that requires one persona then (2) running across the map to a changing room then (3) running back to the event so that one can actually play it and then finally (4) running back to the changing room to switch back to the persona one was before. It all becomes a slog without any form of quick travel. Some events are also only viewable on the map for certain personas and custom waypoints disappear when switching between personas for some godforsaken reason.I think that's enough problems I had with the game. As for the good things about the game, uhh... Aveline is more tolerable than Connor and she looked nice in a dress. Playing as different personas -- as I mentioned above -- is a novel idea and can be enjoyable at times due to the slight differences. There's also some modern day/conspiracy/Mayan weirdness in this game which I enjoy in the Assassin's Creed series (one of the only things that keeps me playing the series).If you REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY enjoy the Assassin's Creed gameplay, you should be able to enjoy this. If you just tolerate it, stay away. If you play the Assassin's Creed games for the story, you can skip over this one as it doesn't have much of a connection with the overarching storyline."
76561198058804201,Recommended,260210,12472105,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BenDover,"Without doubt one of the best AC games I've ever played. Mock me if you want, but ACLHD takes you to awesome places, gives you awesome weapons, and the story goes beyond expectations of a $20 spinoff game. You play as Aveline, a female assassian who has 3 Persona's to swap. The ""lady"" persona can only use weapons such as the hidden blade and a parosel that shoots posion darts (best weapon ever) as well as charm guards and gentlemen, the slave persona can carry utility weapons like hatchets and long knives and start riots but has no armor, and the assassin persona has full access to the rather large weapon library including pistols, swords, daggers, hatchets, and some old favorites like the blowpipe and connor's hatchet (Uplay reward). The game also brings in new weapons like the whip (like rope darts but 10x better and cooler). The places you go in the 12 hours I've played is amazing. New orleans is a very interesting city that heavily changes physically as time goes on. When the spanish take over you can see little skirmishes in the streets with citizens fighting off soldiers and blockades imparing movement. Muggers begin to pop up everywhere as well and the lady persona will be robbed by them if you don't fight them off. You also spend alot of time in the Bayou, which is like 4x better than the frontier from ac3 and at least 60% of the size. There's gators, smugglers, small camps, forts, and alot of collectibles to find. You also travel to mexico twice and explore awesome landmarks there like chichen iza and underwater caves. Overall a great spinoff that feels like a whole ac game."
,Recommended,260210,30241333,Posted: 28 February,all,Kalisto,It's really no better or worse than any other Assassin's Creed. So as long as that is what you expect that is what you get.I liked Aveline she was a cool character. The personas system was neat if somewhat underutilized.It crashed on me few times but nothing I couldn't deal with.
76561198064439938,Recommended,260210,10085373,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Spicy Boy,"Aveline is a lovable character, with other side characters that you struggle to dislike (except the bad guys), the voice acting is good, the script is... ok, not bad though, combat is fun, and requires more skill then previous installments in the franchise, however the story can be repetitive, and quests dull. All in all a good game for the price!"
76561198006111638,Recommended,260210,10086050,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,wolfspider,It's rather good! Not as good as AC2 or AC4 - the only others I've played. You can see how it's been limited for the Vita and even with the HD improvement it still feels and looks rather sparse.Aveline herself is a great character and it would be nice to see her in a full game again.  The changing clothes function is interesting if not a little tedious at points.It's definitely worth the £12. If only there were more to it!
,Recommended,260210,13747500,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,m0phre4k,"If you're a fan of Assassin Creed gameplay, you'll like this game. The story is bland, the gameplay is ""classic"". Not bad. 7/10"
,Recommended,260210,13325045,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ETPC,"originally released as a tie-in for ACIII on Vita, this remastered edition of Liberation is pretty great, but not without it's flaws. it's ubisoft open-world formula at it's most restrained and very slimmed down. however, some things are too slimmed down.the biggest let down, in my opinion, is the story and characters. i imagine that because the game was originally designed for a portable system and the audience that comes with it (ie. pick up and play for 10 minutes at a time), the concept had to reflect that and so a LOT of plot points and characters aren't well-developed.that being said, it's still really cool to play AC with a rad as hell lady protag in a scenario that is often avoided by games. def recommanded on sale."
,Recommended,260210,22132558,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ZanyScum,"19 hours to the end. Liberation tells me, I am at 80 percent or so.I did not go straight for the main story or for all other things you can do.I just had 19 hours pure fun and did whatver I just wanted to do.The story is ok. Not as good as the one from the 3 AC2 games but not worse than the ACIII or ACIV stories.The hero is a black woman and she is very likeable. I like her much more than any other AC hero yet. (I played 1/2/3/4)You can play her as slave, as grand dame or as assassin and switch between these play styles very often if you are in a city. The playstyles differ very much because the lady can't climb or use large weapons, the assassin is always suspicious and the slave is kind of in the middle: not best at fighting, not best at climbing, but can be 0% suspiscious.You can get better weapons, have trade routes with up to 8 ships (which you never see in the real game) and getting better equipment is just a matter of main story progress + money.The game is just fun. Mostly because you like the girl.The story is kind of ok, the interplay between the characters is more interesting than the story in my opinion.Should you get this game?IF you like Assassins Creed games: yes, go for itIf you need the extras which were introduced in III and IV like killing animals and trading with ships with really bad interfaces and the totally cool way to steer you sailing ship, no, then don't get it. This is a very basic (but good) AC.If you never played an AC game, you could get this, it would be a good game, BUT I'd say:1. view the story of the first one as youtube video likehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9JUDS_6i82. get AC 2 and play it. It is the best. If you like it, get Brotherhood (Rome) and Relevations (Constantinopel).This is a good game. Get it and have fun!"
,Not Recommended,260210,8734972,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,oweban,"Different controls from AC3 and 4, feels very clumsy - map layout and interaction is different (have to drag cursor around, can't just click on items), guard interactions are different (with regards to alertness). Having a hard time giving it any kind of positive review. Sure, I'm glad that it has come to PC, but it should have been put in the AC4 engine, complete with the way the maps work, etc.After just finishing AC4, I'm very disappointed, and wondering what I spent $30 on.-after playing more:There is sufficient room on my screen to display all menu items - why only show 5 out of 6 and make me scroll down to the 6th, and then flick back to the top when I go past? Makes quitting this abortion harder.Cannot remap controls. I CANNOT EMPHASISE THIS ENOUGH. In 2014, we have a game from an AAA publisher that you cannot remap controls in.Some of these make no sense after AC4. Hold Q to target with blowpipe, wait for it to shrink to nothing, then release to fire. What the ♥♥♥♥? After rightclick to aim then leftclick to shoot, this makes NO sense."
76561198109858979,Not Recommended,260210,24943617,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"This is when you realize that you play too much anything labelled as Assassin Creed series     5.0/10Pros:- New Orleans and the Lousianna swamp is nice to explore (but really small)- Aveline is lovely and the exchange between the 3 custume modes (assassin, slave and lady) is quite funCons:- Really short story- Really small open world- The story is really bad paced, you often forget what you are meant to do or why, and worse whether it relates to any higher purpose or just fills the storyVeredict: Worst AC game of the series, just for fanboys"
,Not Recommended,260210,16334548,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TRiMGamingDK,"I really would like to recommend this game, but I can't because of several reasons.The game starts well, with a great story about this girl, who changes appearances from lady, to slave and to assassin, which is great, because it gives the game some interesting posibilities in changing the persona in the game, but it just doesn't really take any advantage of it and the story is not exciting enough to really get you into it.All through the game, you are send from quest to quest and quite early it gets tiring, because the game has the feel of more being a bunch of sidequests than a complete game.The game has decent graphics and atmosphere, but if you have played some of the most recents AC games, I can't recommend you buying this.I have only played the game a few hours, but I am already almost half through the game, which is very unlike all of the other AC games."
,Recommended,260210,26595969,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,dyufozeon,"This is the least exciting entry in the series, but it's still fun, as long as you enjoy the Assassin's Creed gameplay formula.Now, the story is somewhat shallow, but there's still enough there to keep an AC fan interested. And Aveline, the titular assassin, is a fantastic character; the depth of the narrative lies mostly with her, she is very likeable.As a port from the Vita, I'd say the developers did a good job. The game looks good, the level design is constrictive and compact as befits a hand-hand game, but the assets they used for this port are all high quality, probably taken from AC 3 and 4, and so it looks on par with those games.If you've never played an Assassin's Creed game before I don't know if I can recommend this to you, but I do believe that any AC fan should definitely give this a go."
,Recommended,260210,13755105,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gothic Man,"One of the best Assassin's ever. It is all You know but more. Nice way of using costumes, and economic system works fine for the first time. Plot is also nice, nothing new but still good. I was afraid of this conversion but it has only minor bugs nad glitches. And the biggest plus for this part is main character. I wish there will be more female assassins. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,260210,21929123,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Neutron John,"Assassin's Creed Liberation HD ReviewAssassin's Creed Liberation is an anomaly. A portable game ported to HD machines, like most portable franchises, the game proves to be a stripped version of the main game it's name sake takes after. The story itself also falls victim to this kind of second-hand treatment. While the main game usually has great writing, this game has poor writing conisistently throughout.Liberation's gameplay is very similar to previous Assassin games, in that you have chests to open, items to collect, viewpoints to sync, and people to assassinate. Unfourtantely this game takes after it's console brethen at the time, Assassin's Creed 3, which makes this game a poorer version of that one. There are plently of glitches abound in the gameplay, sometimes the guards mark doesn't appear over their ahead once they are about to attack and there is no way to see secondary objectives. The assassin gameplay is good enough, but other games in the series have already done it better.The enviorments in the game, New Orleans, The Bayou, and Mexico are well detailed like any Ubisoft game, but they are also the smallest enviorments. They are so small that it's hard to consider the game open-world. The graphics are also a bit of a mixed bag. If you play this game after Revelations and before 3, then you will appreciate the higher fidelity in the enviorments, however the character models are pretty bad all around. Their clothes and attire are detailed, but their faces are clearly of a lesser quality. Revelations itself has more expressive faces.Unfourtantely the story is hardly ever engaging or interesting, mainly due to the fact that the game itself covers such familiar ground. Aveline is after an artifact like other Assassin's and in this case it's a disk (At this point you might wonder if Ubisoft will eventually make a table a Piece of Eden at some point.) Although to the game's credit we do see Ubisoft cover different enough territory. I love the fact that we see the situations Aveline has to go through as a woman who used to be a slave. There is also a nice side excursion with Connor, however it does little then connect this game to that games universe, in other words Connor's appearance is little more than a glorified cameo that adds little to game. Eventually the game does veer off into a different enough story bits, but does so to mixed results. In the intrest of spoilers, I'll say this, Rogue, 3, and Black Flag cover the opposing idealogies and how they are different and better in some ways in a much clearer way.This is the time that I wish Steam had a middle ground, because while the game is decent, it definetly is not good enough for the casual fan. If you are a hardcore fan like me give the game a go, but know that in the end even as a harcore fan I was a bit dissapointed. It's a shame that story with potential with an interesting character is regulated to a game that comes across as mediocre for an Assassin's Creed game.Some notesI played this on a GTX 970, i7, Windows 10 computerI had some peformance issues. Random drops in FPS that I could never change.The game's Ultra setting for Anti-aliasing seems to be bugged as it easily halfed my framerate in half on my system.I got 68 % synchronization."
,Recommended,260210,12257245,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"It's like ""My First Assassin's Creed"". On the plus side, it's a small self-contained Assassin's Creed game; it comes with nice environments, nice clothes, the usual mostly-suave locomotion, and some (but not all) fun missions. On the downside, the plot is gibberish, the port from the Vita leaves it looking super-ugly, and the gameplay is often parcelled out in lamentably small portions. Plus, the 'strategic' elements are utterly pointless. Overall, I felt a bit disappointed, but you don't often get to play a black French woman in a game, so it was interesting for that at least."
76561198275495972,Recommended,260210,28508658,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,lea.d,"Nice game, like almost every Assassin's Creed game. Story is nice but not very surprising. However, it's interesting because the main character seams to fit in almost every situation (a point that seams, in my opinion, to be missing from many Assassin's Creed characters - which is strange for assassins ...). It's a short game : didn't take me a lot of time to finish it. I think it's a good game even if I wouldn't say it's in the best of Assassin's Creed series."
,Not Recommended,260210,20931776,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Remunos,"Welcome to Assassin's Creed: Liberation, where the Templars have become a mere afterthought to the much more looming threat: game controls. The developers clearly wanted to break the mold of tight, fluid game controls and go in the polar opposite direction with design. Every spare moment between cut scenes and dialog is dedicated to combating Aveline's sense of direction and agility. Want to chase someone on the ground? Good luck not jumping into a tree 90 degrees from the angle you're trying to run. Want to race someone across the rooftops? ""Are you sure you didn't want to fall into a crowd of guards on the ground while making a simple, obvious, short-distance leap?"" asks the game, then takes its own advice with your character. And hey, that combat system, right? Most people would think improving the notoriously quirky combat system is the right direction for development, but Ubisoft is obviously thinking on a whole different level and decided to go meta, making the battle actually take place in the real world, against your game pad.The story is probably the most confusing and pointless in the Assassin's Creed universe, and that's saying something. There are several head-scratching moments where it appears the story editors either forgot a whole scene or accidentally cut the wrong segment. There are side missions missing dialog to make any sort of sense of them, and cut scenes irrelevant to the missions. Meanwhile, overlaid on all of this is the baffling notoriety system that doesn't follow a reasonable logic (accidentally climb on a box while running through the streets in the slave persona, suddenly wanted posters are plastered on all buildings across the Caribbean). The notoriety doesn't mesh with the fact that a well-known noble woman is hiding her activities from her father, a well-known business man, or from the rest of the city for that matter.All that being said, Aveline is a nice addition to the Assassin's Creed character lineup, even though no one else in the game, aside from a cameo from another important character, is interesting and all the rest border on annoying and/or excruciating (Gerald would have been vastly improved if his entire dialog was just removed from the game). She is the only compelling reason to play all the way through this otherwise frustrating, confusing, thin game."
76561198293923269,Not Recommended,260210,35202045,Posted: 25 September,all,azxyq3065,"Worst AC game ever played. The whole control system is unbearable, always climb up and drop down when I don't have the slightest intenion. Some of the Full Sync requirements seem so meanningless, especially that ""Don't take harm"". And the entire story, among dozens of games I played, is the most boring one I've ever experienced."
76561197989454146,Recommended,260210,8897372,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Major Moolah,"The third Assassins Creed is the most troubled entry in a series known for attracting equal amounts of disdain and love. Listing all the flaws would require a separate article or two but it all came down to not being fun to play. Liberation was intended as a Vita-exclusive spin-off sister to III but turns out to be refreshing in a way the big brother never achieved despite all his hard work.Liberation is led by Aveline de Grandpre, an Assassin of mixed ethnicity and belonging to the upper classes of society by birth. From the very first moment she is welcome company: practical and resourceful, preferring accomplishment to analysis. Her driving motivation is the plight of slaves, based partly on the realisation that she could have been worked to death just as easily. Given how many game stories are based on homicidal vengeance this is downright humanitarian. Aveline has a no-nonsense dedication to the duties of her vocation but she is never the wooden locomotive Connor was and has a sense of adventure and is allowed moments of banter as well. She is given both understated style and human warmth by Amber Goldfarb who cannot help herself from shaming the gray, gray droning of Connor.Other characters make an impression as well, particularly the intelligence officer Gerald who plays Q to Avelines 007. Gerald is a highly amusing nerd gentleman who most likely keeps an emotionally intense journal of his unrequited passion for Aveline when not supporting her assassinations with information and resources. Given Avelines highly practical attitude towards life this turns out to be a clever pairing, not just reversing the expected for the sake of doing so.It is the clothes that make the man but based on Liberation they appear to have significance to women as well for Aveline has three distinct Personas with their own strengths and weaknesses. The Assassin is most familiar and allows full combat ability. The women of the period were not supposed to carry weapons so it is logical the guards will always investigate Aveline when in this guise, making stealth highly impractical. The polar opposite of The Assassin is The Lady, which lets Aveline assume the appearance of a noblewoman which maximises stealth but removes free running completely and makes attempting combat a foolish endeavour. Striking a compromise between the two already mentioned is The Slave. All in all I was very happy with this system for it manages to make a point about class and appearance without resorting to bullhorns and the various gameplay strengths and weaknesses also encourage creative problem solving.Liberation comes to PC with HD improvements. Of these, the visuals are comparable to the Ezio titles while the new persona-specific questlines added are some amusing gameplay and absolutely no fiction. The music on the other hand is absolutely beautiful, restrained and tasteful, adding greatly to the atmosphere. There is also no present-day gameplay proving yet again what a toxic cloud Desmond was and how relieving it is to be away from him. The story also begins with Aveline being a fully trained Assassin doing important work which also contributes to the sense of forward motion I always felt in Liberation. Some of the sequences also withstand comparison to the best ones in the whole series, particularly an undercover assignment to Chichen Itza. Many other features from combat tools to the trading map have been simplified in a healthy way as well, many of which Creed fans will definitely appreciate.The greatest flaw in Liberation is not what is in the game but what is not. Of all the games in the series this is the one where I constantly hoped more would have been done instead of less. From the highly atmospheric New Orleans setting to the story combining a sense of adventure with symphatetic characters and serious themses, to the slight but meaningful refinements to familiar things -- all the seeds of greatness are there, sometimes in hints and sometimes in something much more. I spent 20 hours in Liberation but this included very many collectibles and all the side quests because I did not want the game to end.To label Assassins Creed Liberation HD ""fans only"" is redundant because the entire series is for fans only. From that perspective I can say Liberation was a fresh drink of ones and zeroes and I am certainly appreciative of being finally able to play. Liberation is more adjustments and refinements to the familiar than the thrill of discovery and certain adjustments to the level of expectations had to be made as well. But once the illusion was allowed to take hold Liberation not only entertained for the duration but left behind some good gaming memories as well and I can recommend it on this basis alone."
,Recommended,260210,11004908,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,mooz,"I believe Ubisoft is very clever... They probably had this game planned as a full-blown entry in the Assassin's Creed series and developed it as such, then stripped it down for a PSVita exclusive release. So later they decided to release the full as-intended version for everyone else. At any rate, I must say it is pretty much my new favorite of the franchise!All the usual quality and mechanics of AC games are here, it doesn't look or feel like a remade game at all. The 3 persona idea is brilliant, it really varies up the gameplay and makes things more interesting. The different locations are great, and all the usual AC things are in the game (collectibles, Tomb Raidering, etc.). Luckily, no annoying puzzles in this one.I have a penchant for games with a female protagonist, so with this AC game I say, ""finally!"" :)"
76561198059490253,Recommended,260210,12246727,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Camic,"If your a fan of the original Assasins Creed, this is the best one. In this game you use disguises to sneak through areas (with perfection) instead of running in dressed as a superhero and stabbing everyone (although you still can if thats your thing). Idk it's my personal favorite and I'd recomend this over Assassins Creed 3 (which i hated)."
,Not Recommended,260210,25697580,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,NLaM,"Before I make the review, I would like to mention that I do in fact like this game, but I don't recommend it to people who are just starting to get to the know the Assassin's Creed series and are playing it for the first time.This game is basically a remake of the PS Vita release with HD graphics, released for PC and consoles in 2012. Personally I though Aveline was a great character, really a great experience playing as a female Assassin with 3 different personas. However, you can really see that Ubisoft really didn't spend too much time perfecting this game as the visuals were basic, cinematics were short and boring, gameplay is a little glitchy and there are literally no facial expressions when you are in free roam mode, not to mention the faces were supposedly ""HD"".On the other hand, there are points where the game really stands out from the main story games from the AC series. You get to play as a female assassin rather than a male protagonist like the other AC games, storyline was overall quite strong with a good ending, gameplay is no different to AC3 but there is a special ""chain kill"" where Aveline gets to kill multiple opponents at the same time. You get to meet Connor again, nuff said.Overall, I would give this game a 5/10. Is this game one of the best in the AC franchise? Definitely not, but still nonetheless a good game for fanboys like myself who like to experience every game from the series."
,Recommended,260210,10888713,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Thenameiuse,"Well the game is significantly shorter that the main game that was out at the time (Assassin's Creed 3). That may be the case this one feels like it has more of an interesting story. You play as Aveline de Grandpré, the first female protaginist in the series. She is a half black, half french woman in Lousianna during 1765 to 1777. Her father layed with one of his slaves, and once he found out about her mother's pregnacy, gave Aveline and her mother their freedom; As well as allow them to live as nobles. So one day when they were out and nobling around the city Aveline's mother disappeared. So from now on she wonders why her mother left her. And for some reason she manage to one of the last Assassin trainer in Lousiana to train her to be the killer that she is today. The unique mechanic in this game revolves around her ""Personas"". She can look like an Assassin, a noble woman, or a slave. Each of them have their pluses and minuses. The assassin is the best fighter, using plenty of weapons and gadgets in the game. The noble woman charms men, and uses an umbrella that fires a poison dart (really cool and sneaky.) Finally, the slave, she can fight, just not well. She is better use for her free running and to disguise herself as a slave to get past guards. Personally I enjoyed this game a lot more than Connor's tale. It feels like if they focused on this one instead of AC3, it could of been an amazing title. My only regret is the lenth of the game, and the length of the missions. Since this was originally on the Vita, the missions are much shorter compared to one of the main series' missions. Also I'm still waiting for my ""Voodoo pack"" items to appear but I just don't have them. The preorder is a lie."
76561197989011095,Recommended,260210,29742734,Posted: 6 February,all,Wolfpup3,"I'm playing the series in order of release date, so this is the newest game I've played, and I've played the previous six games (plus The Tyranny of King Washington).Of those, unfortunately I think Assassin's Creed Liberation is one of the weaker entries-Bloodlines is the only other one I might put at the bottom so far. Even still, I mostly had a lot of fun with it.There are really two problem areas here-the story needs some work. I like the basics, but it's clunky in places compared to the other entries in the series, and leaves some things (some relationships in particular) unexplored that seem like they should be. The storytelling in the previous games feels much stronger.My other complaint is that it feels like it needs months if not a year of polish. I didn't run into anything game breaking, and the rapid release schedule has left many of the games with some unpolished elements, but things feel worse here than in 'III'. Mostly it just feels like they needed more time to run through the game and make sure everything executed properly-you've got some fights and various elements of animation that (sometimes) just don't look half as cool as they should...it's difficult to describe, and not game breaking, but it just clearly needed more time.Really both elements I have issue with come down to that-it needed more time for polish, in storytelling and other elements.Obviously that's the fault of the publisher, not the people who worked on it, and again, I never ran into anything gamebreaking.I'm a bit disappointed that the first outing for a female assassin, and (as usual) quite an interesting character, couldn't have been a bit better executed. I wouldn't start here if you're new to the series, but if you love it like I do, I think you'll get enjoyment out of it too.I suppose it's worth noting that the areas in the game feel smaller than in pervious entries-I'd imagine that's because of it's origins on Vita. Vita may not have the CPU or GPU power to pull off areas as large as in the previous games, or it may be entirely down to the smaller storage size of cartriges. Regardless I really don't mind. There's still variety, still quite a few interesting locations, and I don't see it as a big deal one way or the other...in fact I don't want Ubisoft to feel restricted in telling stories set in smaller towns or the like."
,Recommended,260210,23127744,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Flavvy,"It's a close call—I'd say only on sale and only if you're craving some AC between two big releases. A lot of what felt exciting about the game had worn off halfway through the main quest for me, and I was eager to get it over and done with. Still, the protagonist is convincing and the story was enough that it made me want to see it through to the end.I personally haven't experienced any crashes or difficulties in actually being able to access the game.Pros:Great to see a female lead in an AC game--shame it's not in one of the main games though;Aveline is a strong protagonist supported by a decent cast and a welcome friendly face;Interesting story and setting--which could have been explored a lot more however;Story is easier to follow thanks to Animus Memory Notes between sequences;Personas are an interesting twist and fit the context well;Using the whip is fun (although some animations aren't great, e.g. long jumps).Neutral:Updated graphics are okay;Average side-quests and trading system;Funny present day ""excuse"" for accessing Aveline's memories;New investigation mechanics are refreshing but ultimately feel a bit shallow;Having Dave Matthew's Band ""Louisiana Bayou"" song stuck in my head for most of the game.Cons:The bayou and voodoo are central elements that could have been explored a lot more;Some slightly annoying/unconvincing supporting characters (Spit it out, Gérald!);Notoriety is a bit too sensitive (e.g. getting penalised for climbing a fence);New chain kill mechanic breaks up the intensity of combat;Soundtrack leaves a bit to be desired;Some controls and frame rate issues;No fast-travel available via the map;Aveline can climb buildings but not go over road blocks;In-world prompts break immersion (e.g. long jump);Very obscure First Civ conclusion (even by the series' standard)."
76561198096352774,Recommended,260210,28698140,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chickachikachew,"One of the best AC's out there. Characters and storyline are brilliant, well developed and had you wanting more. Although there was a lot to do, I do wish this was a full length game."
,Recommended,260210,8796595,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,The Queen and her Corgis,"This game, in my opinion is very good!  The character that you play, Aveline, has a strong background about how she was left on her own by a child and has been raised by a her 'new' mother.  The map is very detailed and there are lots of different things to collect.  The fact that you have three personas is a great idea and more games should implament this into their games.  For each persona, there is a diffent wanted level, meaning that if you gathered a lot of noriety in the assassin persona, change to the lady persona and bride gueards.Also, the fact that when you're in the slave persona, you can get into any plantation by picking up and carrying a crate is amazing!  It may not sound like much, but when you're in a lazy mood and need to get into a plantation, just change to the slave persona and walk straight passed the gueards.There are many things I have seen in this game that were in Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, like icons etc... For example, when you're looting someone, the icon is the same as Assassin's Creed: Black Flag!  This just makes the game look a lot smoother and polished.When I pre-ordered the game, I didn't know what to expect.  I thought the game mechanics where going to be incredibly bad (as this has just been re-ported - used to be a PS Vita game).  And to be honest, ubisoft have done really well.  There will be many moments in the game where you just want to throw your computer out of the window (as I wanted to while recording a walkthough) because some things are fairly glitchy. Also, the free running (like in all Assassins Creed game) is really frustraiting.One more bad point, this game has quick time events.  These are really annoying!  I was trying to do a mission but couldn't until I took down this crocodile.  However, it was a quick time event.  If you pressed a button just a second out of time, you will have to restart all over again!However, over all, ubisoft have done really well porting this game over to PC!  Even though the missions may be a little short, that's fine because they're packed full of information!If you would like to see gameplay, feel free to check out my walkthrough over on YouTube!www.youtube.com/tomthecubegaming"
76561198140229093,Recommended,260210,12950200,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ปีนตึกหนียาม,"This game is an overlooked gem from the series. The story is nicely paced and the Erudito meta plot is a nice touch. The settings are beautiful, especially when they move away from the urban into the bayou and the Mayan ruins. The costume designs are beautiful and suit the characters well. Speaking of character, Aveline is such a badass while still retains femininity and gentility. Oh, and if you unlock Connor's Tomahawk in uplay and equip it, she's gonna have the same kickass fighting animation as he. Sweet times. The only con I can think of now, apart from those darn bugs, is that there's no famous historical figures here. Still, it's good fun and I really wish it was longer."
,Not Recommended,260210,15151514,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,--Skeptik--,"Terrible excuse for an Assassin's Creed game.  It's an embarrassment to the entire franchise.  Plagued by bugs and glitches, terrible story, not very well explained.  Movement controls are some of the worst in the series.  Voice acting is atrocious.  To no surprise, the game is not optimised for PC.  The only good part of the PC version is that the textures have been redone to look nicer.  There is no fast travel in the entire game, the persona's are a neat idea but the lady persona is just annoying and pretty much irrelevant (you run slowly and cannot jump or climb).  Too much running around without any reason why, very repetitive missions, lack of side quests.  The Trade System is kind of fun.  Nothing more than glorified DLC.  Ubisoft Sofia really dropped the ball on this one.  If you're looking for a great Assassin's Creed title, I would recommend skipping this one and playing Black Flag, or Rogue."
76561198105372290,Recommended,260210,8846754,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,ScarletKitty00,"I really did enjoy this game. It was about time that there was a female assassin. I do have one complaint. I pre-ordered this game to get the Bonus ""Voodoo Pack"". I did not recieve it, disappointingly. Does anyone else have this issue?"
76561198021296788,Recommended,260210,12516947,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,damitrial_deathmar,further story for the series but not as fun as the rest still worth getting.
,Not Recommended,260210,14981828,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,billyliu2018,"EDIT: Nominated for ""Nobody Gives A Damn"" AwardMy first review on Steam is actually a ramble.I bought this game mainly to complete the collection. It turns out to be the worst I've EVER played.It's a port from PS Vita; really obvious from the monotonous music.The first thing that frustrates me is the controls. Aveline, though slimmer than her male counterparts, is much more clumsier. Freerunning through the trees in the Bayou is a pain. Somehow the system can't detect another branch on the other side of the trunk unless you press left or right. The leaves can be hard like walls and nothing can get through. Some of the gaps can be slid under while other gaps, much higher, are simply see-through walls.Another really annoying thing about the game is the environment sounds and Aveline's sounds. Everytime she hops, or just getting onto a barrel, she grunts or groans. Freerunning through rooftops comes with a series of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ from her. The most irritating sound in the game is the questioning ""enh?"" from the passerbys. In the end I just stab them when they issue such a sound.The dialogue in this game is really illogical. No wait, they're ILL-logical. Take, for example, sequence 3. Aveline and Elise both crashed through the fort and ""wrecked"" the slaves' ""chance for work"" (more likely to be sold). But somehow the slaves had grudge only on Aveline, and Elise is able to take the slaves back, not to mention giving Aveline a sarcastic sneer of her ""incurring gratitude"" when she herself had a hand in this. The mentor Agate questions Aveline's loyalty when she came to him instantly upon receiving his message, and then he stole her idea to assassin the governor and gave her an order that apparently she was going to carry out, regardless the order.The quests themselves are just unreasonably difficult. Guards can detect you with their backs to you. Cutscenes are long, boring and unskippable, and the checkpoints are scarce. Don't even hope for the fast-travel: the ""fast-travels"" marked on the  map means ""ship from New Orleans to the Bayou"".The innovative aspect of this game is the personas. BUT don't get you hopes high about changing persona whenever you want in the quest - impossible.Don't waste your money on this. This is even worse than AC3. The only game in the series worse than this is AC3 DLCs."
76561198276096245,Recommended,260210,34782201,Posted: 6 September,all,April,"Playing as a female assassin for once is kinda fun , would have been better if they spent more time with the story , i felt like the game was kinda short."
76561198040888405,Not Recommended,260210,12308994,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Tushypushy,"Is it me or has Ubisoft completely forgotten the title to their own series? The last three Assassin's Creed games (AC3, AC3:L, and AC4) have almost completely gotten rid of the idea of a guild or Creed. The premises have comprised of the main characters story and nothing more. Though we see the Creed amongst the natives in AC4, we do next to nothing with them for a big portion of the game. Though it looks like Unity will be bringing back that Creed feel, I can definitely say I am tired of feeling like I am only playing a character that is only an assassin because they ""knew a guy who knew a guy.""As far as Liberation goes, it is one of the worst Assassin's Creed games yet. First off, the story was atrocious. I was getting pretty freakin bored when there were entire sequences devoted to helping the fathers company. The story telling felt chopped up and your only real motivation was because you were being told to. I cared very little for the characters in this game. Even with Aveline, her character was not very rounded and I could have cared less as to what happened to her in the end. Practically the whole story was told by you going from point A to point B and pressing activate on something, that is seriously about 90% of this game. Liberation was probably the worst yet about this, but something has got to give with Assassin's Creed games when it comes to gameplay. I can only do tailing and eaves-dropping missions so many times, its getting insanely old Ubisoft! And whats up with this thing in Assassin""s Creed games where they will spawn you in after a cut-scene only 10 feet away from where you need to run to in order to trigger the next cut-scene, I mean why bother? Though a lot of people claim the climbing was awful in this one, I found that it was acceptable, with one exception being a cave area near the end that frustrated the ever-living sh*t out of me. Oh and MY goodness the voice acting in this game... It had some of the worst voice acting for a decent budget game that I have heard in a long time. As far as the graphics go, they were okay. Though you could tell it was a port from the Vita, the graphics were not really all that bad, but it does not quite compare to any of the other Assassin's Creed games.Overall this game sucked. It just simply was not fun. I would only recommend getting it if it went on a huge sell and you happen to be a big fan of Assassin's Creed games, otherwise spare yourself."
,Recommended,260210,14470073,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Manuel048,"I guess it's alright, but I wish they would give you more options to change the graphics settings. The shadows wreck my computer"
,Recommended,260210,14572340,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mistabullit,"In this game you play a simulator provided by abstergo as an entertainment product. Someone has hacked into the code to highlight some of the inconsistencies with what Abstergo has provided as the truth in their VR experience. You end up doing a lot more Assassin work and a bit of Detective work in this game. The Collection and commerce is still there on the side but there is not the same amount of character costume customisation (Much like AC 3).One of the best stories since Brotherhood and the trading mechanics were better than the AC3 (Thank goodness they removed the horrendous crafting ui). Overall, despite the obvious technical floors here and there and the absence of ships this is quite a solid Assassins Game.The layout and size of New Orleans is just right for an ""on foot game"" and the different guises make the game a little more interesting to play. The Bayou is horrible in contrast with the swamp and water slowing your movement if you don't happen upon treeline routes here and there.Would have liked a map that showed all the guise collectibles. It was too hard to track these as they only showed on proximity and some required different guises, I just ended up giving up on those."
,Recommended,260210,12027022,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,.: D :.,"This is one of those games, I never thought I'll see on PC; furthermore, in this installment of the Assassin's Creed game series you relive the memories of Aveline an Assassin from New Orleans in North America living her part of the American Revolution.This game pretty much has the same engine as Assassin's Creed III, almost all of the features were taken from the previous game. (i.e.: parkour and combat mechanics, etc). There are some new features included, such as:- The persona feature, which is pretty much using 3 different versions or disguises for Aveline; all of them have their use and advantages in some zones while you progress the story- The whip as a new weapon, because introduces more types of combos you can do while in combatWhile the story is quite short (of course, the original games comes from the Playstation Vita, no wonder why is short) it can be quite interesting going through all the events in the game as there are some part where the game shows you and alternate version of the events you did, something they call ""seeing the truth"". As for the controls are quite simple, if not the same as Assassin's Creed III.There are 3 main locations where the story takes place, quite big maps though.Unlike the previous Assassin's Creed games on PC, this one doesn't have a multiplayer mode, just single player mode.All in all, it is an entertaining game and if you probably will enjoy it if you played the rest of games in the series. so, pick it up and let's get those templars!..."
,Recommended,260210,10510783,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,snowyrascal,"So far I'm really enjoying this game. It has quite a bit more variety than I expected, as you get to switch between the three ""personas"" Aveline has. Each one has its unique strengths and weaknesses, and you have to keep those in mind when going through the objectives. Some other reviewers complained about the persona system, but I think it allows you to play with your style a bit more, since you can choose whether you want to prioritize combat, stealth, etc. The graphics are pretty, though the resolution is still lower than AC4, but I enjoy it just fine when it's not full screen. Aveline is an interesting character, and it's great to see a female poc as a lead character in any video game, especially in the kickass AC series. (You screwed up with Unity, Ubisoft, and I will be actively pushing everyone I know away from that game)"
76561198000378204,Recommended,260210,9440437,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Kyp,"This game is a port from the Vita. You have to know it before buying. It's not AC5, it's not even really AC3.5. It's a spin-off game that comes from a portable console.And once you know it, you can appreciate a very good game. There's less to do than in any other AC game, but it's not the same price either. And apart from the quantity, the usual quality is there, no problem. Ok, the story isn't very good, but the story never was the strong point of any Assassin's Creed.The setting is nice, the main character is nice and the game itself feels nice.If you like Assassin's Creed, you'll like Assassin's Creed Liberation. If you only liked previous games because of caricatural characters like Ezio or Edward, you may wish to avoid Liberation though.Il faut savoir une chose sur ce jeu : c'est un portage d'un jeu Vita. Ce n'est pas AC5, ce n'est même pas AC3.5. C'est juste un jeu à part qui nous vient tout droit d'une console portable.Et une fois qu'on est au courant, on peut apprécier un très bon jeu. Il y a moins de choses à faire que dans les autres AC, mais ce n'est pas le même prix non plus. Et à part la durée de vie, la qualité est bien là. L'histoire est un peu bidon, mais avouons-le, l'histoire n'a jamais été le point fort des Assassin's Creed.L'ambiance est super, l'héroïne est super et jouer au jeu est tout simplement super.Si vous aimez les autres Assassins Creed, vous aimerez celui-là. Si vous n'avez apprécié les précédents qu'à cause de héros caricaturaux comme Ezio ou Edward, vous pouvez passer votre chemin."
,Recommended,260210,9780619,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,(LG)B(T) for Babadook,"This is a good game. I have to say that Ubisoft caught me by surprise when they made a female to be the main assassin. Sure there were female assassin's, but they were only backround characters. At first I was confused about the game when it started but as I continued playing it began to make sense and the storyline making sense and getting much more interesting. The graphics are amazing, the accents are perfect, and the historical sense is almost to completely accurate."
,Recommended,260210,9095549,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,aka Lowkey,Love the AC Series
,Recommended,260210,9508872,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Bluetooth McGee,"Comparing this game to Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is a bit unfair, being that this is a HD remaster of a PlayStation Vita game released in 2012. I'd like to think of Assassin's Creed: Liberation HD as Assassin's Creed III's little brother (sister?) in terms of graphics, gameplay, story, and everything else. Don't expect too much though; the game still has the trappings of a Vita port (e.g. shorter missions, smaller locations, not that many side quests compared to games in the main series) and there's a good chance your PC won't run it smoothly due to stability issues. Though fixes are usually easy, I suggest holding off until Ubisoft releases a patch addressing this and other issues. Otherwise, this is a fun little adventure through 18th Century Louisiana and a great complement to Assassin's Creed III."
,Not Recommended,260210,25481614,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkullRadar,"Honestly, just kind of meh. Not the worst game I've ever played, but it isn't very well optimized, the story isn't very engaging, and the gameplay feels clunky and bleh. It's just Assassins Creed 1 reskinned with a female character model and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story."
,Recommended,260210,20952696,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Nocturnal Stalker,"While Assassin's Creed Liberation doesn't amount to much as a standalone game, it still serves as a nice extension to AC3.This is the first game in the franchise that features a female protagonist, which leads to one of the major changes: this time you are allowed to change between three different personas (lady, assassin, slave), each one of them having their own specialities. Also, this time you are given a whip, which is like having an infinite number of rope darts. Other than that, there are not many differences compared to AC3.The downside of this game for me definitely was a scenario. The story itself is not bad at all, but the way it's being portrayed is quite poor and gives me a feeling that the developers haven't put a lot of effort into making of the game. I understand perfectly that this game is cheaper than Assassin's Creed 3, but still one expects more from the addition to the series.All in all, if you are a fan of Assassin's Creed or have some money to spare, you should spend a couple of evenings with Liberation and help young Aveline in her efforts."
,Recommended,260210,22242390,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Darth Rand,"I'll keep this review short since, well this is a short game compared to the others and theres really not much i have to say about it and there isnt anything that special about this game.This is a decent addition to the francise, its a bit small and theres not much to do compared to the other games in the francise, theres barley anything new other than the persona system(which is kinda nice), good graphics, the music is okay, the story is good, the combat is fun as always and Aveline is a good protagonist.7/10For what it is its certainly worth buying on sale at least if your like me an AC fan and never get tired of the games."
76561198067851126,Recommended,260210,29133899,Posted: 8 January,all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I was really torn between the thumbs up and the thumbs down on this one so take the thumbs up with a grain of salt.This is assassins creed light... but that is not a bad thing. It is less cluttered and overwhelming than some of the other titles and feels somewhat nice and refreshing. It is also nice to play a female character and the 3 persona thing was kind of cool.There are some problems though. The noteriety system is garbage. If I run into some soldiers in the middle of nowhere and kill all of them with no witnesses, my notoriety should not go up. However that is not how it works. If you earn noteriety, it sticks with you until you complete the mechanic for dispelling it (different for the 3 different personas).The game was actually shaping up to be one of my favorite AC titles but then the real reason I am struggling to give it a thumbs up started occuring.  Horrible bugs everywhere. These occurences started happening around 3/4 of the way through the game like the devs just gave up or something. It was quite good until then. Characters that were supposed to follow me just stood there. Notoriety mechanics glitched out and got stuck. Combat indicators started disapearing. Perhaps worst of all, my whip decided to just disapear to where I could not use it for the remainder of the game (Which was a complete pain in the butt).All in all I am going to cautiously thumbs up this because I do think it is worth a play. However, The bugs are absurd and obviously are not going to be patched at this point so be prepared for some frustrations."
,Recommended,260210,32584126,Posted: 19 June,all,DannyRodriguez,"It's like a normal Assassin's Creed game only not as polished and fleshed out and with weaker voice acting. The performance isn't the greatest but not a deal breaker and the persona mechanic is very interesting. I liked the way it gave variety to the gameplay, something I haven't seen before in any other Assassin's Creed. Disarming enemies became a viable tactic for instance since you don't have a weapon some times because of it."
,Not Recommended,260210,25692994,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rainsing,"It's still the familiar AC formula, only with less features and a smaller scale.I play this game only because AC IV has a lot of references of the Aveline character, and I want to experience a bit more of her story. Only recommended for hardcore AC fans like me who don't want to miss a chapter of the overall story of the series."
76561198202227268,Not Recommended,260210,15000233,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,nootNOOT,"very slow, i've been playing for 5 hours and am already 20% done the gamplay so very short too. I had to turn aa and vsync off and it's still slow. the gamplay is a little confusing and the plot is pretty vague. it seemed to have started out good and then just... poof, there goes all your hopes of this thing being exciting. it fall flat so fast it makes 3 day old pepsi seem appealing.i wouldn't have been interested in the first place if it didn't a female poc as the protagonist and even then it just feels hazy. like if the game was a food it would be one of those flavorless sandwhiches you get on american airlines.i find it incredably sad that the quality is so low compared to the other ac games and i bet that if it was a male protagonist it would get far more care put into making sure that it acually works properlly. it's incredably halfa**ed and has gameplay that gives me a headache.how can ubisoft put so much care and effort into making the other ac games to have such amazing plot and characters all with male protagonists and then just slap on a name tag saying ""assassin's creed"" to a halfas**ed game with a chick on it and call it feminism? no no no no no.i recomend this game for one purpose, to show ubisoft how people actually give af about female poc protagonists and that they should continue to do them but with more effort. send a complaint to ubisoft if you don't want to actually buy it, just spam them because this is unacceptable. every goddamn assassin's creed game is great and not slower than teenager in the morning and the one that's not just ""happens"" to be the only one with a woman as the protagonist?if you're going to buy this game only for it's assassin, do your wallet a favor and concious a favor and just tweet @ubisoft a couple of times to get your message but if you have $20 you're willing to toss around, it's a mediocre game by normal standards"
76561197993465465,Not Recommended,260210,10498661,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Impact,"Don't let this be your first Assassin's creed game. If you're a fan of the series and absolutely must play every AC game for the whole story, then I'm not going to stop you. It's why I got it. But let me warn you, this is not a good representative of the series. The game is boggy, the controls feel soft and floaty. The action will slow to a crawl from a memory leak or just an overambitious engine. The story is told in bursts, that I assume fit when it was on the Vita, but now just jerk you out of the experience. The cut scenes are out of sync, sometimes by several seconds. The combat can be unresponsive, so when the mission says don't get hit, and you're mashing the smoke bombs before the heavy starts swinging... yeah, good luck.What's good... If it matters or not, you are the first female lead in an Assassin's Creed game. They have an interesting mechanic regarding your Personas, diguises you wear to infiltrate different levels of society. But a lot more could have been done with that than what was used. The business is a nice optional diversion, managing shipping lanes to gather the cash for more weapons.If you need it for the collection, get it on sale. If your interest was piqued from references in AC4, just know that this is a step back and down in gameplay."
,Recommended,260210,13697887,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JoeMamaInc,"I LOVE the Assassin's Creed series and I was so excited to see a female assassin! IF ONLY I COULD PLAY IT. I started it up and went to the options because it was extremely laggy and the speech didnt match up with the audio (it was so behind), but the options menu didn't show up. I had to ctrl alt delete to get out and close the game. I restarted my computer, Started up the game a few  times and nothing worked. Every time I tried to go to the options menu nothing showed up and I kept getting stuck. I would recommend this game if they fixed these problems and could play it myself. The story of this game is great and is a must play if you're into the AC series, but like many of the other AC games, it's glitchy."
,Not Recommended,260210,13814487,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ic,"First of all, this isn't a review, this is more like first impressions blog.So I wanted my yearly fix of AC and got this game on winter sale, since AC unity is broken right now and I've mastered all the other entries. And I regret spending each cent on this tittle. Why ? I'll explain down below.First of all textures and modeling looks ok, something between AC2 and AC3. However environment looks empty, it lacks additional decorations, stuff like bushes, grass, flowers etc. Animations are also weird and glitchy. Aveline  moves a bit weird, lip-sinking often is off, in a fight weapons go past enemies and so on. Also there are reasonable number of bugs in general which often will make you stuck in environment or not allow you to progress the current mission, so you must restart the game all over. Autosaves sometimes don't work even if the icon shows that they happened, and there is just so much more I could mention.And the sound design ? It's a mess as well, voice acting is nothing impressive with over the top french accent and unmemorable music.Last thing i didn't cover, is the game-play.Game is really easy with free run being  just too forgiving. However it filled with bugs as well, especially in wilderness. Combat is the same AC stuff, but here guards are more less likely to detect you and i found they are not that much around in environment as well.There are some new mechanics, which are poorly implemented and are waste of time.So to sum it up. You should avoid this tittle even if you are die-hard AC fan like I am. Game is glitchy and buggy. Gameplay is boring. World and characters are poorly designed. the list just continuous.From what I played, I won't give it more than 4.5/10 !!!Thanks for reading."
76561197987047936,Recommended,260210,16326498,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Squid,"Assassin's Creed Liberation provides an interesting new angle on the AC universe, a strong lead in the series' first female assassin, and a great mechanic in the personas (which I would love to see explored further in a main-series game), but it squanders its opportunities and ends up sub-par in pretty much every other aspect. Even though I greatly enjoyed Aveline and her personas, Liberation is easily the worst Assassin's Creed I've played yet. Though to be fair, that doesn't make it a bad game by any means - just not up to series expectations.Full review here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2015/06/assassins-creed-liberation-hd.html"
,Not Recommended,260210,14631399,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Rawr the Dragon,There's a gitched promotional image on the store's front page. Need I say morehttp://cdn.akamai.steamstatic.com/steam/apps/260210/ss_06bb7fd14b312d069cf97f33cdcddea51dd80d3b.jpg?t=1410450857
,Not Recommended,260210,13381730,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Goose,"Assassin's Creed: Please Make it StopThat should have been this game's title.If you like the formula, then this game is for you, but if you're in it for the story. Go read a summarization.This game like all the otheres after Ezio's trilogy, is just run around and pick stuff up. That's all. Boring. Not worth it.Unless you like crying yourself to sleep because you could've used that money to take your friends out for a nice coffee."
,Recommended,260210,29219073,Posted: 12 January,all,WarmPotato,"Did you play AC3? Well, this is it, but ported from a PSP or something XDThe story is kind of unclear and short - but hey, this is a casual game, a mobile game originally!Play it a bit here and there, enjoy!There are some big differences like the ability to send out ships for trade and wear different outfits with different notoriety levels - but hey, its just another Asssassin's Creed game :D"
76561198162398750,Recommended,260210,17438487,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sebastokrator,"I can understand why many players are frustrated by this game simply because it is not as rich or detailed as one of the major Assassin's Creed games. For what it is though, I find it very satisfying.Being a port the game is very much playable and I was able to run it without encountering any bugs or lag. The story is a bit mediocre, but gains some tention towards the end and the characters are a quite stock, but non the less interesting. I really like the idea of the personas, especialy the way notoriety works which makes it feel more like an assassin game, and makes possible for different ways to tackle missions. The quality of the graphics is also very good, considering it is a port. The voice acting on the other hand has some troubles on certain occasions. Most missions are also mediocre, but not as repetitive as the ones in Black Flag, and there is a familiar array of weapons.Overall, I think that this game is worth a play, especialy for an Assassin's Creed fan, as it does fine as such a game."
76561198029697590,Recommended,260210,16322819,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mevira,I really enjoyed this Assassin's Creed. Changing Avelines outfits gives this game a new twist. Parasol gun ftw!
76561198097363490,Recommended,260210,10974679,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Unpleasant,"Considering it's just a PSP Vita port, the game isn't as in-depth as others of the franchise which leaves the price questionable, however it's still an overly good addition for assassins creed. It doesn't take that long to finish the main plot and the side missions aren't nescessary nor overly time consuming. The games most appealing quality is the only female assassin protagonist to date, 'Aveline'. She is an in-depth character working to abolish slavery, once being a slave herself. Through the game you can switch between her three personas, 'slave', 'lady' and 'assassin'. Each comes with different 'skills' if you will, and some missions are only completable as a certain persona.The combat and free-running feel very familiar to other titles. The graphics are above average but not as good as later releases, and the story is rather simplified. But once again reminding that this is just a port, it was done pretty damn well in my opinion and I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,260210,32095710,Posted: 31 May,all,Kinzie's Famous Chimichangas,"This game is only average, not horrible, but nothing special, either. I really quite like the main character and one or two secondary ones, the rest I cared nothing about. The story isn't bad, but it can get boring at times (however, the ending was pretty good, in my opinion). The port to PC is only average, and of course you have to deal with Uplay. If you can get it for cheap, it might be worth it; just don't pay full price for this game."
,Not Recommended,260210,15006197,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Misaka(X)XXXII,This game is really badthe story is WTF and did not have a single epic momentlots of bugsI feel very inconvenient all time when i play itthis game only worth if you want to farm uplay point
,Not Recommended,260210,9101664,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mrazish,For hardcore fans only
,Recommended,260210,25880983,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Hamra,"The game is remastered from the vita version, which is still pretty decent. The gameplay is fun and kinda new, and Aveline is kick♥♥♥♥♥Ignore the negative reviews as these are people who just want everything to be dead perfect. Well, AC is about the story mostly, and the story here is awesome. The graphics? well, it's remastered, and they're not charging you premium price. The alternative would have been to never port it to PC, and you would never get to play this game and see its story -_-"
76561198048055137,Not Recommended,260210,26096764,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ghostfart69,"This is pretty much the shortest time I've ever taken to just...'nope' right out of a full game. I mean, if you can really call it full?Graphics are basically pretty textures slapped and cobbled over janky♥♥♥♥♥objects that constantly clip and jiggle and the awkward controls make it worse - any sort of immersion to the game was GONE within 20 minutes.It's sad because it felt like there'd be an interesting story in there, and while Aveline's setup felt awkwardly paced the tutorial didn't take almost an hour coughcough3cough.  Like, if there were more effort put into the game, and just. I don't know, a little more care for the mechanics so it didn't just feel like railroading through, and if it even just looked a bit less sloppy, I'd probably suck it up and keep going because...well, heck! Aveline's badass, and could be a complex character, and also...actually a lady assassin? And I like a girl that can stab the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything.Instead, I'm just gonna probably redownload Dishonored for my assassin kick and pretend I didn't just lose 50 minutes of my precious, ticking lifespan to this digital abortion."
76561198009430218,Not Recommended,260210,15807684,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,JacoRay,"Uninspired. That's pretty much how AC: Liberation was after beating the last mission.Don't get me wrong, the animators, modelers, artists, and programmers did a splendid job, especially with the HD upgrade from the Vita version. It's the story that's largely uninspired. It's boring, it never drew me in and it almost felt like a chore just to continue playing. The only thing that kept me going is my necessity to complete an Assassin's story as I do find myself enamored in the AC universe.Aveline is an interesting Assassin, and the first playable female one in the series, despite not being part of the main canon. Her goals and ambitions are there, although they're generic as fudge, but her story never had a 'wow factor' either. There wasn't anything remotely interesting about it, and there wasn't anything surprising either. The intro has just about no context as far as Aveline's mother disappearing. And then suddenly you go from child to full on Assassin. It's like, where's the training, or mentorship? Where's the self discovery? Basically there wasn't any character development because of the significant time jump in character.The story itself is predictable. Actually, no, it's not. It jumps all over the place concerning locations, and which character's you'll be interacting with, but the whole ""The slavers are Templars, you're the liberator uncovering a plot"" was just so typical and there wasn't any interesting spin to draw you in. Plus the dialogue was laughable and the cutscenes were overacted.I feel like I shouldn't have to continue, basically, the plot wasn't that great. There's a good story in there somewhere, but the approach wasn't good.I will continue though, the gameplay and everything else was pretty good, but there are also parts towards the end of the game where Aveline bugs out while climbing or will randomly get stuck at the edge of dock while an enemy attempts to flail their weapon at you. You'll find instances of being randomly stuck, or the level design in one-off areas are kind of poor, you could just tell that the devs were being rushed to push this game out. Soundtrack was a bit random at points, music from the bayou still playing in New Orleans and is African influenced even though the main character was raised in a French family, like wtf. The sound design seemed empty too, like crowd chatter in New Orleans was kept to a minimum. The ambient sounds in the bayou weren't prominent enough. New Orleans itself was designed well enough. I'd imagine that over 200 hundred years ago, it was as small as it was in this game, but none of the buildings were interesting.Even the historical context in the game is kept to a bare minimum, like there's in game codex appearances when seeing historical buildings or people, you just see them and maybe they're in the data aspect in the main menu. Maybe.Overall, it wasn't a bad game, but not a great one either. Just an okay one.6.5/10Overall, I wouldn't recommend this unless it's uber cheap or if you're a hardcore AC fan."
,Recommended,260210,9049088,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,SNiPEzz,"This game is without a doubt, a fun and interesting game. That is, if you have the pc for it. If you get this game, you may want to have a really good pc that will run pretty much anything you give it. My pc will run this game perfectly, others I know have problems with it because either their pc sucks or cannot run this game because of a certain reason, I will tell you that reason.I had this problem until I disabled the ""AA"" in the settings. Disable that and you should be fine if you think your pc can run this game. This game is really fun and all but is nothing like Assassin's Creed Black Flag. If you get a game from the Assassin's Creed series, I highly suggest getting Black Flag."
76561198094255012,Recommended,260210,8826513,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Nåtilyi,"This is the first real shot ive given any Creed game.... WOW I really enjoy it and while sure it may have crisper graphics but nothing you havent seen from a well funded 2011-2012 game in the year 2014.... its affordable and the story is gripping and quite deep... Aveline is a crazy great character to play and has possibly the most intriguing back story i have witnessed in a long time of gaming! The fighting and climbing is slightly slower and grittier as Aveline is tall and solid but slender, still only a 70-80kg woman which they totally take into account! The climbing and fighting rely on finnesse and her ability to misdirect and avoid taking damage instead of the usual counter then become unstoppable i hear about in other creeds games.... Its political, smooth, gritty, realistic, quite beautiful, mature and frankly alot more fun than driving a pirate ship like its a formula one car in the pinnacle of unrealism that is the ""latest"" creed to date.... Liberation offers alot more for alot less money and wont♥♥♥♥♥♥you off with complete and utter pirate nonsense....Upon killing all CitezenE characters and unlocking the true story.... which isnt hard.... this game was a 9.5/10 for me... considering this games background and history that is a perfect score for any creed game i am not really fans of... this is refreshing, smooth and an incredibly interesting story that will keep you wanting to play just to find out the truth! Legendary Game..."
,Recommended,260210,9906194,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,FluffyPunch,"Although not a true Assassin's Creed Game, Liberation still provides a fun experience that any AC fan will enjoy.  Game mechanics remain the same and the graphics look surprisingly good for a port."
,Recommended,260210,10572361,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheMighty0wl,"Well, its a nice change of pase playing as a female character. I like it becasue you can do the kind of stuff that a male character cant. Such as seducing guards. This is a great start for the AC franchise to start thinking about incorperating more female assassins. (Which they still have not done yet even in the coop for Unity)I like the game, it bring s back the roots of AC with teh poster collecting and still adds the new stuff like tree climbing.The one thing I noticed in this game was the lack of sneaking in bushes. There are a few hiding spots but not all grass will hide you it seems.I would recamend playing it if you like the AC games."
76561198101505954,Not Recommended,260210,11374470,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,FUCKER,"English:Pros:- Halfway acceptable graphicsCons:- Weak / thin story (neither exciting nor variety or red thread)- No / little innovation (if only as bad as for example the ""crocodiles"")- Uninteresting character's- Lack of freedom (no time for side missions / Easter Eggs)Conclusion: Compared to other offshoots (Brotherhood, Revelations, Freedom Cry), it is even so bad that I have canceled it after 50%! According to the motto importantly quick sale 2/10!Deutsch:Pros:- Halbwegs akzeptable GrafikCons:- Schwache/dünne Story (weder Spannung noch Abwechslung oder roter Faden)- Keine/kaum Neuerungen (wenn nur schlecht wie z.B. die ""Krokodile"")- uninteressante Characktere- Fehlende Freiheit (kaum Zeit für Nebenmissionen/Easter Eggs)Fazit: Im Vergleich zu anderen Ablegern (Brotherhood, Revelations, Freedom Cry) ist es sogar so schlecht das ich es nach 50 % abgebrochen haben! Nach dem Motto Hauptsache schnell was raushauen 2/10!"
,Recommended,260210,12296729,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jonathan1412,A classic AC game with a female lead.
,Not Recommended,260210,11781111,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Master Blaster,"The controls and feel. Wile the story is okay, the game is just...bad."
,Recommended,260210,10591398,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,banjoeskimo,"A sloppy story and horrible in-game economy mean this is an AC game for die-hards only. Getting behind the blades of a female assassin for the first time is fun, and Aveline is certainly a compelling character, but it's unfortunately not enough to save the experience from coming across as decidely average. Although, to the game's credit, mowing down guards like a ballerina of death in a poofy 1700s dress is 100% badass."
,Not Recommended,260210,21978787,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,N20_RJ,SO SO !!!! : 6.9 / 10
,Recommended,260210,11609065,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,oh? henry,"This game must've taken so much work, considering UbiSoft said it's way too hard to make women characters playble in a game. And in this one the woman has THREE OUTFITS and two unique animation sets. WOW. This must've taken FOREVER. You should play this marvel of engineering because ♥♥♥♥ OK OK OK.AC: Liberation is great because it's different. The lead's a black woman goin' round stabbing white fools and saving slaves. She's independent, strong, and well written. She has motivations that do not revolve around men, but around her own desire to do what's right and just.Also it's way shorter than most AC games which is a blessing because holy crap I don't have all day AC get to the effing point."
,Recommended,260210,8792232,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,WidescreenRules,"Although this doesn't provide anything new to the franchise (save for the only female protagonist), it's still an enjoyable romp through colonial Louisiana. The ability to take on three different personas gives a bit more change, but otherwise it's still a good addition to the Assassin's Creed line. The HD graphics look gorgeous, although I had to turn off anti-aliasing to get a smooth frame rate on a GTX 560ti.It's not without its problems, such as glitchy side quests, short draw distance for some things, and (unfortunately) the desire for your character to run up walls and trees that you don't want just like what plagued the Ezio trilogy. You'll get maybe 15-20 hours if you try to do everything, which is great for a $20 game.If you love the AC series but aren't looking for anything particularly new, this game is worth the $20."
,Recommended,260210,24785412,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MiniDude,"Score6 / 10Does it contain massive plot points needed for future games? no.The game is not really that good or that bad, but it's definitely not a good standalone game. Which means that if AC was not a franchise and this was the only game, it would probably be rated a little lower and it would not sell that well. It doesn't include any important plot lines to further the overall story, so the only reason to really buy this game is if you're a huge fan of the franchise. And you want to have played them all."
76561197970546409,Not Recommended,260210,10810272,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MechDeus,"The opening moments of the game, much like most every title in the series, begins with the display of the virtual world being constructed in front of the player. As soon as the first civilian is rendered he immediately walks into a giant wooden pole right in front of him, stumbling back slightly and then tries to figure out how to walk around it. I'd say this sets the stage for the rest of the game pretty well.While not as pointless and forgettable as Brotherhood's campaign, I'm glad I skipped the Vita version because even with the improvements it's still a glitchy, boring game. I've fallen into bottomless pits and just landed on my feet to walk around down there, I've had missions break thanks to AI groups that were supposed to stay together who then split up because they got caught on each other and couldn't walk forward, I've had the battle icons just vanish entirely making counterattacks and such literally impossible, there's typos in the text, and so on. It's nowhere near the mess that ACIII was at launch but even overhauled it's still pretty janky. The three guises that can be donned are probably the most interesting part, although they feel almost completely ignored as a gameplay element for most of the missions.The compatively small areas for the series are also a drawback, and combined with the same lackluster low vertical height for climbing that ACIII had ends up with the game feeling more like a rushed cash-in instead of a major entry. The interesting additions and okay campaign put it somewhere in the middle-to-low range of this series, better than the original to actually play but well below ACII and Revelations. However, just like Brotherhood, it adds nothing to the series as a whole and can be completely ignored until one has finished all the other main titles, and even then only if they're still hunting for more."
76561198196535069,Not Recommended,260210,29096246,Posted: 7 January,all,blowowar,"I'm a huge fan of AC series and I bought it with a discount, despite of many existing negative comments.It turned out that it's TRUE it will CRUSH EVERY AROUND 20 MINUTES (Win 10 system) (tried some suggestions but couldn't fix it), and I came across some small bugs (not a big deal compared with the crushing issue).Take the negative comments seriously if you are not a huge (and stuborn) fan like me."
,Not Recommended,260210,11602487,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,ManoBird,"I only played it for loyalty to the franchise, it's a good complement for AC3 but it doesn't add much to the whole franchise history. Gameplay is the same than AC3 and the ""adds"" doesn't make much differente aswell. 7/10"
,Recommended,260210,10024983,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hairbautt,"This particular iteration of the Assassin's Creed franchise is based off a once exclusive Playstation Vita release, but has been enhanced and expanded for the PC. A much welcomed surprise, Assassin's Creed: Liberation HD (also referred to as Assassin's Creed III: Liberation) is a game that feels and controls like any other triple A title. It introduces a new and unique character that is easily more lovable than the original protagonist from the third game. In terms of gameplay, the game roughly revolves around the same mechanics found in the universe, but offers a new twist in the form of changeable personas. The main lead in the game, Aveline de Grandpré, can alter her attire fulfilling the roles of an Assassin, Lady or Slave - each providing their own incentives. Assassin’s Creed: Liberation HD shouldn't be passed up by gamers especially by those who know and love the franchise. The game's price point does draw attention since it is less than regular releases, but it's certainly not something disproportionate. It'll offer you roughly 10 hours or so of gameplay!"
,Recommended,260210,17687857,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Butz,"It's alright for an Assassin's Creed spin-off. It functions fine and feels like an AC game, specifically AC III, so if you enjoy AC games then this is perfectly serviceable for no more than the $5-$7.50 sweet spot. If you like AC multiplayer then you're SOL with this game, but me personally I always enjoyed the single player aspect over the multiplayer so that didn't bother me too much. The story is kind of interesting for the first half of the game but then falls apart toward the end before finishing with a completely unsatisfying ending. The worst part is since this is a spin-off you're left with the feeling that Aveline's story didn't mean much of anything in the grand scheme of things regarding the overall AC mythos, but I still need to play Black Flag, Rogue and Unity so perhaps they reference it in any of those games. This is a spin-off, though, and much like Altair's PSP sidestory was lost in the ether I get the feeling this is the last we'll ever hear of Aveline and the First Civilization mystery disc that this game is about. I thought the graphics were fine considering this is just an upscaled Vita game. The graphics and resolution options are barebones so look elsewhere if you're looking for a game to make your rig purr. As it is, it's a serviceable spin-off or ""expansion pack"" to AC III.I'll recommend this to only people that enjoy the Assassin's Creed games and only if you get this for $7.50 or less. It's a decent time-waster if you're waiting on the next AC release."
,Not Recommended,260210,33870960,Posted: 28 July,all,dumline,"Very broken, gameplay wise. Even the biggest Assassin's creed fan can skip this; there's nothing to the overall story that you'll miss."
76561198022186814,Recommended,260210,8735104,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ebrainer1,"Right away, I noticed that the graphics were a breath of fresh air after black flag socked my machine in the gut. Smooth and clean without mucking up performance. The gameplay is very tightly constructed, which means that the storyline is quite linear with a few scattered side activities. While this does give it less of a sandboxy time-waster feel, it's important to remember that the original release of this game wasn't designed for the fully-fledged Assassin's Creed experience, and what is important is that it manages to be a stellar release nonetheless. The controls are a step backward from AC4, though, and as you'll play you'll feel the clunky weapon selector and naval trading interfaces weighing you down like a ball and chain. I know, I know, it was developed on the AC3 template, but how much effort does it really take to update the layout instead of chucking all the work that occured based on fan feedback out the window? Overall, though, this game is a great experience. I would pay 35 for it as it stands now, and when you consider how many leagues it is above the vita version, the choice is clear."
,Recommended,260210,8778009,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,cilla316,Better than expected story and gameplay with plenty of side missions and locations. The different personas and their abilities added a new dimension (lady vs. slave vs. assassin). A good experience so far.
,Recommended,260210,8959203,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,bruce!,"Some would say this would be a port of the PS Vita version of the game. If you're a true fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise you'll pick this title up. People say it's ""Assassin's Creed 3.5"" but it isn't. This game spins the tale of a French African American woman named Aveline deGrandpre who is looking for answers. What I like about this game that is different from the others, is that Aveline is a true master of disguise. Utilizing her 3 different personas -Slave , Lady, and of course Assassin, is really well done. Certain missions require different guises. Each guise has it's own notoriety. Really well done and looks amazing on PC. This gives the franchise that ""fresh"" feeling and it's a great example of things to come in future Assasin's Creed games. I would highly recommend this game to people."
76561198045519255,Not Recommended,260210,33811215,Posted: 26 July,all,shigad,"This game is full of visual glitches, and the story is a mess, because every cutscene is about 30 seconds or less."
76561198054023535,Not Recommended,260210,22240580,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Catpsyche,"Sadly, I cannot recommend this game.  Aveline is an important part of the AC storyline, IMAO.  However, the developers of this First Lead Woman failed to deliver any good gameplay of any interests whatsoever.  The controls are absolutley excruciating to deal with and the overall gameplay is boring as hell.  I really wanted to at least finish this game, but I just couldn't put myself somewhere after 50% of the game through.  So, now I'm off to the next chapter of AC.  I would say that this is THE VERY WORST AC GAME EVER, up to this point in the AC franchise!!!... Oh, and I already played Black Flag 4 & Freedom Cry (both are excellent) this far into the series."
,Recommended,260210,8762417,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Galxis,"Great game, everyone should try it ;)"
76561198046426560,Not Recommended,260210,30155463,Posted: 24 February,all,hack.causality,"Has a large number of frustrating bugs, including DLC items being deleted out of the player's inventory never to be obtained again."
,Recommended,260210,34236857,Posted: 14 August,all,zest,"AC: L is a conversion from PS VITA initial exclusive title.The game is set between 1765 and 1777, and primarily features the series' first female protagonist, Aveline de Grandpré, an African-French Assassin around the end of the French and Indian War, in 18th century New Orleans.+ Female protagonist- Bad optimisation- Low framerate- Weak stroy- Bad animation and textures- Short- RepetitiveVerdict: 50/100PLay only if die hard fan of AC series."
76561198114648296,Not Recommended,260210,22598629,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,alextuijnman,"Don't get me wrong I do enjoy this game, but the amount of times it crashes just makes it unbearable."
,Not Recommended,260210,18958546,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,The Relik,"I tried to like Liberation, coming off of ACIII and Black Flag, I REALLY wanted to like this game. Unfortunately, it does nothing new or exciting. Walk around, talk to people. Kill people. Repeat. Unfortunately, it's just really boring."
76561198096659530,Not Recommended,260210,27871695,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tomek.nowobilski,"I've played every AC game in the franchise and I'm a huge fan, but Liberation is just utter CRAP.- horrible dialogues, voice acting- boring story- not really interesting main character- basic game mechanics don't feel right in Liberation- bad graphics- it's just painful to playAvoid. buy Black Flag (AC4) and play it for 200h like me!"
,Not Recommended,260210,34451801,Posted: 23 August,all,Vincent,Crash Simulator 2012.
76561198035666441,Recommended,260210,8779348,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[IG]_Cpt_Miller,"wow this only crashed 4 times in under 2 hours... other then that it seems like a great game so far, just hope for a patch."
,Recommended,260210,9966117,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Heresjoeking,"Beautiful remake, feels like a main AC title"
76561198108652639,Not Recommended,260210,15572856,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,IDontLiftICarry,"This game's storyline is extremely boring and not exciting at all. Glad i got it when it was on sale. I feel like the developers rushed to make this game and published it as soon as they could. If you already played the AC games before this one, i recommend saving for AC black flag or Rogue if you havent played them already."
,Not Recommended,260210,10686534,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sencei,don't get the game only get it if u have a ubisoft luancher
,Recommended,260210,10734361,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Benignjames17,Плюсы:анимацияочень хорошоМиссии очень весело и привлекательнымминусы:Ты только получить использовать убийца нарядFPS очень случайная
,Recommended,260210,10901607,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,machineinput (koh1998),Wow just wow! Love the HD remake!
76561198024481510,Not Recommended,260210,12322188,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Borduuchiha,"For a multitude of reasons, Aveline is the kind of character I’d like to see more of in gaming, and watching her flounder through this game all over again hurt. I wanted to see her tale succeed, but Assassin’s Creed Liberation HD is just too lacking in too many areas to make it happen. There’s no one thing to point to as overtly broken; it simply dies by a thousand tiny cuts. Its craft is sloppy, its design remains shackled by ill-conceived new ideas, as well as the limitations of the platform it hails from. It’s the definitive version of a game that had very little going for it in the first place."
,Recommended,260210,25820077,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ICE,"As with all the other Assassin's Creed games I've played, I thoroughly enjoyed this one.You play as Aveline, a female assassin.  What makes Aveline really cool is that she can change her appearance.  She can be a lady, assassin or slave.  This is a very nice feature in the game.This game is fun to play and the graphics are really great.  The controls are easy to master and some of the enemies in the game are quite tough to beat - which will test your skills.On the down side:  The game is smaller than the other Assassin Creed games.Overall I had a great time playing it and Aveline is really cool."
76561198002104061,Recommended,260210,8795520,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,7318,"great installement but I found out that the story isn't well told, it's a small assassin's creed where everything is somewhat cut-down, wich is to be expected from a console to pc port game, but overall it's ok."
,Recommended,260210,8945772,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Maximo,"This game is a true Assassin's Creed title. It may appear weak because it is a PS Vita port which was released around the same time as AC IV: Black Flag, but it cannot be held to the same gameplay standards as the game. You can blend into the public with the multiple personas that Aveline utilizes during her Assassin career. This is a full AC title worth every penny."
,Recommended,260210,10088028,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,DatSlySpy,"Aveline is a lovable character, that takes you trough the time of black slaves. While she kills a lot of people. For the price of $13.39 this is a good game."
76561198116752628,Not Recommended,260210,10803087,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gognitti,"As an avid Assassin's Creed franchise player, I feel the need to write this review in order to warn other fans of the danger they face when buying this game. I have invested a lot of time and completed the main story line as well as many of the side missions. This game is just so much weaker than the other games that I constantly questioned whether it was worth my time to actually complete it, but I gave it the benefit of the doubt, and I'll say that by the end, I was happy to be done with it, and I won't be going back for 100% synchronisation.The mechanics are frustrating in terms of having to switch between personas in order to be able to accomplish certain missions or side quests, and even at that, there are limitations to when you can switch, so if you want to get those last few chests before moving on to the next place, but you are playing as the lady persona, looks like you'll have to come back later because you can't free run when you are playing as her.I read reviews before purchasing this game, and everyone was praising the graphics and the 'fluidity'... honestly, it looks like an Assassin's Creed game should look, and it's just as 'fluid' as the other games (in that they still haven't found a way to prevent you from running up every bloody wall you may accidentally run into when you turn a corner).The worst part of my experience playing this game is the fact that I have a very high quality gaming PC and that the game crashed on average 3 times every session I played. It bugs out regularly because your character can get wedged in parts of the environment that are inaccesible, and on more than one occasion, when the loading screen comes on, it decides to stay there...forever. One of the cool features is an assassinate mode, which essentially pauses the action that is going on and allows you to target enemies and then execute them in a cinematic way; unfortunately, if you happen to enter that mode while being attacked by someone, the game freezes.I've never CTRL+ALT+DEL out of a game more than this unfortunate blip in the otherwise solid franchise that is Assassin's Creed. If you MUST play all AC games, buy it and finish it asap. If you want to boost your level in AC Initiates online, buy it and finish it asap. If you are looking for a good game to play to pass the time before AC Unity comes out, play something else. Sorry Ubisoft, but you let me down with this one, big time."
,Not Recommended,260210,9165593,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,creamy memey,"From what I've played so far, the game is absolutely terrible. Voice actors for the parts were the worst you could choose. The graphics are mediocre but in some places are a bit pixalated. The story line is fairly good but sometimes it drags on."
,Not Recommended,260210,10645194,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mgf~,"If there's one thing to be said about this game, it's that Liberation is underwhelming.Sure, I didn't expect much from a port of a PS Vita game, but damn is this game flat. The story is absolute bare minimal, and the characters are all two dimmensional and it's hard to give a damn about any of them. The gameplay is alright, your basic Assassin's Creed gameplay, nothing special, but nothing bad either. Also, the game runs like absolute garbage. I am currently using a 660ti, and I'm getting ridiculous amounts of frame drops. It's usually fine, but if there's more than five people or ten buildings on screen at one time, the frame rate dips below 40. And it isn't the power of my graphics card, either. It ran Assassin's Creed 4 far, far better than it runs Liberation, and AC4 is a much more graphic intensive game.If you are a die hard Assassin's Creed fan and need to play every installment, you'll probably get some enjoyment out of this, but it's nothing special. Otherwise, I do recommend staying away. It's not a bad game, it's just underwhelming as all else and really isn't worth the time or effort to play."
,Not Recommended,260210,11618261,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KING BulKathus,"The most glitchy game I have ever played. Enemies will randomly appera behind you on stelth missions, and random objects can dectect you. You can walk across water, and swim on land. Miss a ledge and you will fall through a building infently. The whole game is BS."
,Recommended,260210,13407028,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,LanSeRocK,"Damn! This is very historic and strajic :) So graphics good as ASC:3. but Citizen E is a ridicilous.Family, Assasins and Your way. What a these 3♥♥♥♥♥♥?!Gameplay 7/10Graphics 6/10Sound 8/10Subtitles 9/10This game has a some bug...But you are fan of ASC series you like it ;)"
,Recommended,260210,8963146,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Calbars1995,"It was an ok game, not as good as other AC games, but a decent addition. A bit buggy in some places, but overall, i liked it"
,Recommended,260210,8836661,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Titan,It is a great counter-part to the series. I love the gameplay hands down it is a great game. BUTTT there is so many glitches. I have ran into about 6-10 glitches that have made me restart my game. Please fix these.
,Not Recommended,260210,11526765,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,DandelionTMV,"Just for AC addicts, this game doesn't have the depth of any past AC games, it's relatively short and the story only gets interesting near the end. Graphics are ok, but sometimes it sounds like some sound effects are missing.There's also some annoying mechanics like the different personas and being unable to fast travel properly (only 1 or 2 fast travel points on each ""continent"").I'd say get it on a sale, and only if you are dying for more AC."
76561198013167876,Recommended,260210,8859625,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,mrb2112,"A good game, but I hate how Ubisoft keeps changing the key combinations and how fighting works. It seems like they change it just to change it, not for improvement's sake.Also, this one is pretty short comparted to the others in the series. I know it's essentially an add-on, but I only got about 19 hours of play out of it, compared to 40-60 hours from the other titles in the Assassin's Creed series.All-in-all, its a good game, but not as great as its predecessors."
,Recommended,260210,8733100,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,WestWizzy,"Feels like AC2, with the combat/ free running system from AC3; now this is a awesome AC game"
76561198035826989,Not Recommended,260210,16125917,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Korkrag,"Where to begin? I had to restart my computer because ""Press Any Key"" Seems to require you to either have a key with Any written on it, or it just doesn't work properly.The controls are really awkward, Hold right click to run? What? I move my mouse a few centimeters and my character spins around completely. The voices are pretty poor, quiet and out of sync. the cutscenes are hideous.Good bits about this game? Maybe I'd find some if I played it longer, but I can't find myself getting used to the controls. I don't think it's worth it."
76561198141744339,Not Recommended,260210,29932602,Posted: 14 February,all,Feralia,"I'm really a (you can say fanatic) fan of the assassin's creed franchise...But this game is truely the crappiest thing i've ever played!i mean...bugs....story...everything looks like a brainstorming, not a real game...."
,Recommended,260210,22041837,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Astore,"Well this was somewhat refreshing.After the downer of Assassins Creed III this game is more of a movie than an open world game.You are Aveline, which is, unlike its predecessors, not a modern times character, but an assassin during american revolution.The lack of the hours of finding collectibles, the farming for a certain necessary upgrade and sidemissions are what makes it so refreshing for me. And what makes the game much shorter.On the downside I had many crashes, one time even a bluescreen, which ocurred at no other game before."
76561198059626361,Recommended,260210,16223489,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,yumri,"This is a good game despite all the negative reveiws just it has a few bugs in graphics while in cut scenes and the whip thing for swinging accross a gap towards the end is buggy didnt work for me most of the time either but the story was good and the graphics were not lacking though the dissolve in stuff in a few cut scenes did break the immesion when it happened but that only happened in a few thankfully.The gameplay reportly is the same as AC: 3 so nothing new in that though i never played another Assassin's Creed game before so idk myselfThe graphics are ok if you take its age into account but they are not up to pair with the newer games even with everything maxed out they are not though V-Sync is handy as it does allow itself to go over 60fps and then if your monitor does not support it it will tear easily from how the enviroment is always changing shades of colors when moving and you are moving basicly all the time in this game. so if you can support going over 60fps and only have a 60hz monitor i suggest either using V-sync, G-sync or freesync to not have tearing as it is very noticeable in this game when it happens.The plot was good just if not played from 1 mission to another it is easy to forget too thus not really rememberable for me at least.  I liked playing a game that actually had a female lead and made for it instead of a choice of male or female as the dialog in the plot and in the streets in the game seems better than in others thus if you are looking for that plot element to be there it is. With the plot there are 2 endings a "" false ending "" and a "" true ending "" but no matter what you do you get the same plot up to that point. The ending that you will get will come after the first thing of credits also so i suggest skipping through that one to get to the ending.Bugs / Gliches: ..... most of the bugs are in the way of annoying things with the 2 keyboard + mouse button combos maybe it is just my hard ware but it did not seem to deal well with that. You also have a few dealing with the time senstive ""constaints"" running out between 4 and 7 seconds before hand and you will be amazed at how much you can do in 4 to 7 seconds for those missions. The last one that i noticed anyways was with cut scenes dissolving in certain characters mid way through what i think is when they should have been on screen also the same with some of the land in the swamp all of it seems to happen in the swamp though no where else in the game.Personal enjoyment of the game for me now. Well it was worth the 4.99 USD that i paid for it and the HD -Bonus Pack on sell but if it is worth the standard price .... i will say no as it has no replayablity in my mind but yours might be differnet for what you like. I enjoyed it just i will not play it anymore as i already beat it and the plot isnt that game to want to play through again is all."
,Recommended,260210,24545957,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"I don't get why this game has mixed reviews and Freedom Cry has a higher average user review status because I actually think that this is the superior game. I think the main character here (Aveline) is much more memorable and has more character than the guy from Freedom Cry. For their first female lead in a AC game, I think they did a good job choosing her.It's basically the same controls, combat, and overall gameplay as AC3, 4, and FC so of course it is gonna be fun if you are a AC fan. The story is okay, not one of the better storylines, but still not bad. Aveline basically carries the whole game story-wise because it feels like she really cares about what she is doing. The parkouring is of course iffy at times like past AC games, making you jump from places you didn't want to, or miss jumps completely, or parkour up something you didn't want to, and so on. The parkouring in this game is at times agonizingly frustrating, seemingly more so than past games.The game runs perfectly smooth after some tweaking, which is no surprise because no AC game has ever ran without stuttering and slowdown without messing around with the video options because Ubisoft is still learning how to code for pc. Although they are still light years ahead of Capcom and Square, two companies that will never learn, especially Square with their constantly god awful performing pc ports.It is pretty short so catch it on sale for around $5."
,Recommended,260210,15064780,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,qwe,"Assassin’s Creed: Liberation HD is a nice game with good graphics, but doesn't have the great overall-quality and the high production value of the other Assassin’s Creed-titles. It lacks in terms of story and new gameplay-elements. If you are a fan of the series because of its gameplay and haven’t played Liberation on PS Vita, you should consider to buy the game.Rating: 7"
76561198098618920,Recommended,260210,10351529,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,LaScriptor,The best recent AC game I have played! Weird that I like this way more than AC3 and black flag...
76561198107154420,Not Recommended,260210,14991950,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Alan_Gord,"Длиннющий приставочный сплав на практически неуправляемом картонном каное--да, это именно то, чего так не хватает в игре про ассасинов."
,Not Recommended,260210,8802654,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,They Call Me El Civ,"To view the video review of this title, check it out here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kx79VwV-Zk&list=UUaVUKyqqEjfnjEV2IZd0uiA&feature=c4-overview""While Assassins Creed 3 will be remembered for being the end to the Desmond Miles story arc and for it’s controversial setting, and Black Flag will always be remembered for its piratey atmosphere and addictive naval combat, I fear Liberation will be remembered for its female protagonist, and not for a single other merit.  Although it does introduce disguises fairly well, and continues to uphold Creed’s legacy of really good combat, everything else within this title is just straight up mediocre.  Only a true die hard fan of Assassins Creed should pick this one up, otherwise, Liberation should be skipped in favor of a better, newer iteration that’s sure to come later this year."""
76561198123433153,Not Recommended,260210,19895980,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Unicorn slayer,This is really a seperate game from the others..... Do not buy if looking for a assassins creed feel to it. It is an entirly different game.....
,Recommended,260210,9059708,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,= Koutaba =,"Amazing game, this is my very first Assassin Creed game even tho she ain't Ezio or whatever his name was."
,Recommended,260210,9621267,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Magus Cimarron,"For a spin off title this was very good!  I haven't played Black Flag or Freedom Cry yet but I would rank this as my 3rf favorite game in the series after 2, Brotherhood.  Aveline is a great female lead.  there needs to be more like here in gaming and in the series.  I also appreciated the fact that they chose not to sweep the realities of slavery underneath the rug (*cough cough* Part 3 ).  While the tale is not as epic as the main line story I like the fact that it is smaller in scale.  Not every game needs to save the whole world... small peices need saving to.  Aside from annoying bugs that always seemed to involved water I enjoyed this game.  If you are a fan of the Assassin's creed series or of adventure games pick this one up! :)"
76561198135286047,Recommended,260210,10097007,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,DelialFallen,Very fun game that I first played on the PS Vita.  It looks very good in this HD version and is just as fun.  I highly recommend it to anyone curious about the franchise or to any AC fans.
,Recommended,260210,10656270,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JC,"Fantastic game, as you can expect from Assassin's CreedStoryline with a lot of humor embedded, constantly laughing while playing"
76561197974877837,Recommended,260210,10780656,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"I got to hand it to Sony; if Assassin's Creed Liberation is an example of what is possible on their newest handheld gaming device, then the PSP Vita is some very impressive technology indeed. Not that I played the game on a handheld; Liberation HD is the re-mastered version for consoles and PCs, and I used the latter for my run-through. But for a port from a handheld system, the game is surprisingly good looking.It plays well too. It has all the running, leaping and slaying of the main series down to a tee; fans of the other games of the Assassin's Creed franchise will have little difficulty jumping into Liberation. For those new to the series, the plot has fortunately been simplified a bit, with much of the (tiresome) centuries-long conflict between Templars and Assassin's glossed over, and Desmond is thankfully nowhere to be found. The only significant difference between this game and the rest is that - unlike the other titles - there is no option to buy maps pinpointing all the collectibles, requiring much tedious exploration to achieve the elusive 100% completion.Well, there is another difference; for the first time, your avatar is a female, and her gimmick is that she has three ""personas"", each with different abilities and restrictions. The one I mainly used was the assassin persona, which had the fullest range of combat and platforming abilities (albeit at a cost of being more noticeable to the guards); the other - the lady and the slave personas - were mainly used only for the specific missions that required them. So really, it wasn't that much of a difference after all.Unfortunately, that was the game's biggest problem; it fails to stand out from all the other games of the series and - having run'n'jumped assassin's through five pretty much identical games - the whole experience was getting a bit long-in-the-tooth by the time I got to Liberation. Had I come into the game fresh, I probably would have enjoyed the experience more but as it was the whole thing started to feel more like a chore than an enjoyable pastime when I finally killed the end-boss and finished the game.Is this a game worth buying? Yes, but barely so. It will be most attractive to people who have had some - but not much - familiarity with the series; it has all the highlights without seeming too similar to the previous iterations of the franchise. For those who have never played any of the Assassin Creed games before, this may not be the best place to start, and for those who have played every game - like myself - you'll find yourself bored by the lack of innovation."
76561198006485747,Recommended,260210,9051013,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Yefrign,"I'm rather impressed with this title to be honest. the gameplay is slightly different compared to the other assassins creeds the combat is far better than anything up to Revelations (havent played 3 or 4 yet) the story is far more involving in my opinion.the exploration seems a little 'cut out' compared to the other titles, I would assume it is because of the fact this was a PSP title before it came to the PC, having said that its not like the cities are really small. there is basically 3 sorts of playstyles that make up the game mechanics. the enviroments are rather varied and the graphics, well outdated compared to what you can see today. I wouldnt say its any worse than AC2I REALLY enjoy the combat in this title. the way you can chain attacks together, the enemy reactions and the varied sync kills you can achieve are very nicely put to gether. Aveline's combat style is far better than Ezio ever was, I dont know how else to describe it other than it feels far more... Viceral... not in the extent that Revelations was but more... efficient, flowing.its a nice change of pace to the other AC titles in my opinion and I am enjoying it far more than Revelations."
,Recommended,260210,9143636,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Light,"Awesome game for me thus far. If you have enjoyed any Assassin's Creed game, you'll enjoy this one, too."
,Recommended,260210,9228661,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,nebby,"A good addition to the Assassin's creed franchise, although it shouldn't be compared to the likes of black flag"
,Recommended,260210,9555533,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Magestraite,"I did have a few problems with the game. For one, the feel of the game was much more like ACIII than its newer compatriote ACIV, though this might have been intentional. In fact the style of ranged weapons worked more like the ACII system, while other combat systems and graphics looked like ACIII. The worst thing, I would say is the dialogue, the voice actors pretty much feel flat to me.Other than those few minor discrepencies, I actually like Liberation. It might be takin better as a move from revelations to ACIII, instead of a game after ACIV. I did really like the changing costumes part of gameplay and it seemed to add a little more realism, just a little, to the wanted level."
,Recommended,260210,12470822,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sniper Wolf,"Is not bad, good music and the heroine she 'e so badasss .No many of new but it's cool for spend the time :)"
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,260210,34007122,Posted: 3 August,all,panther3007,A horrible broken little game. If they insist on pumping out assassins creed games every year they will undoubtedly drop in quality.
,Recommended,260210,8721251,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Braderz_12,"As a modern day PC/console game....terrible, as a port from a PS Vita, pretty good. The graphics are alot better than what i had expected but the only issue i have with this game really is the rapidness of the story in the beginning. Bam your a child Bam your 18 and its pretty quick."
,Recommended,260210,16113176,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Toad™ ツ,a bad port of the original assissins creed liberation here is whyscreen goes black when going to buy weapons and a bit buggystill overall a good game and great combat
,Recommended,260210,33501636,Posted: 13 July,all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,"Finished game, has good ending !!! Good graphics and sounds.For an old game is pretty good / balanced.10/10 - Would play it again."
,Recommended,260210,10085968,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BejeweledSun0,"It's not AC4, but it's okay."
76561197970335973,Not Recommended,260210,8720462,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Gaz2000,"Thus far a very poor conversion indeed.  I have the Vita version and it chugs a little on it, but you'd expect that for a handheld.  You don't expect that on a modern powerful PC.  I have had many issues with performance (disabling AA did help somewhat, but this is meant to be HD so why can't I use all the graphical bells and whistles?!) and I've also had crashing issues randomally.Hopefully this can all be patched, but at 50% of the cost of a full on AAA title, this is NOT currently worth the price of admission.  Sorry Ubisoft.  I love Assassins creed, just this one needs some definiate work before I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,260210,8808741,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,JPerry5529,"This game sucks!!! It is very buggy and laggy and just crashed and deleted my save game file... I was 67%... put a lot of time in to it... Had over 200,000 money from trading a whole bunch... Just another ""Pirate Quality"" title from the king of rushing it out the door!!! Don't buy!!!"
76561197998340821,Not Recommended,260210,8789924,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,=WH= RC-1025,Yeah don't wast your money on this on. Controls are clunky and there is no real challeng plus story is really slow and has nothing to do with the AC lore
76561197974729697,Recommended,260210,12825079,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,sander538,nice! good story mode good playing game.
,Not Recommended,260210,9250798,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, As much as I want to love this game? The bugs ruin it at the worst possible moments. The Graphics are great but it runs like crap (compared to AC3 or Black Flag for example), the voice overs and the sound effects are also fantastic... music is very mediocre though...BUT THE DAMN BUGS!!! Most of the time it's not so bad, it's ok dealing with the AI most of the time... but wow, this one mission? ""The Secret of the Cenote""?? It makes me want to uninstall this game. Fighting De Ferrer and trying to get the ""Take no damage"" constraint wouldn't be so bad... IF THE AI WASN'T SO MESSED UP! Half the time I try to do it? The AI bugs out and goes into ""chase"" mode where they disengage from combat.. and all 5 of them rush to a signle point on the combat zone and then start shooting or throwing rocks at me... and if I try to fight them? One of them attacks without the option to block and I take damage. Great. Restart... Next? There's the tougher guard and De Ferrier... Both can't be killed with counter-attacks. You can disarm the one guard on counter attack and follow up with normal attacks until he dies.. but De Ferrier will attack usually half ways through it and YOU CAN'T COUNTER-ANYTHING TO HIM OR HE PUNCHES YOU AND YOU FAIL THE TAKE NO DAMAGE!!  Needless to say? after about an hour of some of the most furstrating experiences of mine in recent times since Quake 4 multiplayer online? I gave up and skipped the Full Sync.Same mission, now I'm jumping along and it shows the ""W + SPACEBAR + Right-Click"" so I do that... she jumps to her death! WTF!? The prompts right on the damn screen!!!Skip this game. If it goes on sale? Be warned... It has the formula of a good Assassin's Creed game should.. but the damn bugs. :("
76561198096082898,Recommended,260210,13992086,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,k- God,THIS IS GOOD !!!
76561198108045551,Not Recommended,260210,34106831,Posted: 8 August,all,Kyster,It crashes alot
,Recommended,260210,17261425,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,wizard master結城晶子リト,awsome game love it good story   love the new wepons and erias u can go u should get this game
76561198078801227,Not Recommended,260210,9011830,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,geowoj,"I hold Assassin's Creed near and dear to my heart, and this game just stompped on it. The grahpics are too simple, the characters suck, and oh, don't even get me started on the controls: They make me feel like I'm drunk, sometimes they even invert on me... The missions also suck, with the optional objectives never shown until you complete or fail them... I don't know why I paid $20 for this."
,Recommended,260210,8751560,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,El Dubs,"While the game certainly isn't on the level that the other PC games are on, this game does a reasonably good job for what it is, a vita port. Though there are some problems that are to be expected in a game ported from a portable console. Lip-sync issues, multiple time the character clips through the environment, and occasionally the game locks up when entering the pause menu. It's is still well worth the price and you will certainly get hours of enjoyment out of it. The game's take on a female protagonist is very good, not overly focusing on her gender (for the most part she could be a male), however not ignoring it either, she uses her feminine charm in a way only a female could.Overall, 7/10. Take from that what you will though, I'm easily impressed."
,Not Recommended,260210,28656834,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,icerouther,"As a Assassin's Creed Fan (I've played every AC game that was released on PC except the most recent one Assassin's Creed Syndicate and AC Chronicles), I have to say I think this one is definitly the worst. You can tell that it wasn't made for the PC but instead is a port of a PlayStation Vita title. The game uses the same engine as the Main title AC3 that was released at around the same time. But it is inferior in every way. Wether it's animations, graphics, the design of the city or the world in general.But the biggest complaint for me are the characters, the story telling and the story just in general.The characters are not very interesting compared to the ones in other AC games.The story telling is inferior, simular to how the Star Wars pre-quels may have had fancy early 2000s special effects, but other than explosions and lots and lots of light saber fights there wasn't much going on in terms of actual story telling.Basicly if you like Assassin's Creed Games and you are looking for a new one to play, get any other one, they are all better. Doesnt matter which one of these (AC1, AC2, AC:Brotherhood, AC:Revelations, AC3, AC4, AC:Rogue, AC:Unity).I suppose the only selling point there is, is that you get a female protagonist.But let's be real, while there are very few games with female main characters, in comparison to male main characters, if you are looking for a game with a female main character that is actually good, then look else where. For example the Tomb Raider game from 2013 or Rise of the Tomb Raider.Both of these are excellent games, unlike Assassins Creed Liberation, which is a mediocre game at best."
76561198042065432,Not Recommended,260210,9446223,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Beyond the Ace of Shovels,"Assassin's Creed being my favourite francise, I can give my honest opinion about this. They did introduce some neat new concepts and brought back some things from Assassin's Creed III.It was a visual upgrade from the PSP portable version, so graphics aren't amazing and cutscenes are a bit fast and jumpy. It had lots of AC3 aspects to it, so if you enjoyed AC3, I highly recommend this game.Otherwise, I do not recommend it, after the release of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, this (in my opinion) was a huge step back down, keeping in mind that it was originally a PSP game, so not much hate can be given.I have only one hour into Assassin's Creed Liberation, so you may not take my word for this, but I just could not get into it."
76561198035556048,Recommended,260210,8758613,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MissOma (Elektra Volt),"I am enjoying the game. Glad to have a female to play, the story so far seems simple but the graphics are lovely. There are other goals besides the story so keep looking at the maps for treasure and other side missions. My only issue at this point is the combat sequence with alligators...it's a rather complex combo of keyboard keys and if not timed right you can spend a long time trying to win the battle. I guess it will take time to learn that. However really this is a pretty fun game, not as massive as the Main AC games but for me it's a little treat."
,Recommended,260210,15026958,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Amlaith,"What makes Assassin's Creed Liberation HD so different from the other Assassin's Creed games I have played (played all of them). Is not only are you a female named Aveline, but darn, does she know how to fight. She's a beast, and It's just a joy to kill people in this game. I know, it makes me sound like a lunatic but I'm being completely honest with you, Aveline knows how to kick some male butt! So I would recommend it, the only downside I have experienced so far is that it doesnt seem completely smooth all the time, and that's not very commen for me. Even Unity runs smoothly when I game it, but I would probably rate it somewhere around 8/10."
,Not Recommended,260210,9120945,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dogs Of War,"Plays absolutely awefully on PC, I had forgotten just how bad AC could be, the later games play ok, but this is a shocker. The story line is completely lost to jerky mouse movements and laggy fighting."
76561198071393090,Not Recommended,260210,11921241,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Onion Kung,"This is a disgrace to the AC series, I mean... dafuq is this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,260210,10908917,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kittens,"♥♥♥♥♥game, requires uplay.Played for an hour got stuck due to a major bugLady costume you cannot climb, yet you can still enter water.Because you cannot climb it is impossible to get out of the water."
,Not Recommended,260210,21146294,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Drakeskullnl,"Short game and way more simplified. And yet, because of the Chichen Itza parts (however brief they were), better than 3. But that doesnt count for a whole lot. Thre rest is still a bit MEH"
76561198082406466,Recommended,260210,9567115,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Spongeboob Squarepants,A great game that is a great edition to the assassins creed series. its a must have game
76561198050680737,Recommended,260210,9885961,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Netflix N Nandos,MUST play to know what happens next in the assassins creed series(includes connor)
76561197971582031,Not Recommended,260210,19400379,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BitingSarcasm,"Okay, it has a lot of the elements that make AC a lot of fun.  But they skimped on the story, so that leaves gameplay as the sole draw.  AND IT DOESN'T FEEL LIKE THEY FINISHED IT.  I just spent 5 minutes trying to QT kill an alligator, which needed 5 correct button presses.  After the first 2, some were insta-fails no matter how quick I pressed.  Obviously the keyboard-mouse doesn't get the same love in a console port.  Also, despite far exceeding every requirement, anti-aliasing comletely crashes my framerate.  There is so much good about this game, but QA wasn't the top priority. One of your ""personas"" cannot parkour, yet she is capable of falling into the water but not able to climb out---must be lead weights in her dress.  At one point I was mugged while dressed as the ""Lady,"" and as I was blocking the town guard comes running up and starts bayonneting ME, leading to an enormous WTF moment.  And finally, in a game that really revolves finding all the little guffins and bawbles, there is no Quick Travel within the maps.  Add in that each of the 3 personas highlight a different set of doodads, and it means you will be running.  A lot.  I officially give up on 100% synch.  I will finish the game, but they could have had a home run here instead of a limp first base hit."
,Not Recommended,260210,21913845,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,McNugget Cowboy (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Sadly a game lower on AC spectrum. I wouldn't recomend. Poorly ported, boring, and just unfun. And this is all coming from an AC lover."
,Not Recommended,260210,8865630,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Cerieously,"So I just finished AC: Liberation HD......overall I enjoyed the game, but it definitely has some big issues. Aveline as a character I really enjoyed. Her tale for the most part was interesting but there in also lies the biggest issue to me...which was that the game's story.It was presented in a manner that I could only describe as muddled and awkward even though Ubisoft claimed to have made changes to fix the flow of the game and go into more detail on the plot/missions. Things started to smooth out towards the end but by that time it felt a little to late as the ""Villain"" and Aveline shared words explaining how everything played out or contradicted the reality of things.Not to mention how ""Mister E"" the ""outside hacker"" would sometimes show up to hack and show me how events really played out. This occurred either by the flow of the story or the most common way of finding him (really just running into his unlisted hotspot....unfortunately). When it came to finding him they placed him showing these several sequences or missions later. Each ""revision"" would be about a prior mission or sequences while I'm in the middle of a mission quickly diverting my focus. I liked these as it kinda gave me that AC 1 feel after assassinating a target (when you had to hit the button at the right time when the Animus Glitches so you could see what the target really had to say), but they just occurred at awkward times.Apart from that the ""Guise"" system was pretty interesting concept. Taking on different personas each having different approaches to scenarios to take down enemies was a great feeling. As the game went on I began to realize it never really escaped it's concept stages due to the game's original scope on the VITA. So much more could have been done to flesh out the system in more interesting ways.The combat was the same overall in almost every AC game. Save for addition of a new way to use combo kills.There were other issues as well that I will get into another time when more people play it so I don't accidentally spoil anything. All in all I liked the game for what it is, but feel disappointed that the amount of work put into this HD rendition just didn't hit the sweet spot for me. If you like the AC series, then certainly give this game a go and delve into the world as Aveline. If not stay way. Not missing out on too much here."
,Not Recommended,260210,8803261,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Krudtugle,"Quite a few bugs here and there; entering local supply won't allow you to exit the menu of it and leave with only the cursor and background with no buttons -- Solution exit game through the task bar. In a mission where you have to do a lot jumping and such you would fell off the edge instead making the usual look down at the very edge instead of falling down.To the story! I didn't really get in to the story as when I played the regular parts or the Assassins Creed. I think I missed some sort introduction -- anyhow, the DLC in my opinion isn't worth 19,99 due to the bugs (it's quite frusttrating.)"
76561197968979263,Not Recommended,260210,8811051,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Pleonasmus,"I'm normally a great Fan and played all of the Assasins Creed Titles so far.I really enjoy to play a female Assassin and the mississippi Setting is actually a nice change, but everywhere i look i see lots and lots of unused potential. The Sound assests and the Voices are in comparison to the AC Standard really dull. The Story fells like one cutscene after another. The Fighting System is the same thing as in every other AC and theres never this feel of danger or the need to go ""stealth"" because i could take 50 dudes head on without any major problem. The Characters dont really have the depht and the parkour system glitches on every tree.Its really kinda sad, because the Setting could have been really unique and great...."
,Recommended,260210,8825227,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,fraterormus,"If you can somehow ignore the bad frame rates, out of sync audio, and countless dozens of glitches, it is a fun game. The graphics are about on par with Assassin's Creed III, but not up to Assassin's Creed IV standards. There are some unique changes to gameplay, such as Personas, that make it a unique experience. The setting, acting, and story are all top-notch, although the ending has the same cop-out feel that Assassin's Creed III left you with. Although the graphics were updated in this HD port from the Vita, the very same annoying bugs persist from the original version. Just as Ubisoft never saw fit to fix the game on the Vita, apparently they didn't see much point in fixing it for the HD version either.  If you are an Assassin's Creed fan and can tolerate glitches and are able to be flexibile enough to go with missions that never work quite as intended due to a bad port on top of sloppy programming, then it is worth the price of admission...if, however, you don't think you have the stomach for mild to moderate frustration, then do yourself a favor and skip this game."
76561198086485711,Recommended,260210,8837306,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,pig411,god game
,Not Recommended,260210,8861631,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Biron5k,"If you like buggy movement, a bland story, and joyless gameplay, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,260210,8864356,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,0x80,"No one likes to pay more than the price of an espresso for a game they wind up being unable to play after hours of troubleshooting. Be aware, even if you have a relatively recent, relatively decent system like mine, you are not garuanteed to be able to play this game right out of the box.If you notice in the title at the top of this post, it lists my time played on this game as 1hour... that's one hour of sitting in a completely lagged-to-a-halt loading screen and nearly frozen main menu.I would love to offer a reveiw of the gameplay, story, characterization -- all the actual game content. However, my Asus RoG G55VW-DH71, with its i7-3630QM Quad-Core, 8gb DDR3, GeForce GTX 660M, Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit on a 7200rpm Hard Drive, is apparently -- and mysteriously -- insufficient to run this particular installment of Assassin's Creed. The game has such a poor framerate on my system that it's effectively unplayable, while I can fire up AC4 or ACB and crank the settings a bit higher than default, THIS game chokes so hard I can barely escape the main menu. Actual gameplay is impossible, and having devoted the better part of a Sunday, I have little desire to throw away more time trying to figure out why this is the only game on my system that won't work.Despite being able to run every other AC game on higher than ""normal"" settings (and most other recently released games) without impact on performance, somehow, this game can't manage to run better than 3fps on the lowest settings -- and this they call their ""completely new experience""? So far, this selling point is starting to sound more like famous last words.If this happened with any of my other currently installed games, I'd be more likely to figure out what is wrong with my hardware or drivers/software. My system runs all my other games just fine. I get that this is ""HD"", and is supposed to be all suped-up graphics intensive awesomeness -- but the recommended specs are below the specs on my system -- so what gives?From the opening logo screens and menu, the framerate is so abysmal that it takes no less than 2 minutes simply to select ""exit game"" from the menu options. Having spent a day searching various nvidia, microsoft, ubisoft, and steam forums for hints and clues as to what might be making this game behave so poorly, I have decided it's not worth the effort. I've never asked steam for a refund under such circumstances, but after reinsstalling multiple drivers, and even reinstalling Steam after running out of all other ideas, I've decided that I bought a lemon of a game, and it's not worth my precious little free time to go through this much trouble just to experience a title that might not turn out to be worth the headache.Hopefully they release a patch sometime in the future to remedy these issues. Its not worth my time or frustration to haggle with Steam's billing reps over an unlikely refund for the $20 I paid, on top of the day I wasted. I'll accept the loss and chalk it up to getting burned, but I no longer think of Ubisoft or Steam with the same kind of trust. This is a big name title, and shouldn't ship in such poor shape to the user.Such fail, very disappoint. 0/10."
76561198061814167,Recommended,260210,8874029,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DarkestNG,what i really like in this game is that combat is really easy
,Recommended,260210,8949132,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Yami,It's an awesome game ! :D
,Recommended,260210,8965193,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Scott,"In a nutshell: Assassin's Creed Lite. Gameplay is decent, and what you would be accustomed to if you played AC3 since it uses the same engine. Graphics are passable for a handheld conversion, though there are occasional glitches to be found. The biggest single weakness of this entry in the series would be the story. It moves quickly, with very little character development. This is either due to lazy writing, the constraints of it being handheld in origin, or both. If you're a fan of the series, I recommend it. If you're a fan of strong female characters, I recommend it. If you haven't played an Assassin's Creed before, start elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,260210,8973503,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Edgy Anime Killer,I expected more from this game.But it is very similar to older assasin's creed titlesVery linear gameplay and limited side activitiesStory jumping some few years almost every chapterDull and boringRegretted buying thisDont waste your money on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old boring gameBad
76561197971885160,Recommended,260210,29107516,Posted: 7 January,all,chewy119,"If you are a big Assassin's Creed fan (AC) you should play this (wait until it's on sale).  If not, you should probably skip it.  The fact that this is a port from a portable game is evident.  The...production value is not as high as it is in other AC games.  The voice acting and cutscenes are not great.  The framerate also seems to be deliverately capped in some areas as 30 FPS and many of the missions are less than inspired.  After the first hour, however, I thought the game really takes off.I found Aveline to be the most likeable AC protagonist outside of Ezio (haven't played Unity or Syndicate).  It's also nice to see a great, awesome female protagonist that isn't a sex object.This game is much shorter than other AC games, which might actually be a good thing."
,Not Recommended,260210,10090070,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Cup,Good game if you don't have a great computer. Storyline is decent and graphics are ok. Wouldn't recommed if you are expecting a full assassins creed game. More like a little chunk of one
76561198051500348,Not Recommended,260210,17851479,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,⚔Gared⚔,"ok it my be a good game but i dont even know but one thing i will say is DO NOT MESS WITH THE RESOLUTION SETTINGS!!! i wanted my resolution to be my whole screen so i clicked on some of the resolution and checked them out then i got the ""input not support"" thing... so yea... i can no longer play the game and i was only on the bit where you chase the chickenat the start... i tried everything from re-installing it to validating files and checking the actual assassins creed liberation file and also loocking on google for help but no this is un fixable. i hope that one day they will make a patch or sumthin but yea i just wasted what? 15 pounds on this game to have it ♥♥♥♥ up and be un-playable so yea... thumbs down..."
76561198154692586,Not Recommended,260210,14843086,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,sebastiansanto,"Y'now i was so excited for this game. i Thought, what a great story, and the game looks good. The reviews weren't so great, but i am a die hard AC fan so i thought id buy it anyway. WRONG!!!!!!!! this game is absolute crap. It looks bad, it runs bad, and the stroy and just everything about it sucks donkey balls. I wish i had spent five dollars for it when it was on sale, but i missed the deadline so i wasted 20 smackaroos on this garbage. Im still a huge fan, but next time ill actually listen to the reviews. If your looking for a good AC game go look at 2, Brotherhood, Black Flag, or maybe even Rogue, but dont even think about buying this garbage"
76561198100806425,Not Recommended,260210,14877452,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SuperDaveXXI,"It's not that I don't like the game, it's just Uplay. I bought this game, I put in the activation code into Uplay, I played the game for about half an hour and really enjoyed it. I went to bed. The next day I try to play it again, but asks for the activation code again, I thought, ""how strange, oh well, I will just put it in again"" ... nope, ain't gonna happen. The code said that it was already used, try a different code... This makes me mad. I HATE UPLAY!"
76561198061893685,Recommended,260210,14941858,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,PawPaw,"Good graphic, nice quest and good BGM . But lack of things to do, should put more because its good side quest everytimes i do it. Hope next game have more quest and more option. Myabe should try consider put choice option like kill or not. Anyway overall its good 8/10. Thank you"
76561198102886424,Recommended,260210,9039361,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kodak Black,THIS GAME IS AMEHZING
76561198170158517,Not Recommended,260210,23739339,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,the_great_spaghetti,"I really wanted to enjoy the game, I really did! But the lag made it impossible to move Aveline or my camera!"
76561198022647103,Not Recommended,260210,17047201,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Kevin Desslock,"This is apparently a ""DLC Add On"" NOT A STANDALONE game. This has been one of the biggest purchase mistakes when it comes to video gaming, and Uplay has lost a large amount of credibility with me.My recommendation: Don't buy this game."
76561198080970584,Not Recommended,260210,17787465,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Name [Trading],Waste of money...
,Not Recommended,260210,28891566,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ad victoriam,This is honestly the worst Assassins Creed game I have ever played. The story has much to long for and it is drawn out with terrible plot lines and boring missions
76561198006793887,Recommended,260210,20268002,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Johnathan Static,"Assassins Creed: LiberationLiberation is a very well thought out game, with a rivoting storyline (Plot twists included) that keeps you wanting more, as well as a lead character ""Aveline"" that is everything you could want in a heroine (and her character model is gorgeous ta boot).  Even though this game is brought to us via a PlayStation Vita port it is a smooth playing game with beautiful graphics (Thumbs up RECOMMENDED!!)This game is GREAT, but its is a game that is maybe done a little bit TOO well in some areas which is why it is getting some poor reviews I think... Let me explain.In my honest opinion I think this game reaches out to the female audience a lil' more than any other Assassin's Creed title has ever done before.  As men we don't really care about changing clothes to suit the situation, or to achieve a desired outcome, or effect, we pretty much do whatever we need to do in whatever we have on at the time whether it be church or getting our oil changed.  So the costume changing system is lost on alot of the younger guys, but if you were to ask a woman about that game concept you would get a whole different answer and that concept of game play would be imperative and VERY necessesary to her.As men we muscle our way through most situations with brute force, and mayhem in games and in life... but women tend to strategize more, and use image and looks to make up for not being able to run rough-shod through a situation... If you approach the game from that angle of thought everything ""Assassin’s Creed® Liberation HD"" was designed to be makes perfect sense.I had not one single issue with the game, Im a fan and as I said before I highly recommend it, just take it at face value.-MoonKnight-"
,Recommended,260210,13299158,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Abortion,where do i get my uplay activation code from?
76561198039756104,Not Recommended,260210,9337296,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,CplStump,"I was able to download and install the game without any issues. However, It is unplayable from a performance perspective. The game video and audio begin to chop from launch. I have tried almost every solution on the Ubisoft forum(I have found no official advice from Ubi at all) and have had no success. I am able to run AC: Black Flag on the highest settings without issue so I am hard pressed to believe it is a hardware issue. I would not recommend anyone spend money on this game. I wish it worked as I really looked forward to playing it."
76561198060642837,Not Recommended,260210,9263299,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,redalert6,Worst game Ever  never again will i buy an assasins creed game  takes forever to do anything in the game.  game play is almost scripted  not a free world like original game.  horrible played it for 3 hours and then deleted it.
76561198018184804,Not Recommended,260210,9708644,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,bob the builder,"runs well, looks nice, but it would be a little better if the story were longer i finished it in 2hrs :("
,Recommended,260210,16852457,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"After such a dissappointment with AC 3 I was amazed at how good this game was compared to the others. there are some interesting mechanics and the whole changing cloths is a interesting way to gain different abilities. It's a lot of fun for any fan of Assassin's creed.The characters are very interesting and i love Aveline, but there was no roundup of what happened at the end if she got married, if they both continued to fight the prejudice together and what finally became of her and her mother."
,Recommended,260210,13142119,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,coolRONz,"typical ubisoft console port, as a casual gamer, i really liked it. its not deep, has the odd graphics anomoly and glitch, but lets face it, its a handheld game console port. with everything turned up, its beautiful, yet puts the hurt on my 4930k, SLI 970s, 80% usage(2560x1440). altho its locked at 60fps, even with vsync turned on theres a bit of tearing. controls are a bit clunky, but its not a fast paced game anyways. Uplay is tied into it, isnt a good or bad thing since i already have Uplay, but i really prefer DRM on STEAM to be STEAM only. bought it for $3, which is an awesome price in my books!"
,Recommended,260210,18361928,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Hlelia,"Based on the same gameplay mechanics as AC3, this game achieves more good than it predecessor. Even though it is a ported game.Disguises are really what makes the game more stylish, diverse and stealthy. Having played Hitman for the first time just recently, I realised how much a disguise can mean. And here, to be able to change is what the game really needs. Each disguise has different tailor variant, different weapons (sometimes not ownable by other personas), different blending, different notoriety. It’s a pity that by now this was only implemented in this game.Fixed convoys and trade system. Now it calls for investments and regular check ups.Underwater missions are really good and if you play the games chronologically, this will come before marvelous diving missions from AC4BF (technically, here they tested it out, the same they did woth Aquila in AC3).Of course, since the game was small, the city is smaller, the ‘Frontier’ (here – Bayou) is smaller, the gameplay time is less, but it good since you don’t grow tired of it.One of the most correct games in all the franchise, totally recommend it."
76561198132755746,Recommended,260210,16196981,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Noobzilla,This is a good game. I don't see why there is so much hate into it. The only problem is that it looks rushed. Other than that great game
,Not Recommended,260210,16019863,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mamkoebator228,- Super realistic graphics- High developer's support quality- Individual opportunities for each player- The best multiplayer gameplayUnfortunately only first letters are truth..10 out of 10 wasted $14.99
,Not Recommended,260210,30123380,Posted: 23 February,all,The Whistles Go,This game is a lot like Black Flag but is much clunker feeling. It is like the game devs rushed it and could not finish smoothing out the animations and controls.Pros: can keep coming back and know what’s happening and has nice graphics.Cons: the voice acting is not very good and the controls are awkward.maybe it’s just me but this game is uncomfortable to play.
,Recommended,260210,21368681,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Monkerlotus,"comb ear a meanetteutt did u seh?elp me, ahm oveh ear!wutt/10"
76561198120368152,Recommended,260210,33564780,Posted: 15 July,all,angrist,It's a great game and I wish it could be longer. The setting in New Orleans/the Bayou is interesting and picks up from AC III (though the mission where you can meet Connor is a bit awkward but no game is without flaws). Aveline is an interesting character and the gameplay mechanics that are unique to her are well done.
,Recommended,260210,33505151,Posted: 13 July,all,"Adhita Dea Kharisma, S.E.","Spin-off version, still cool altough"
,Recommended,260210,21414463,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bea02wil,7/10
76561198106284546,Not Recommended,260210,21486798,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,zuckermancho,"Liberation is probably one of the worst games in the franchise next to Unity. The visuals are attrocious, the characters boring, the story uninteresting, and very over priced for what it is: AC3 DLC. The only redeeming factor of this game is the interesting setting but other than that, the game is awful. Do not waste your money on this game."
76561198064527406,Recommended,260210,21368120,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TeeLight,"I had some fun with this one. It doesn't look very good, and the gameplay felt really awkward more often than not. The plot was cool though and worth the run. If it's cheap try it out."
,Not Recommended,260210,21498188,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Godfrey,"Do your self a favor, just go watch the combined video on youtube. The lack of connection to the overarching story line is what hurts it the most."
,Not Recommended,260210,21262833,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Serrrich,"Not really imersive story, but adds some innovations to the series,  could be a good short game experience if there wasn´t this annoying bug that crashes the game, and ubishit does nothing to fix it."
76561198118619595,Not Recommended,260210,21267858,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,NowLee 黃金豬排飯,"please help,i bought this on steam but then it demanded an activation code on uplay which I could not find anywhere"
76561198037108662,Not Recommended,260210,21312860,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,13,the most fun i had in this game was laphing at the terable voice acting and diologe. and finding out that you are plaing as a terable person that doent know they are a terable person (how you expand your busness empier is by murduring people who have not comited any crimes)
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,260210,21996774,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"It is like Assassin Creed game was made by amateurs with low budget. It has the same mechanics but with worse graphics and everything seems more simplistic. Of course it is conversion from PS Vita, but they remade it for PC so it should be valuated as PC game. New Orleans in this period is not particularly attractive sight. I must say that new gimmick of changing clothes which change your playstyle is nice little add-on, but the whole game still feel not polished. Assassin Creed fans will play it anyway."
76561198067219614,Not Recommended,260210,20676442,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,yoavmanoim70,that game is♥♥♥♥♥♥he's ruine avry thing he cen in assassins creed
,Recommended,260210,29074861,Posted: 6 January,all,✠ The Italian Spaniard ⚜,"In all honesty, this game doesn't deserve its somewhat bad ratings. It's a good game, and I got plenty of fun out of it. It was much better optimized than ACIII, and I liked the female assassin. In that aspect, the view was a lot nicer, hehehe. The only parts of the game I really didn't care for was the 1/3 of the game where you're swimming in bogue water, and the lacking ""Brotherhood"" (a similar problem to ACIII. I miss the days of Ezio leading a team of assassins, but at least AC4 eventually made up for it with the ability to command an armada of ships flying the Assassin Black Flag). Otherwise, the story was good, the setting seemed authentic, and yeh.The Connor crossover was cool too, even if he isn't my favorite assassin -- as I've said before, I would've rather kept playing as Haythem in ACIII, but I guess it was a good underdog story.Also, the whip was a pretty cool new weapon, and really fit the whole antislavery dealio.In summary, it was a good game, worth the $6. Would I spend $20 on it? Probably not. But nonetheless, it's a much welcomed addition to the AC franchise, in my eyes."
,Recommended,260210,18128296,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Damien Ramirez,"Great Game, Much simpler Gameplay than the other Releases, which is a good thing in my opinion, can play this one at your own pace."
76561198029674280,Recommended,260210,11457463,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ErikG96,"Title:""Assassin's Creed: Liberation""Developer(s)/producer(s):Ubisoft Sofia/Ubisoft MilanUbisoftWriter(s):Richard FarreseJill MurrayGenre(s):Action-adventure, StealthMode(s):Single-playerGeneral info:Assassin's Creed III: Liberation is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game, initially released as an exclusive title for PlayStation Vita.It is an independent installment in the Assassin's Creed-franchise and primarily features the series' first female protagonist, Aveline de Grandpré.Gameplay:The game uses the same engine that runs ""Assassin's Creed III"", allowing for basically the same gameplay experience. The player also has a new set of animations - exclussively introduced for the protagonist Aveline- as well as have the ability to dual-wield weapons, such as the new blowpipe as well as the familiar swords, knives, pistols and hidden blade.Like it's predecessors, the game set in an open world in which the player uses a combination of stealth, parkour, and combat to complete various missions.Like in Assassin's Creed III, freerunning been simplified to allow for more fluid parkour in the cities and wilderness, such as climbing and running on trees, cliffs, houses etc.Players no longer need to manage the lock-on mechanic from previous games.Human shields can be used against firing lines of enemies. Medicine is no longer used as health recovers automatically. Stealth is also revamped, allowing players to use natural elements such as tall grass and trees to hide, along with the ability to blend between any two people.Since the game is a port from a Vita-game, it lacks a few of the qualities that for example games originally released for PC has.Story:Unlike most of the Assassin's Creed-franchise, this game does not feature the normal present day protagonist Desmond Miles, but focuses on Aveline de Grandpré, an Assassin of French and African heritage, who lived during the 18th century.Born in 1747, to a wealthy French merchant and an African slave, Aveline de Grandpré is raised in a comfortable and privileged environment. At the age of 12 she is rescued from slavers who tries to kidnap her, by an Assassin called Agaté.Agaté recruits Aveline into the Assassin Brotherhood and thus becomes her Mentor.Liberation is set six years after this event, near the end of the French and Indian War, where France's defeat causes the city of New Orleans to be taken over by the Spanish government.The citizens are upset over the transition from French to Spanish control and Spain's new occupation within the city. However, in 1765, the French governor Jean-Jacques Blaise d'Abbadie makes a negotiation with Templar Rafael Joaquín de Ferrer to stay as governor of New Orleans.This plot is uncovered by the young Assassin Aveline, who infiltrates the governor's mansion and assassinates him.She also discovers their deal to ensure d'Abaddie remains as governor, provided he smoothes the hand-over of the colony to the Templars and supply de Ferrer with workers for a secret Templar operation.Together with her loyal and trusted friend Gérald Blanc, Aveline delves into a sinister Templar conspiracy and discovers a statespanning slave trafficking operation...My opinions:Assassin's Creed: Liberation fulfilled most of my expectations. When I bought the game, I suspected it to be a bit buggy or unstable since it was ported from the Vita, but it functioned surprisingly well.The graphics are basically what you can expect from a ""HD-version"" of a game previously solely released for consoles; they look good, but not AS good as other games in the series.The world in the game is rather small, which I had also expected, but took a fair amount of time to explore in order to get all collectibles. Don't expect any major animation wonders, though - it's ok, but not fantastic.As for the story, I am a little disappointed. Not that the HD-version of an already released game could have another story, but I felt it to be both uninteresting and rather boring. It mostly felt like the ""go-here-kill-him-go-back""-kind of story. A lot of running and killing without much variation in terms of objectives.The characters were, likewise, quite uninteresting and the only character I actually cared for at all was the protagonist herself.Voice-acting is clearly not the strongest side of this game, but it was not all bad either.Finally, one thing that surprised me in a positive way: the combat. The fighting mechanics in the game - as mentioned above driven by the same engine as the one in Assassin's Creed III - were a lot better than I had expected. The combat flow, counter-attacks and parrying looked better than I had expected.Although it has some flaws, I decided to put a thumbs up on this game.It isn't the best game in the series, but it is a surprisingly good port.I mainly recommend it to fans of the Assassin's Creed-franchise, but it is also unusually playable for people not yet introduced to the series.If I were you, I would do like I did; buy this game on a sale.It is not a bad game, but it deserves a discount to be worth buying."
,Recommended,260210,30260455,Posted: 1 March,all,Blackbirdrw™,I love assassins creed but this is not one of their best games.. But i had fun playing it on console and pc :)
76561198063806486,Not Recommended,260210,35342765,Posted: 30 September,all,charlesdew,I bought this game one sale and it's really bad even compared to the recent entries in the franchise.There is no real plot the names templar and assassin were each dropped twice during the five sequences I've played.There are a lot of  unpatched bugs and the gameplay is really bad.
,Recommended,260210,35492928,Posted: 5 October,all,MightyMike,"I really liked this game cause it doesn't rely to any other stories of other games. The story in this game was oke only really, really short. 20€ maybe a little to expensive"
,Not Recommended,260210,16679601,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,☠ DARK910 ☠,هذا الأصدار بايخ مرة
,Recommended,260210,8749668,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,My Prays Have Been Answered,"Just the way i like acs.I woulda say it's a combination between brotherhood and ac 2 and you gotta play as a girl, am lovin it so far.No glitches, no errors, 8.5/10!"
,Recommended,260210,8768025,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pakundo,"All things considered, this port could've been ALOT worse.I didn't expect this game to blow me away, it IS, after all, originally a PS Vita game, but I have to say that I can appreciate the work that's been done to bring this game nearly up to par with AC3, and overall, for a game that's 1/3 the price of an AC game, this game is still pretty decent.This isn't the kind of AC game that is meant to impress, or win you over back to the series, but this is definitely worth playing if you're a fan of the AC series and don't have a PS Vita - this is the definitive version of the game, and I found myself enjoying it from time to time, so there's that.I don't recommend this game, however, if you're not into the AC series.This game should by no means be experienced and considered as a stand-alone.Only play this game if you care for the franchise."
76561198026212588,Recommended,260210,8742047,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Zalzalec,So glad that i decided to play this. New favorite company: Ubisoft ;)
,Recommended,260210,8735894,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Jar Jar Sinks,I just got this game when it came out and im only past sequence 1 and this game feels like AC3 which i really enjoyed and its very addicting and im happy i got this game i would recommend it to any Assassin's Creed fan.
,Recommended,260210,8779611,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Sud0,"Good game.  You can definitley tell by some of the visual aspects that it was adapted from a smaller screen to this version, but after a few sequences in it seems like they did well.  The $20 made me nervous since I didn't think it would be anything like a full release, but more along the lines of a DLC, but it seems pretty good.  Just waiting for ACV now."
,Recommended,260210,8787879,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Willow,"This has to be my favorite Assassin's Creed game so far. Aveline is the most interesting and likable protagonist in the series so far. There aren't many strong female protagonists in video games but Aveline stand amongst the best including the new Lara Croft( Tomb Raider 2013), Heather Mason( Silent Hill 3) and Ellie( The Last of Us).The three persona system works well and improves as the game goes on. The parasol dart gun is a really nice touch; nothing quite as satisfying as dressing as a lady and assassinate your targets with your cute little umbrella( giving that Hitman vibe to it) There's also quite a number of puzzles and mini games littered throughout the main storyline and side quests. They range from fairly challenging to downright annoying( I'm looking at you, fragile canoe with health bar!) The updated textures looks really amazing up-close and the color feels richer than the Vita version making New Orleans look beautiful and lively. On the negative side, the water animation is so flat that it breaks the immersion a little. More sound effects could have been great during cutscenes. Controls are quite fluid and on par with the recent Black Flag.At this time of writing the review, my pre-order bonus is having some issues( happens to quite a number of people especially those who bought from Steam) and not showing up even after registering them in Uplay so i don't recommend anyone getting the Voodoo Pack DLC until the issue is fixed. The vanilla game itself will provide many hours of entertainment for fans of the series and newcomers alike. For the low price it's offering now, you're getting a fairly large game with many hours of content. One could almost forget this is a Vita port. Highly recommended! 8.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,260210,13162199,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Big Bad Baz,simple game with its own quirks of not responding to commands. Climbing a tree can be a frustrating exercise. I'm sure i'll give it a go another time but not today
76561197971048418,Not Recommended,260210,8783643,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Relatively Normal,"It is a bit clunky, and after playing Black Flag I can see how far they have come with what they have kept and discarded from ACIII. I can see what they tried to do with the 3 personas, varying up the game play but some of the choices didn't sit well with me e.g. can only blend in a crowd as a slave, if you so much as climb on a box accidently while running as a slave = reputation hit and the worst so far has been that if you are getting mugged as a lady, the guards attack YOU if they spy the combat. No ability to move bodies takes some changes to tactics. And not being able to just shoot the damn crocodile is a bit silly.THAT SAID, the story is enjoyable and devoid of Desmond and co (which may be a pro or con, depending on how you like the meta plot) yet is still engaging. I would suggest getting it on sale for sure.EDIT: A random crash (one of the many that happen with this game) has caused my save file to become damaged and apparently unrecoverable. So that is 20 hours wasted. As you can't choose to make hard saves, I only have the ONE save file, now trashed"
76561198059639875,Recommended,260210,25787397,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Itamar,this game is boring
76561197990864389,Not Recommended,260210,9141089,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mister_Gone,"A truly awful addition to the franchise, an obvious half arsed cash in. Small maps, shallow characters with little or no development, and simple minded missions that may as well have been on rails."
,Not Recommended,260210,10089537,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ridleysamus,"As an Assassins Creed fan that hated Assassins Creed III, I hate this game even more. The reason why I bought this game anyway was because I saw potential in the lead female protagonist. What I found was a boring story, boring unchanged gameplay, and boring characters. Yes, I know that this is a Vita port but I still expected the writing to be at least acceptably adequate. What we get as a result is a boring game with very little content. This was a total waste of money for me."
,Not Recommended,260210,8928868,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,soonerspoon,"I wanted to love this game. I wanted this game to be great. For the price it is a complete rip off. No way this should have been a $19.99 PC game. Also the Vodoo pack (HD pack) DLC does not work with Steam accounts right now, so that is also another wasted $1.99. You can tell it is a game not designed for a PC. The controls, even with a gamepad, or an xbox controller in my case, were bad. There is not enough content to justify the price it has. You can finish the game in under  a few hours and that is well above the normal sync level. It, in my opinon, is the worst installment of the AC series. The character is there, the plot is there, but the game aimed and missed the target completly. I will drag myself through it to get 100% sync like I have in all the other Assassin's Creed games, only to complete it and never look at it again."
76561198155333356,Not Recommended,260210,14805446,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,pugs on drugzzz,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BUY IT
76561198065264706,Recommended,260210,9011720,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,SirBeastling,"This game was amazing, as all the games in the series, it blew my mind."
76561197997473372,Not Recommended,260210,16310878,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,sologecko,"Even if you buy it on Steam, so it's already drowning in DRM, it immediately installs Uplay. I am unwilling to make a Uplay account, so will never be able to play this game. The fact that you need to install additional DRM and sign up for an account shouldn't just be mentioned if you dig for it, it should start every trailer and every paragraph of its description."
76561198057418289,Not Recommended,260210,9238754,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,floris,15 fps? how about no.
76561198052011759,Not Recommended,260210,9145968,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TechiesMid,Is a terrible game not even worth the 20 € I paid for it. The level design is dull and not even 5 min long. The graphics are fine if highest is selected. And not much is really told storywise. The game is loading 75 % of the time and I m basically just watching a few cutscenes and a few loading screens.I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT AND DEFINATELY DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198116106491,Not Recommended,260210,26207571,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Blitz,"If you are an Assassins Creed series fan -Just play it and get over it otherwise you can skip thisPros - Female Protagonist, Some Nice Combo Moves, Decent PlotCons - Graphics are just hyped up version of PS Vita, No Gorgeous Scenery unlike previous ACreed game, Controls as usual."
76561198108996181,Recommended,260210,22848111,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Inarachi01,"My game keeps crashing, i get into the tutorial to take out the slave traders and i can get past two but then the others don't attack. I have everything on my PC up to date and good enough drives. The screen goes grey and lets me run around, is there anything i can do about this?"
,Recommended,260210,9273683,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CRAZY.KingM,a good game
76561198022303537,Recommended,260210,10043312,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,sansajn,prvy diel zo zenou ako hlavno hrdinkou (dufam ze nikomu nebudem musiet dat :)) ...
,Recommended,260210,8720960,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,KruellaDevine,"So nice to be able to play an Assassin's game on PC -- and I have no problems at all. Maxed all settings (actually, my NVIDIA does that) and haven't had so much as a stutter, mych less a crash in 4 hours."
76561198006562154,Recommended,260210,12575400,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,space,The lady has really nice boobs.
76561197984069091,Not Recommended,260210,34430331,Posted: 22 August,all,jt1,do not buy this game it does not work with DirectX 11.1 crap and sniper elite 3 and call of duty black ops 3 and Assassin's Creed Freedom Cry is not working as of now they keep saying get the patch but we with stream do not get any of the patchs for these games so if they can not fix them we the people lose our money and crap
76561198056280252,Recommended,260210,8726062,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CryloRen,it's good not as good as the other AC's though it sort of looks like AC3 but feels like AC2
,Recommended,260210,8726926,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Lukar,"All in all, it's a fun Assassin's Creed game. Aside from the cutscenes and soundwork, it's difficult to tell that this was originally a handheld game; the gameplay is nearly identical to Assassin's Creed III and IV, though the mission structure seems like it was instead pulled from the Assassin's Creed II trilogy. The story is okay, though it would be much, much better if it weren't so fragmented, as it feels like there are a lot of cutscenes missing in-between memory sequences. If you enjoyed previous games in the series, then you'll most likely enjoy this one."
,Recommended,260210,8722425,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,IronGate,this game is amazing i love it :D
,Recommended,260210,8724008,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TestyUnicorn,it so fun
,Not Recommended,260210,12367802,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Pλoenix,"Just another Assassin's Creed. Nothing special here.The setting and the protagonist are different, but not different/original enough. The Lousiana bayou was definitely an interesting setting but other settings such as New Orleans felt somewhat like Boston from ACIII. Aveline has character- but not enough. The Templar baddies are rather generic. There are a few interesting mechanics such as the three personas (assassin, lady, and slave) and a very confusing chain kill mechanic but none of them were well implimented. This game just felt like a filler and was rather boring. I couldn't even finish this one.Save your money and give Assassin's Creed Liberation a pass."
76561198020422358,Recommended,260210,8726647,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,padronious,Played for about an hour so far .. HD graphics excellent .. free running and fighting very smooth and intuitive.
,Not Recommended,260210,16349427,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ALLAHIM LÜTFEN KAZANAYIM TŞK,I dont liked the game story and stuff the game sucks its a total waste of money
76561198067530341,Recommended,260210,8736139,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Snowcone,"I get a glitch in the part where i have to fight the 6 people in beginning, 3 of them wont fight me and its blocking my progress because i cant kill them so im stuck on that part, anyone else have this problem??"
,Recommended,260210,9010445,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,愛 DOCTOR.,PLEASE BUY THIS GAME!!!! ITS IS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD
,Recommended,260210,8769441,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Hoofenshnozzles,"Yes i will recommend people to buy this game.Mainly due to a few reasons:)1. DUH OPEN WORLD ASSASSIN'S CREED=AWESOME2.Very different gameplay,and many different problems have a myriad of different solutions3.It is actuallly surprisingly well optimised for PC(For me,anyway)4.FIRST FEMALE ASSASSIN EVAAAAHowever,1.Honestly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ texturing(Doesn't even seem like it has current gen textures)2.♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting(melodramatic and monotonous)3.Like on the vita,sometimes freerunning may be troublesome and unwieldy(NO SPOILERS SORRY...HAVEN'T SPENT THAT MUCH TIME ON THE STORY YET CUZ IM PLAYING BLACK FLAG=D)"
,Recommended,260210,8761997,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,dragon_blade,Honestly i like the vita version a lot better. Its was made and built for the vita so i dont understand why it got ported in the first place. Before you fan boys go up and arms on me i will list the good stuffpros- decent port plays well with a controller i wouldnt reccomend using a keyboard unless you are used to it.- they up resed it pretty well but it could be better.- so far it seems they got rid of most of the bugs that where in the vita version which is a good thing.Cons- If you have a vita just play that version after all the game was built for it.- Uplay isnt my thing most people will like it and thats fine but i like having just one client on my pc. Though it has change a lot since i last used it.-not really true hd  it seems blurry in a lot of area and i have a high end pc. think of this like most hd collections on the ps3.
,Recommended,260210,8745574,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shh! Don't Touch That,Assassins Creed Liberation HD is a really fun game with a rather unique setting with enough tall buildings to keep people who prefer the older assassins creeds wall climbing and what not. It has also got the usual combat system and countering is as overpowered as ever although this is an issue with many games and would be pretty hard to balance out. The graphics aren't exactly ground-breaking but considering the fact this is also on the older consoles this should be no real suprise. This is still a spin-off game. I can say however that it bridges the gap between the old and newer assassins creed games. One thing that took me suprise was that the games install is less than 4GB which considering the content is rther suprising even though New Orleans is realitivly small when compared to the other cities found within the franchise but thats most likely due to the constraints the Vita version had.Also the loading screens are nice.8.75/10
,Recommended,260210,8736044,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[CGN] Rob Lefevre ♠,"I like it, but i don't know why; because i can't actually quote to you anything that particularly makes me think this game is in any way anything other than ubisoft milking a franchise for money... It's almost like playing an assassin's creed game, and after finishing BlackFlag and realiseing i have nothing to look forward to upon leaving work in the evenings, i'll take what i'm given. 7/10, worst review of my life..."
76561198032861673,Recommended,260210,8740357,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,randallcarlmelton,"I think this is th best installment of the Assassins Creed series. I have played all four of the Assassin's Creed games. By far, the performance excedes my expectations. The storyline is very well written. The characters are ones I can believe in. And I love the graphics. Ubisoft, keep up the great work."
,Recommended,260210,8764065,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,mr. brightside,"I recommend this because it does offer some new features, something the AC franchise has done quite well. However, while Aveline is a very unique character, I feel Ubisoft squandered their first female assassin with this half-done game. It just doesn't feel like they put as much effort into this as they did the others. The story is okay, but it's not very engaging. I also notice some of the animations are poor compared to the previous games. For example, when Avenline slows down from sprinting to walking, there doesn't appear to be an animation that shows her actually slowing down like Edward or Connor. Instead, it seems as though she's just walking, but her slowing movement speed doesn't match the animation. As well, when she is sprinting and she moves left and right, the animation is just not right. Connor and Edward's animations showed their pivot foot push them in the direction they are strafing in, and the upper-body twist responding accordingly. Aveline just turns the direction she is strafing towards. It looks awkward and unrealistic compared to Ubisoft's beautiful animation work in Black Flag and AC:III.I have not beaten the game yet, but again, the story also doesn't appear to be well-invested. I do enjoy the features like the chain kill feature that I am still getting used to, and I think a female assassin like Aveline offers new gameplay options, such as Aveline's ability to change personas. That's a great feature, and I hope to see that be expanded into a male assassin in future games. I can only hope that where Liberation's shortcomings begin, make for a great experience in the next AC; I hope that perhaps we will see another female assassin (personally, I want to see Shao Jun's story in an AC title), and Liberation was more or less an introduction to it, like naval combat in AC:III to Black Flag. Liberation is a nice addition to the Assassin's Creed Franchise, but it seems like Ubisoft just got lazy in this title and put only half effort into it."
76561197972646566,Not Recommended,260210,14872837,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Derp,"Forced to install and use Uplay garbage. The storyline was uninresting. Waste of money, even on sale."
76561198136450325,Not Recommended,260210,20709340,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Atthillius,Worst assasin's creed ever.Bad  game.
,Not Recommended,260210,23806483,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Abook,"feels like a console game, even with the remaster, its still vita game, they should've taken their time with it and make it proper AC game, but at this state it is crap."
76561198048363156,Not Recommended,260210,13482171,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DeadeyeJhung,"not only does this game keep crashing after mere minutes, but it also requires Uplay, meaning that it's another of those god-awful ONLINE-ONLY SINGLEPLAYER games"
76561197970701643,Recommended,260210,25385269,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"It's another Assasins Creed game, this time, something."
76561198042091362,Recommended,260210,8723055,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Wrek N9ne,Very good port and looks great to say it was ported from the Vita.
76561198046675266,Recommended,260210,12267970,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"A very interesting spin-off from a slaves point of view as being an Assassin.The only thing I disliked was your clothing was based off three different aspects or personas as they call it;Assassin, Slave, or Lady.You could only do certain things using the certain personas, which is interesting but I should still have been able to keep my Assassin clothing on or something.Decent game overall.8/10"
76561198075486939,Recommended,260210,8736063,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dylan,i recommend this game. i have had trouble playing it on my new pc but on my other laptop its runs great. this game is amazing and better then how it was on the vita. i rate it a 9-10. it has action and disguises u can use in your missions to help her. I think u should get this game and read other reviews for more info.
,Recommended,260210,8720502,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Tolmat JP,Not an hour in and im already hooked into the game. It runs very well and fits perfectly into the style. 10/10 must buyedit:stopped working well  at all further in the game so i still havent finished it. But that is only because my current laptop is not great
76561198045514543,Recommended,260210,8725230,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Brain Eater,"Amazing it's even better than AC3 and as usual each game of the series has different collectables/playing style, I love the clothes thing it's amazing this game is full of new ideas, I thought it's gonna be like freedom cry but it's very very creative you must buy it!"
,Not Recommended,260210,22097392,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,HEY a gurl
76561198090837353,Not Recommended,260210,13003732,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Wolffs,"Good game,but it have some game breaking bugs and it ruin alot of it being a good game, so sadly dont recommend this game even if I kinda wanna recommend it."
76561198010944297,Recommended,260210,8734029,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,SwatKat1-Sukshinder ShindaHMC,It is the best Creed i've seen after Revelations!
,Recommended,260210,8732369,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,darkoni66,Great game. Would be even better if it didn't crash all the time.
76561198122259705,Recommended,260210,8777564,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Hoodie,(I'm new to PC gaming) But where is my activation code???
76561197994996821,Recommended,260210,8749083,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Septema,"Graphics aren't so hot and there's glitches with the shadows on ultra.  The voice and the animations don't match up very well in the interactions.   The massive huge bubbles to show you where you need to be are incredibly obvious and look terrible, but hey, it's an ASSASSIN""S CREED title!"
76561198202710638,Not Recommended,260210,29521210,Posted: 27 January,all,1/8/2011,"The only assassin creed game I rank, bad."
,Not Recommended,260210,29032452,Posted: 5 January,all,masta,This game its good but not working or activate need refund:(
,Recommended,260210,22336450,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lvsithor,Assassin’s Creed Liberation HDOverall: 6.6  / 10Story: 3/5Graphics: 5/5Audio: 4/5Gameplay: 3/5Bug Free: 2/5Immersion: 3/5Enjoyable: 3/5
76561197992488472,Not Recommended,260210,8730474,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,popos pecking order,Its a horable game with almost no story line. I am a fan of AC and I will not touch this again. It also has this weird glitch were if you press Esc instead of the menu it will take me to a blank screen.
76561198095523935,Recommended,260210,8721097,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,It is a great game for any fan of assassins creed. Has a few glitches but otherwise this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,260210,12867948,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,breastfast,"It's basically just a watered-down AC game with nothing new, the plot is boring.There is nothing new, the landscapes are hard to navigate through because of all the random ponds.I would advise you to wait until the next AC, because this one is a waste of money.  It seemingly has no tangible value to the overall series, so it doesn't even have that to offer."
,Recommended,260210,8724787,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,anzor133,It will shock you but this game is more amazing then ac2 . its ac2 story type + ac3 makanics + ac4 graphics but it runs like as if you are playing ac3 sp . they added really cool and amazign stuff . this game is worth to play ;)
76561198022658933,Not Recommended,260210,24062164,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gamingman,Huge piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥dont waste time with this
,Recommended,260210,8726163,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Si Fat Lung Sin Sang,I can't seem to play this game. It keeps crashing... please help me ASAP!
76561198021757575,Recommended,260210,12029755,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Black History!
76561198076162387,Not Recommended,260210,12297752,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,cognaclegion,It's ok.
76561198355928500,Recommended,260210,34633533,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr Smith,i have another assassins creed game and this one does not run smothlybut that might just be me
76561198044821934,Not Recommended,260210,24069119,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pelitas,"Gotta be one of the worst games ive ever played. story line is terrible, the gameplay is terrible."
,Not Recommended,260210,32111696,Posted: 1 June,all,Aergis,meh
76561198037499139,Recommended,260210,32910918,Posted: 27 June,all,Maisonaveevelyn,"I have always wanted to play Assassin Creed game, but i am a female gamer , and i always play my own gender, The Lack of female characters in this lines of games is very sad. I am sure they would sell more games if they would not exclude us from the adventures. When i saw this one it was a bit of a surprize. But still do wish that the others ones would add females to them also. I am barely in the beginning of the game, but as what i can see to date, its a very nice well made game and they did a very good job, with the female lead character. For the female looking for there own gender in this line of Game Assassin Creed , i do highly recomend it."
,Not Recommended,260210,8732007,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,FIJI,Worst Assassin's Creed game ever!
,Not Recommended,260210,30513647,Posted: 14 March,all,teqila۞C,"short, boring and bad quality video"
76561198043265574,Not Recommended,260210,12418323,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,flacons23,never played a assains creed i didnt like untill i played this one
76561198116277289,Not Recommended,260210,32260663,Posted: 7 June,all,King de Spades,I would rather have sex with a cactus than replay this game
76561198011553502,Not Recommended,260210,32336715,Posted: 11 June,all,pmswk45,"Assassin's creed 3 was a bad game in the series. Liberation uses the same game system. Still I wanted to play it because i wanted to know the whole story. If you are buying this game for the retail price, i dont recommend it. But if you are buying it for 3 bucks or so i think it's good enough. But still assassin's creed 3 was a bad game and this one is the game's little sister."
76561198068153275,Not Recommended,260210,13133948,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,oldbobjoe,"i cant run this but all the requirements are met to run it,am i the only one with this problum"
,Not Recommended,260210,33167215,Posted: 2 July,all,Traeiu THE TOKER,I tried to get this game for my girlfriend to play because shes anjoy AC games in the past... Game runs at 0-1 frames per second on gtx titan pascal (sli) totally unplayable. What is this I don't even...I am never even going to consider Ubisoft games in the future too much BS from these people lately they lost me and my trust forever. screw beyond good and evil 2 I wont even be giving it a chance because these devs are the vomit of the maggots that eat satans feces. Thanks
76561198084588021,Not Recommended,260210,12688043,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Duster_Man,I didn't like this game because the story was just so boring. Thank gosh this isn't cannon to the series. If you're a fan of the series it's worth trying out. If you want to try it out wait until it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,260210,30402306,Posted: 8 March,all,Sapling,"Just bad, lost my mother because of a chicken"
,Recommended,260210,26224787,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Felix (The Indecisive),"Female assassin. What next will you think of next Ubisoft, fully playable pigeon assassins?"
,Not Recommended,260210,8722598,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Schroedster,"We improved everything they said, buy it for a different expirience they said. All they changed was the graphics and added a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ missions thats it"
76561197961114667,Not Recommended,260210,8739353,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ShiverStorm,"worst crappy game ever created, get into a fight and you die, the end!"
,Not Recommended,260210,8721356,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,The IG Hero,"Game is ok but please note THIS GAME REQUIRES UPLAY!!!! I wouldn't have got this game if I had known ahead of time. Don't support Unisoft & that♥♥♥♥♥♥Ass Program. Secondly Steam don't sell games that don't run on steam or use steam in any way other then time tracker, its a waste of your community's time.""Recommended:OS: Windows Vista SP2, Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8 / 8.1 (both 32/64bit versions)Processor: Intel Core i5 2400S @ 2.5 GHz or AMD FX 4100 @ 3,6 GHz or betterMemory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: Nvidia GeForce GTX 570 or AMD Radeon HD7870 (1250MB VRAM & Shader Model 5.0) or betterHard Drive: 3500 MB available spaceSound Card: DirectX Compatible Sound Card with latest driversAdditional Notes: Supported video cards at time of release: Nvidia GeForce 8800GT or better, GeForce 9, GTX 200, GTX 400, GTX 500, GTX 600, GTX 700 series. AMD Radeon HD4870 or better, HD5000, HD6000, HD7000, R7 and R9 series. Note: Latest GeForce drivers tested: 331.65 for all series. Latest Radeon drivers tested: 13.9 Legacy for Radeon HD4870 and Windows Vista, 13.9 for Radeon HD5000 and above. Laptop versions of these cards may work but are NOT officially supported.""No where do you see the words Uplay but sadly your stuck with it. Copied off of the steam store 1/15/2014"
76561198015499620,Not Recommended,260210,8726443,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Stormy,Why would i recomend a game i cant even play!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,260210,28195127,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,gaminsnake,Okay litterly played the game for 5 seconds and already hitting 2 fps for 10 meinutes then decided to stop playing and never buying AC on pc ever again. I'm sticking to xbox unless someone knows how to fix it then messege me and i'll take down this review.
,Not Recommended,260210,10002168,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Lady Boss,"Game is quite fun; it's actually the only Assassin's Creed I've ever been even remotely interested in. Love that the main character is a woman of color, which is a rarity in gaming nowadays.However, don't buy this game on Steam and be forced to engage the nonsense UPlay 3rd party DRM if you can at all avoid it. You'll get an equally entertaining experience on a PS3 or 360."
,Not Recommended,260210,9832232,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,XxMK89xX,"Complete waste of time.After clocking in a few entertaining hours of gameplay on Black Flag including the small ""Aveline""-part included there ( wich I liked ), I couldn't wait to try Liberation.But everything about the gameplay from Black Flag that made it a good and rewarding experience is removed from Liberation - the main character is completely useless and without the traits and tools I've fell in love with from Black Flag, and every scene seems to be staged and scripted to the millimetre.Liberation is in other words a huge ""Back To The Future""-thing, probably loved by everyone that doesn't like the gameplay progress from Assassins Creed 1...."
,Not Recommended,260210,9916562,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,PC45,"As an avid fan of the Assassin's Creed series, I have to say I've experienced nothing but disappointment, to the extent that I can't even bring myself to finish the game, a rare occurrence. The true strength of the Assassin's Creed franchise has been their ability to meld well thought out stories with a gameplay that makes it exciting, dynamic and fun. I experienced nothing of the sort in this game. The quests and segments were merely a series of banal and pointless tasks strung together by a dialog so oversimplified and cartoonish I could only assume it was designed to cater to the 4 year old demographic. There was no sense of character development or plot, the gameplay was dull at best and the implementation of the wardrobe system was a desperate, derived grab to add a new dynamic to the game which ultimately did nothing but annoy. I've sincerely tried to find something good to say about this game and I honestly can't, I've played more entertaining games made by elementary school kids on a sprite game builder. I'd very much like my money back."
76561198043965541,Not Recommended,260210,9336175,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,SoulBane,"A very poor entry into the Assassin's Creed series. The original was bland, and the port doesn't do the game any kind of justice. It uses the same engine for AC: III, which is not as fine-tuned as it's successor (AC: IV), meaning the gameplay sucks. Aveline de Grandpre was a character of massive potential, but due to the constraints of the original system the game was made for, the story fails to impress, and it's characters don't make it any better. She was also very slippery to control compared to Altair, and Ezio. The costume changing felt more like a pointless gimmick rather than a meaningful endeavor to add some sort of flavor to the story. The game also doesn't add a whole lot to the Assassin's Creed lore either, so it's really not worth checking out."
76561198023854720,Not Recommended,260210,9312298,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,RockinRaoul,"Anyone thinking this is more AC 4 Black Flag  should avoid this one entirely. I don't know the history, but there's a reference at the start of AC4 during the tour of Aspergo where Liberation is described as the first game in the series. I suspect this is just a very old AC game updated with higher-res graphics (thus the HD on the end), and it really really shows.  It certainly feels like pre-AC1 quality, awkward, stiffly-scripted mission segments that seem to suddenly get interrupted just as you're getting into it, horrible restrictions on movement (i.e. terrain) and none of the polish and finesse of AC 3 or 4.  And a very strange and creepy sexist vibe to much of it.  It is not a sibling to Freedom Cry at all.I've given it a good try but won't bother playing it any more.  It is not a pleasurable experience, and I find it frustrating to play.  I consider it a complete waste of my $20.  At $1.99 on GOG, I might be able to give it a thumbs up, but at $20 on Steam, it's just the AC brand cow being milked and users not being properly warned it's old content being regurgitated.I have learned to be much more careful in assuming quality in purchases now, even in the same brand.  The developer needs to recognize that this kind of release damages the branding, even if it grabs a few extra bucks."
,Not Recommended,260210,9030690,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,July B,"Well, it's hard to say. The game has good graphics and a good story but I just didn't enjoy playing it. I played it for a few minuits and turned it off because it just got boring. The story is pretty good and the graphics are decent. However, the gameplay is disappointing. I especially hate the controls, I know that it was originally made for the PSVita but they could of at least changed the default controls. Overall, it's not great. The combat is rubbish and so is the general gameplay. They should of kept it exclusive for the PSVita..."
,Recommended,260210,9123779,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dick,GG WP
,Recommended,260210,17086370,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Tabulation,Below average AC game which loosely ties into AC3. Buy ON SALE ONLY if you're a die hard AC fan.
76561198113223290,Recommended,260210,16967157,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kit-Kat PaddyWhack™,"I love playing a woman lead in an AC game, it's a nice change.Aveline is a good character, and her relationships with other characters - especially her mother and Gerard - are especially interesting. The game controls are good, though aiming the mouse right to jump from tree to tree can sometimes be annoying or a hinderance. The graphics are pretty damn good too, though not up to the same degree as AC 3, but close.The gameplay is similar to AC 3 as well and you have the same notoriety concept. Fighting in a full lady's dress of the 1700's can look f*cking hilarious, and you also can control trade routes and buy businesses to help your father's company.One of my favorite things about the game is wandering around the bayou and interacting with the woman tha theads a smugglers den (I've forgotten her name due to not playing the game for a while).Overall a solid game and very enjoyable to play. 8/10."
76561197982157721,Not Recommended,260210,18016652,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,phillydeese3,"I have never played an Assassin's Creed game before, but this came up in the steam sale so I thought I'd give it a go.This is quite possibly the worst game I have ever played. The controls are clumsy and I never felt totally in control of the character. I tried using both mouse and keyboard, and xbox controller but neither felt right. The story is so incredibly boring, the voice acting is terrible and the missions seem repetitive.All I've done so far in the game is walk around, and now I've been sent to some mansion to kill some guy. I haven't even killed anyone in the game so far and now I'm expected to kill 8 guards with muskets. I don't even know what the controls are to attack, and because the stupid game doesn't even have a proper ""controls"" section I can't find out.... so I can no longer play this game. After 15 mins of button bashing and dieing I am giving up.Waste of time. I would say waste of money but I only paid about 2 pounds GBP for it, which is more than it's worth.I'm not going to give up on the franchise though, I'll give black flag a go.... when it's on sale again"
76561198049409305,Not Recommended,260210,17944358,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,thing not a person,"After the “third” game, the Animus stars getting used for slimmest of excuses, with nary a scant of modern-day story. This is rather significant, since as the player character is actually the user of the Animus (or, in this case, the Animus-derived video game), this basically removes all rationale for why they should even keep playing. Why try for high synchronisation? Why finish side quests? Previously, this was justified by Desmond working through the motions to discover what he needs to know, but now it feels like I could take it or leave it.The game itself is rather short and half-baked. The story seems quite far removed from the central themes of the series, and while there are some neat little mechanics that make it feel like more than just a filler -- the different roles Aveline can assume, and the introduction of the whole trade fleet mechanic, off the top of my head -- it definitely seems like the work of the studio B or C team."
,Recommended,260210,18096779,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Chae Yeon 이채연,"A must have in your collection for all the AC fans. Change of personas are interesting, There will also be a mission where one of Aveline's journey cross paths with Connor for a period of time. Revised graphics are not bad too!"
,Recommended,260210,17309899,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ariel Mirra,"I will keep it simple, if you can get it with a discount, it is worth the money.tipical Assassasin's  Creed gameplay, moving story, and some surprises to keep you in the game, my score is an 8.3"
76561198027907170,Recommended,260210,17339807,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,zyaxis555,"It seems like Ubisoft went out of their way to sabotage this game at every point. Things are constantly going wrong in the gameplay with bugs and movement problems (it seems like they took the movement from Assassins Creed 1 and put it in here). There are also many incomplete ideas and it takes way too long to get interesting.THAT BEING SAID.It's, overall, still a pretty good game. Assassins Creed was never 100% terrible, so every main game has been at least okay (if inconsequentional like Brotherhood and Revelations). The story is really what got me interested, and it features a protagonist we're probably never going to see again in an even vaguely AAA game. The bayou is a super-interesting new environment (if a little frustrating to navigate).If you want to experience something that will probably never be seen anywhere near the AAA game space ever again, get this game.If you just want to experience Assassins Creed as it always was and always will be, then skip it. This is only going to go appreciated by people who want something different, not by those who want something familiar.Also, I am colonial-era whipmaster."
,Recommended,260210,17247760,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,GGWC,"If you have played other versions of Assassin Creed franchises..Then you would needA LOT OF PATIENCEfor this game.Most players would feel bored while using non-combat gear.Cool main character (Aveline)Aveline offers a different approach with a great atmosphere.She has a unique ability to change her appearance and, thus, how people react to her.She has three available disguises, or personas: the Assassin, the Lady, and the Slave.Each changes her navigational skills, strength, speed, and blending options.Unique features of Assassin Creed Liberation1) Canoe within swampsThis game suffers from the graphical power and gameplay Assassin Creed Black Flag had,but it's far from a bad game.For $20, its not expensive.If you are a fan of Assassin Creed, you would want to try all their versions for the experience.You might want to put it inwishlist& buy it when there's a discount."
,Recommended,260210,13581879,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jbeavis100,"I liked it for what it was and that is a solid assasins title with shorter lengths of play for each mission, but don't get me wrong, there are plenty of things to do, side missions, business managing and so on. It takes awhile to fall into a comfortable stride but when it does it relaxes into  a much more interesting game and the plot begins to come together, I think it should have been a bit longer I think, to tie up some other aspects of the story but otherwise it was a pretty fun game with a nice rendition of the city of new orlean and the bayou. 7,5/10"
76561198136966697,Recommended,260210,14504436,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,samantha.vizor,"Its about time they added a female charactor to the assasin creed franchise, however compared to the other assassin creeds i feel they didnt put in as much effort.  I felt slighty dissapointed that i didnt enjoy it more.  The game is worth playing for the secret caves and tombs but apart from that the controls are slow and buggy and the story line is not as good as the other assassin creed games.  In other words there is nothing in this game that sets it apart from the other assassin creed games (except that obviousley the main charactor is a female)"
76561198046193942,Recommended,260210,13872306,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Vili Sajgonka,"I have to admit, that I like Assassin's Creed series and enjoy each AC game. The same was with Liberation, which is not a 'normal' game as e.g. Black Flag, but a port of a PSP's version. However I have enjoyed the time spent with Aveline. Liberation offers the same as the other games, but everything is just smaller. There are the same pros and cons as in other AC games. It offers us canonical for series: story similar to the previous ones; impressive fights, parkour great as always. There are also three different locations, which I prefered more than the ones in ACIII. On the other hand we find here a very  stupid ending, sporadic camera problems and a few frustrating missions. Also the visual side of this game could be better - it is clearly seen, that the game was not made to work on the powerful computers.The items collectors will also have fun - there are many chests to be looted and diary pages or alligator eggs to be found.The game is smaller by all means. You should include the time needed to complete it - it took me 6,5 hours to complete 86% of Liberation (including the items, mini missions etc).I recommend this game as much as I recommend any other AC game. Even if it is not perfect, it still makes fun and does not cost a fortune."
76561197971763279,Recommended,260210,13900042,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,LEGION3000,"I found this game to be very fun and enjoyable.The good:1.  A female assassin, FINALLY!2. Changing clothing and formal gowns was lots of fun.3. Multiple paths to solve problems.  You don't always have to go swords a blazing4. Unique setting.  How many games are set in French Louisiana? probably only this one.5.  If you pay attention you can pick up the threads from the Freedom Cry DLC.The not so good:1.  Story is convoluted and ultimately forgettable2. The primary city can be a pain to traverse and looks rather bland.  No grand visuals like we come to expect from AC,3.  Graphics, ok I know its a port from a mobile game, but just be aware this is not next gen.4.  The swamp, while new and interesting, was more hassle than the wilderness from AC4.Bottom line, if you like Assassins creed games get it.  It has more of everything we love.  If you are lukewarm on the franchise, don't get it and you won't have to ♥♥♥♥♥ about it."
,Recommended,260210,13860049,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,hippofeathers,"Once you get it working, it's a pretty good slice of Creed! I really enjoyed the story. Sure it doesn't blow your mind, but I'm starting to think we're expecting too much from these games, amount of dumping on story I'm hearing across the board. They give us a new area to explore, a new slice of the story, a new perspective on a point in history, and some new mechanics every time. I don't quite know what's more to expect, but then I play for enjoyment not a road to Damascus  moment.Pros I experienced:*First female lead I've played that felt like a real character.*Cool mechanic of multiple guises with seperate stregths and weaknesses.*Cool story from a perspective usually not depicted in media without skirting about the issue.*Not too short, not too long. 24hours in total if you do almost all the side quests.*EnjoymentCons I experienced:*Unplayable framerate at first, reinstall fixed this. Played near perfectly from then on.*Occassional dissapearance of map markers.*Occassional Freezes. (4 for me)*Not Challenging. (but is Creed ever?)The glitches were actually better than the ones I experienced in Black Flag on my 360, and in Unity on the same PC. Woah nelly, don't get me started on Unity glitches. So yeah, aside from the fact Ubisoft seriously need to get their quality control in gear before they let games out, thumbs up."
76561198033040646,Not Recommended,260210,14479078,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BobbyOne,Garbage!
,Recommended,260210,15907014,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Mojogunner,"I've played all the assassin's creed games and for a HD title, this is pretty nice. I liked playing as a female protagonist for a change and it was a great change to say the least. The story was fine and so was the gameplay. Its short and sweet. I would recommend."
,Recommended,260210,16557081,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TwoShoos,Man oh man talk about an upgrade8/10
,Recommended,260210,16296691,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RawDeal,"Another skippable Assassins Creed game. Short campaign, but pretty enjoyable. It's worth playing if you can grab it on sale"
76561198117929726,Recommended,260210,16371346,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,gerowniko,"This game is very similar to Assassin's Creed III in gameplay. If you enjoy that or other AC games you'll likely enjoy this too. In fact I was pleasantly surprised how much it resembled the other games even though this was originally a game for handhelds. Steam doesn't mention it, but this game does have (Xbox 360) controller support. I played it with controller nearly exclusively and it works very well.It took me 16 hours to beat this game, that includes a lot of getting full synchronizations, collecting stuff, doing all missions. I haven't finished everything yet, so I'd say this game takes about 15-20 hours if you do everything and get every achievement. Compared to the other AC games, which all took me about 30-35 hours to complete everything this is quite decent for a game originally intended for handhelds! The graphics mostly look quite good as well, most textures in particular are really good looking. Faces are still not the most visually impressive but this has always been a 'problem' with AC games. Some of the locations are just gorgeous, particularly the Bayou and the Mayan Ruins.I liked the soundtrack, though it did get slightly repetitive after spending a lot of time with this game. But I think that is a problem with a lot of games so I can't fault this game too much for it, there is enough variety between locations.I encountered only a few glitches during my running time and nothing game-breaking, the game was generally playing quite smooth on my computer.The weakest parts of this game is the writing. The story, characters and dialogue all feel jumbled. It was hard to make sense of it and there's not a lot of depth to be found. In some ways this too is similar to the other AC games but I'd say this game is worse. The characters and voice acting are kind of bland, a lot of people had issues with Connor as the protagonist in ACIII, I never had a problem with him but I did feel like Aveline could have been more interesting. The story also doesn't add anything to the main story arc of the series, which I guess has been screwed up anyway with ACIII (haven't played Black Flag and later entries yet).ConclusionAll in all I'd recommend this games to fans of the Assassin's Creed series. If you've never played any of those games before this will likely be a decent starting entry, the story stands on its own with perhaps a few references here and there. If you don't like the AC games this game most likely won't change your mind.CriteriaGrade/10Visuals7.4Audio7.5Gameplay7.5Story & Characters6Technical polish7.5Amount of content7.4Overall7.4"
,Not Recommended,260210,15713620,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,TokyoRacer,"I mean, I liked Aveline's character and overall I enjoyed seeing her story. But, this was a horrible HD transfer. The game lags. The framrate drops constantly. The game it self from a graphical standpoint looks horrible. And I understand it's an Assassin's Creed game and I really enjoy the series - but this game had such water downed, clunky game play it really took away from the game.If you like the Assassin's Creed series and you're like me and want to play every game that comes out - if you see this game on at least a 75%+ sale pick it up. Aveline is a good character. Her story is worth seeing. You just have to fight through horrible HD graphics and lackluster gameplay."
76561198046741114,Recommended,260210,15466433,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Glass Half-Spilled,"AC: L has received a lot of critical reviews about the feel of the game, and some of the game mechanics (Yes, I agree, that the disguises are annoying as ♥♥♥♥), but the game itself is pretty enjoyable. To be honest, I liked the game waaay more than AC3, which just didn't have any kind of feel to it.AC: L isn't too long, which frankly might be a good thing. The story is pretty short, but it really struck me in a way AC3 just couldn't."
,Not Recommended,260210,15515118,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,BTonyB,"I didn't care much for this one. The main character was annoying and overall, I was just bored. No thanks."
76561198057575998,Recommended,260210,15612663,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pandelis,"For being a filler-game and a spin-off from the main series, AC Liberation is actually quite a good game. The game mechanics are the same as in AC III, so if you have been there, you can jump right in here, knowing that your fingers will automatically do the right moves. It was also very refreshing to play a female assassin in these series. There is this elegance of getting rid of competition while wearing a charming dress and holding an umbrella and Liberation delivers on that quite well. The whole setup of New Orleans is very nice and the AI inhabitants do their parts in making you feel like you are in a real city. The trade system is also rather unobtrusive – a nice way to make money in the background without diverting attention from the main game. Complaints? The story; which is made a little too easy and simplistic to jump into and doesn’t really shed much light into the series, the transitions between events; which are a bit abrupt and lack this flowing feeling other installments in the series had and generally this feeling that the game should have been just a bit more “polished”; little bits and pieces here and there, whether it be the sound acting or the way you canoe moves through the water. All in all though, these things do not damage the overall enjoyment of the game. Try it."
,Recommended,260210,15346889,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,¡SirePWNsAlotª,Finished the game within 5 hours. Story plot is none the lest good.
76561198045198880,Not Recommended,260210,15480350,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Maegil,"Just avoid this one, It adds nothing to the franchise and it's more hassle than it's worth. It could have been great... Instead, as others will tell you, it's just an uninspired money grab.My greatest problem withit, however, is that it's a poor port, and bugged to hell and back. My computer is better than the recommended system requirements and it plays much heavier stuff with no problems, but Liberation makes its coolers sound like air raid sirens, until it eventually starts lagging, freezing, and/or crashing. As for the HD stuff, I don't think a skin job should be chock full of white-dotted z-fighting artifact areas on anything that looks a bit mote complex."
,Not Recommended,260210,16242700,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,yompk,"Lets start off with the massive glitch that prevents you from using the shipping map. That made things difficult. Tech issues asside, this game tries to pad its self to make it longer. plus a bunch of bs missions, like row your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ canoe down a stream and avoid rocks. I got the game on sale for very little money and it wasn't worth it. I love the series and this one def should not be stand alone, maybe a free DLC with a large title. the story is ok, but the quality of the game and its machanice where not good."
76561198067627696,Recommended,260210,16264191,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,$#@%!,"Because of all the negative reviews, I thought I'd give my input.Though fairly short, Assassin's creed: Feminism on the bayou was a wonderful game.The characters and story were very well put together,the gameplay was smooth as any AC game should be,The whip is freaking awesome.I loved the mayan ruins stages and the tree running in the bayou.I recommend you buy this when it goes 75% off."
,Recommended,260210,16224168,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Pastafari,"okay story, a bit laggy cause its ported. not a bad game. i played worse. A bit funny in some logical moments. otherways not bad for PSP"
,Recommended,260210,15757049,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Xero,Really glad I went back and played this. Definitely goes to further inform the rest of the series that would come afterwards.
76561198041287274,Not Recommended,260210,17450807,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dragoncuali,"This is the first and only creed game to have a female lead. This is not why I am giving this a thumbs down. I enjoyed the game but I found it way too easy compared to other creed games. It took me less then 8 hours to complete the main story line along with a bit of running around and side quests.Pros:+ Different personas for different events+ Fairly intresting story line+ Multiple locations to explore.... Kinda+ Nice graphics for a Vita portCons:- No longer able to pet dogs- Glitchy in the worse ways, such as not even appearing!- More trees that don't respond well to imputIf you want to play this game, by all means go ahead. Just know that it only slightly touches the main story and the lack of content is a bit troubling."
76561197996106883,Not Recommended,260210,17684202,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,wasp.Peter_Lustiger,"I consider myself a kind of fan of the Assassins Creed Series - I have played all the titles except for Unity and Rogue at the time I'm writing this review. It's not that I totally love the mechanics, I play these games because of their story - and in that regard, Liberation is totally lacking. The narrative is just bad and very elliptic - it feels like the studio went out of money before they had produced all the cutscenes. So far, it also looks like that the little story-content is not important in the grand scheme of things.Regarding actual game mechanics this plays pretty much like all the other titles, climbing buildings with clunky controls, killing countless people and so on. Graphics are okay, but not on the technical level of Black Flag, but this is no surprise since this is just a port from the vita."
,Not Recommended,260210,16628166,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"This game did not port over well from the Vita.  Compared to AC 3, the gameplay is weak and overly streamlined.  The positioning of the contextual free-running surfaces felt like they were frequently misalligned, causing a lot of missed jumps and frustration.  The side-plots and optional objectives also feel much more like chores in this entry than in others.The character of Aveline is quite intriguing, in fact she had a great deal of potential and was nearly this game's saving grace.  The character arcs she shares with her step mother and her steward also had the potential to be very powerful and affecting.  However, I feel she was poorly served by the game's underdeveloped plot and thin script."
,Not Recommended,260210,13613150,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kevvie,"Story-line is all shortened. Free-running in swamp (Baoyu) is so frustrating.No fast-travel locally in the same map made me running like mad. Using Trade System in the shops is also un-fixed with no cursor.This is for buying a game designed for hand-held.In short, frustrating to play with limited rewards of story-line."
76561198069358881,Recommended,260210,13652604,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,juhasz.roland.istvan,"+ not bad story+ interesting character split between assassin/slave/lady+ quick kill sequence move- if you plan to do 100%, you will suffer terribly by the bugs and other annoyance by the environment (for example defend the raft 100%)- disappearing menus, or progresses, even at the start if something not happened as planned by the developers (for example made a throw at the start then the game progress been done and stucked between the start and tutorial part, so needed to start over); this is really RIDICULOUS how not been tested, it's unacceptable from an AAA developer company...- if you stuck by disappearing menus, game restart and mission restart helps most of the time, so you no need to start over"
,Recommended,260210,13600925,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kagomechan,"I really don't know why the reviews are so low. The game is fantastic and have a new way of assassination that I found pretty amazing! And finally... A WOMAN PROTAGONIST!! Aveline is awesome! The story is awesome too. I can't compare the game with AC:2, Brotherhood or the others because they really are more incredible but that doesn't make AC:Liberation a bad game. I found really interesting the three ways that you can dress and the different effects that you have in each one. The game has some small bugs that almost every game has but is certainly an amazing game!"
,Not Recommended,260210,13938800,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,3 face ✝a✝✝oos,"The over-arching story makes very little sense, in fact practically every story line portrayed in the game makes very little sense. There is very little lore/cannon that links this game to other AC series. If you're a fan of the AC series you wouldn't miss much by skipping this game. That being said this game is quick and easy so if it's on sale it might be worth picking up for a quick playthrough."
76561198007779453,Recommended,260210,8839268,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,P@N,"I have heard many negative comments about the Story of the game. I must disagree to this. Liberation is a ""must play"" for all AC fans out there.It is a perfect match in the ac3 timeline (you will meet familiar faces like Connor) and tells the story from a female assassin Aveliine during the pre-revolution time in new orleans. Starting there our heroin is traveling to different places including south america to solve errands and fight the templar.The ingame depth is not the same like ac3 but it is for sure worth his money.You will have a lot of fun with aveline and the other chars in this PC version of this former console  (Vita) game. So give it a try and tell me ;)"
,Not Recommended,260210,14274577,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Opperationhumansheild,"THIS GAME CANNOT UNDERSTAND ITS OWN MECHANICS!if you love the series its a great story note and the dressing room and different outfits makes it a working game but sometimes it is just plagued by bad mechanics, non working ledges, and invisible walls."
76561198000781898,Not Recommended,260210,13983549,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,David,"This game was a real let down from the start. Doesnt really want to let you play just continous cutscenes. Ive ""played"" 5 hours worth and at least half that time has been sat watching storyline or stuck doing a particular thing. It gives you no time to explore and develop. Im at 50% sync already and now just want to finish the game quickly to get it over and done with and my monies worth. Poor at best. 3/10."
,Recommended,260210,13890581,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,op3um,"Totally worth the money! Fun Fun Fun! I love playing a female character, I wish there was a bit more of a stealth mode, but sticking to rooftops suites me fine. Its awesome!  If you love to dress up, play cloak and dagger, you can do that too.  I enjoy going around doing the scenarios on one save and on the other I go around and just steal money and collect loot.  Its a blast after a long day of work."
,Not Recommended,260210,13978215,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,CharreD,"Got about 16 hours of gameplay out of this. It was OK, but rather buggy. Most of the whip swings I tried had her dive into the water below rather than using her whip. Freerun path handling was mediocre, I found myself failing to catch ledges or leaping to the wrong one. The notoriety system for the slave is a little frustrating, if you bump into a box or wall while running you generate notoriety. High profile kill a lone guard in a secluded area and you still somehow generate notoriety.Story was a little confusing. Citizen E didn't really help. I don't know exactly what happened at the end there when the artifact was correctly activated.I did find the persona mechanic interesting though. Also it was fun playing as a strong independant black woman who don't need no templar."
,Recommended,260210,14038117,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ARMOR_152,"I liked this game quite a bit, a couple little glitches in it but nothing terrible. The blowpipe is cool and you get to be 3 differnt personas, assassin, lady, or slave which makes it different gameplay througout the game. I like how you can freeze time and do some cinematic kills.  The assassin outfit you unlock if you collect all the assassin coins is the best I've seen in the entire AC franchise.  I got it for $2.50 also, can't beat that!"
76561198015446216,Recommended,260210,13949037,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sujet,"As the first Creed game i've played since it first, it was alright. There was a few annoying bugs, like sometimes when you go into a menu the game gets stucks on the menu. It's well documented and not fixed. The story was alright. The insta-fail missions are annoying if you stay in high noteriety. I assume vet players would know that, but as a new player i didn't think a gaurd would spawn right next to me after i get caught in a mission causing a chain of fails over and over again becuase my noterity was too high. It was fun for the price i got it."
76561198053717246,Not Recommended,260210,14170658,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,WeAreLegion,Worst of the series outside of the original.
76561198052904449,Recommended,260210,16859567,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ThePlump,Not as bad as they say.
76561198024922437,Recommended,260210,16865931,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Santa,"Originally made for Sony's handheld Vita (not PSP as some other reviewers mistakenly claim here) this upconverted port to PC shows it's handheld background unfortunatly obvious to well.  You can tell they made the whole game super streamlined to play on a handheld that you pick up and play in quick bursts instead of one long sitting like on a pc. Unfortunatly on the PC that streamlinedness comes across as empty and a little boring.   This AC is really just following the story beats to the next story icon.  Sure there was a couple side things to do, but they all seemed pointless time wasters so I ended up skipping most of them.  You could tell they had a lot of cool interesting ideas that they put in here, but with the game so overly simplified they did not really have time to fully see them realized.With that said, I do recommend it for AC lovers like me.  It's great to play a female lead for once, and her dialogue and story kept me going and are what ultimatly make me recommend this game.... especially if you can find it for under $10 like I did on sale.I will say, I have a top end system, and this game sometimes made it chug.  I had to lower my graphics to 1080p to be acceptable, and I also had to reset that graphics setting upon each restart as it would not save it properly.   Also one of the few games that more than a couple times completly froze my Win 7 machine needing a reboot.Also realize that you need to also use Uplay, so if that system is down, you can't play.  (also turn off you cloud sync saves, that seems to accidentally delete your saves randomly)."
76561198030665293,Recommended,260210,17809271,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Scuzzlebutt,"Some interesting new ideas in a series that desperately needs them, but overall just an okay game. Buy if you're a die hard fan of the series."
,Not Recommended,260210,18708111,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JasonTerminator,A buggy mess with a decent story and interesting protagonist. Only recommend if you really like Assassin's Creed.
,Not Recommended,260210,18730609,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,J.Jensen,"Do not bother playing this one. It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's buggy and glitchy, some bugs will even break your progression and forcing you to restart to achieve 100% sync.The story is boring and confusing at times, the soundtrack is the worst of the series and there really is no immersion or atmosphere."
,Recommended,260210,14305280,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Wounded Knee,"If you go into this game thinking you are going to be playing a AAA game made for the pc then you will be disappointed. If you go Into it with the mindset that you are playing  a Vita port then it is a surprisingly good game. The game uses three personas, which is cool as compared to being constantly chased and shot at like previous and later titles. I love the main charater in this. A female bad♥♥♥♥♥with the looks of Rhiana and the whipping skills of India Jones. Chris Brown be warned, I would hope to see a return to this character she even has a french accent unlike all the Unity characters."
,Not Recommended,260210,15281335,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Taserface,no
76561198092324579,Not Recommended,260210,15145277,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TheAppleSauceKing,Taking that this game was pulled from the vita does heighten my review but the gameplay feels slow and the story feels pushed. I would recomend getting this game on sale but its just is not worth the full price. 4/10
,Not Recommended,260210,15251424,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,myKidsPwnedU,"I am replaying all the AC games because I love them so much. I thought I would try this one. Big mistake. Stupid story. Boring. Mechanics don't work smoothly like the other games. Ugly graphics. I regret the 15 hours I spent on this game. Avoid, even on sale."
76561198077256490,Recommended,260210,15251750,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,silapakorn_s,"Pros:- Decent story line that contributes to the original series- Persona system adds more challenges and depths to the game- For a small game it has a surprising numbers of explorable locationsCons:- The game is awfully short, you can get 100% synced story in less than 10 hours.- Outdated and buggy graphics- No (convenient) fast travel- Navigating through the swamp forest is a royal painSuggestions:- Get it while on sale, at least 75%- DLCs are rip-off, totally unnecessary"
,Recommended,260210,15170525,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Tintin,I rather suck a fat mans nippels than play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ okey not realy
,Recommended,260210,16810541,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,eloyhbermudez,PROS:Changing personaAmazing Music ScoreCollectiblesGood StoryGood FramerateMeet Coonnor FTWCONS:Mediocre voice actingMissions are too ShortSlightly Dated GraphicsGame is too ShortGame narrative is plain lacking of climatic pointsConclusion:I do not recommend getting this full price since is a very short game.I got this game for rebate and i dont regret purchasing it . After i finished my playthrough i am still missing a fair amount of collectibles and side quests to do . Overall is a good game and thats all . Is not an amazing game like AC4 or Brotherhood. Also
76561197963321051,Recommended,260210,15176358,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Troll,"Well - I must say I was a little scared at first - mostly because this game is a port from mobile devices. I tried such game before - unfamous ""Deus Ex: The Fall"" which... let's just say wasn't good. So this time I didn't expect to much from the beginning. But - I was positively suprised. The game is very nice. It is somewhat simplified comparing to AC 3 for example, but still pack a ton of fun. I liked the idea of persona changing especially, which allows the player to turn into three very different persons, with different skill and abilities - almost at will. And three different personas means at least three different ways to handle some quests (some, as the others are reserved for one persona only). Also - making the main character a female gives this game some different, unique feel... Finally, the lengh of the game is just all right - not to much (it is not a ""main line"" game after all) and not to little (again comparing to only 2-3 hours long ""Deus Ex: The Fall""...).Definately something worth playing !"
76561198039645019,Not Recommended,260210,15291240,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,karl_falk,"I have enjoyed every installment of the Assassin's Creed franchise up until Liberation, but this HD PC version just seems superfluous. The controls are not as tight as previous games, the storytelling is confusing and disjointed, and obviously the graphics are not up to par when compared to the other PC games.There are some memorable sequences, but they are few and far between. My recommendation is to buy it on sale, and play it if you are a diehard fan of the franchise or if, like me, you are a completionist when it comes to story (and want every scrap that the series will throw you). Otherwise I would skip this entry."
,Not Recommended,260210,16254911,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Meachamus Prime,"What we have here is a failure to communicate... with the simulation timer.The story in Assassin's Creed: Liberation HD is incredible, I honestly don't understand how they started it off at such a low price originally. The persona (character) options also make for an interesting, realistic experience.The problem is the simulation timing is off. There is a dizzying, herky-jerky, pause every other second, almost as if the frames are being rendered faster than the game mechanics can react. Every minute or two, it gets so backed up that it even loses input response. Many times I had my kill or jump timed perfectly, only to have the controller become unresponsive momentarily, leaving me able to do nothing but watch Aveline's ragdoll corpse jostle about.It is worth noting that the story kept me playing all the way through, but it was only my 30 years out of 35 in gaming experience that kept me from hurling up my lunch evertime I played. Suffice it to say, a controller was nearly laid to rest from the frustration of this unlikely game engine glitch.And before you blame my hardware... An MSI GT70-2PE Dominator Pro, with its NVidia 880 and 8GB of Video RAM, should be able to hand this 1 year older game, with the ease of pilfering confectionary treats from a prepubescent child (like taking candy from a baby).Addendum (One week later):Having completed the game, I can guarrantee that the story is wonderfull, however the game suffers from egregious annoyances such as enemies attacking before they can be targetted, attacks from literally invisible enemies, random hangs when reloading guns, random roof edges in open, flat areas, and the previously mentioned severe lack of smooth simulation timing. These annoyances continue throughout the game."
76561198052056947,Recommended,260210,14801233,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,bismarck2511,"This game get allot of negative comments and forums full of problems.so before I start a couple of things thats pretty important.*if you got a low range pc it can cause several problems some game breaking.I play with high end pc (gtx 970, 3.8ghz 32gb ram, win 8.1 pro)  all max and didn't encounter any bug exept all dressing rooms at 100%replay mission where you first bought it to pop it to 100%.* the dlc bonus pack gives you nice weapon and outfit and fixt a black screen bug for me.*If your a collector of AC then buy it, if you expect something in the range of AC I/II/III/IV you can be disapointed wait for a sale to buy it.* If your a multiplayer well not allot of people will be on the multiplayer on this one*like all AC games its trough UPLAY you need to make account (or use existing one)so my reviewThe first hour in the game I really regret buying it but hang in there it gets allot better.It's not so elaborated like the bigger assassins creed games and its a port from the ps vita but the HD remake is pretty good port. I still played around 70h to complete it all to 100% and almost all achievements except 1 or 2I like you play as a female for once and like the 3 diffrent outfits slave, lady, assassin if gives more volume to the game.The story isn't bad but it isn't great either if you compared it to the other AC titles as a stand alone game its a good story.Think my biggest problem is I'm a hardcore AC fan playing since the first one came out and this one dousn't fit that well in the serie, as a stand alone game its a good game, nice graphs, nice combat with some great kill serie moves, decent story, bit low amount of sidemissions maybe some generating side missions would have been nice definitly as making money is hard almost only possible by sending trade shipsdon't wast your money early game except for shops and dressing rooms, with the hd bonus pack you got great weapons. send your ships as soon as possible buy all 8 to max your trade potential it take a while to come up with enough money for all +500.000 coins to buy everything.The world is allot smaller too then in the other once and you will be running allot from one side to other and can be anoying with the lady persona as she can't jump and theres allot of dead ends.so think in the end If you just want to play a decent rpg game or your a collector buy it you won't regret it.If you expect something allot like the other big AC titles I would stay clear of this one.if you need some help with the game just add me as friend and ask if you don't like reading trough forums to find some usefull intell ;) (Dutch and English)"
76561197975164567,Recommended,260210,14864638,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Uncle Gus,"Really impressed with the port, and the effort they put into reworking the game for the PC.And it looks amazing and plays well on a larger screen. Much better than straining your vision on the PS Vita."
,Recommended,260210,14894990,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,westernbob1,Really fun and has a nice story i would recommend getting it when its on sale no when its full price
,Not Recommended,260210,14100585,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Korvo,"Not even Aveline saves the game, the worst AC ever!"
76561198099660674,Recommended,260210,13728400,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sandi,"I loved this game so much. It was my first Assassin's Creed game, so I had no idea what the Animus was. In that sense, I was totally lost. I loved the female protagonist, and the story line was great. The par coeur action was incredibly fun to play. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,260210,13150701,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,sexy legs c0ach,"assassin's creed liberation was the first assassin's creed game i ever played (and am still playing) and it was phenomenal. the storyline is excellent, the characters are interesting, and the music is just spectacular. it may have it's own set of problems, but doesn't just about every console to pc port? especially since liberation was released for the playstation vita of all consoles. liberation is a gem that is often overlooked, and that's really quite unfortunate.i have already recommended this game to others, and i will continue to do so into the foreseeable future, it's just that good."
,Recommended,260210,11045122,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Shadow,Not a bad game. The first time playing it and changing wardrobe my character came out missing all her body except her face and the game lagged and eventually I had to suth it down before it crashed. The story was a bit blant at times and finding Citizen E was a pain sometimes. The ending was nice though; the first ending not the 'real' ending that ERUDITO shows. Even though I couldn't feel the life of this version much and I rushed through it a bit (something I never usually do in the AC Franchise) I think I will rate it a 6.5-7.0 from 10.0.
76561198116679678,Recommended,260210,11073595,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Enic,I loved this game!
,Recommended,260210,11191478,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,nibriddan,"If you are an assassin's creed fan then you will have already brought this game, if you havent? Its an assassin's creed game, not much has changed. Needs some optimization"
,Recommended,260210,11444724,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"And now, my Assassin's Creed gaming spree stops at AC Liberation HD since this one is not a revisit! So what's to say about this game, that was made as a Portable version (PlayStation Vita) and then ported towards XB360, PS3 and then PC?Well first of all, you won't miss much, in fact, at all if you don't play this game. It doesn't add much in the storyline of the AC plot and in that area alone, it was very lacking. Secondly, the gameplay mechanics, albeit being very similar to previous AC games, was very clunky and unresponsive very often. Maybe a strange transition from PS Vita to PC? What's very annoying with the clunky controls is especially on The Bayou area, where tight controls are a must, but still feels laggish (and I played this game with the XBONE Controller).Aside from those gripes, the main character, Aveline de Grandpré, is an interesting character. Her abilities are, again, similar to previous AC protagonists. The only notable variation is the ""persona system (lady, assassin, slave)"", where you change clothes and ""impersonate"" one of the three roles, mainly used for secondary missions. This persona system adds a new dynamic in the game but most of the time, it is just annoying to switch roles and especially that this game has so little if not fast travel system.PROS:+Cool main character and I gotta admit, Aveline de Grandpré is way more interesting than AC 3 Connor! Just sad she was under developed in Liberation.+Decent story but it lacks depth though.+New Orleans area is fun to explore.+For a portable game ported to PC, the graphics and visuals are very decent... mostly!+Aveline and Connor doing a mission together... sadly, it doesn't last long.CONS:-Even if good looking, AC Liberation has lots of inconsistent graphical glitches, faulty draw distance (enemies popping right in front of you when running).-Must be the weakest soundtrack of all AC games... it is excellent for sleeping use though!-NPCS are very forgettable.-Boring missions (same old investigate here and there and tail this guy, don't be seen... ohh, you missed an objective! There, a big red cross on that pointless optional objective from that checklist! At times, these optional objectives don't even appear at a mission start. You are only reminded that they're present when you either fail the mission completely or a optional objective. Clearly, I really hated this integration in AC: Revelations and I'm quite irritated that it is still being used in further AC games... ).-Persona system (each has different abilities and restrictions... and the restrictions are often the cause of frustration!).-Not enough fast travel system.-The Bayou area is a real B*I*T*C*H* to navigate.-Gaining money in this game can be tedious for a while until the trading system opens up more ports for your ships.-Limited replay value. Unless you seek 100% achievements? Still, this ain't a game that you will replay someday. I had invested lots of playtime in this game (22 hours) since I did wanted to explore the most I could and wanted until I finished the main story and many side-missions) but honestly, you can finish this game under 10 hours of playtime!OVERALL:If you haven't played the Vita version, well now's your chance to pick Liberation up and give it a shot. Although, do it only when the game is on sale! I'm having mixed feelings on this game and clearly, this game has a lot more CONS than PROS and it is hard to recommend such a weak game.RECOMMENDATION:For Assassin's Creed fans only. This is clearly not the game to start the AC franchise so if you haven't played any AC games before, skip this one and do your homework and backtrack to the main AC games!But if you're an AC fan like I am, you should definately give this game a shotRATING:6.0 / 10And now, AC 4: Black Flag... here I come! AArrrrrrr!"
,Recommended,260210,11684107,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,ParanorMole,"When I first found out about Liberation, I was upset that it wasn't going to be available on anything but the PS Vita. Now that it's out on other platforms I'm even more convinced it should have been released like this at the start. Liberation is a great addition to the franchise. Aveline's story is great and compelling and pretty nifty how it ties in with Assassin's Creed 3. I believe it should be considered a part of the series among the rest, not just an add-on."
76561198004651403,Recommended,260210,11605732,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Grand Master Cat ±PGD*±,"For the most part, I like AC Liberation.  I really like the storyline, which is the main thing for me.  It's really complex, more than just going about in a straightforward way.  However, the gameplay itself isn't the best.  I know this was originally made for a PS Vita game so the standards will have to be a lower.  I've seen a few glitches in movement, but doesn't really affect the game that much.  My biggest gripe is the controls.  I can run through roofs and treetops fine, but I don't like how the game shoots long range weapons.  I liked the way it was done in AC3 when you could just aim with Q and let go to fire.  Here, I have to click F to focus on the person, aim at the target, and do some Q tap or double tap to execute the movement.  It just about never cooperates with me the first time I want it done.  Fortunately, a lot of the times I want to use darts, the target has not discovered me so I could take my time trying to shoot them.  The other thing I didn't like is the alligator fighting combat.  There's never enough time for me to see and press the button to kill it.  I had better luck in AC3 so in that game, fighting wolves was a piece of cake.  The only way I made it through the first alligator killing mission was to spam every possible key they could ask of me, which I spent 20 minutes on.Overall, I like Liberation.  I don't know if those are actual historical people she killed, since I haven't checked yet, but the process Aveline used to find each target was very logical, not unreasonably sudden.  The business sending goods overseas was a nice touch, a break from the usual sending Assassins to secure areas from Templar influence."
,Recommended,260210,12080318,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Pranxtor,"Finally, a game that allows me to be a kick♥♥♥♥♥female assassin. While I loved playing as Ezio, it is nice to be able to see a different perspective from under the assassin hood. I had a few issues with the voice acting during cutscenes, but was overall impressed with this port. The story was interesting and the persona mechcanic was really cool. looking forward to seeing more female assassins and more engrossing stories from Ubisoft."
76561198031793698,Recommended,260210,12185079,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,crafteone23,i didnt like this 1 as much as assasins creed 3 but its still a good game just kinda short .beat this in 3 days whereas i beat assasins creed 3 in 5 days.but i THANK GOD  this didnt have the 40 min of credits like assasins creed 3 lol
,Recommended,260210,12174798,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,m4rgin4l,"Although this is just supposed to be a non-main AC game that ties into ACIII, I think it can hold its own. Aveline is a far more interesting character than Connor (Which they couldn't have made him more insipid if they tried). The core game mechanics are what you expect from an AC game, the graphics are decent for an HD port and the best thing of all: no freaking eavesdropping missions."
76561198114150214,Recommended,260210,11268955,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,your entire asshole,It would be nice if it ran on Mac's is all I'm saying.
,Recommended,260210,11366237,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,mrmajenta,"so this game gets off to a shaky start narrative-wise. they tried to up the mystery by not revealing key details about the main character, which makes abstergo seem devious, but it made Avaline really flat, bland, and unrelatable at first. it's cool that they made a lady assassin who actually looked like a woman from a less progressive time period, rather than just a reskinned man, but they did the usual thing where tough girls are completely opposed to anything fun. she never had the moments of just messing around having a good time that Ezzio proved could be in an AC game. by the end of the game lots of my complaints were cleared up, but it really felt flat near the beginning.anyway, like i said, they executed her demographic representation pretty well, not just through story, but also mechanics. the personas (assassin, lady, and slave) added a lot of depth to gameplay and playstyle, especially in conjunction with the muskets and pistols, which deterred me from my usual AC tomfoolery.basically long story short, worth playing, the ending got a great emotional reaction from me, could have used some better narrative, but i never regretted buying it."
,Recommended,260210,11386712,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MythrilMagician,"Short, play as a female assassin, meet Connor Kenway. What more do you want?"
,Not Recommended,260210,8730942,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Tim Crap,Discount AC3. Nothing really good there.Worst Part: I think this is what feminists want AC to become.
76561198036266619,Not Recommended,260210,20898374,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,SentientKeeper,"Quite possibly the least fun game in the entire AC series up to this point.Is it the inferior graphics? The poor writing? The buggy programming?Whatever it is, Ubisoft is just going through the motions at this point.No love has been put into this game, and the result is a bore."
,Not Recommended,260210,21015134,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,マンコ,"short, doesn't make sensewow"
,Not Recommended,260210,21023541,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Wizarda,"I've been playing the game on and off for over a year. Every time I start playing it I just wanted to get it over with. I find the story to be more boring than the one in Assassin's Creed III. The whip was one of the things I really liked along with the trading/economy mechanic. Other than that didn't like it a lot. I pushed through just to get to the end and finish with the story, wont be coming back to collect the stuff I've missed."
,Recommended,260210,17903262,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sepia_Knight,"A short and fun game with few flaws, Liberation is one of the most enjoyable entries in the AC series and well worth playing.The lead character, Aveline, is written and performed well. The plot is interesting, but the storytelling is at times weak. Interesting and relevant parts of Aveline's life (such as why and how she became an Assassin) are not covered in any detail. Unlike earlier games in the series, I sometimes ended up killing a large number of people purely because it was the objective, without really knowing why. I didn't connect as emotionally with the story as I did in ACII and Brotherhood.The voice acting was generally strong, but a few of the minor characters were a little overdone. The soundtrack is brilliant and well worth listening to on its own.A couple of the bosses (first swamp boss and tower) were pretty tough if you tried to kill them using conventional means, but all were entirely trivial if using a smoke bomb or a chain kill.I'd reccomend this game if you like the AC series, but not as an introduction to it."
76561197981294625,Recommended,260210,15763357,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,.:SocraM:.,"Maybe I am biased in writing this review, being a big fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise.But I really believe this is a truly fun game to play, even for someone who ""accidentally"" stumbles upon this game, never having played an earlier iteration of the game.It takes about 20 hours to complete the game with 100% syncronization, which is more than adequate for the price required.The graphics are better than would be expected for a Vita port.The ambience is not so engaging as previous games, due to the game being a conversion from the console, and the music is quite repetitive.Still, as stated above, it is fun to play and it is a fine addition to your library of games."
,Not Recommended,260210,24711805,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Syndicate_,I love the ac franchise. But i would only recommend this game if you're a die hard fan (i am)The story is just awfull. It has it's moment but overall it just sucks. You get thrown into some swamp wich i really want to love! But i just can't. It's so boring. New Orleans is very small. And i just quit playing because i just didn't want to play anymore. The combat is still nice. The free running mechanics are. The persona mechanic should be deleted! It's so annoying.verdict: Only buy this if you're a hardocre fan of ac!
,Recommended,260210,30773609,Posted: 27 March,all,invizi,"I guess it's a good thing that the developers finally realised that walking around all in white and red wearing the insignia of your top secret assassin order as a giant belt buckle was not the stealthiest way to go about things. But you have to change clothes so many times that the game feels like little more than a Barbie dress up game. It's like the game doesn't just involve changing clothes as a mechanic, that's what the game is about.The dialogues are awful, the flirting dialogues doubly so, I wonder if whoever wrote them has actually ever flirted with someone because it feels like they learned about it from a children's cartoon. Also somehow just because the character's female everyone's willing to spill up their secrets after being flirted with for two and a half seconds.The slave outfit looks too stylish, she looks more like a hippie college pagan than a slave when all the real slaves are in actual tattered rags. It's just the entire point of the slave outfit is that she gets to blend in, which she doesn't. So really it's back to AC2 where we would pretend that a guy in full assassin uniform surrounded by four escorts was ""blending"".It's almost impossible to kill the alligators, I don't know if it's because the game was ported and the controls aren't responding quickly enough but it's just really difficult to perform a randomly assigned combination of keys every time, in the speed that the keys show up on the screen.""Restart checkpoint"" doesn't exist and is sorely missed.The ""lady persona"" can swim when she falls into water (in a dress that looks like it would get VERY heavy when soaked) but she can't climb back up. Climbing buildings is one thing, but she can't even hoist herself out of the water. It would be more realistic if some of the people watching came to her rescue or something at least.Your notoriety increases for no reason at all, and it's a hassle to walk around the map chasing posters to tear down.I did like the design of the memory corridor/loading screen. I also like how fast and fluid the parkour is. The wetlands were cool even though I prefer city parkour."
,Not Recommended,260210,14981806,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cloudero,cant even play
76561198052965201,Recommended,260210,28366059,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Derrick Rifkin,"NOTE: expect the usual AC-Ubisoft BS, if you can't handle that, DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAMEGame Mechanics:It's an Assassin's Creed game, it's got every game mechanics you've gotten used to in the previous ones. It does add a little variety by allowing you to switch between 3 different personas (with no real use except for persona-specific missions and collectibles), each with a slightly tweaked playstyle. On top of that it adds the exotic, game-breaking sport of land swimming; the comic relief of twitchy corpse physics; the inscrutable delights of broken cinematics; disappearing character models; the rushing sensation fo falling through the world; inescapable canoes; the return of jerky and wonky tree-based freerunning; and instant-death, nearly-impossible to predict alligator attacks in the water.Plot:The plot is pretty decent, mostly because I tend to forget what the hell is actually going on after doing all the available side stuff (which for some reason doesn't always register for your achievements by the way). There's a half-decent twist at the end, so long as you don't read the massive spoiler you get by reading the redacted Database entries after doing some Citizen E-missions (seriously, didn't ANYONE catch that during development?).Presentation:I've fallen through the world only once, but regularly found myself climbing vertically up 45 degree angle slopes; seen people move in an escalator-like trajectory through thin air; witnessed rats scurry off several meters above the water as if they had mini-jetpacks; had to restart the game a couple of times because my character decided it was still swimming, even though I'd left the water for 30 seconds; so yeah, it's usual Assassin's Creed Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Disregarding that most of the alternate outfits are just recolours, though the unlockable Assassin costume is pretty cool (but completely wrecks any and all cut-scenes in which you wear it).Completion:The completion is pretty alright for this game, just collect the McGuffins (mushrooms, coins, brooches, voodoo dolls and more!) and follow the set guidelines for full synch. Then if you're lucky maybe the game won't bug out (like it did for me when clearing out the enemy camps in the bayou) or fail to register the missions you've done (like my Free Slaves and Ship Crew ones)."
76561197967065436,Recommended,260210,28398344,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Canadianmonster,"The recommend I have is if you've played most other Assassin games at this point, as the 60-70% rating Liberation has from many rating sites is fair in my opinion. The graphics are 'HD' in that they are better than when they were on the hand-held playstation vita, however the improvement simply appears to have been to smooth out the game so it doesn't look blocky with a larger screen size. I'd put the graphics some where around assassin creed 1 and 2, which you can see in the one and only mission involving Connor from Assassin Creed 3, where you can clearly see the lower graphics on him.The positives is that it has the same satisfactoy Assassin combat, but is missing in-game conviences such as the lack of maps within certain areas, and the absences of purchasable collectaible items. Overall as said it has earned a 60-70% rating simply for the fact that it is an Assassin game and the price helps makes up for its short comings, so go in expecting not everything to have the polish or touch of detail you'd expect in main platform Assassin Games."
76561198151225506,Recommended,260210,28099823,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Apocalypto_ch,Even though the game might be looking weaker than the pervious assassin's. Still it's worth to play through the story.
,Recommended,260210,27940365,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BratmanDu,"Not bad for a port. Had some framerate and sync issues, one of the better AC games, a little more ground based in the main city, makes the world a bit more 'close' than mainline AC games. Like u kind of learn streets at ground level rather than landmarks whilst on rooftops."
,Recommended,260210,31113229,Posted: 13 April,all,PinkFluffyUnicorn,Is the worst assassin's creed part i had play.
,Recommended,260210,29631264,Posted: 1 February,all,General,Good persona feature. Weak storyline and character evolution.6/10
,Recommended,260210,31945509,Posted: 24 May,all,muppet hitler (Muppers),its an ok game... too bad upay locked me out of the game cause i forgot my password
,Recommended,260210,29130030,Posted: 8 January,all,TastyGrue,"This is a short AC game (For me, it took about 18 hours). That said, what it does is done well.For people who've played other AC games:It is much more stealth focused than the other AC games and has less attention towards combat. This is largely done through the persona system, essentially three identities to build and reduce notoriety on. While recruitment of assassins is done away with, I personally didn't notice the absence of it. The engine feels like that of AC:3, allowing for climbing of trees and less micromanagement. However, on PC it runs much better. Honestly, I feel like this is the kind of game that the creators of AC:3 wanted to make, but failed to produce. The fast travel is limited, with single-destination portals at the edges of the map, to the three locations in the game: the bayou, New Orleans, and Chichen Itza. As always, there are collectibles and side-quests, although the side-quests are slightly lacking. There is little coverage of the ""present-day"" story.For everyoneThe narrative was well done. There's a good connection between the mechanics and the story. AC:Liberation goes over topics like racism and slavery, and the roles of women in the 18th century, but not overtly. None of the characters feel like charicatures or two-dimensional. It's a decent introduction to the AC genre, but I'd definitely reccommend AC:2 or AC:4 over this for that purpose."
76561198145604972,Recommended,260210,28877848,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,loader963,Better than 3 I reckon.
76561198064153655,Recommended,260210,31204980,Posted: 17 April,all,KarliN,"Well, this is obviously outter story of the series but even for that I can only say, ""Huh?!?!"" However I wanted to finish it so I'm going to put my thumbs up.+) Loot is as fast as III.+) Loot amount gives the looting actual meaning.+) Before III there were this thing called renovating. It was one of the content in Assassin's Creed that I liked. Here it has come back in a much more light form. Shame it's also ineffective than before but I still enjoyed it.+) Treasure boxes were easy to find and they were very effective means of looting. Not like Revelations and III. There chests became a joke, especially III.+) Bribe system was incredibly developed. One bribe would solve the notoriety problem. You just need to pay more as your gage goes high.+) No severe twitches. I could see tiny twitches here and there sometimes but I wouldn't mind. This one is obviously off series kind of game so I can relate to some tiny tiny little technical issues.+) Shopping became effective just like previous series, series before III. They also added good motion that came from III: going into the shop. Here you go into the shop and then the shop menu just pops up. YOu don't need to go in and then wait for the shop to load and then walk towards the owner and interact with him and wait for the menu.+-) Much more effective parkour until you start this race mission. Then it gets back to irritting parkour that makes you speak out vulgar languages that you never thought you would. This horrible game making made me spit this horrible H word to Aveline, the character taht I play! I hate the person who created this race mission and all those agitating moments that follows afterwards.+-) Battle was smooth and thrilling. It actually made you feel like you're playing a character that has gotten this special training of Assassin but only until this race quest. After that the battles become frustrating and all. Enemies block almost every single attack you give them, even space and counters, they don't die easily all of a sudden as well. It was so irritating.+-) It was powerfully story focused but ever since that richid racing quest everything started to fall apart. The story also got really screwd up. It didn't make any sense and it was idiotic. Characters were shallow as well.+-) They didn't put too much side quests which was there major problem since they butchered the main story because of that: stupid, but they still messed up the main quest story so back to square -1.+-) When you wonder too long it shows you tutorial to solve that place but not when it's really needed. There is this one side quest where what you need to find is out of the search area. It was really irritating since it made me waste quite some time for just a side quest.-) Leg tripping still didn't work properly. There were times in which I had to trip enemies twice in order to make them fall down.-) The most horrible part of this game was the personality of men. I mean what kind of men have you met in your life? Is it just that you hate men? It was so disturbing to see every men in this character act weaker and smaller than women. Not just in the outside but inside as well. This was just insulting. F*ck you. Seriously. You deserve it."
76561198145996227,Recommended,260210,31637481,Posted: 8 May,all,Lukalus,"It has its moments, but it's not the greatest Assassin's Creed game there is. I'd say it's worth the $20.00 though! You can have a decent amount of fun with this game."
76561198156551756,Recommended,260210,31762446,Posted: 14 May,all,sproket8,"It is a different way point of view of an assassin's creed game, the game is worth.Es un assassin's creed muy diferente a los demás, el juego vale la pena."
76561198134050369,Recommended,260210,31345180,Posted: 24 April,all,petertheotter,"I loved this game when I played it on PS Vita, so I expected a lot about this one for th High Definition. I don't regret it. I like the fact that the protagonist of the game is a woman and I find her more expressive than the others protagonists of the AC games."
