user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,260570,9706231,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Raven,"One of the best adventure games i have played, and I’ve played a lot of them.The story is really great and keeps you playing. Characters are deep and well though-out.The Music is phenomenal, very climatic and gives really a lot to the game. One of the best soundtracks I’ve listened to.If you like old-school adventure games this is your jam (and who am I kidding. If you like the genre you probably played it a ton already)"
76561198011942888,Recommended,260570,9709238,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Pothros,"This adventure game signed the legendary Jane Jensen (Gabriel Knight series) was Jane's first since parting ways with Sierra. It had a long and troubled development over many years but the end result is VERY good. And now it's finally avalible on Steam.Weaving one of her signature stories that blends the paranormal with the contemporary, in this case neurobiology and the unused potential in the human mind. When street magician Samantha ""Sam"" Everett gets waylaid by a broken motorcycle on her way to London and in need of shelter and money decides to pose as the new assisstant for the reclusive neurobiology researcher Dr. David Styles in his gothic mansion outside Oxford. Pretty soon strange events are afoot and you play as both Samantha and Dr. Styles to try and get to the bottom of it.The game offers interesting puzzles of varying difficulty, especially when Sam has to use her street magic to manipulate people and objects to progress. The soundtrack by Robert Holmes is gothic and hauntingly beautiful, especially the songs by The Scarlet Furies.  They really helps to set the mood of the story.If adventure games and good stories are your thing, this one is an instant buy. I don't think you'll regret it."
,Recommended,260570,20588063,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Faudraline,"Brightened eyes, my secrets lie not far awayHis medals and his badges are all dull by dayMany have I an answered plea, my general now I'll often seeHe comes at dawn, out on the lawn, in quiet stepsWith darkened eyes and wounds that bled, have pillow for his weary headHe lays his body down to rest, among the dogs and gathered nest*During the earlier years of my adventure gaming career, I had the chance of playingGabriel Knightseries; a masterpiece of the adventure genre. I was stunned by the narrative quality, atmosphere design and character depth; yearning for more as it comes. Sadly, after the third game, there was radio silence from the creator of Gabriel: Jane Jensen, the novelist and game designer extraordinaire. After years of suffering that silence, Jane Jensen returns to createGray Matter, a wondrous stand-alone adventure game with a captivating world of its own: a modern folktale.During a hellish storm in the middle of the night, riding on an old motorbike towards London, we meet Samantha Everett. She is a brilliant young woman who's been on the road for quite a while, travelling the cities of Old World, collecting tricks and illusions, aspiring to become a great magician one day. As the fickle finger of fate turns the road sign during the storm, Samantha ends in Dread Hill House, an old mansion that resides on the south of Thames Valley, Oxford. The accursed bike gets busted, and without much hope for any other shelter for the night, Samantha rings the doorbell and introduces herself as the new ""assistant"" that Dr. David Styles, world renowned neurobiologist and the master of the household's been expecting for. From that point onwards Samantha will find herself in a web of mystery, distrust and intrigue, building lies big and small to protect David, as David will become frustratingly trapped within the events of old that's been haunting him. Is there a light at the end of this tunnel for them?Gray Matteris a story of mystery with incredible character design and story depth, melting science and magic within the same pot as an expertise of Jane Jensen. There is a vague two-ways transition between the real and the illusory in the tale, making you question what would be mere trickery, what would be rationally explainable and what would be... actual magic, perhaps. Such masquerade is the direct subtext of the name of the game, aside a component of the central nervous system if you ask me. We have no idea what it is, or better: we have many ideas without solid answers. Such is the beauty settled in this mystery.The display of anecdotes borrowed from folktales and mythologies of the world brought together to present a lovely environment design, illustrated with a selection of haughtily beautiful artwork. The places reimagined within the game carry real life ties and authenticity, bringing in wondrous historical details to your attention in every turn. Characters are unique, charming and quirky in their own way - and with marvelous voice acting, I must say - making you warm up to them faster than you'd realize. At the end of the first chapter, I guarantee that you'll get captivated by the story, the design and characters, pushing yourself to see more of them.The gameplay is basically your old school adventure. You explore the environment and interact with people, locations and items. But I must warn you: there is no hand holding. You will encounter riddles, puzzles and logic tricks, expecting you to think outside of the box. When you are playing this game, keep in mind the kind of relative reality used inAlice in WonderlandandThrough the Looking Glassby Lewis Carroll. The simplest answer, hidden behind a heavy curtain of misdirection will always be your friend. As Sam being a magician, you will sometimes be expected to pull of magic tricks to bend the events towards your favor. For that purpose, you'll be given a magic interface for you to plan the steps of your trick. You will also be given the opportunity to play as David from time to time, learning more about him as you play. The map is fully interactive with action indicators and there are also some bonus actions you may take in each chapter to reveal a bit more as you play.Gray Matteris an adventure game done right: challenging, intriguing, empathic and immersive. My only complaint would be that there are no Steam achievements yet. But there really is a suitable substructure of the game for achievements already, so I hope we can see them here around one of these days. This is a hidden gem that both adventure gamers, and anyone with an appreciation for either art or narrative building would love.Because he's safe in arms now, what luck have I that I should seeSafe in arms now, my bloody boy returned to meFrom Jericho back home to me...**Lyrics by The Scarlet Furies - Safe In Arms, from Gray Matter the Game soundtrackPlease also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,260570,14614407,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,educated_monkey,"This game has been an absolute delight to play. I must say I am a fan of the adventure-type, point-and-click and puzzle genre, but this one has blown me away. The story is gripping and very immersive, the characters are well thought out and the magic tricks Sam can do to distract people are just brilliant. I started playing and couldn't stop after that and finished the game in one go (depriving me of sleep, but so worth it!).If you are a fan of the puzzle/point-and-click/adventure game, this is a definite must-have.I really hope they will make a sequel to this game."
,Recommended,260570,17073032,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,echoness,"Now where do I begin this review... I personally very much like this game.Pros:- Interesting character development- Engaging story- Good voice acting- Gorgeous ambient soundtrack- Beautiful environment models- Interesting but not so hard puzzleCons:- Puzzles and storyline are not so related to each other. You have to go one place to another, back and forth to find a small piece of cutscenes or dialogs. Since this game is slow paced, most of the time you just walk, walk and walk.Fans of adventure games please be sure to grab this game."
,Recommended,260570,12436845,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Andrew 林,"Strange things are happening in Oxford, England. Someone appears to be playing dangerous pranks on people but witnesses are baffled as to how they are done and nobody knows who the culprit is. You play as Samantha Everett, a skeptical magician who has decided to get to the bottom of it. Also trying to solve the mystery is Dr. David Styles, a reclusive  neuroscientist who is conducting experiments on psychic phenomena.The story is well-written and I got hooked in early. I managed to complete the game's 8 chapters within a few days, which is quite rare for me when it comes to point-and-click adventure games. Though I'm not surprised since the story was written by Jane Jensen, the same writer for the 90s Gabriel Knight adventure games.The game features lovely pre-rendered artwork (very wallpaper worthy). In fact I loved discovering new locations just to see what pretty artwork the game's artists had created.The soundtrack was composed by Robert Holmes, the same composer for the Gabriel Knight games, and it really helped immerse me into the  the gothic environments within the game.I'd recommend this game to fans of point-and-click adventure games, especially those who enjoyed the earlier Gabriel Knight games.One thing to note is that you need to Restart your PC if you're using Windows 8+ after installing. Otherwise the game will not be installed properly and run very, very slowly!"
76561198144593917,Recommended,260570,20314270,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"I'm on the fence about this game, but in the end I'd recommend it (weakly). I think the devs did a nice job overall, though the game does have some flaws. In particular, I think they did a nice job of steering away from the standard genre cliches and doing something different in terms of characters, plot, setting, etc.Pros:+ Excellent story. Fairly unique plot. Good pacing. Kept me engaged throughout. The story alone is enough reason to play, at the end of the day.+ Good characters. Chatacters were distinct, and were not simply the standard cliches you see in every other game.+ Several pretty innovative elements (both in terms of story and gameplay). Most notably, the main character is a stage magician and is able to do magic tricks to solve certain puzzles. (This mechanic is not very well done, but still nice to see something fresh.)Cons:- The game is unreasonable in terms of expecting you to do very, very specific things at certain points in the game. At several times, I got 99% of the way through a chapter only to get stuck on a single action because I didn't do something very small (like look at something or go back to an area I had already searched). As a result, I had to consult a walkthrough several times. In each case I was very annoyed at the ""solution.""- I appreciate that the cutscene artwork in the game is unique and different, but it is not very effective at conveying what is actually happening. Some of the cutscenes can be pretty confusing in terms of following what is actually going on."
76561198099216008,Recommended,260570,10848409,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Laura Blues,"I have played as many adventure / point-and-click games as I could get my hands to in this life and this is definitely one of my favorites. The truth is that it doesn't really have challenging puzzles at all; they are all pretty simple and even I could say lame. However, I loved it, for the following reasons:- The artwork. It seduced me from the very beginning. The videos seem to be a sequence of oil paintings, beautifully done, starting with the protagonist. The whole atmosphere is a work of art.- The story. It was cool and original, even though it had a couple of cheesy moments.If I heard Dr. Styles saying ""Laura"" one more time, I would have snapped, and it is my name!- The music! I want the soundtrack!- The lack of illogical ""inventory-based puzzles"", which is usual in adventure games and forces you to pixel-hunt the entire screen, looking for items that make no sense, until you need to combine a baby rattle with a crystal glass and pepper spray to open a door. Not here. Even though it could have used more challenging puzzles overall, I am glad that the usual nonsense of other games wasn't present here.- Well, I guess this is kind of a spoiler...Including magic tricks was, for me, very cool.Now, on the downside, besides the lack of challenging puzzles I could mention that the story, cool as I found it, has a couple of ""holes"". There were, particularly close to the end, a couple of things that didn't make any sense and that weren't explained. But, in general, I loved this game and I strongly recommend it to anyone who enjoys artistic / story-based adventure games."
,Recommended,260570,9738393,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Modig,"I own all Gabriel Knight games as well as the books and I'm so glad this game is finally available on steam.I have finished this game before but I didn't hesitate one second to buy it when I saw it on the frontpage of the steam store.When I was younger I got a demo of one of the Gabriel Knight games from a PC magazine I had a subscription to and played it over and over and a few years later It hit me that I had to get the games I discovered when I was younger since they have always been in the back of my mind.Gray Matter brings back all the feelings from the early point and click games, and it truly is one of the best of its genre.If you are interested in puzzle solving adventures with great storylines this really is a game for you and for its price it would be foolish not to give it a go."
76561197984468975,Recommended,260570,32269073,Posted: 8 June,all,Sinmenon,"The long-waited Jane Jensen game, that many wished it was a Gabriel Knight 4. It isn’t, and it is a good thing: Gray Matter is its own game with its own merits. Despite its troubled development, it is one solid title: the story is the game’s strong suit, as expected. The characters are likable and with their own motivations and despite getting close to stereotypes, they manage to avoid it. The background are a little on the static side, but they are gorgeous and do have bits of animation here and there. The music, composed by Robert Holmes as usual (Jane’s husband by the way) is moody and quiet, and there are some lovely pieces like David’s theme that are just a delight. The game isn’t without flaws, but again even the oh-so-great Gabriel Knight games were: sometimes the story comes to a halt and you need to have the initiative; the magic interface is completely unnecessary and there aren’t even animated; and the Daedalus Club area is a pain to navigate. Other than that, all puzzles aren’t too absurd to figure out.td;dr: great story, fun game. shower fanservice."
,Recommended,260570,17718955,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,susiesmith13,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I wasn't a big fan of the magic tricks, but the way they are done makes them pretty easy to accomplish with little headache so they didn't detract from gameplay. The story was engrossing and surprising. I didn't love Sam, but she was somewhat likable. She was a bit annoying at times, but that was mostly her acting like a teenager who thinks she knows more than she does so it's forgivable. I found Dr. Styles very likable for someone obsessed with his dead wife.The game overall was great. I found some of it impossible to get through without a walkthrough because clues on what to do next were either too hard to figure out or non-existent, but if you don't mind using a walkthrough this game is worth it."
,Recommended,260570,13699471,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Geve,"Gray Matter was a really enjoyable game for how cheap it was - I was so surprised! The voice acting is really well done, the character development is good and every character is unique in their own way, the puzzles can be challenging but in a fun way; they keep you engaged. The story is also really good, especially if you have an interest in the supernatural and the mysteries thereof.It's longer than most puzzle games - atleast 15+ hours. It has some awesome easter eggs in the game, as well as recreating  the area of Oxford in very good detail! For the price steam is asking, there is no reason you shouldn't pick up this game if you like puzzles adventures. It was really well done, and I would play it again."
,Recommended,260570,15280234,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,clint,"A solid adventure with quite an interesting protagonist. Fans of Jane Jensen's earlier games (Gabriel Knight, i.e.) should take a look. I enjoyed playing it, although I've been highly annoyed by the final part of the game. It felt like a dumb treadmill, with puzzles being pretty much unrelated to the rest of the game /narrativ. The game wouldn't have needed that artifical time stretcher, quite the contrary.If you're searching for a decent, albeit somewhat old fashioned adventure, go get it. Just don't expect to be blown away by cinematics or eye candy effects."
,Recommended,260570,32900293,Posted: 27 June,all,VickySeven,Lovely third person pont and click!The magician  tricks are very characteristic and fun to play
,Recommended,260570,11676661,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Sweet Dee,"It's hard to explain how this game totally pulls you into its world in the way that only classic adventure games can. Its strengths are beautiful backgrounds and objects, well-developed characters, and a great mystery story that keeps you guessing until the very end. There aren't many puzzles that will stump you; the focus is on exploring this fictional Oxford and discovering the next part of the story. Sam, the protagonist, can use magic tricks to manipulate people, but this mechanic doesn't let you be as creative as I first imagined; you just choose tricks from a book and execute them according to the instructions. Still, it's a nice way to continue the themes of the game--illusion, deception, and magic--into the point-and-click gameplay.Now that I've finished the game, I find myself really missing the atmosphere and the characters. (FYI, one character is a bit of a ""funny Jewish guy"" stereotype, and the main romance in the game isn't developed at all, but these are small complaints.) The voice acting is solid; the soundtrack is great; the animations leave a bit to be desired, but the still art is fantastic. The game is broken up into chapters, and two chapters equal one in-game day: first you play in the morning as Sam, then in the afternoon as Dr. Styles, another neat feature.Overall, Gray Matter is definitely worth purchasing for anyone who likes the sound of adventure-game-meets-graphic-novel. It has some of the best writing of any modern game, and boasts a surprisingly complex plot that takes time to unravel. Lots of buried clues and rewards for an observant player. I was surprised to find that this game hasn't reached a more general audience, because it's fantastic. Both sad and funny at times (sometimes unintentionally funny), it's also a great experience to share with a friend.P.S. I ran into a bug where cutscenes at the end of the game kept repeating, but was able to choose ""skip scene"" in options to overcome this."
,Not Recommended,260570,13736460,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tailen,"Interesting premise, a mix of the supernatural and modern magician illusionists represented by two main protagonists who each try to figure out what reality is concerning some recurring mysterious events. However, one of the main protagonists feels like a Japanese anime supervillian, and there is not a single likeable character in the story. The story occasionally craps itself when the characters do something completely against their established personality, which makes it difficult to immerse yourself when you just can't understand why anyone acts like they do and eventually you just have to give up and observe everything at a distance, which is a shame.The game also commits the cardinal sin of objects you've already looked at suddenly changing function when you poke at something else somewhere else that magically furthers the story, without letting you know. Which means you're constantly running around rechecking every clickable thing you've already clicked, looking for the one thing that'll now allow you to continue.Gameplay is frustrating, but that's par for the course for most adventure games. Considering all the running around you have to do, it would have been nice if the running controls worked consistently. Sometimes you can double-click to run faster, but it doesn't always work and there's a big animation delay.I had massive performance problems with the game, as have a bunch of other people on the forums, but setting the game to WinXP SP2 Compatibility mode fixed it for me."
,Recommended,260570,19097539,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bob,"This is an excellent point and click adventure. It has a great story with interesting characters which is the key to point and click games. You play as two different characters, one of whom is convinced the events are due to paranormal activity and the other who is convinced it is due to a magician's illusions which really helps tell the story form the different perspectives. The puzzles are mostly straightforward, you just mainly need to go round and talk to everyone and look at everything to progress the story. There are a few convoluted puzzles but not too many. The length of the game is pretty good too for a point and click game. The locations are beautiful as is the cut scene art, only slightly marred by how the 3D models don't quite look like the characters do in the cut scenes. I also really liked the music there were a couple of times where I just sat and listend to the music for a bit in the menu before I started the game. All in all a pretty good game."
76561198066503554,Recommended,260570,28291025,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,44,"Gray Matter marked the return of Jane Jensen to the point and click adventure world.  I would mark the return as a success. Much better than her subsequent game, Moebius, but not in the same ballpark as the original Gabriel Knight.Gray Matter shows the same quality of research as we saw in the Gabriel Knight series, although not to the depths of Gabriel Knight 2.  Here we learn about magic and are shown about real, historical Oxford.  It's a pleasant atmosphere, with the tone and mystery of a gothic romance.  The story holds your interest, and the game introduces a number of archetypal characters that feel like a bit more than caricatures.  The music by Robert Holmes is fantastic and deserves special mention as well.The puzzles don't feel gratuitous, and the game strikes a nice balance in terms of difficulty (although the game definitely tends toward the easy side in comparison to the tougher Gabriel Knight).  My only complaint with the puzzles is that a good deal of travel is necessary to complete them- e.g. you can't take an object from a magic shop until your character realizes what they need the object, rinse and repeat.  I've seen some complaints about the ""magic system"", but I found it easy to follow and enjoyable.On the negative side, Gray Matter exists in that unhappy grey area of gaming- too much budget to make a 2d, hand-painted, low res point and click game (like the original Gabriel Knight), but not enough of a budget to actually work out the kinks of the interface.  The movement, the cutscene art, the inventory system- they're all clunky and just not all that great.  This is a large part that holds the game back from being a great adventure game.  The other issue is a lackluster ending- the story holds interest, but in the end there isn't a twist or any kind of ""big impact"" at the end.  The comparisons to Gabriel Knight 1 or 2 don't do this game any favors here.Final verdict: A successful effort by Jensen, with some very strong stuff here.  With the flaws in mind, however, it ends up being a ""good not great"" adventure."
76561198124831002,Recommended,260570,12581133,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,bbees.little.foot,"It was so nice to have found out about this game and played it through. It's been awhile since the true meaning of ""adventure game"" came out like this one. I understand why this game has been reciving such high reviews.I really liked the main character, Sam and her magic. It was really cool to actually perform some magic in the game too.The game starts off with somewhat unnerving movie, then sure enough, I, Sam had to go into that old looking mansion where creepy Professor Styles resides...Some of the puzzles were challenging, especially at the ""the game of life"". It was little confusing to me but I guess one will surely need to put on your thinking cap on here.If you are true fan of Adventure games, then this is it!"
,Recommended,260570,12921979,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,G.,Really solid 3rd person point and click. Great voices. Fairly lengthy. Completely worth it for fans of this genre =)
76561198079813485,Recommended,260570,9763789,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Sibyl,"Gray Matter is one of the best adventure games i've ever played.For me, it's an adventure game that does everything right.Designed by Jane Jensen, renowned game designer (Gabriel Knight), it has all these things that make this game truly a gem.Interesting and relatable characters, excellent storytelling, challenging puzzles.Gray Matter is a great game and it deserves our attention."
76561198121283302,Recommended,260570,23373899,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mizuki_hakurashi,"I absolutly enjoyed this game. I loved the idea of placing the object in certain positions in order to get them to play correctly when you trick your victims. The story line and artwork were beautiful and just left me wanting more. I highly recommend this game to those who love adventure, point-and-click, a bit of mystery and puzzles."
,Recommended,260570,11214733,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,RoyalWelsh,"From acclaimed adventure writer Jane Jenson of Gabriel Knight fame, comes her first point and click game since her Sierra days. It was worth the wait.You play as Sam Everett, a struggling yet talented young American magician, who seeks to join the mysterious Daedalus Club, an exclusive magicians’ society. On the way to London, her bike breaks down and she takes refuge in a beautiful gothic mansion, pretending to be an Oxford student sent to assist the mansion’s resident, Dr David Styles, a physically and emotionally scarred neurobiologist who is in deep mourning over the loss of his wife from a tragic accident.The game has eight chapters in which you will alternate between Sam and Dr Styles perspectives as they try to unravel the mysterious and spooky events that are going on in and around Oxford. The story is, for the most part, really interesting and the core mystery keeps you guessing. Unfortunately, the final chapter, while full of the more interesting puzzles that are on offer throughout the game, offers an unsatisfying and rushed conclusion that leaves several questions unanswered.The voice acting is well done, especially from the main protagonists Sam and Dr Styles. So too from the supporting characters with the exception of the bit part characters who are laughably bad.The gameplay is a classic point and click experience. You look for information and clues for the situation at hand and search for items that will later come in handy for solving a puzzle as well as talking to a host of colourful characters. The puzzles, for the most part, are logical and well tuned and, bar a few, overall not too complicated to solve. I felt the difficulty was just right and left me with a sense of satisfaction after having worked them out.Graphically the game is beautiful. The pre-rendered backgrounds make all the locations in the game gorgeous, the character models are not too shabby either being fairly detailed and the hand drawn animated cutscenes are just as attractive as the in game visuals.The music too, is beautiful, I cannot stop listening to the soundtrack. It fits in with the game's mysterious and haunting theme perfectly.Overall this is a wonderful point and click adventure and I highly recommend you play this, especially if you love adventure games."
,Recommended,260570,18018964,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Vif_songbird,"well, um. I was honestly surprised at this game. I didn't mean to get so involved, so mesmerized by the art and creativity of this whole game. It was... really enchanting."
,Recommended,260570,25391870,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,♠UnderD✪gGamerz♠,This game was suprisingly good. It have an excellent story which is better than any movie in cinema nowadays. The puzzles are  quite tough but you can get over it eventually. Excellent game overall.
76561198082975636,Recommended,260570,14111690,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,morgwenn,"Do you believe in Magic? Or is your mind so logic and scientific that tries to find a resonable explanation for everything? Do you believe Love will last even in the afterlife?Well, if the answer at one of those questions is yes, this is your game! You must have it in your library!In my opinion, it is one of the best adventure/point&click game I've ever played. I loved it and enjoyed every single moment, turn of events andtricks.Do I recommend it? Absolutely!One of the strong points of this game is the discovering of the development of its story step by step while you're playing it, so I will not given any drescription of it, just the few hints above, illustrating some of its topics, and a list of its pro&con.PRO:The plot is enticing, brilliant, original, well structured and developed. Itcasts a spell upon you so that you will be enthralled by it and held in its powerGraphics are well drawn and designed both for gameplay and cutscenesGameplay is perfectly built: there is an initial tutorial and whenever you bump into anew situationthe tutorial will show, explaing how to deal with it. When you move the cursor on top of the screen the inventory is showed (remember that objects can be combined in it); on the left corner there is an icon that works as main menu and there are two buttons: one with a series of horizontal lines that shows you the ""paragraphs"" of the chapter and your progress in each of them in percentage (it's very very useful! So you're able to figure immediately on which you must focus to get the story going on) and one with an asterisk that shows the map of the places you can visit. Clicking the spacebar shows the hotspots.The soundtracks are atmospheric and make you be involved deeply in the storyDialogues are well written just as the voices of the characters are well actedCON:I think a younger fresh voice for the main male character would have been more fitting, but it's just my opinionThe scripts and style of them are, in same case, blurred or tendig to overlie each otherIn summary, my rating of the game is9/10"
76561198067158754,Recommended,260570,13374325,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MiniKat,"For people who like point and click puzzle games and nice artwork to look at this is a really fun game. The storyline is interesting, although there are a couple of places wher eI felt the plot was forced along. I initially had trouble with the cut scene videos playing smoothly, but that evened out after a computer restart. In all honesty, this game was a 9 out of 10 for me."
76561198119071721,Recommended,260570,9758023,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,kibitz_21,"Great game, kinda slow, but prolongs the game. Music it great to, but repetitive. The game is hard as in not directly directing you in the right direction. Other than a few flaws it is play worthy."
76561198001632974,Not Recommended,260570,17748186,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ironymous Bosch,"I've played a fair few point and click adventure games and this ranks pretty low among them. The voice acting and dialogue is good and it would probably have made a good tv series or book but as a game it's really bad in almost every possible way.Most of the puzzles are pretty straightforward in the actual steps required to solve them, nothing gets mechanically more complicated than combining two items and using the result on another or typing in a code on a keypad. This can be seen as a good thing, you'll never get stuck trying to figure out what particular order to combine items in or stumbling through some complex order of inputs on a machine, but to cancel it out it's generally complete nonsense what puzzles you're actually supposed to be solving. Interactions with your environment is limited to one action per interactable environment object so you don't accidentally miss picking something up, but this is canceled out by having some random items equipped overwriting this one action (but not all items) creating moments where you have to use an item on a door but don't realize because the cursor only tells you to walk through it. You can hit space to make titles appear over every interactable ""if you get stuck"", but it's pretty much mandatory to have these on all the time since there's otherwise no indication most things can be interacted with aside from the mouse cursor changing and there's a lot of stuff overlapping that you could easily miss being seperate interactables. There's also the occasional offscreen interactable that you'd have no clue was there without seeing half the title for it poking out since 99% of the game is static single screens and there's no other indications for which are dynamic long screens that will pan when you walk to the edge of them.The narrative does a really poor job of directing you to where you should be going, unlike something like Monkey Island where Guybrush will say all his thoughts aloud the characters in this will keep most of their ideas and motivations to themselves so you'll be expected to be rooting through someones stuff to look for incriminating evidence when to the player there's no reason to suspect them since the character is being paranoid without vocalizing it. The motivations make perfect sense for the characters but not the player so I spent a ton of time wandering around wondering what exactly I was supposed to be doing. The map lights up areas you need to visit to progress the chapter but it lights up EVERY area with important things to do for the entire chapter so that isn't helpful until you're wrapping things up at the end. Each area's progress is not independent either so you can have three areas lit up that you can't actually do anything in until you complete some arbitrary action in the fourth. You can also see a listing of your progress towards the chapters ""questlines"" but that just gives you a very general idea of what to do. For anyone who takes a break and comes back a while later mid-chapter you're basically screwed and stuck trying to use every item on everything. hell that still happened plenty to me and I did all my play back to back.To top all this off, the game doesn't even run very well. It's got a couple bugs that will cause it to drop tons of frames unless you restart your computer and sometimes that won't even fix it. At a few points characters I was supposed to talk to didn't render on screen and I had to leave and reenter the area. For an adventure game with prerendered backgrounds and very few fairly ugly models on screen at any time this kind of performance is inexcusable.It's a shame every single aspect of what makes this a game is so poorly executed, it has an engaging enough story and characters that it could have been a decent book or movie but the mechanics ruin the pacing and make the whole thing a greuling experience. Worth a watch on youtube, not worth a playthrough no matter how cheap it is."
76561198268457158,Recommended,260570,29427025,Posted: 22 January,all,LazyZombieBrain,"Great game, great characters, great story. The atmosphere sucks you in, and the characters make you stay. That's what you get on the plus side.On the disadvantages: there are some minor technical roughness and shortness of the game.I have replayed it several times and plan to in the future - if you like adventure games as I do, you would want to return time and time again.P.S. The soundtrack is just gorgeous!"
76561198204250065,Recommended,260570,25956552,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PrismMind,"I went into Gray Matter expecting an 'alright' point-and-click adventure with decent puzzles and mechanics; what I got instead was an incredibly well written storytelling experience, albeit with gameplay one would still deem 'alright'. The atmosphere created was very mysterious, with heavy dashes of both gothic and paranormal sensibilities, so fans of those conventions should be quite pleased with the presentation. Because the genre of the game is point-and-click, one shouldn't go in expecting heavy action-  although there were some great build ups to dramatic revelations, and tension in the style of a true tale of mystery, which keeps the player hooked until the end.Pros:+ Quality narrative with an interesting mix of characters+ Excellent voice acting and attention to detail+ Puzzles in my opinion not overly difficult or easy, but might require a glance or two at a guide+ In-game graphics were okay, but the cutscene/hand-drawn art were quite nice+ Great Soundtrack, both ambient and vocalized+ Samantha Everett and David Styles as dual protagonists were well developed and had intriguing interactions with both each other & side characters+ You learn a little something about magic tricks and neurology. Think about the last time this happened in a game you played!Neutrals/Cons:- Certain areas of the game experienced a HUGE degree of slow down (Ie. Christ Church Exterior)- No where does it mention (from what I recall?) that you can double click on an area to have the character you are controlling JOG to the spot instead of casually strolling- Subjectively there was some potential wasted with regards to character development, and the ""building up"" so to speak did not always feel like it flowed smoothly- The ending felt a bit abrupt, and again there was a lot of stuff from the story which could have been wrapped up in a more complete manner. Was hoping for a more detailed epilogue due to all the time and effort invested in developing the cast, but alas many questions went unansweredOverall:8.5 out of 10If you're looking for a slower paced game with a page-turner of a story, and either don't mind or enjoy point-and-click mechanics, ""Gray Matter"" is the game for you."
76561198095320410,Recommended,260570,25511006,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Janiya,"Awesome game! Interesting story line. Well developed characters. Great music and artwork.There were some compatibility issues that made the game go really slow. But I found that by simply restarting the computer before playing, or by playing in Windows XP compatibility mode; the game worked fine =)If you like point and click adventures, you'll love this one =)Most of the puzzles/clues where easy enough to follow by myself. I had to get help from the internet a few times, but most times I got stuck it would turn out I hadn't finished all conversation options with a character or something. Only puzzle that really had me stumped was the club maze near the end.If there was a sequel to this, I would buy it instantly =D"
76561198167276289,Recommended,260570,30622740,Posted: 19 March,all,Chocobo Warrior,Great story and music! The tags really speak for the appeal of the game. Just finished the game at 13+ hrs. I think it was definitely worth the $10 I paid for it.  Would recommend to other Point and Click Adventure enthusiasts.
,Recommended,260570,20115205,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nora,"Fun point & click adventure from the lady who created Gabriel Knight. Whilst some of the puzzles weren't too intuitive, the story and artwork was lovely. I don't remember getting stuck too much thoroughout the game either. Definitely a must if you like point & clicks."
76561198086735688,Recommended,260570,24639010,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,dry.joh,"Interesting storyline with pretty easy puzzles.  For those point-and-click adventure gamers who really like a challenge, this may not be the game for you.  However, if you would like to be immersed in a great storyline with more casual gameplay then this is a great game.  Only complaint would be the graphics a bit clunky, but the game was made in 2004/2005.  Overall, I was very pleased."
76561198030840533,Recommended,260570,25001860,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,clusher2,"A good point-and-click game, with magic and ghosts involved. It has a good storyline, although the end leaves some loose ends. Visually, the game does not stand out, but the music is pretty good. All in all, I recomend you to get with discount."
76561198077378264,Recommended,260570,25064075,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sorenn,I liked this game but it may not appeal to folks who like a lot of action.  The puzzles are challenging but solvealble.  The story arc is pretty interesting and fun to unfold. I did find it got a bit tedious when I was trying to advance beyond a few situations.  All in all an enjoyable experience. I give it eight out of ten.
76561198253561535,Recommended,260570,25192159,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ikari Yume,I miss more stories like this. Loved it!
,Recommended,260570,31531919,Posted: 3 May,all,BlishBlash,"It's a shame that Steam reviews operate on an up/down system, because my opinion of this game is rather mixed.On the one hand, it's very clunky. The protagonist controls like a tank, very stiffly and awkwardly. If you've played any early 3D adventure games you'll know what I'm talking about. The animations don't always line up and aren't quite all there. The game lacks polish, to put it frankly. Which is fair for something so clearly on a tight budget. The cinematics, while visually striking, also cut a lot of corners, and it's not always clear what's being depicted on screen.The game does not make for a strong first impression. However, I started to fall in love with the game at chapter 3. While Samantha Everett is the ""main character"", it's David Styles who steals the show.  I don't want to give away too much, but I found his character and backstory to be very compelling, and I loved the way the game executed all of it. HOWEVER (again), the game fails to wrap up the story in an entirely satisfactory way. Which again may be to a tight budget, but it left me feeling a bit empty.Overall, Gray Matter is a nice little adventure game that's rough around the edges, but has likeable characters and a somewhat compelling plot (if you can make it to chapter 3). If you have nothing better to do, feel free to give it a go."
76561198136545497,Recommended,260570,13532657,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,magit77,"Old school point-and-click game with a context of magic and paranormal activity.The game is played through two main characters, much like in the Gabriel Knight series, also created by Jane Jensen. The gameplay is known for most: pointing, clicking and discussing all the way. This works of course as well as it should  and there wasn't much to complain about. The story is divided into chapters each having its own puzzles and goals. The puzzles are relatively clear and not too difficult. Compared to the Gabriel Knight series, this game involves also a fair share of fantasy elements and nods to mythology, which suits the story just fine. However, as a negative side note, the game is not too long and the story seems leave a couple loose plot lines unresolved. Maybe there was a sequel planned, which never came about?All in all, this is a good game with nice features for those wanting to solve yet one more mystery through excessive molesting of the mouse. However, the game is not the best in its genre, missing a few unforgettable moments."
76561198038371482,Recommended,260570,9860418,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Rat 13,"Oh god, I can talk about this game for hours, and still couldn't explain what so great about it. But I'll try me best. In short -- this game will make my top 10 of adventures any time any year any millenium (alongside Longest Jorney, Space Quest franchise and Gabriel Knight)First of all don't expect epic story or world at a prejudiece of disaster, player will need to save! No, this is a story about two humans, two souls, two destenies. Both of our heroes have their agenda, but there is also a mistery in old British castle that will affect both. But they look at it differently. One is a sceptical, another fatefull. Actually, let's take a closer look on our heroes.Samanta Everret is an American red haired dare beast of a lass, who acidentely get involved into a working for famous neurobiologiest. She's a sceptical, tough, antihero like persona. No remorse or a second thought if there is something needed to be done! She can lie, trick people, go into extremes, argue... and bloody hell she's amazing at what she does. It also help in her life style, that she's magician (not real though, just ye standart showwoman trixter). In her chapters, player will come into situations and events, wneh her art will help her get the job done. Unfortunately, there are no experiments... You just taking trik from a book and perform it step by step. But still this is a nice little addition and somewhat of a unique play mechanic. But this lass have a dream, to became a part of Dedalus club -- a very discreet, magician community. Will she achieve her goal? Up to player to find out.Dr. David Styles on the other hand is a misantropic, socialy awkward, hermet... And who can blame him? Telling his story would be a spoiler thus a crime! He lost his wife, he really cared about and loved, and after some acidents, dedicated his life to neurobiology, in attempt to... Some may call him boring charecter, but for me, he alweys will stay one of a perfect example of those mad scientist, that don't see to destroy world or have revenge on someone. No, he just wants to do his job, he seek some remedy for a broken soul, he gave up on life but still have faith. it's hard to describe this charecter, you should just see for yourself.What about an actuall story? Well, the game is developed by Gabriel Knight creator; So be ready for a mature, dark and actually frightning game! There are no gallons of blood of jump scares. No the mystery and keeping player in dark is scary enough. The real fear comes from what you can't see, thus giving birth to fear of seeing what was mystery. Again, this is a story of people, not world. Oh yeah and soundtrack! The musik in main menu sets the mood already... and it will continue throughout the whole game.There are no video cutscenes, their place are given to a comix style. Are they good? Yes they are. unfortunately that could not be sayed about the game animation itself. Charecter models and amimation is bulky, and there are lack of animation for deeds you perform. But those can be overlook, if only you are not some kind of animation maniac. Saying that, locations on the other hand, look astonishing! The are bloody amazing! The amount of details can be overwhelming at times.What about puzzles? Game is easy, really easy. Not in it's favor, but yes... I doubt anyone will need solution for this. Most of puzzles are point 'n click items based, and those are not quite easy to solve. But on the other hand, compared to modern ""Adventures"" -- that are either too dumb (not realising what made old adventures great), or without any actual puzzling or adventuring (hello Telltails), I would say it has a balance between story and puzzles, and there are actual thinking must be involved.So yada yada yada. Do I recomend this game? I had disk with it back in 2011... Lost it... Was sad... Now i have it on steam, and would buy it again for sure! So yes. If you like Gabriel Knight, if you are up for a mature, dark and frightning story, if you like oldschool adventures. Then this game will remedy your hunger."
76561197994117737,Recommended,260570,23271503,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,tomtom,"Excellent mystery advenure game laced with a hint of paranormal. Strong writing penned by Jane Jensen.  The experience is slightly marred by arcane 3D models and animation which would not have been great even even 10 years ago.  Despite some minor flaws, a must buy for all adventure games fans.The good:Strong writing that keeps player entertained throughout the entire experienceInteresting magic puzzle mechanicsNicely rendered backrounds blended seamlessly with wonderfully done 2D art and cutscenes.Suggestive voiceover and decent musicThe bad:Character models are very dated with animation that is sometimes almost painful to watch. Character portraits that pop up during conversations look like they all had ""egg"" shaped head as a base model to which different noses, eyes and hair had been plastered into later (think kinda mid 90's fallout style). Full sized models you otherwise interact with resemble these potato men portraits only if you crank up your imagination to the point where you start seeing a white rabbit with a golden watch popping up from under random furniture in your house.Puzzle design has some rough spots here and there. On several occasions you can come accross objects which you cannot pickup before having perfomed a number of unrelated tasks, forcing a player to back-track for no apparent reason.Some of the bonus objectives feel pointless and combined with the technical issues mentioned above bear a feeling of project lead used to large budget realizing half-way through production that the actual budget is too small for the projects ambition."
76561198015052897,Recommended,260570,13398804,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Maliceff,"A lot of fun! Kept my attention all the way to the end, and the ending was so much fun.  The use of magic was a treat too!"
,Recommended,260570,13233174,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,chigangrel,"I love point-and-click adventure games and have played loads, and Gray Matter is now one of my most favorites. That's not to say it's perfect though, but it's defintiely one of the best.9/10Pros:- beautiful art- great music- a well-done and interesting story, if a bit cliche and cheesy (in an addictive I-have-to-know-what-happens-next sort of way)- a unique and fun gameplay mechanic with magic tricks, which had me wishing I could do more with it (hoping that if there's a sequel they expand and enhance this feature! it was a lot of fun). I've never played, or heard of, a game featuring a magician (as in, a stage magician, where the magic isn't really magic) and it felt different and exciting and was a lot more fun than I expected!- the puzzles feel intuitive and fun but still provide a challenge. I really, really like the implementation of highlighting locations depending on what can/has been completed there. The progress list was also very helpful for the once or twice when I would get stuck and not know what to do, and be able to suss it out based on what my progress list said was only partially completed.Cons:- the quality of the voice acting varies, and took me out of the game a few times when it made me go ""huh?"". Occasionally a character said something in an odd inflection or with no emotion. It reminded me a lot of Cole Phelps interviewing people in LA Noire, where his reactions didn't always fit the technique choices of 'truth', 'doubt', and 'lie'.- the animations surprised me by being lower quality than expected. I've recently replayed The Longest Journey, a game that came out in 1999, and Gray Matter's animations reminded me a lot of TLJ. I guess the screen shots made my expectations higher? Certainly not awful, but not what I expected from a game in 2014.- I experience no bugs/glitches EXCEPT one that effectively prevented me from continuing the game, forcing me to reload a save from hours earlier. I recommend making at 2-3 saves per chapter and keeping them, just in case. This was the only time I was forced to consult walkthroughs, in order to try to figure out what went wrong. Eventually determined it was not necessarily due to me but something just went wrong in the game... I suspect I did something in an odd/unexpected order and messed something, a la King's Quest. Don't expect this to be something that happens often though, as when I looked into it it seemed like a rare problem (but it's still a problem that exists, and a big one at that).I got the game on sale for ~$3 and felt like I got way more than my monies worth, honestly. Even with what I consider to be 'cons', I'd have happily paid the full price for the game and am recommending it to my friends. I really hope there's a sequel someday!"
,Recommended,260570,13553268,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,colorfulstars,"A very interesting game, full of details and a great soundtrack. I've spent a lot of time enjoying and playing the game. It's hard to find a good point and click with a nice story and so on... I think this game was amazing! The story and dialogues are easy and well built, I don't regret even a bit buying and playing. :)"
76561198088778520,Recommended,260570,16605328,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Squishyloki,"Good, well paced game with a great story of mystery and riddles with a mix of the supernatural.There were a few misguidances but the game and story were fully enjoyable."
76561198090138138,Recommended,260570,21373162,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Carol,"This was a game that really surprised me! When I first bought it on a whim, I never expected to like it so much. The story's great, both the main characters are really interesting and everything's really fun to read. The mechanics used are interesting, and a bit different from most adventure games, so it's refreshing! Overall, I really liked playing this game and I would recommend it to anyone who likes this genre."
,Recommended,260570,21045526,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ebees,"So, the game is very beautiful.  The characters are likeable (mostly), however I found the main character to be annoying at times because of her attitude towards certain things.  The other characters and Dr. Styles are all interesting and have their own unique personalities.  The story with Dr. Styles and his experiments were very interesting to me and added more of a mystery feel to the game, however I wasn't totally into Sam and her magic part of the story.  For example, it takes a pretty weird turn at the end where suddenly everything is vastly different than the rest of the game... that had me confused and I was just rushing through it because I wanted out.  As for the magic tricks, I thought they added a little more to the gameplay and were easy enough to do.One thing to keep in mind: Always interact with everything in the environment.  Even if it means just looking at something as sometimes even minor parts of the story can keep you from getting 100% for that part."
76561198038625342,Recommended,260570,13901838,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dash,"Well I think it's safe to say this is easily the best adventure game in the last 15 years.  Nothing even comes close, sorry Broken Age you are terrrrrrrrrrrrible (although not as bad as Broken Sword!).  I may be a bit biased as the Laura Bow adventure games were my favorite adventure games as a child and this has a very similar feel.  The central plot is a murdery mystery/ghost story/mad scientist/magicians cult story!  Personally, I loved the plot.  That doesn't mean it didn't have it's problems as it had a ton.However, the noir atmosphere and just the way the art direction infused almost every scene and environment with dread was excellent.  Even more props should go to the artist who did all the graphic novel cutscenes, I much preferred these to a surely more hideous and costly 3d rendered cutscene.  The magicians club graphic novel scene was particularly well done.  As I said though, the game did have a lot of problems.  It's divided into 8 chapters, howevers it was painfully obvious who the murderer was by chapter 4.  Which maybe could have been handeled better, but the main character (Samantha) simply could not figure it out.  This made almost every dialogue scene cringe worthy as she interrogated characters and kept coming to ludicrous conclusions.I find it impossible to believe anyone who plays this game would be stumped, so the main characters bumbling I would expect would annoy everyone.  This would have been bad enough, but I found it even more frustrating that she started off as a bright and clever woman and then you have to watch her devolve into this lunatic dummy was extremelyyyyyyyyy disappointing.  I guess I understand what the writer was doing, she was trying to hide who the murderer was by throwing in so many red herrings that you get confused.  What ends up happening is that you just shake your head in sadness as your character losses all sense of reason and makes ludicrous proclamations.  She started off as the Hercule Poirot of this game, but by the end she was really the Captain Hastings...she literally didn't even solve the mystery at the end and and it was left up to a much wiser character.As I said though, despite all of this I loved the game and I still enjoyed the story for the atmosphere alone and even with the easily solveable murder questions still remained that you could focus on instead keeping things still interesting.  Also as good as the music was, 3 songs is not enough to make a musical score for a 15 hour game, at least have for 4 songs geez!  Even being the best adventure game in the last 15 years it's still an adventure game so #Worth $10"
,Recommended,260570,29072939,Posted: 6 January,all,naughtyzeut,"Overall, this is a solid adventure game with a good story. A few minor interface issues exist, but they do not detract from the joy of playing this game."
76561198261434767,Recommended,260570,25503218,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Magdalena Black,"I have played this twice thru and have to say that I really loved it! I would buy Grey Matter 2. IF they ever come out with one. The story, characters, the details. I really enjoyed it. It can also be a bit challenging. Not one boring moment."
76561198253029738,Recommended,260570,25910204,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,loopy,"I really enjoyed this game and can't say enough good things: great story, characters, puzzles, mood, voice acting, locations...what more could you ask for?! If you liked Gabriel Knight then definitely play this, it's by the same author. Sam and David are great characters, well written, and I was very fond of them by the end! Very likeable heroine. Some fanastic puzzles in this, and I have to say, I thoroughly enjoyed the cut scenes, with the cool 2d comic-style art which was very evocative. I want to wipe my memory and discover it again - 5 stars from me!"
,Recommended,260570,27583512,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scarletwrath,"I love this game and have played it multiple times. It's absolutely beautiful! I originally played it on Xbox and the menu wheel is atrocious but luckily the PC version doesn't have this problem. It has a very immersive story: very reminiscent of my favourite point and click. Broken Sword. This is well worth playing, it has some decent puzzles, a very good story and an absolutely excellent soundtrack to boot! Highly recommended."
76561198274566778,Recommended,260570,24478875,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,honeycat555,"i just LOVED this game, and took my sweet time playing it! i didnt want it to end. Played perfectly on windows 10 upgrade. Its a shame there is no second installment, it really is a beautiful game."
76561198111467586,Recommended,260570,24189859,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,turtleninja,"I will admit that I was expecting this game to be the one I buy on sale, play once, and leave to gather dust in my Steam library. My standards weren't very high and I hadn't heard of the developer before.I have never been more wrong in my life.The storyline is incredible, the graphics are damn good for a point & click game and the voice acting is pretty believeable. I was hooked within the first five minutes of gameplay. I love how you don't stay as one character and you are kept in suspense during the entire game. Buy this game; you will not regret it"
76561198250488186,Recommended,260570,20703321,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sirog,"Gray Matter is an adventure point-and-click game that, while not braving any new ground for the genre, more than makes up for it with a great and immersive story, beatiful scenery and a likeable cast of characters.The plot mixes science and paranormal elements in a masterful way and is advanced by well-written and often amusing dialogue. The characters themselves, while not immeadiately likeable, are very well portrayed and are given life with surprisingly good voice acting. The dialogue is often ripe with cultural references and the bonus challenges a la ""DaVinci Code"" will be a delight for the cultivated gamer.The soundtrack is quite adequate too, mostly composed of classy, although sometimes repetitive, piano pieces than fit the mood of the game. Although the camera angle is fixed, the graphics are quite detailed and colourful and it is not rare to find neat little details that add to the enchanting vistas (such as a tiny spider hanging in its web in a dungeon or a tree leaf blowing in the wind in the distance). The gloomy sky above Oxford is particularly beautiful.One last thing to note about this game is that there is next to no hand-holding: most of the time, you rely on your own logical and common sense to solve the puzzles or advance the story. There is no objectives table and you are often required to thoroughly inspect the surroundings in order to find out what you need to proceed. This can lead to some frustration along the way but is also quite rewarding in the long run.In the end, Gray Matter's intriguing and thought-provoking story and atmosphere more than makes up for any small shortcomings, making it a worthwile aquisition for any action fan or even casual gamer."
76561198072105900,Recommended,260570,20811218,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,patrick_riley17,"A tragic death. A secret society. A series of unexplained accidents. A mysterious experiment. All come together in Gray Matter, a charming adventure game that hearkens back to genre classics, namely Syberia and The Longest Journey. Like those games, Gray Matter is headlined by a compelling female protagonist, the magician Samantha, who journeys through an Oxford seeped in atmosphere and intrigue. As she adventures throughout Oxford, Sam meets a curious cast of individuals: the mysterious magic shop owner, Mephistopheles; the sultry foreign exchange student, Helena; the shy and superstitious nursing student, Angela; and the infamous neurobiologist, Dr. David Styles, just to name a few.The game's story, while not without its loose ends, is the strongest feature of Gray Matter. Happenings begin to coincide that force the player to question: Are these events supernatural in origin? Or scientific? Are they parts to an elaborate illusion, carefully orchestrated by a puppeteer lurking in the Oxford shadows? Or some combination of all three? Suspicion is thrown onto all core characters and the solution to the mysteries in Oxford remains elusive right up to the game's closing act.The game's visuals will likely be disappoint to some, given that the game originally released in English around 2011 and the game looks more like it was a product from the early 2000. That being said, if this is something you can look past, the game's scenes and area are still a delight to look through. Less enjoyable are the close-ups of the in-game models, displayed in the bottom left whenever a character is speaking. These close-ups make some characters appear strange and wooden and this becomes particularly jarring when the player sees depictions of the characters in short, illustrated cut scenes between game chapters, where they look much better, but also very different from their in-game models.The game also suffers from one of the classic weaknesses of adventure games: progression is often dependent upon clicking or finding a very specific area/object, sometime multiple times. Several in-game features actually offer the player help with this, however, if needed. Pressing spacebar enables labels for clickable areas/items of interest and the game also features a ""progression bar"" for everything needed to finish and complete a chapter. It's important to note that this isn't a checklist, but rather a tool that tells the player if they've done everything that needs doing for a specific task or quest line that chapter.These quibbles aside, all in all, I would wholly recommend Gray Matter to adventure game fans, especially those who are particularly fond of certain classic games within the genre. Gameplay is fun, if simple in the traditional sense - puzzles are largely limited to collecting items and selecting which items to use or combine in specific circumstances. The graphics, while also simplistic, do not impede the true strengths of the game: the characters and the storytelling. The game truly left me clamoring for more, which is a shame, as the game, as well as its creator, has hinted towards a sequel, though any such project seems to be in limbo, at least as of now.Happy adventuring!"
76561198072182182,Recommended,260570,22469229,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,A nice long point-and-click that adds body to its low fantasy narrative with an abundance of slice-of-life detail.  Jane Jensen's romantic elements are subtle enough as to be digestible by players of any testosterone level.  I only wish the 3D characters had better faces and didn't move so stiffly.
,Recommended,260570,13846750,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ShinOnna,"Gray Matter is a classic point-and-click adventure game. It is aplyed from the third person POV and the player controls a female character.Well, the story is great and charming - you have a magic protegonist and it seems oh-so-lovely that she can do these tricks. However, do not get attached to the simplicity of illusions. Things will get pretty undergound when  you get to the later plot twists.The general positives of this game are the classic P&C-ness, the dialogue and of course, the magic.If you're not into slow, P&C games, then this one is not for you. Another thing that I personally find as a negative side is that sometimes you need to visit a specific place so that the story can continue. This is  abit off, but oh well.Generally, this is one of the top P&C quest games I know."
76561197983008562,Recommended,260570,10003762,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,fryslan0109,"Kind of okay. The gameplay's mostly standard for this sort of game. The magic tricks are alright the first couple times but get old quickly. The starts slow, gets really good, but then ends rather abruptly with rather a disappointing twist. That said, most of the characters are well fleshed out, so that's a plus. I also like the somewhat stylized cutscenes."
76561198004235194,Recommended,260570,26155134,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,viixxiin77,"I love adventure point and click games. When I bought this game, I downloaded it and I crossed my fingers that I would be able to play it on my older computer with a GeForce 9500 GS 512 MB graphics card. After several attempts and adjustments in the games settings (I turned the resolution down a bit and a adjusted a few other settings so the character wouldn't move so dreadfully slow and  I double-clicked where I was going that helped speed up most of those walks) and tried over and over until I had the settings just right and I was able to start my adventure! Yay!This game is truly a gem. This mystery story is well written, the characters voice acting was spot on, the music is relaxing and games and puzzles were fun. I had to use walkthroughs to get through some of the trickier puzzles. You have to use and learn the magic book and go shopping at the magic shop for items to solve some puzzles, and yes, it required some reading and lots of talking with other characters, but that is half the fun in these types of adventure games.There is a map, diary, the magic book and lots of inventory to play with. I love this game and I totally recommend it! I hope you will like it too!"
,Recommended,260570,9745823,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Llewellyn,"I normally don't play Point & Click adventures, and after reading the reviews, I thought I'd give it a whirl.My first impressions are that the game seems to have a lot of potential. The animation is ok. Robitic, but ok. The story line seems credible, and the voice acting is a little staid, but bearable.I almost, when completing the 1st task to put your rabbit back in it's home, swtiched the thing off and uninstalled.Just don't pick up bunnies by their ears, ok? This ONE thing, almost made me delete the game within minutes of starting.Graphically, it seems quite nice, but like almost any other P&C adventure, the settings are too quiet. Oxford just is NEVER that sedate. Samantha, in her own way, I find quite pleasing to the eye. (I wonder why? ;-) )The magic trick side of things is quite a nice touch, and it's a different thing to try out, certainly for me anyway.I suppose, despite the hour I've been playing, I need to give it more time. I'm hoping I come to like it more, but I'm holding my judgement.First impressions, Fair to middling, but I'm not going to slate it, but I'm not going to rave about it either.5 out of 10"
76561198071390745,Recommended,260570,15624117,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kat,"Gray Matter is an excellent adventure game that is sadly underrated. The story is original and gripping, the interaction between the characters keeps the player interested in what happens next and the puzzles are generally inteligent and entertaining.The ending left hope for a sequel, which unfortunately never came. Definitely recommened, even at full price, which is actually quite cheap for the lenght and quality it provides."
,Recommended,260570,17929816,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"Great story, wonderful scenery, puzzles that fit in the world. All around, a delightful game. The magic trick design interface was an interesting idea, but the magic book states exactly what to do, so there isn't much room for challenge or creativity. But, I wouldn't say that this detracts from the game, given the richness of the rest of the game elements."
76561198008342032,Recommended,260570,25524103,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nitto,"Excellent game, if you like point-and-click games, don't miss this!"
76561198066920151,Recommended,260570,17514970,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,wise_owl42,"A Game, in of itself, has to serve several purposes, dpeending on it's design and intent.  Adventure games, for me, have to provide interesting characters and a good story, and in this they are like a book or movie.  Yet they also require not just interesting puzzles, but puzzles that are neither so easy as to be boring, or so hard or nonsensical as to be frustrating.  No, to borrow a phrase 'Put wax lips on moose'.Gray Matter's game play does have a few hitches.  My main criticsms would be that it was initially hard to get into the interface, and too often in the game, you have to sort of muddle about, clicking on stuff to figure out what you are suppose to do.  The progress meters are very helpful in this regard on occasion, as are the ways the different locations text gets different colours based on what can still be done there.  Still, the game could use some refining in this regard.However, the game gets my recommendation for the story-telling.  You don't come to a game by Jensen and expect to get bad storytelling, and true to form this game had amazingly evocative sets, characters and plot.  With a short cast of characters I was deeply involve in the story, and it's ending had parts that were genuinely emotional.  A game that can push buttons and evoke emotions like a good movie or piece of music is worth the price of admission in my book."
,Recommended,260570,17639102,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Haigotron,"It might be rough around the edges, but if you're in the mood for an old school point-and-click adventure game, Gray Matter fits the bill. It has a certain nostalgic charm to it and most of the puzzles are well designed. You play a wanderlust magician who has ended up in a small English village, and ends up working for a mysterious researcher.Being a magician, you have the ability to pull of sleight-of-hand tricks to overcome certain puzzles (like swapping an item with another without the other character realizing). At first, it's quite enjoyable - you get to plan out your moves in sequence and then play it out. Too bad it's introduced quite late in the game. Also, once the novelty wears off, it becomes tedious - you first need to find the correct trick to pull of from inside the magic book, then you simply follow the steps. There are no alternatives and you must do exactly what the book says, or you fail.Overall, the atmosphere, puzzles and story are enough to keep the player engadget and mystified (my attempt at a clever ending)."
,Recommended,260570,26188130,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Jehran,This game was a lot of fun. The story was interesting and engaging throughout.  Also the puzzles were fairly obvious with only a few times that I forgot to backtrack to the correct spot to finish the chapter.The music and sound quality of the game were very top-notch. At times the main character's voice actress was a little flat but the rest of the characters were engaging and all felt like real people that were involved in these situations.
,Recommended,260570,16786335,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MelBee42,"Liked:- Decent story which is quite compelling.- The puzzles are really good fun. Definitely not particularly hard but engaging nonetheless - you shouldn't need a walkthrough for this. Everything is pretty logical - there are no stereotypically bizarre point and click solutions here.- Graphics are OK for this sort of game.- Plenty of game for your money - should take more than a dozen hours to complete.- Interesting subject matter and decent writing- Definitely compelled me to keep playing to the end.Annoyances: (fairly minor!)- This is set in England but I don't think people working on the game seemed to know much about England. There were a few really odd things in it such as references to 'Western England' which isn't really a thing and even if it was, Oxford is not in the West. This game features steam vents, which I have never in my life seen anywhere in England. (I've seen them in New York...??)  Also the prices are a little weird (even taking into account that it's set in 2005)- Although the in-game graphics are OK (for a point and click) the cut scenes are pretty odd looking. They're a series of hand drawn slides, some of which work, others don't - the artists don't really seem to have nailed drawing people. Particularly one of the main, mask-wearing protaganists - some of the sketches make it look as if his eye is in a very weird place. Some of the pictures just looked plain odd.- A few minor bugs such as automatically playing cut scenes twice (second time with no voice over....?) - nothing game breaking.All in all it's a decent experience which is fun enough and worth a look."
76561197973634256,Recommended,260570,12274423,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,NoICE,"Great game with a good story, gorgeous and detailed locations, strong and interesting (and very likable) characters. Nice and logical puzzles. Great 12 hours gameplay (according to savegame slot). Recommend to every fan of adventures or fan of Jane Jensen."
76561198057276939,Recommended,260570,11583843,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Himinglaeva,This was a wonderful game for me. I recommend this to anyone who likes puzzle and or visual novels.
76561198321445112,Recommended,260570,31207699,Posted: 17 April,all,HAKUNA MATATA,"Amazing adventure game! Once i started playing i was sucked in, definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,260570,24729175,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,knightwolf,"The Good- Nice rendered graphics (and Samantha is hot :)- Nice artwork in the cut-scenes but I expected a lot more for a game from 2014- Nice Music- Decent Story, but felt like it ended abruptly.- I like the more realistic characters because there are too many ""Cartoony"" adventure games out there.- Doing magic tricks is kinda cool but superfluous. It doesn't really add much, except to take up more time going back and forth in the book to do the trick properly.The Bad- Ridiculously slow gameplay- Hotspot indicator system lags, and could have been done better (Memoria style)- No hint system (needed a walkthrough when I was stuck)- Sometimes you have to perform the smallest, stupidest action just to finish a chapter, and you have absolutely no idea or hint on what that is....Call Charle's Mum?! Ughhh...- Performance issues on a decent CPU/Video Card  (seems shadow related)- The journal is completely useless, whoever let that out of testing should be fired.I expected A LOT more from the ""legendary"" Jane Jensen, but I can't blame her entirely. The team should have spent more time on mechanics and flow. It's just a slow crawl... and a savegame bug in Chapter 8 nearly cost me 14 hours, LUCKILY another steam user put the Start of Chapter 8 up so I could start from the begininng of it.I would still reccommend it because it was still pretty good, honestly though, Syberia 1+2 (although waaaay older) were better than this.Overall 6/10"
,Recommended,260570,11573463,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,At Sam's,"I really really enjoyed this game. Sure the characters movements were annnoying at times. However I really loved the story and also really liked David and Samantha. The puzzles were okay, not very easy but not too hard either. I would recommend this game. I had a few very enjoyable hours with this game and was actually sad when it ended."
76561197981478486,Recommended,260570,31533171,Posted: 3 May,all,spacemanchuck,Really good!
76561198123765531,Recommended,260570,28535072,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Someone Wicked,"Fun game, so far.  Best line:""My grandmama liked to get naked on the roof and wave to planes. Well, who doesn't?"""
76561198117504217,Recommended,260570,13833539,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,glitzerdingeling,+ Lovely artwork and graphic design+ Very touching story and character development+ Great music and voice acting+ very nice ending+ and no bugs!Thank you Jane Jensen - this was awesome!I definitely need to have a look at Gabriel Knight now.
76561198171049747,Recommended,260570,13938657,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Abbath1980,Just Brilliant ! A true point n' click gem!
,Recommended,260570,15588872,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SapphireSoul,This game is AMAZING. Some of the puzzles required help from walkthroughs but the storyline is gorgeous.
,Recommended,260570,15609591,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,NBDYuKNW,"Just stayed up and played it all in one go, and I have to say it's a darn decent game.  It's especially captivating for a point and click game."
76561198094051631,Recommended,260570,15358985,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Opus 23 No. 5,Gripping. Numerous plots within the game but Jane Jensen impressingly made them well laid-out  so as not to confuse the entire story.Long live the Scarlet Furies.
,Recommended,260570,15695653,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Beautiful Potato,I LOVED this game. I wish there were more games like this one. There is no sequel either. Not too late!
,Recommended,260570,15908941,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ChelleShocked,"Such a good game!  Initially, because of its age, one might be put off from it.  But, the artwork is fantastic and the story-line is very intriguing.  Not to mention, the interactive features are unique in and of itself.  I personally love it!"
76561198029904194,Recommended,260570,16304051,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,jackdyasster,"Just completed gray matter and i really enjoyed this game. Puzzles i found quite confusing at first,  but be patient and keep pen and paper handy. The story line was good and puzzles where actually important to the game not just a way to another place or extra side games they kept the game flowing. Well worth the price give it a go."
,Not Recommended,260570,13512655,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SynVisions,"This game has serious performance issues on lots of machines, which renders it unplayable unless you restart your machine before you play. Every time.No thanks."
76561198000378204,Recommended,260570,10348327,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Kyp,"What to say ? It's probably not the best adventure game ever, but if you like adventure games, you shouldn't miss this one.Nice graphics (but dull animation), extremely classic gameplay, not hard at all, but with an incredible atmosphere and a really nice story.A good Jane Jensen game."
76561198073488017,Recommended,260570,18735957,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,kittensoft,"A good game, but the ending left a ton of unanswered questions. It felt like there should have been at least another chapter to wrap things up!"
76561197961292249,Recommended,260570,11319744,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Johan,"Fantastic game, if you're into gothic romance and mystery. Written by Jane Jensen of Gabriel Knight fame. Warning: If you prefer action and explosions a la Transformers or sex and gore a la Game of Thrones, you will probably not get it."
,Recommended,260570,23241924,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,privatejoh,Surprisingly good and entretaining.Recomended.
76561197969390554,Recommended,260570,18175749,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Anton,This is a greet game. I and my brother playd Gray Matter. It was a lot of fun.its a click and point game.its a great story.we need more games like this one.
76561198007245686,Recommended,260570,19208863,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Frankbrodie,Heartily recommended by me.Absolutely stunning story that progresses very nicely. Doesn't taper off at the end or anything. Builds very nicely in fact to a great game ending.All the visuals are fantastic in my opinion. Lots and lots of different gorgeous location shots. And a fair few atmospheric cut scenes.Great sounds. Excellent little music tracks that are included too.Good value game for the length of playtime. My last save 20 minutes before the ending came in at exactly 9 hours.Straight up 9.5/10 game. If I could think of any tiny faults I'd maybe mark it down to 9/10. But I can't. But there has to be the odd grumble I'm forgetting so I'll go with 9.5
76561198006760931,Recommended,260570,33373051,Posted: 8 July,all,Wilsu,"Totally worth it. The story is ""mature"" whatever that means, the puzzles are generally at least ok, and I liked the visual style. A worthy successor of Gabriel Knight."
76561198041951222,Recommended,260570,20440064,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,cgoldfishh,"The reason I have about 100 hours clocked is a bit silly. I just love the soundtrack so much, that I would leave the game on at night. So soothing LOL The story was very interesting, and the Magician storyline was just as fun as the main mystery. I do feel there were a few points that I wish had been resolved, I feel like I was left hanging on some of the juicier bits, but perhaps it was my overactive imagination thinking they would even be important enough to go into detail on. The voice-acting was very good, the cut-scenes were pretty neat (very artsy), the characters were fresh, and the locations were all gorgeously done. I can't say if this was an accurate depiction of Oxford, but it sure made me want to visit."
76561197991695936,Not Recommended,260570,17872927,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,bustee,"I just finished the game and have very mixed feelings about this game. I used to play all the Gabriel Knight games and loved every one of them (although the one playing in Germany loses a lot of its flair if you are actually German and know how bad the German of the ""Germans"" in the game is... quite hilarious).So I was really looking forward to this and picked it up as soon as it got on sale (okay, I'm a bit cheap..). Anyways, I have 2 main problems with this title:1) the progress in the game. The game is an adventure that is separated in chapters and to finish one chapter means that you have to do certain tasks. The problem with that is that you often end up with not knowing what to do to progress. For example you can end up having done everything that seems reasonable, but the game waits for you to do a not really motivated phone call or talk to a certain character again. This is albeit the main tasks in your list are all finished. What it means is that more often than one would like, you find yourself walking around all locations and trying out all possible things to get that extra point that lets you progress in the story.Which takes me to my second point:2) The story is awful. It feels like a mix of a cheesy soap opera and teenage horror story. I never watched or read Twilight, but this is pretty much how I expect it to be.You have the young female outcast who accidentally comes to the house of the much older (yet not older looking) professor, who has a dark and sad secret.. blabla. The actions of the characters are really poorly motivated and downright don't make sense( like the one girl you meet, steal her ID, break into her room, search her stuff. She barely knows you, but she still considers you as a true friend after finding out about it and even goes to quite a length to warn you. Which is also rather ridiculous, because finding and gaining entrance to the place where she actually warns you, is the main task of your character and takes her quite a length to achieve, but apparently every other person in the game can immediately accomplish that task without even breaking a sweat.)There are plenty of plot holes and when the whole story unravels and is revealed in the end it feels even more ridiculous. It also feels very rushed towards the end.That said, I like many of the riddles in the game. The difficulty is quite low, so you can play it and finish without much help (except for aforementioned minor and unmotivated tasks) and I liked the idea with the magic tricks you sometimes use to accomplish some things.So,  I feel quite mixed about this game and would have given it a mixed rating if it was possible. If you like point and click adventures and don't mind (or even like) cheesy highschool romance/fantasy stories, then I can recommend it. If plot holes and poor stories put you off, then don't get it. Although sometimes it is so ridiculous that it almost becomes a satire and is funny again. The reason that I opted for negative and not positive is mainly due to the lots of positive reviews that are also quite mixed, so I want to balance it out a bit."
76561198355203907,Recommended,260570,32701578,Posted: 23 June,all,whitt.allison,I would really recommend this game! It has an interesting story I've never seen before and really enjoyed playing it.
,Recommended,260570,25518899,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,IndaChelepska,I really enjoyed it.
76561198006298114,Not Recommended,260570,17000161,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,kod666,"Terrible performance issues on my machine (GFX690, 64GB RAM, 3960X -> 6C, 3.6GHz). Restart does not help. Changing configs to single GPU, rendering strategies, game settings to lowest, etc. does nothing. 3-5 fps all the time.I strongly disrecommend this game, because you can encounter the same issue which makes it unplayable."
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,260570,31122809,Posted: 13 April,all,selambentolgi,"boring and slow game.. the storyline is interesting, but more interesting game play could have been achieved... in-game graphics are decent however the cut-scene visuals are bad..."
,Not Recommended,260570,31930289,Posted: 24 May,all,Brandon4108,"I kinda feel bad to not reccomend this game since I am a huge fan of adventure games. This game has a good, solid story and decent graphics. The backgrounds are amazing and the character designs are pretty good. I mostly feel bad because this could be a really good game with better presentation and coding, even a decent movie with a good screenwriter and director.Most of my beef stems from the fact that the narrtive of the game is hard to follow in the beginning. Its easy to get stuck but at least the map screen shows you if there are still things to complete in each area. I feel like I may have missed some things in the story because I didn't get all the bonus points. It would help if there were achievements for completing the bonus parts, expecially if they added to the story and made things more cohesive. The music and voice acting are decent. The music gets a bit repetitive after a few hours and the voice acting is pretty steriotypical.I enjoyed the story quite a bit and the last few chapters got pretty good, but it felt like a slog often times before I got far enough to get really interested in the story. So if you really love adventure games like I do, then you can probably overlook this games flaws enough to enjoy it. Maybe there will be an aniversary re-release in the future where they tweak it into an amazing game.6/10"
76561197992003047,Not Recommended,260570,14798055,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,VojtCZech,"I like adventures, and I've completed a lot of them. But this one was pretty boring so far.Can't bring my self to play it again... but I might give it a second chance in the future and update my review if it get's any better."
76561197970783143,Not Recommended,260570,17612710,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Johnny,"Pretty disappointing so far, especially the plot.It's storming and the main character is on her way to London on a motorcycle, but the wind turns around a sign post (wow ok...) so she drives in the wrong direction (ofc), then the main character stops at a weird doctor's house, where - it's still storming - she spontaneously applies for a job as a secretary (??), next she somehow appears in a room at this place (?? no explaination how), where your first task is find the rabbit you obviously carried in your bag the whole time(!)... and this is just the first 5 minutes!!It's just too much for my brain. It hurts!...but I'll give this game another chance and may change my option..."
76561197995261821,Not Recommended,260570,29279627,Posted: 15 January,all,Basilious - Master of Solitude,slow like hell... it seems like they have no fix to run it on win 10
76561198052186508,Not Recommended,260570,26155202,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,punɯəɅ,"Technical review: (i7-2600k, 16GB@1066 and GTX970)Hardware cursor doesn't seem to work. The real mouse cursor is invisible, but I have a visible mouse cursor on screen that doesn't move.2160p :The settings screen let's me choose 2160p, but that resolution is broken.Mouse cursor is very tiny and the inventory menu seems to be hard coded to a lower resolution. The menu bar disappears when I move the cursor more than half-way down the inventory images. This makes it impossible to click the next and previous arrows, and the games is therefore unplayable at this resolution.1080p:Normal sized mouse cursor, and the menus works. The framerate is smooth."
76561198326946816,Not Recommended,260570,31362592,Posted: 25 April,all,acquiescentparagon,"I was hesitant to try a game like this, but felt the low price would make it worth the effort.  Some reviews were very positive, so I felt I would give it a fair try.  I usually prefer Myst-type games, so exploring around until I figure out the next step is what keeps things interesting for me.  I have to say, I am glad this game was so cheap.  I lost interest within the first 30 minutes.  The magic trick sequence -because you can't really call it a puzzle, is where I gave up. IThe thought of having to complete more sequences like that was just too much.  Also the incessant clicking on objects for the character to speak some dialogue is monotonous and a detraction.  Maybe I am spoiled after Obduction, Quern, and Infra.  With any luck, I will find more great games like them."
76561198013757528,Not Recommended,260570,20101235,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fen,Eh
,Not Recommended,260570,10205998,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,VITROANIMA,Crap game with stupid annoying puzzles that leave you dumbdounded ex: the crappy Phone booth numbers puzzle in chapter 2.Character are bland and worthless inlcuding the main character who has a very irritation voice and style.Overall 3/10 Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,260570,12806448,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NICE BOY?™,"goddamn, this game aint good.been stuck right after the tutorial, and after clicking on everything you can, nothing happened.then suddenly a room you couldnt go in before opened, and it just was a buinch of things to click, and i was still stuck.the ♥♥♥♥ man?"
,Not Recommended,260570,9721107,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Difrye,"I bought this game on an impuls, and I'm dissapointed. The characters move too slow, they move as if they're robots. The story is pretty boring, and it is not clear what the player must do. Sure, there are progression bars, but they only show the parts of the chapter that have to be completed, not what must be done to complete them. I needed a walkthrough to know how to finish a chapter and that's really dissapointing. I regret spending my money on this, and I wish I could get a refund (which is unfortunately impossible)."
76561198118622556,Recommended,260570,10389195,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,i want to die,this is the best puzzle game i have played ever. The music and graphs are great! It would be perfect if you want to relax and have something exciting to see. The only problem is that the game is a little short to play.
,Recommended,260570,10941951,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kitty Cat,"Wow. This game is one of the best PNC games that I've played since The Longest Journey and Kyrandia. In my opinion this game is worth at least $14.99, which exceeds it's regular price of $9.99, so whether this game is on sale or selling at regular price, BUY THIS GAME.Pros:1.) The story is fantastic and you can tell that the developers really respect their characters, especially the main character, Sam. (I will however mention that some of the voice acting is a little cheesey, but nothing unbearable.)2.) The artwork in this game is on another level. Rarely do you see such beautiful water color-esque work put into a PNC game. I really dig this trend I'm seeing in more and more PNCs.3.) Puzzles range from easy to difficult. In addition, during each chapter you're going to be working on various puzzles at once. Afterall, Sam is playing TWO roles in the game, so she has to do puzzles for both (e.g. magician & assistant). The last chapter is particularly thoughtful in its approach to the puzzles.Cons:1.) The ending was a little quick and felt slightly unfinished. A ninth chapter explaining how everything fit together would have been a nice touch.Overall, I'm very happy that I picked up this game and I'd recommend it to all PNC gamers.Score: 9/10"
76561198063620164,Recommended,260570,10990184,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tbetinyani,"This game is AMAZING! Worth every penny!Great story, nice drawings, good puzzles.I´m very happy with the purchase."
76561198136512095,Recommended,260570,11146067,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Heuristic7,"This game was considerably enjoyable. A bit werid but I love fringe psychology/neurosciencey stuff even if it is a faar way from the reality. However, I was disappoint by some of the character development (it was minimal) and the ending felt very rushed, like, VERY. But on the whole, as I said, it was enjoyable.I'd probably rate is 7/10."
,Recommended,260570,11181503,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,Good game with an excellent soundtrack
76561198028831024,Recommended,260570,10964628,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zaeblack,"Excellent Adventure game. Great story, art, and puzzles. I recommend this to anyone who likes point-and-click adventure games."
76561198012243338,Recommended,260570,19208891,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ShadowNoctus22,"A game that has a really good story and engaging characters you just can't help but love. Seriously, check it out if you love puzzles, paranormal, magic and love."
,Recommended,260570,19258325,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,_KeiSaya_,"Gray Matter is one of my favorite games. I would like more games like this. I recommend this game to everybody.You always want to know what will happen next because the mysteries are revealed little by little.You doubt on all the characters. Even so, they’re all so adorable. At the end, they will doubt on you.Puzzles are perfect, not so easy, not so hard.A world of supernatural, magic tricks and science experiment.Enjoy!Gameplay 5/5Story 5/5Graphics 5/5"
76561198016719278,Recommended,260570,19013813,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Yellow Wizard,Great game with great story. I was expecting another mindless point-and-click but was pleasantly surprised by the pretty solid voice acting and believable character writing. I've seen AAA titles with sky high budgets that didn't have as realistic characters as this game. Soundtrack has some unforgettable tunes also.
76561198054915712,Recommended,260570,19448376,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BloodyJeanie,"i would just like to say that Gray matter was a pretty good point and click game as a whole. i wish the magic tricks had a little more instructions too it. it took me a bit to figure it out. the graphics could have been better, some scenes were a little blurred for my taste, like at the end when you finally see davids face, that scene should have been sharper since it was such an important part of the story. most of your time is spent walking. double clicking is intended to make the characters run. but i couldnt seem to get sam to do this much. even when i /could/ she would get stuck in corners which was really annoying. david seemed to have an easier time of it but still moved to slow for my taste. there was also some text between screens that gave a little info, but most of it moved by too fast for me to read. i remember one was about icarus and daedalus and another was about homer but thats pretty much it. also when playing david you couldnt read it at all because of the black background. but overall i rate this game 8/10 and would definately buy it again. cant wait to see a sequel.my note for a second game would be work on the notebook a little. maybe add little hints or clues. or make it a sidebar or something."
76561198084658109,Recommended,260570,19518373,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SimontheLionHearted,The story was really well done.The end puzzles were sort of head spinning.lol.The end sequences kept me up way past my bedtime.Have patience and use all the tools available and you will love this game!
76561198040564700,Recommended,260570,20114130,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,HouseKilljoy,"Everything about this game rocked except the last chapter or so.  The gameplay was reasonably intuitive (although the labels didn't completely fix the pixel-hunting issue and it was so infuriating waiting for characters to walk around to where you needed them to go that I actually ended up watching a movie in fits and spurts while waiting), and the last puzzle was the only one that was majorly difficult of the lot.  But the storyline tried for so much and built expectations so high that it couldn't help but flop in the ending.  There are more questions than can be reasonably and satisfactorily answered, but basically boiled down to ""but who was phone?""All-in-all, worth playing just for the interesting Daedalus Club puzzles and the lofty goals the main storyline went for, but skip the last chapter if you feel like you need full closure.  You won't get it."
,Recommended,260570,22292676,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nayru,"I'm not sure what it is that I adore about this game so much - it might be the plot, the music, the overall atmosphere, or simply the relationship between two specific characters that isn't exactly love in the romantic sense - but it's practically one of my favorite games of all time.I would recommend this game to anyone who can appreciate an intriguing story and doesn't mind sitting back and taking their time with slowly-advancing point-and-click games.(Don't mind my hour count, I finished the game on my X360.)"
,Recommended,260570,22363421,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,LozzimusPrime,"I absolutely love this game. I first played it back in 2011 for my XBox 360, finished with all the achievements. Really shame there arent any for the PC version. Had to grab it at the cheap price of £1.74.Nice little gothic point-and-click adventure with a touch of magic. The characters are well designed and voice acted. I love Sam and her obession with magic and anything dark. Challenging puzzles that will make you think, a stunning soundtrack and the scenery is great.My good friend Dean wrote an article on it too! Have a look :)http://ready-up.net/reviews/gray-matter/"
76561198143014416,Recommended,260570,21563569,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,iamskullboylesque,"Great game; nice length, perfect range and difficulty of puzzles, and an interesting story (elements of street-magic/illusions with paranormal incidents, though the two are never quite sucessfully linked even if only thematically) featuring two protagonists of sorts. Minor glitch with cutscenes repeating, but nothing major."
76561198159321682,Recommended,260570,21889964,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Wal-star,I LOVED the game.Thank you Jane Jensen.P.S. Samantha kinda replaced April Ryan for me
76561198088380930,Recommended,260570,22150887,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,emasterslake,"Gray Matter is a French/German production game about an independent female magician named Samantha Everett who is traveling abroad in Europe. During a dark stormy night she got lost upon traveling on her motorcycle and got redirected to Oxford due to a broken road sign. Her cycle gave out, and Sam finds herself near a reclusive manor where she seeked shelter at. She was mistaken by the maid for the grad student from Oxford seeking for a job offer for the head of the manor. As the actual grad student never did showed up, Sam decided to pretend to be the grad student sent from Oxford. Before Sam knows it, she is currently taking residence at the manor and the owner of the manor is a neurobiologist named Dr. David Styles. Due to a freak accident, Styles has become reclusive to his manor and rarely leaves it. The job offer as instructed by notes left by Styles and the maid, Sam must recruit six students from Oxford to under go a session that involves brain pattern, memory, and dream patterns. As Sam goes out to fulfill her task, she also seeks to par take in a game that will allow her to be part of the Daedalus Club, a private club where only the best magicians are permitted to join. With her keen sense of intelligence and magic skills she will succeed in gaining her goal as well as helping Dr. Styles find peace with himself. This game has beautifully designed backgrounds that are equivellent to a painting as well as well researched info on Oxford and London in general. Gray Matter is a great addition to any well received point and click game made from Europe as the story and mystery makes you want to keep playing it all the way through. The characters and the plot also have given a lasting impression on me as it's a game I can revisit time and time again. If you love games with strong women protagnogists then I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,260570,13325219,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,badandyhtc,"It's refreshing having a strong, independent, intelligent female main character for once.the voice acting is well done.The puzzles and riddles often require some thought and aren't laid out for you most of the time. One early riddle even requires you to have knowledge of something that isn't even discussed in the game.the amateur magician angle is quite unique and provides an interesting dynamic to the game for manipulating objects and people.I haven't finished the game yet, but I've put in over 10 hours and still enjoying the game quite a bit,I really hope they consider a sequel."
,Recommended,260570,14345271,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Airin_Wolf,"I just the story in this game, and point and click is one of my favorite genre to play. Totalt worth every penny."
,Recommended,260570,9765227,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Aurora,"Good game all in all. Though I would have preferred it to be a BIT longer, it was still interesting. Definately makes you have to think in order to accomplish a lot of the tasks. One of the better point-and-click games I have played seen."
,Recommended,260570,9895326,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Boomz,"One of the best point and clicks i've played in a very long time. And i've been playing them since the goold old MS-DOS days. Great story, music, gameplay, and very likeable main character. Some voiceacting could have been better but it still was far better than many of the games I've played. Also, the game isn't slow as one person reviewed. If you've played enough of these games, you'll realize you can double click to either run or immediately go to the next room. Pretty simple really.Another issue I saw people had with this game was its lack of direction and ""difficulty"". I can understand that argument. Though I actually enjoyed that portion of the game because it was much more realistic in that sense. Too many point and clicks make you do absurb combinations of items and interactions with the environment and I find myself using a walkthrough to figure some of them out. This game didn't have any of those crazy things and I didn't find myself using a walkthrough once. It simply felt as if I were in the mc's shoes and what would be my next step?Anyways, if your a fan of point & click adventures, this game is a definite must play."
76561198034064338,Recommended,260570,9888442,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,NiNJ45t4R,"Overall, I'd give this an 8/10. Grey Matter has a strong, darker, almost gothic visual style. All the scenes are remarkably well thought out and portrayed. The obtuse camera angles and foreground props really immerse you in the locations. The characters are decently developed. The only real weak point in my opinion was the voice acting of the minor characters, Helena and Angela especially. The main cast was solid. The cutscenes were kinda weakly done and some of the character animations were lacking in quantity and alignment. The soundtrack is very good, compelling, and even catchy. It fits the atmosphere of the game well. The story was great and really had me guessing until the end even tho everything did ""wrap-up"" a little too quickly and conveniently. This game is very worth the $10 and will keep you entertained for a week at least. Jane Jensen proves she's still got it! I'm glad this game came to Steam, otherwise I'd have never played it and I'm looking forward to her next one.If you like adventure games, this is highly recommended. It has a more serious tone than say, Golden Age, but still has it's light humorous moments. The style is reminiscent of the original Gabriel Knight- one of the first games that I purchased on CD-ROM back in 9th grade, 1994. There is a cool magic angle for alot of the puzzles and some riddle type stuff. Don't cheat! If you're stuck, just go back to look and interact with EVERYTHING again. Use all your inventory items on everything and everybody. I think we are witnessing the return of the Adventure Game!Source: I've played almost every adventure game from Sierra, Lucasarts, Westwood, ect. Loom, Monkey Island, anything with ""Quest"" in the title which, btw, I believe Quest for Glory was the framework for Elder Scrolls. Thanks for reading; Game On :)"
76561198036338106,Recommended,260570,12622544,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,smelliga,"I picked up this game both because I like paranormal stories, and because the game author came highly recommended.  I was expecting to be blown away, but although the game was good, I don't think it entirely lives up to the hype.The thing that bugged me most of all was actually the writing.  Much of the dialogue, especially Samantha's, felt choppy and flippant.  I didn't really get a sense of personality from her other than ""generic upstart teenager with delusions of grandeur.""  I also didn't like that her character talked big about her ""magician's code,"" and then wantonly broke it at every opportunity for her own personal gain (although maybe that was intentional to show her immaturity).Beyond her character, I was let down by the overly predictable plot.  The premise of the story is solid, and blends together a number of canon paranormal and horror themes, but the way it unfolded left me disappointed.  It is frustrating as a player to so easily figure out what the ending is going to be, but then have to watch your character blindly ignore the clues and run around circles for hours.  I also felt that the ending was entirely avoidable, and the tragedy was shoe-horned in for emotional effect.Despite these issues, the other aspects of the game are top notch:- There is a unique cast of well-developed side characters that have interesting backgrounds and talented voice actors.- The puzzles are creative and varied, with the magic tricks bringing an innovative and novel twist to the genre.  Even veteran adventure gamers will find it both challenging and refreshing.- The art and cutscenes are beautifully rendered, with a blend of hand-painted flashbacks and 3D CGI.  I also appreciated the thematic touches of magic and fantasy that were woven throughout.- There is a good mixture of seriousness and humor within the overall suspenseful atmosphere.- The colour-coded map system is a nice gameplay feature, allowing you to instantly teleport to various location hubs, and informing you of where you still have available actions.- There are several hidden bonus quests and actions which add flavour and depth to the story.  (Although I was sad that there is no in-game reward for 100% completion, nor are there any Steam achievements.  An alternate ending might have been nice.)Overall, I would give this game an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,260570,9942442,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,A Navigator's Map,"Gray Matter is a beautiful game with an intriguing story. I was hooked on playing this game to completion especially after Chapter 4. I love the way this game incorporated neuroscience theories and the magic tricks into its sci-fi/paranormal storyline. Although maybe the 5 senses portion is a bit of an overkill (but it does make sense in the story context)--you do get more backstory that way.I also had the slow performance issue (character moved super slowly, choppy first cutscene) when I first played the game, but that problem went away and never came back after I restarted my machine once. It's not so obvious what the Chapter bonus tasks are, but hey, that's the reward for exploring the game environment."
76561198013024973,Recommended,260570,24354290,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Diego,"I Love the Puzzles and the riddles in this game, they are very carefully designed to make you immersed into the game, the story kept me on the edge of my seat because you kinda feel you are the main character, i would love to see a second version of this game and more people buying it."
76561198192251999,Recommended,260570,22880951,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,frogie_dancer,"I just finished playing it and I like it. I like the storyline, how the game played from two different point of view. We are made to guess all along what direction the story will goes.It's one of Jane Jensen's game, for those who like classic point-and-click adventure game must know that name. So, no wonder the game's storyline is good.There is a bit of a glitch on the characters walking where sometimes they can turn back and turn around before walking in the pointed direction, but it's minor and, for me, didn't take away the enjoy of playing the game.The soundtrack is good, the voice acting is perfect, not to mention none of the characters is annoying I-want-to-strangle-them type.All in all a good game. I wish it could be longer so just I can explore more around oxford pulling magic trick in every corner.One thing I just remember, there is one thing that made me cringe. Please, please do not teach people to hold rabbits by their ears. It's animal cruelty >.<"
76561198085887387,Recommended,260570,22714427,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,erikn1982,"Very good game for anyone who likes point and click mysteries.Great Characters, Story, and Voice Acting.  Several different types of puzzles to solve, though the puzzles themselves could have been a little harder with the exception of the finale which was a bit over the top to say the least.It's not perfect, and one of the game mechanics nearly broke the game.  You have to click on all clickable hot spots in order to advance the story, even if the hot spot isn't really relavent or related to the story.  This means if you miss one chair or vase or anything as you're going through a chapter and get to the point where the chapter should end you get stuck, you'll find yourself running around the entire game world looking for that 1 stupid thing you didn't click on.  Bit annoying.I also have a complaint about the ending, but i'll try not to give too much away.  Basically there's so many subplots going on in the game and most of them are not wrapped up by the end.  It feels kind of cut off.  Could have added another few hours of story to explain why this happened, what happened with that, and what happened with so and so after the thing.Overall a neeat little adventure style game with a main character a little more interesting than average and a scooby-doo type story with a little more originality.Also there's  a rabbit."
76561197988652011,Recommended,260570,22657335,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,swyen117,"This is a very entertaining and fun game. It's casual enough to just pick up and play, but challenging so you don't beat it right away."
76561198037425400,Recommended,260570,22592749,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mori Hattori,"A true adventure game.Challenging and in many ways, unique."
76561198165561778,Recommended,260570,22584463,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Vinnie,"If you're looking for a classic point and click adventure game and haven't played Gray Matter yet, this is one of the games you likely don't want to miss. The gorgeous graphics, interesting story, intelligently designed riddles and a lot of suspense, combined with a masterpiece of a twist at the game's ending, make this game a piece of art.The main heroine is a introvert goth girl that ends up in a rich doctor's manor during her trip around England. Being the manipulative sociopath we soon get to experience fully throughout the game, she lies her way into becoming his assistant. Most of the gameplay comprises of Samantha forging IDs, putting a plug in someone's phone, manipulating people into helping her and breaking in. The other part of the game is collecting memories and doing menial tasks as doctor David Styles, who lost his wife in a car accident that also left him terribly scarred.The amount of riddles is amazing and they are neither too easy nor too difficult. I didn't have to find a walkthrough for any of the riddles, which made me like this game even more, but dispite that, I got stuck TWICE. That was because playing as David you can get very frustrated as what to do next. At some point I clicked through almost every available location to make the story progress. I consulted a walkthrough to find out that there is an MRI room in the basement's main room that  has a computer David can operate. Okay, my mistake. I missed the location that was previously inoperable when Sam loitered around it. But then I got stuck again and couldn't get the story to progress, as I've learned where the Deadalus Club was located, yet it didn't show up on the map. I thought that it was a glitch. After I've checked the chapter's walkthrough step by step, it turned out that I didn't print out a file that was among the files in the folder on David's computer, that suddenly became printable in one of the chapters, so I could use it in... the same place I got stuck before. That made the chapter go to 100% and the Deadalus Club location suddenly was showing up on the map after David left the manor. That was actually rather awkward considering that for Sam the Deadalus Club was on the map and she would refuse to go there saying that she has something to do before.The fact that an errand to-do-list kind of parts of the game require you to click through locations semi-randomly searching for the thing that makes you progress to the next part ruined the game's continuity for me and I was disappointed that I had to look up a solution, because I wanted to figure out the game without help yet I was stuck at trying to figure out what the thing that you're supposed to find at the moment was. It turned out that I could solve every riddle, but I got stuck because there are moments that make you confused as to what you should do - and some parts of thegames were made in a way that there were blatant clues added as what should be done next. The locations re marked with colors ranging from gold through silver to greyed out, showing whether you've done everything in there required for finishing that chapter. This makes me wonder if the people testing Grey Matter requested that to be done, because of the amount of confusion coming from certain actions opening up others in places you've already clicked through a few moments ago and now they suddenly have an NPC that wasn't there before.This goes only for the short chapters where you get to play as David, and Sam's part is pretty much flawless.This is a 9.5/10 game for classic point and click adventure game fans."
76561197995346624,Recommended,260570,24502670,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Hap,"A nice mystery and well chosen setting for a truly enjoyable adventure game highlighted by some great soundtrack and artworks.Despite its slow rythm and, IMO, uninteresting and really easy puzzles the story unfolds and keeps you sufficiently curious for more.Overall, a highly recommandable point & click."
76561198050319593,Recommended,260570,27974299,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,canarikal,"Very good and mysterious adventure game. Beautiful illustrations, good voice acting and characters. Maybe not top ten game but quite well."
76561198087976875,Recommended,260570,30204540,Posted: 26 February,all,christopher.schroeder,"This game was awesome from start to finish.  It's a very long game with 8 chapters.  Graphics were great, sound everything.  There aren't too many point and click games that are this in depth.. SUPER GAME!  I'd pay $29.99 for this one."
76561198009690713,Recommended,260570,30442446,Posted: 11 March,all,lime,"Recommendation qualified noting bugs (well documented and easy to circumvene) and by unnecessarily tedious last 10% of the game with non-sensical puzzles in the labyrinth. Otherwise a delightful, refreshing story in an often repetitious game genre (adventures), with convincing character development. Here is to hoping Jane has one more title up her sleeve."
76561198150297037,Recommended,260570,29834987,Posted: 10 February,all,whynotbatsy,I love the story and the characters - they are very well structured and voiced.The use of magic tricks as a method of problem solving is very neat.The most magical part of the game though is its soundtrack which sets you in just the right mood for the upcoming adventure.
,Recommended,260570,33598233,Posted: 16 July,all,Lady Fefa,"Great game for point and click fans. The story is very consistent and the characters are well developed. Just the ending felt like a bit rushed, but overall is a great game. Smart puzzles and the magic system is very cool. =]I would just maybe change some trigger events... I've got lost so many times because I didn't inspect something in the environment that was necessary to advance even though I did know what to do (without that clue or hint). Maybe the characters wouldn't let leave the scene without getting everything you need... And there was some plot holes too but you can get carried along the story with no problems."
76561197993505158,Recommended,260570,33369427,Posted: 8 July,all,Ruijan,"Very good Point&Click game overall.Bad points:There are some visual and gameplay bugs but not enough to be very annoying. Sometimes, you have to do the things in the exact order and sometimes, something happens later than it should have (phone call for example).However, the end of the game is not complete in my opinion.The music might be quite annoying in the end.The character movements are so so slow...Good Points:The story is interesting and keeps you wondering about what is going on: real or fake magic?The magic part was really fun to do. It made more sense than most of the other Point&Click games.The main character is well build. It is nice that it doesn't fall in any stereotype."
76561198056980805,Recommended,260570,34569373,Posted: 28 August,all,KarmaPaymentPlan,"Don't let the hours mislead, the game is not nearly that long. Just a lot of idle time leaving the game on.The main reason I play point and clicks is for the puzzles and the story. I really enjoyed the story. Some of the puzzling aspects fella little short due to tedious sequencing. To say it without any spoilers when you are 98% done with a chapter and don't know what to do, you may want to consult a walkthrough to avoid aggravation on missing very minor details. It's worth it to complete the story.The story was conclusive. Which is rare for some reason.I'm not sure why but I really really liked the cut scene animations. They seemed to get better and better."
76561198129549033,Recommended,260570,16755583,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Syberian,The game was a little bit boring but I still had some fun. Maybe it's because I'm not a native English speaker. I couldn't understand the entire script.(Thalas..What?)So I fell asleep during gameplay.
76561198311240007,Recommended,260570,34873330,Posted: 10 September,all,a.e.murphy,"Amazing game, just finished and so impressed with the storyline, the twists and the visuals. Though I would have liked to have seen more of a romance between two characters, it was still a beautiful story. It takes a lot to surprise me these days but this game certainly did. I love that with each chapter there isn't an overbundance of menial tasks, there's just enough to keep you occupied without boredom and just enough of a challenge to not make you want to throw your laptop across the room.4/5* from me :D"
,Recommended,260570,34911334,Posted: 12 September,all,myviolinsings,I just finished this WONDERFUL game. It did NOT go where I expected and I am so sad that there will not be a sequel. This is the type of game I love best. Just play it!
