user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,260790,10341055,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,toddhunter,"There is probably some joke or pun to be made about the 1001 spikes but I'm coming up empty. So I'll just say that it looks like the spike maker counted up the order wrong and ...Ok I have nothing. Luckily Nicalis have something quite special in this platformer from the affectionately named ""♥♥♥♥ing troll♥♥♥♥♥game"" genre.The gameplay is simple enough (with one oddity, which I will get to). You enter a level, you avoid traps and make some jumps while also shooting knives at the occasional enemy. You find the key and perhaps the hidden mask object and make your way to the exit. You then repeat this process through longer and more difficult stages until you run out of things to do. Along the way expect plenty of water, fire, snakes, scorpions, crushing blocks, spikes and even more spikey spikes. There isn't anything particularly original here if you have played similar games in the past (stretching a long way back) but what is here has been proven to work.The controls are a little strange in that you have two jump buttons, one ""high"" and one ""low"". This saves you having to judge how hard to press a button (high enough to clear a spike, but low enough to avoid the fire above?) but it can get a bit fiddly at times. Personally I always found myself using the high jump unless a situation specifically seemed to call for it. In these cases, such as jumping on a block without triggering an arrow trap it was handy, but I'm still not sold on the concept. Still, everything works and you can aim your jumps properly and it doesn't feel floaty. If anything, jumping and shooting fails a bit more often than it should, when trying to line up a small object like an arrow (when you are standing shots line up perfectly). This isn't a big deal though, so in this regard the controls get a solid pass.To complement the tight controls, the level design is all important in a game like this and 1001 Spikes doesn't let you down. The levels all seem lengthy but not ""too long"" and there is a good variety in the challenges. For example, one level will have you carefully negotiating spiked passages, waiting for just the right moment to advance forward. The next level will require you to make a series of fast paced jumps as everything falls down around you. Levels feel unique, despite reusing a lot of assets and the effort required to pass them should make them memorable long after.That is, if you don't give up on it. The magic of ""♥♥♥♥ing troll♥♥♥♥♥game"" is in how much they troll you and how much of it you can take. Think you have finished the level? Well you forgot about that block, right at the end which will drop on your head without warning. This will kill you, forcing you to restart the level (no checkpoints here!) in an increasingly infuriating manner. So where does it sit on the troll meter? Above Super Meat Boy, some obstacles you just can't avoid. But it is also well below something like I want to Be The Boshy. Most traps give you a split second of warning, such as the tips of spikes showing before they impale you. Because of this, most deaths (but not all) feel like they are a result of you not paying close enough attention. The game does a good job of training you too. Chance are if you find a good place to rest while you evaluate the next section of a level? There are spikes on that block.So you'll die, but you'll learn and progress always feels achievable (or you can skip levels, so it isn't a big drama). Note that you do technically have a life limit (x1000) but 1ups are easily farmable by redoing short stages and finding the bonus pick up. So 1001 Spikes is tough but just fair enough (think 1-5 deaths on an easy stage, 20-30 on a hard one), which will hopefully not put off too many people.Having said that, one of the most difficult challenges the game offers is getting through the story parts without hitting ""skip"". They are long, stretching on forever and the text forwards far too slowly. I kind of enjoy the ironic tone to the writing, but little of importance is said and there doesn't seem to be any need for a story at all. Rest assured you can safely skip it and get back to the spikes.To round out the package, the game offers other arcade style modes which can be played in 4 player local coop (sorry online fans). These include challenges such as climbing a high tower and competitive modes like holding an urn the longest, which remind me strongly of old NES or even C64 titles and other treats like an extra difficult tribute to a past game. Rest assured too that the coins you collect in those modes are not completely going to waste.Now I'm not a big coop gamer (people who are will love playing through the main game with a friend), so these extras are not necessarily for me, but they do make an easy purchase decision even easier. Further the game provides a wide variety of unlockable characters, each with their own abilities (longer jumps, double jumps etc). This lets you tackles the levels again with different approaches and helps alleviate any concerns about the number of available levels (although there are enough anyway, without spoiling anything, probably a lot more than you think!).In terms of presentation, 1001 is more functional than impressive, but everything does the job. The music is suitably excellent and the sound effects inoffensive. If anything the menu systems and cutscenes could use an extra coat of polish, but as mentioned before they are best skipped anyway, so perhaps skimping on them was the best approach after all.I really like 1001 Spikes. I realise it will not be for everybody, given the brutal style. But it is just accessible enough that everybody should give it a go, just in case they get the right level of sadistic fun out of it.Just keep an eye out for that 1001'th spike. That'll be the one that gets you or ... yeah still nothing."
,Recommended,260790,22755413,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,XpandoObject,"1001 Spikes has the misfortune of coming at a time when we feel like we've had enough of its ilk. We've played Indiana Jones-themed platformers (La Mulana and Spelunky), short-level-many-lives platformers (Super Meat Boy, I Wanna Be The Guy), and technologically accurate retro homages (Shovel Knight). It's unfortunate because 1001 Spikes is all these things, but it's also something more.It tosses out the fiddly analog jumping of Super Meat Boy in favor of digital two-button jumping. You know where your jumps are going to take you, even if you play blindfolded. The challenge is picking the right place and time to jump. There are no leaps of faith. The limited pallet of hazards allows you to grow muscle memory. Far from being an exercise in trial and error, 1001 Spikes is a game you can get good at. My second playthrough took 10% as long as my first.Instead of the single-screen levels of Super Meat Boy, you have levels that you can't finish while holding your breath. There are parts where you really have to think hard about how you can pass an obstacle. There are shortcuts. If Super Meat Boy is a triceps dip, 1001 Spikes is a push-up.If you've played IWTBTG, you'll know that that game can kill you in ways that are funny. 1001 Spikes has jokes too, but they are funnier.1001 Spikes has a story, and a damn good one. It's told in Ninja Gaiden style cutscenes which are long but don't overstay their welcome. It's about a love-hate relationship. The protagonist goes on an adventure to prove something to himself -- when you play this game it will be to prove something to yourself. 1001 Spikes is a Japanese indie game, and when it comes to story it seems like Japanese indie developers can do something that Americans can't. They can set their games in worlds that seem real. They can be sentimental without being sappy."
,Recommended,260790,12645441,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Mango,"This game is NOT I repeat NOT for those who pretain to the following:- unable to Maintain their cool / have a short fuse- Give up easily- Have had no experience with platforming prior to this game- Want a causal experience- Hate spikesNow then onto my opinion of the game. This game is by far one of my favorite platformers that I have played right next to super meat boy. This game is as tough as it can get and if you want to make it far you will need to have the psychologic idea of ""if it looks like it's able to kill you, it probably will""Now I will admit this game's degree of difficulty at times goes down to out right troll level, with traps right at the finishing door which will kind of ruin the vibe of completeing the level. I will also say that Some of the golden skulls as well as levels I would of had no idea how to do unless I googled how to finish it or obtain the skull.Onto some positive notes I personally love the difficulty of this game! I view myself as a veteran; claimably a master when it comes to platforming and and it's nice to see games like this come and basically give you a slap in the face and say ""you think you're hot stuff huh? Try this on for size then"". It gives us gamers the reality check we need to see that we are not ""MLG"" or ""Greatest Platformer in NA"", we are just gamers with more fun to experience with this game and to overcome it through all the hard times and trials it provides. The major positive aside, I also adored how it seemed so retro as I feel it really fit with the style of game, as it was 3D or something, this game would end up looking much worse in my opinion. The music is also divine and the little details really add to the ruins and complete this game. If you are looking for a nice little challenge than please without hesitation pick up this fantastic game. And don't you worry about your extra lives, as you have 1001~"
,Recommended,260790,11015319,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,internisus,"Everybody knows that 1001 Spikes is a masterpiece of mechanics and the pinnacle of level design as an art form, but, for as much as I have relished every agonizing, brilliant moment, my favorite thing about it is the respite stages at the end of each area.  You simply move through the level, free from danger, and ironically these are the moments in which I truly feel like I am on an adventure.It's not that I use this time to reflect on the challenges that I've surmounted.  It's not that transition in which I am saying goodbye to one area with its distinctive tileset before moving on to another.  The romance of these stages is simpler than that: It's just a pleasure to move through an exotic space!  By suddenly stripping away all semblance of difficulty, 1001 Spikes startles you into noticing that one of the basic strengths of videogames is the experience of place.When all of the scorpions and dart-shooting busts and crushing effigies and flamethrowers fall away, there's just you and a decaying ruin, adorned by idols carved from bricks of gold and lit by columns of blue flame, housed within the red dirt of the jungle and deep purple caverns, overgrown with vines that sway as you brush by, curtained by waterfalls and the slowly flooding drip of leaking ceilings, and eroded by lakes of fire barely contained with thick stone dams.  Corridors narrow to a crawlspace and balloon outward into large pedestal chambers.  They wind from side to side, rising and falling, or provide a shambling staircase out of darkness.The fundamental lines of these spatial compositions are as beautiful as the pixel art with which they are drawn, and these little journeys are yet further characterized by situational events.  Rope bridges collapse behind you, imposing doors are opened with the depression of multiple switches or the assembly of several ritual keys, and gates crumble away with the terrain, dropping you into the abyss.  These surprises somehow manage to evoke a sense of mystery even though there are no puzzles to solve and a sense of adventure even though your path is a straight line.  I could play an entire game comprised of these completely safe yet intriguing and enchanting stages.Ukampa lies behind me in ruins, its golden skulls all safely ensconced within my loot sack, but I am not finished with 1001 Spikes.  Not by a long sight.  More adventures await.  Regardless, I am more than ready to say that I don't just enjoy this game; I love it.Update: After completing the game, I was so enamored with it that I felt compelled to make a critical video describing how deftly it uses space in its level design:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5AtwovL_yQ"
,Recommended,260790,14169051,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gunderson Mallard,"1001 Spikes is a great platforming experience that takes problem solving, good reflexes, and patience.1001 Spikes is not on the easy side of platformers, but the learning curve is very fair. Your controls and goal are simple and the ""easy to learn, hard to master"" philosophy is in full effect here. 1001 Spikes avoids one of the big sins of platforming (lack of precision) very well. Your characters have a high and low jump, and some type of attack. The gameplay feels satisfying. With a little trial and error, you will find yourself knocking projectiles out of the sky, dodging pressure sensitive spikes and juggling between high and low jumps. It feels very inutitve traversing the levels and the range and weight of your characters actions begin to feel like second nature. The boss fights are also refreshing.The various characters you can unlock (most being cameos) are all very neat and have their own quirks, however you cannot enjoy them interchangeably. It was such a let down for me to unlock a new character after some hard runs only to find out that I have to restart from level 1 with that character rather than being able pick up where I left off. This can give you an opportunity to play around with all your characters and really get to know them, but the game is kind of forcing you to take character tryouts seriously by pushing you back to square one. With that complaint aside, I found trying out all the characters very enjoyable. Curly Braces from Cave Story is probably the easiest to play with her jet booster, but my favorite is President Thompson with his double jump and machine gun.The alternate modes (or hint hint, there is a whole separate campaign if you know where to look) are fun and add plenty of replay and longevity. The co-op modes were extremely enjoyable and I was actually able to beat some levels with people who were new or rusty to platformers. Still, I would say playing through one of the co-op campaigns of 1001 Spikes with a friend was one of my favorite serious, short, co-op experiences.I think some relative comparisons are in order to be more helpful.I enjoyed Super Meat Boy and Spelunky to an extent: I am not a fan of slippery or floaty characters in platformers (SMB) and I found it was way more fun to just kill all my friends in local co-op than actually try to work together and beat Spelunky (I also preferred the original art style).However, I definitely really like all 3 games, so here are some relevant details:SMB has a faster restart than 1001 and unlimited lives (though 1001 offers plenty of lives and you can always go back and earn more), 1001 Spikes has set levels you choose rather than randomized ones that string together like Spelunky, 1001 Spikes has significantly more unlocks than the other 2, 1001 Spikes has set aside co-op campaigns while Spelunky offers some competition and only the main campaign with enabled co-op, 1001 Spikes has some action in the form of shooting, while SMB has none and Spelunky has more depth with in game shop and variance of weapons, The boss levels in 1001 are a good mix of action and platforming, SMB was strictly speed based platforming, Spelunky feels more like a Mario boss fight.1001 Spikes has a lot of replay value, great controls, and satisfying gameplay. The co-op, large cast of characters, alternate modes and long campaign are equally challenging and fun.(I happened to play it without internet last summer, so please ignore the short amount of hours as it is definitely not accurate)."
76561198004565666,Recommended,260790,31158494,Posted: 15 April,all,brickey.8,"If you're the type that likes ""rage platformers"", this is a very well-crafted specimen. Every detail of every level oozes polish and careful consideration on the author's part. And while the traps do surprise you sometimes, they ultimately are all beatable if you're good enough.That said, the unlockable characters feel extremely tacked on when compared to, say, Super Meat Boy. The ones that do more than look different are all straight upgrades to the main character, but you have to advance through every level separately for each one (no thanks) and they can't collect golden heads for you. Otherwise you can only use them in the game's extra modes; those which I've unlocked so far are comparatively short.Still, for the right person the core game is worth the admission price. And you probably already know if you're that person."
,Recommended,260790,21070834,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Samurai Vader,"1001 Spikes is a difficult platformer made by Nicalis (Cave Story+, The Binding of Isaac). Father of the protagonist is missing - only thing there's left by him is a map and a letter to seek Ukampa ruins in South America. Challenge accepted.Controls are made pretty tight, you won't have any problems regarding movement or jumping, which are required for hard platformers anyway. Jumping isn't depending on the intensity of your button pushing and is always same height, because you actually have two buttons to jump - you can do a small (1 block up) or a big (2 blocks up) jump. But that isn't something bad, you'll get used to it quickly.Level design is nice, all levels are made with emphasis on speedrunning, so they are not long - expect usually about 1 minute per level from start to finish. That doesn't mean you'd need only one minute to beat every level, you'll be dying a lot. There are many traps and passages that just asks for you to die so you know what to avoid next time.The game also requires some basic multitasking skills, as there are passages where you have to check spikes around you, and throw daggers at shooting traps meanwhile - you'll have to count the time of trap reset to throw at the right time. Do you still thing that 1001 lives for 1001 Spikes is enough for you?Controls, game menu and overall presentation of the game is polished and worth the price. That includes sweet pixelart graphics and great 8bit soundtrack that won't get old (well, it did, but you'll still like it).Conclusion:This game is a great buy for those who want a 2D platforming challenge. It's not easy, it requires proper training for every level, and is rewarding enough in the end, with the feel of success."
,Recommended,260790,10340713,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Arturia","A really hard platformer, and a homage/love letter to both old platformers and Spleunker. (As well as to the NIS platformer, Prinny, a Disgaea spin-off, due to the large amount of lives.) 1001 Spikes does a really good job at it's name, giving you a spike death for each of your 1001 lives! It has a ton of content, either local co-op or single player, and tons of stuff to unlock for fun, like extra characters.Each level has a collectable Golden Skull to find, usually hidden, at each threshold they have some extra content for those who dare to get collect them which come in the form of extra modes or characters. When you play as one of the unlockable characters, your level progress is seperate from the main hero and each other unlockable character, and the skulls replaced with coins which you can use to unlock even more stuff with in the shop. Each almost every character plays entirely different, even the cosplay ones for the main hero have entirely different playstyles and plenty of little details to them. (The Belmont cameo cosplay removes your ranged option of a throwing knife, to a shorter distanced whip, in an exchange for damage power, stuff like that.)It might seem a bit pricey at $15.00 USD, maybe even still at the $10.00 USD discount price, but it's worth it. With all that content, along with the option to try a hand at speedrunning the game with the timer aid, or getting a better time on a certain level, there is a lot to love and your dollar goes a long way.The bad side: There are a few bugs, some people are having a little trouble launching the game or getting music to play after death in a level and having to restart, but hopefully they will fix it soon. There are slight workarounds for each bug at the moment, and they aren't making the game cripplingly unplayable.Overall, if you like the idea of the game, and you are up for a tough challenge, it's worth picking up. One of my favorite platformers, for sure!"
76561198060561012,Recommended,260790,17117027,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,-[FF]- Jan Itor,"1001 spike and is a classic 2D action platformer where you play as Aban Hawkins, basically indiana jones minus the whip, who sets out on an adventure to Ukampa to find not only his father but the treasure of the temple in order to prove he is better than him. The 1001 in the title is actually refering to the number of lives you start with. (Though it could mean the spikes because there is a damn lot of them).You have 1001 lives to best your way through all '30' levels of the Ukampa tomb but don't let that discourage you or make you think that's all the lives you have. At the end of each section, you'll find an artifact which gives you a large chunk of lives. Along with those, there is a skull collectible in each level (including the room that's just a straight walk to the artifact) which I highly recommend collecting. Not only does it grant you a life every time you pick it up (It has to be recollected every time you die) but it also lets you unlock new, fun characters.These unlockable characters really encourage replaying the game to see how much better you can do with them, the different ways they can clear the levels with their unique abilities (These characters are also characters from different games which helps to encourage unlocking them just to see who they are. See Super Meat Boy if you wonder what I mean by 'From different games') Lastly these characters also have a different collectible to the skull. In this case, a coin that gives you money from 100 to 1000 and beyond as you get to the later levels which allow you to buy even more lives.For the price you're buying, you're definitely getting your money's worth. Not only is there the main game 1001 spikes but there is also side stories that unlock which take Aban to new dangerous adventures and *Bit of a spoiler* After beating the 'boss', a whole new set of levels open up.It's definitely worth the buy.I can understand that the idea of a rage game can turn some people off when they think of games like ""I wanna be the guy"" or ""Eryi's action"" on steam but erase those from your mind. This game is definitely designed to lead to a rage at some point depending on your patience, of course but it's not one big trap feast. Like you won't walk through trees just for an apple to shoot down and kill you like in IWBTG. It's not that kind.You will stumble into some traps or do something wrong that requires you to kill yourself (Selecting retry in the menu takes a life) but as the game goes on, you will start to spot the signs like in Eryi's action where you can suspect which spots are trapped. Everything in 1001 spikes makes a distinct sound like the click of spikes to help you figure out the timing.I can definitely recommend this game. If this helps you decide to buy it, then I wish you luck."
76561197961494531,Recommended,260790,10339911,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Rapscallion,"1001 Spikes is a hardcore platformer in every sense of the word. It will stop at nothing to impale you on spikes, crush you with a boulder, burn you alive, and then impale you on even more spikes. Some may even call this a rage game by how hard it gets, but stepping up to the challenge and completing each level is really satisfying.Here's a quick look video that goes over the postives and negatives of this game. But for those of you who just wanna read about it, continue below. (Info about other modes below since this only covers story, which is the meat of the game)http://youtu.be/3kUrYLU_9qwLet me begin my review with what this game is about. You're an adventurer exploring trap-infested dungeons, and the whole reason you're there is because you want to get the treasure to prove to your late father that you're a real man. Yeah, a guy with daddy issues. The reason this is called 1001 spikes is because you get that many lives to complete the game with, but you can get more by collecting artifacts and golden skulls. It's pretty straightforward, but the fun comes with the challenging maps.In every level, you need to collect a key, then go to the exit. But it's not as simple as that. Hidden spikes will pop up without warning, dart traps will suddenly fire when you go near, and platforms with fall without warning as soon as you step on them. Because of this, you will die many times and have to start over from the beginning. Yet each time you will become a little wiser and learn the patterns until you eventually reach the end. Very much a trial and error system, but a good one that keep things challenging, but not enough to feel too cheap and make me want to quit.Another good thing is the ability to drag your friends in for some local co-op or minigames. Things can get very hectic and fun as you try to complete levels together or kill each other. Every character plays a bit different too, such as playing Knight Arthur from Ghouls 'n Ghosts and having his armor get knocked off after a hit for a second life. There's even an interesting tower-climbing mode with boss battles if you collect golden skulls to unlock it, so don't forget to grab them as you play the story mode. The last mode you get is basically the same as the story, but the levels are hard right off the bat and you only get 100 lives.However, this game isn't without some faults.-There isn't any online multiplayer, nor is there any bots. So if you're all by your lonesome, half of the game's selling point doesn't apply to you. Sure you can play the levels by yourself, but it's kinda boring and the levels lose most of their dynamics since they cater to multiple people.-Some people may take issue with the pixel graphics and over-saturation of them in today's market. And while I personally don't mind the graphic style, lots of people avoid games simply for this reason alone.-Even though I do like the difficulty, sometimes I found myself frustrated with some of the trial and error gameplay. Can't tell you how many times I was so close to the end only to be sent back to the beginning from a hidden spike trap.-Honestly, I think this should be a $10 game. I was halfway through the campaign after only one and a half hours, so with it being so short on its single-player mode, it may turn a few people away. Though admittedly, the later levels are gonna take you much longer to complete since they start getting insane.To wrap this up, this game is for those who like a challenge. It even caters to those who are perfectionists and want every collectible and the best times. So if you have buds to play with, this is a good buy. But if you only want it for the single player, get it if you've been itching for a game that really pushes you to beat it. And if you're still on the fence, wait for a discount and this will definitely be worth it."
76561198028049202,Recommended,260790,19502886,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kupo Games,"I'm having a lot of fun with this game.The graphics and music draw a ton of inspiration from NES games, as does the incredibly hard and often trial-and-error style of gameplay. While the game is very challenging, and often unfair, it still feels incredibly rewarding because you get a little bit further with each attempt. It's twitchy platforming action with a lot of projectiles, and some cruel traps thrown in. That's probably not for everyone, but I like it.The graphics are beautiful, and I'm very excited to see each new area. It looks and feels like a NES game with some subtle modern touches that wouldn't be possible on a real NES. For example, background vines animate when you walk past them. There's tons of references to classic games like Mario or Ghosts n Goblins, and the cutscenes even have intentional spelling errors!There's tons of content and different game modes too. I've still not seen everything, 11 hours in. And then there's replay value on top of that.However, a lot of what makes 1001 Spikes great also hurts it. The difficulty does ramp up pretty damn high. At first I was playing this game together with my girlfriend, and that was awesome - the levels are well designed for multiple players. But eventually I had to dump her because we were progressing too slowly together. It's hard to concentrate with a group of people when playing such a difficult game.So I guess if I had to complain about something, I'd say more could have been done to make this game more accessible. Maybe an easy mode? Or maybe the whole game should have just been easier in general. I love it as it is, but I would have liked to play the whole thing with friends."
,Recommended,260790,14058776,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,thesycophant,"1001 Spikes is a game I feel like I've been waiting for. Simple mechanics (though the two different kinds of jump add a really strong depth to the limited actions available) coupled with exquisitely thoughtful, punishing level design. There is something exhilarating and magical about a game that gives you something that seems nearly impossible on your first few passes, but soon becomes a second-nature breeze after a few runs, and this game continually throws such moments at you. Put up against other (still worthy) contemporary games that operate from a more classical home console mode of game-making demonstrates just how sharp and vital retro aesthetics and ideas still can be."
,Recommended,260790,12752534,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[IG] RDMT,"1001 Spikes a.k.a. Aban Hawkins vs. Shootface McHateYou.This is not a game for the faint of heart or the buttery of fingers. It's a difficult puzzle platformer that requires more quick reflexes than analytical thinking, those there's plenty in this game to test both.This game is painfully fair as well. There's really only one stage in the game that feels like a crapshoot, and that comes near the end of the postgame. The rest, if you die, it's because you haven't figured out the level yet.There are plenty of different characters to check out once you've beaten the main game with the main character, as well as other game modes to explore. You definitely get your money's worth.If you enjoy difficult games, puzzle platformers or getting sniped repeatedly by wall statues, this game is for you."
,Recommended,260790,16235940,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tokiw,"1001 Spikes take you back to the olden days of platforming, but with the modern ""Rage-Game"" difficulty. With pixel-perfect controls that are very comfortable, this game takes you through beautiful yet deadly maps, all flawlessly and cleverly designed. While most of the traps can be spotted if you look closely enough, unfortunately there's going to be times where the only way to progress through a certain jump is to die, learning what killed you, and how to get passed.Pros=========Rage-Game difficulty (For those who like the challenging platformers)Great level designRespawns are near instantVery crisp and comfortable controlsCons=========This game might be too hard for people who don't have much patienceSome of the traps are B.S. (But only the first time through)The bloody 3-pixel green zone for jumping on one of the later levels (GAHH!!!)The multiplayer feels tacked on (But the Lost Levels/Tower of Nannar are fun by yourself regardless)=====IN CONCLUSION=====All in all, this game was worth every cent I put in to it. I've 100% the game with every character, and had a blast doing it. If you're still unsure, I'm certain this will go on sale at some point, but don't wait too long! You're missing out on a good time."
,Recommended,260790,11328025,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Nitman99,"Disclaimer: If you inherently can’t stand timing-based platforming and a certain level of trial-and-error/memorization, this game is not for you.Mario really changed platforming huh? I mean he pretty much created it with his appearance in Donkey Kong, but it was Super Mario Bros. that defined core platforming mechanics for years to come. Chief among these is the jumping itself: SMB added a momentum based system as well as variable jump lengths depending on how long you held down the button. Put these together and you had a game that just felt better than any other game at the time. Fast forward to today and we’re in a resurgence of the genre, with a new SMB, Super Meat Boy, taking its place as king with the most refined Mario controls to date.How does 1001 Spikes fit into this? Well…1001 Spikes scales back the jump mechanics to pre-Super Mario Bros.; there’s no momentum system or variable jump based on length of button press. Instead, there are just two jumps: a jump that clears 1 tile and a jump that clears 2 tiles.What does this mean? Well as far as negatives go it means that you never get the same sense of great game feel as you do in Super Meat Boy. That’s not to say the game feels bad though; you can change the direction of your jumps in mid-air, so it’s not clunky like Castlevania or Ghosts n’ Goblins. It also means that it’s more accessible; you have to worry less about mastering a complex physics system and more about your timing and reflexes. With more reliable jumps you can also have more daunting challenges, without a lot of the error in the trial-and-error.But the biggest thing it facilitates is puzzles. It’s not always advantageous to use the high jump, even with jump correction; the game makes you use both. You see, most of the game’s obstacles are traps, with slight visual clues of where they could be. This works synergistically with the jump system; you’ll have to constantly think on your feet about where traps could be located and how to handle them, but because of the rigid jumping you’ll also have to problem solve about what sequence of jumps and landings to use to get you to your goal. There are a lot of “puzzle platformers” out there but more often than not they’re puzzle games that just happen to be platformers. This game uses platforming as its puzzle mechanics; rarely do I see a game so multifaceted and yet so singular in its design. Even once you’ve carved out a path you’ll still have to think quickly to execute it; unlike platformers like Meat Boy there’s no clear break in between obstacles. Traps add an extra sense of cohesion to the levels as you have to keep moving and thinking on your feet with no time to catch your breath. It’s a really unique feeling for a platformer, and frankly it’s exhausting at first. But as you play more, you’ll get better at the game and at the quick thinking and memorization needed to complete each level. While the game doesn’t build in the sense of reward like Super Meat Boy does, it doesn’t really need it; by the time you beat each level, you’ll have gained the satisfaction of solving a puzzle and of executing tight platforming in one.This is all reinforced by a smart lives system where you have to actually learn how to play the game, and not just muscle through it like Meat Boy, so that you can preserve your lives and prevent yourself from starting over from the beginning. It – oh wait, you don’t have to start over? You just get three more lives? …Then what’s the point?This is the start of a few baffling decisions; why have a life system at all? Or a level skip option? Why is there a store anyway? I get that it creates a strong connection between the side modes and characters and the real gameplay as Aban but it ends up feeling grindy and “pay-to-win”.Speaking of side modes and characters, this game has a lot of content! There’s a single screen Mario Bros. style fighting game, a Kid Icarus style climbing game with scroll locking, and The Lost Levels, which actually is the game I expected except in short form, with a reduced number of levels and only 101 lives, but a Game Over if you lose them all. It doesn’t introduce any new mechanics but it does put them together in new ways, and to be honest a shortened form probably works better for that Game Over concept anyway.The best part of the game though is the level design. With rigid jumps and movement speeds there’s already a lot of potential for fine-tuned gauntlets to jump through, with a lot of pixel-perfect platforming that really matches the aesthetic and gives you the feeling that nothing about this experience should have been any different. But what’s great is how it layers it: every level has a teaching layer, a “get through the level the first time” layer, and a speedrunning multiple path layer, and everything in the game is created with these layers in mind, all without ever sacrificing internal logic. There are no scripted events here; everything is created using the tools given, and anticipation of how the player will tackle it. So let’s say there’s some spikes on a timer, and there seems to be a conveniently different colored block as a safe spot. Well that block is going to have logic to it; it’s not going to be just arbitrarily discolored, but discolored because, it has hidden spikes in it, or maybe it’s actually a cracked block and will break when you stand on it. When all of these layers and the logic within them come together it creates a world that feels like it existed before you and will continue to exist after you’re gone, rather than just a series of arbitrary obstacles. You create the timings yourself, there isn’t one set way you have to do it; a favorite mechanic of mine includes pushing a sliding ice block, that you can jump on and ride. Its velocity is set and firm, but it’s up to you to set it into motion, not the game. This is a damn fine platformer, and in my opinion, probably bests Super Meat Boy as my favorite to date."
,Not Recommended,260790,24488317,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Challak,"Summary:Not recommended for those who are frustrated by ""surprise"" deaths. You will die MANY times in a level simply because getting through it is a long sequence of ""trial and error"" attempts where you'll be killed by traps and hazards that provided no forewarning to their existence or nature, and so succeeding becomes a series of deaths that provide the experience you need to memorize where the dangers lie so that you can combine that with skilled platforming and attack shots in order to pass a level. Repeat for the next level, and so on.I'm not one to enjoy either trial and error experiences, or a memory game, so I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,260790,28932025,Posted: 2 January,all,Showbizelephant,"The main flaw with this game is the level design. The levels are fun once you figure out where all the hidden traps are, but in the end you are going to feel really cheated when you have to take 10+ cheap deaths guarenteed in the later levels on top of the several deaths it will take to get back to where you died last time. Spikes should not be completely invisible to the player until they step on them. Overall the game is really frustrating for all the wrong reasons. I love games that are really hard, like Super Meat Boy, but this levels are designed to be progressively more unfair rather than more genuinely difficult. Once I know how to beat a level I can beat it in about 5 tries. A game that would normally take about 50 tries and 30 minutes to complete is artificially lengthened by these cheap traps in literally every level to the point where some levels take upwards of 100 deaths the first time you play them."
,Recommended,260790,25766003,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Selenography,"My expectations going in: persistence platformer, retro, loads of deaths, I'll grind through it in a few hours and be done.My impressions playing: 'Wow, this is actually well-designed. Doesn't feel cheap, but is challenging. Wait, there are arcade modes? More story levels? You can play as Commander Video?!'1001 Spikes has a boatload of content, far more than I'd anticipated. On top of the regular 30 story missions, you have another 20+ after you beat the main game...and the characters that you unlock aren't just reskins. They all play differently, and even have their own cutscenes for the story missions. There are, potentially, hundreds of levels to play if you enjoy going through with slightly varied mechanics. It's a good thing this game doesn't have leaderboards, otherwise I'd be enslaved for months.It's a persistence platformer, with all the swells and pitfalls that entails. You will die - a lot - and there's very little that you can do about it when you first run a level, unless you're preternaturally gifted and/or untrustworthy of any flat surface. Yet, it never feels outright unfair; every time you die, it's invariably due to your own errors rather than the game cheesing you, and you learn from every death. It's a fine line to tread, making a game like this. Too difficult, and people get turned off by cheap deaths; too easy, and the target demographic isn't getting the sense of trial and accomplishment that they're looking for. 1001 Spikes manages that particular high-wire act quite well, with the obligatory transition from simpler beginning stages to monstrous latter levels not being too stark. There's no I Wanna Be The Guy-esque horrors lurking within.The game has quite a quirky undertone to it conveyed via cutscenes, and the different costumes and characters certainly add to the fun. Although it's relatively barebones in terms of assets, the levels are designed very well and you can tell that plenty of love went into the game. Hats off to Nicalis for another game that's fun both in tone and gameplay. For example, the artifacts in the game give you tons of lives (which you'll need), but if you replay their levels and try to collect them again for farming purposes? Nope - it disintegrates, and it'll be a 1-down for you. It's those little details that help foster goodwill towards a game and dev team.The characters and costumes, as mentioned before, all play quite differently. Commander Video is floaty, some have a double jump, some can cling to ledges - even Aban's costume changes make him toss Hadokens around, or be able to tank a hit without dying. Controls are simple, but tight enough and I experienced very few BS deaths due to hit detection or glitches, which is a major plus in the genre. The OST is good too, albeit somewhat repetitive after you perish for the umpteenth time due to uprooting spikes of doom.1001 Spikes - not perfect, but a fine example of a game that packs a lot into a framework, doesn't overreach, and makes sure everything is designed and plays smoothly. If you have a hint of masochism about you and don't mind dying repeatedly while you inch incrementally forwards, this is a game you'll want to look at."
,Recommended,260790,14331323,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"1001 Spikes at first glance seems like an unforgiving, frustratingly difficult, sadistic game.But really it just comes down to:""Oh, I haven't done this level yet. Well let's expect to die a couple times to either spikes coming out of the ground or some boulder falling on my head because I'm trying to dodge the completely obvious traps first.""But that's where the fun comes from...First entering a stage and figuring out where the next spike-trap is that's gonna kill you and having a sense of pride come to you when you just barely jump to safety. Only to have your hopes and dreams shot down by a statue that fires a dart in your face, but don't worry you remember exactly where that spike-trap is and to throw a knife to block the statue's dart only to land and the floor falls from under you... Welcome to the wonderful life of Aban Hawkins.The level progression of the game is pretty good. They don't just throw everything at you from the get-go and expect you to be absolutely afraid of every step you take through Ukampa. Every 5 stages you get a nice little break in the action to just walk peacefully through the temple to get the key and progress to the next chapter.The controls are solid, there's no momentum in the game so you stop moving Aban and he instantly stops moving but the thing that might get you at first is there's two jump buttons. There were a few times where I'd franticly be jumping and throwing my knives, dodging traps and just suddenly find myself fall down a pit because instead of doing a high-jump, I had hit the normal-jump button.The game's decently long and along the way you can collect Golden Skulls (There's 30 of them, one in each stage) and once you get so many you start unlocking other modes to play (All the unlocked modes can be play with up to 4-players).-There's a tower mode where you pick your character, climb a tower to save a princess and collect treasure along the way.-There's Lost Levels mode where you pick a character again, and go through chapters which consist of 3 stages and each chapter is a tileset from the campaign mode and each stage has coins you can collect.-There's a mode that was meant for 4-players. You hit a golden chalice for coins to pop-out and try to see who can get the most coins before time runs out.You will also start to unlock other characters which have their own unique gameplay mechanics.It's one of those rare platformers that really makes you feel like you acomplished something great once you beat it. All that hardwork, all those tears, all those controllers you broke along the way and if that wasn't enough for some of you, you can also play through the entire thing again as a different character to unlock their own cutscenes.A fantastic game worth every penny!"
,Recommended,260790,10501997,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Highwang,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8rO3T3qYB0
,Recommended,260790,22350315,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,- dan -,"A tough as nails retro platformer from one of the cave story+ developers, 1001 spikes is an infuriatingly difficult game. There are a good selection of stages and modes and the co op mode is hilarious. The game has a neat Indiana jones style storyline and acsthetic which i quite enjoyed. Graphics and sound are well done and the controls are tight, another excellent game from nicalisGood-very polished-tough but fair-lots of contentBad-crushingly difficultrecommended if you enjoy brutal retro platformers 4/5"
76561198051084556,Recommended,260790,16579304,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,HardPenguin,"If you enjoy platformers and the high diffulty is what you see as a challenge, not discouragement, this is the right game for you. I call it 'a mild version of I Wanna Be The Guy'. Just like in legendary IWBTG, 1001 Spikes levels are designed to ♥♥♥♥ you over, but beating them is certainly possible, if you are smart, swift and patient. Because like in every hard platformer, patience is what you will need the most, to learn how to deal with different kinds of traps: arrows flying from level walls, falling rocks, lava, moving platforms, disappearing floor and of course, countless spikes. The game will provide you with few hours of entertainment for the main campaign only - and few other gamemodes plus local multiplayer are what you can play right after.To me, it is my third favorite platformer, right after Super Meat Boy and Electronic Super Joy."
76561197977414858,Not Recommended,260790,16606488,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ironmanp23,"DON'T USE FULLSCREEN!This is not a review of gameplay but a warning.  If you use full screen, there is a game breaking bug that can crop up that will not allow you to start the game up after quiting.  The only fix I know of is to delete the common file (and possibly save data) from your Documents/My Games/1001 Spikes/Saves file."
,Recommended,260790,18551873,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,djeiden,"This game... it's something. It's unforgiving but rewarding. Controls are precise and tight.You can get a little confused, cause there are 2 different jump buttons, high and low, but I got used to it pretty fast.My only problem with this game it gets a little bit too Trial and erorr'y. But levels are short, so it's not that bad. There is a giant roster of characters, with different abilities.So if you like insanely hard platformers, you should definitely buy this."
76561198023884900,Recommended,260790,15706292,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,o_O,"A great little game that deserves more attention.I can understand why, looking at the trailer and screenshots, 1001 Spikes might appear generic and uninteresting. Give it a try though, and you'll discover sublime and intuitive controls, and some of the tightest design I've ever seen in a precision platformer.Make no mistake, this game is difficult. But every level is a joy to experience (with one exception in the main game - the extras are weaker). It's hard to describe what good design feels like, but play through the first couple of worlds and, if you pay attention, you'll notice the perfect pacing, natural introduction of mechanics, and challenges that feel satisfying and fun rather than random and frustrating.I'm easily frustrated. I hate the stupid little whip in Spelunky and the rubbish jumping in so many games of this genre. But nothing in this game got to me. It's because this game doesn't cheat its way to difficulty. It gets there the hard way, and when you're done with it, you won't want to throw the controller away - you'll wish you could wind back the clock and do it all again."
,Recommended,260790,11247981,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DanGheesling,Great game for anyone who loves difficult but fair platformers. A lot of value packed into this game. Very well done.
,Recommended,260790,19394606,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,eluc,"Hard as nails but incredibly addicting. You probably already know from the screenshots and trailer if this is your kind of game or not, but I would recommend it to anyone looking for a seriously challenging game.As a completionist I 100%'d the game, golden skulls and all but even without you're looking at a solid 15-20 hours of gameplay. One of my favourite games of 2014, which is something I didn't think I'd be saying when I bought it."
,Recommended,260790,10387180,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Power,Have you ever been to hell?
,Recommended,260790,18706218,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,{GCN} Gen. George Washington,"This is a game on the same level of difficulty as I Wanna Be the Guy, but I felt that some of the levels erred on the side of unfair. That being said, I would certainly recommend this game if you're looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,260790,12405101,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,AbbadonOfHell,"1001 Spikes might throw the occasional cheap and dirty trick but for the most part it plays by a set of rules. You follow the rules you'll do fine on most levels aside from two which were complete hair-pullers for me (9-4 and 10-4, if you're wondering. Yes, it's difficult but far fairer than many of it's nay-sayers claim. I honestly found it to be easier than Super Meat Boy and it doesn't do as much out of nowhere stuff as IWBTG."
76561197969230223,Recommended,260790,10401637,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Rococo!,"1001 Spikes is Spelunky's perfectionist cousin. It's a masterclass in how to design tight, precise navigation puzzles. Pay attention! it shouts. Not good enough! Do it again!"
,Recommended,260790,13916447,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sponkmonkey,The number was in no way exaggerated.
,Recommended,260790,11295552,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Chuck_Knifeblade,It's like super meat boy and I wanna be the guy had a meth baby and it was raised by la mulana.
,Not Recommended,260790,16574592,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Goldicot,"This game is not a brutally difficult platformer in the vein of Super Meat Boy or a challenging platformer in the vein of Braid or a casual platformer in the vein of New Super Mario Bros. Wii. This is a trial-and-error platformer in the vein of Limbo, but without the visual aesthetic to go with it. This game has the precision platforming of Super Meat Boy, but it's coupled with cheap, un-telegraphed deaths that force you to play the same level several times, not only to time the jumps and attacks but to learn the environment. It's an artifical difficulty, not a fair one. If you're looking for another experience like Super Meat Boy or a challenging platformer, you are looking in the wrong place."
,Recommended,260790,13300022,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,RAIZO,"Lives and spikes, spikes and lives…this game is often a hellish gauntlet of precision timing and rapid death that harkens back to the days of Nintendo and platformer-hell gaming.  Seriously, there’s a particular sub stage (I won’t ruin the cheap and fatal surprise for any that haven’t played this yet, so sorry…no specifics!) that attempts to kill you in the 1.5 seconds you need to allow for the exit to open once you reach the door with the key.Yes, the developers certainly don’t hold back in this game and will attempt to kill you at every turn when possible, so spikes aside, be on the lookout for anything that could potentially kill you…and avoid it at all costs! But don’t let any of that hold you back.  The music is quite catchy and the pixelated graphics have that nostalgic feel that most people seem to love (or hate? – I guess for those that are getting sick of Steam being flooded by all these indie/retro games).  There are mult. game modes, additional characters to unlock (some with unique abilities that make it easier to complete stages, which is very cool), and even a store that allows you to purchase further unlockables with the right amount of coin (obtained in game of course, though some things are pretty expensive so if you really want them you’ll have to start saving, but even that shouldn’t take too long depending on what you want to get).Oh yeah, there’s even bad spelling/poor syntax that may vaguely remind one of the likes of the ‘All your bass are belong to us’ phenomenon of Zero Wing or the ‘Be garbage of cesspool’ comment from the dumbed-down-for-Nintendo version of Splatter House.  Sure, it wasn’t as bad as those, but it was still fun to see regardless.The game is fun, so get it, at least when it’s on sale.  But if you really like getting killed repeatedly by the most insidious environmental trap ever conceived of in a game – yeah, you guessed correctly if you thought spikes - then this game is most definitely for you."
,Recommended,260790,12664654,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,carver379,"There are a lot of good levels in single player and a large number of characters. Some of the characters are very similar, but there are enough unique ones that it doesn't really matter too much. The multiplayer modes are decent, but not as good as the singleplayer. The game has lots of traps, but once you die to one you can anticipate other similar traps later. I never found it to be too unfair, since it's pretty much impossible to run out of lives."
,Recommended,260790,12271514,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Chas,This game makes me not hate my ex-wife.
,Recommended,260790,10361731,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Beldarak,"Really nice game. It's really challenging but the controls are very good so you don't die because of them. The game can be pretty unfair with traps that you just can't avoid the first time but you progress quite quickly and finishing a level is really satisfaying.The music is nice (if you like retro sounds)You can unlock a lot of things like new characters or game mode (there isn't much but they're nice and original).And finally you can play with friends, I didn't try it yet but it sure looks like a lot of fun."
,Recommended,260790,23972172,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Amestis,"Yes, this game's difficulty is not for everyone. Yes, this game will troll you several times. And yes, you'll die a lot — sometimes just a couple of steps away from clearing a level! If you can't stand any of that, then I'll get this out of the way for you right now: just give this one a miss, but at least strongly consider buying it. Otherwise, go right ahead and grab this game! It's pretty cheap and yet provides a fair amount of bang for your buck.The presentation is amazing, the 8-bit-style art looks great (both in-game and during cutscenes), and most notably the controls are tight, precise, and work like a dream. You have a button for each a low and a high jump (one and two tiles high, respectively), and you also have a shoot button to take out the occasional critter, stop projectiles that are coming at you, break blocks to unveil secret collectibles, and change the trajectory of spinning blade traps. Mastering these controls is key to survive the increasingly deadly gauntlets you'll come across along the way.Throughout the game, you'll be able to unlock guest characters from other indie games. Each character has their own gameplay gimmicks such as higher jump height, hovering, or rapid-fire shooting. There are also a few unlockable extra game modes but I personally didn't find them that interesting.If you're a fan of NES-styled, tough as nails titles, I can't recommend this one enough. The levels are tough but they never feel like they're impossible, although a few of them may have an RNG factor which could lead to some unfair, perhaps even unavoidable deaths. I will admit that I quit the game a few times because of stuff like that, but there was something about it that kept me coming back. It's fun, addicting, challenging, and very satisfying once you get the hang of it.(P.S.: The adorable Curly Brace from ""Cave Story"" is one of the guest characters in this game!)"
,Recommended,260790,31165612,Posted: 15 April,all,yuru,"Extremely enjoyable 2D platformer, starts off casually easy and ramps up into nightmarish hardcore."
76561198043668938,Recommended,260790,32998682,Posted: 29 June,all,northern-valkyrie,Very Difficult and time consuming... still fun
,Recommended,260790,10588585,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,technonaut,"It's like a more fair IWBTG. I always felt like the game cheated me in IWBTG, but in 1001 Spikes every death feels like my fault. Ridiculously hard, but really fun and rewarding. Great music and graphic style that I excpected from Nicalis."
,Recommended,260790,10349944,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Rhihad,An amazing platformer entry to fill in the void of difficult games. Great controls paired with solid level designs make the game a real gem to have and to hold. Anyone who enjoys pixel art should also enjoy the cool graphical content the game offers.
,Recommended,260790,23941840,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HudsonWolf,"1001 Spikes is a game that seems like it should be frustrating, which makes it all the more impressive that it generally isn't. Between the well-cultivated atmosphere and the responsive, reliable controls, a death doesn't feel like you've been cheated, even when spikes suddenly skewer you from the platform you thought was safe - rather, it feels like you and the ruins are each constantly plotting to outwit the other.That's not to say that it's not difficult, just that the difficulty, speaking as someone who is just past the halfway point, seems fair. In general, even the most nefarious traps give just enough warning that in theory you could avoid them all the first time  you saw them - though, well, that's not too likely. While the game makes a point of being 'hardcore' with your life counter steadily ticking down from 1001 and autosave keeping you honest, it's more forgiving than it looks there as well - the relics you collect at the end of areas give you bonus lives and it's fairly reasonable to stay 'on pace'. There's also a nice variety of levels and challenges to face - some where you'll be carefully planning out each move, and some where you'll be madly dashing through corridors.In all, 1001 Spikes feels as though it turned out exactly as intended - simply put, it's a well-crafted game, and one worth experiencing."
,Recommended,260790,10355785,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,StealthRevealed,"After buying this game on a whim after noticing it was developed by the cave story guys, I found myself fully enganged to the point of finishing the entire campaign (while collecting all the golden skulls), and unlocking nearly every character all in one sitting. I had NO IDEA I would get hooked so fast on such an impulse purchase.At first glance, this game seems like a simple platformer with retro graphics and unrelenting difficulty. But under the surface, there is SO much more to this game.While the game is hard, and by hard, I mean INFURIATINGLY hard, it isn't hard because of broken controls, bad mechanics, or unfair elements. It is hard, because it puts YOUR skills and YOUR reflexes to the test. The controls are extremely tight, leaving every single mistake jump, or accidental shot up to you to make. Did you just land on a spike trap and die? It was your fault. Did you just throw your knife in the wrong direction to block an arrow trap that you almost didn't notice until it shot at you? Sucks to be you.Every level is designed with traps, spikes, enemies, and lava for you to die from, and if you don't pay attention, you will miss something important. Observation is the key to survival. If you find a spot to take a breather, (which in the later levels is VERY rare I might add) you better use it to look around and plan your next move. It almost becomes a strategy-puzzle-platformer on certain levels due to the sheer depth of the mechanics.But even in the most hellish pit the game has to offer, (I'm looking at you 4 - 5) it never feels unfair, or like the odds are against you. You can do this, and you KNOW you can do this. and after you fail, you only get that much stronger. And there is no comparison to the satisfaction you get from finally beating that one level that gave you SO much hell. The relief from the adrenaline alone is worth it.In a nutshell, get this game. Just do it. Learn a thing or two about completing a game with true skill, and not because the developer gave you this pretty little path with rainbows to follow, and checkpoints around every corner, making sure that every failure feels as if it didn't even matter.10/10"
76561197980503707,Recommended,260790,13763137,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zaimad,"TL;DR: Buy this game if you like challenging platformers and don't mind dying often, as the mistake that caused your death will be your fault to begin with.You've probably already read another review of 1001 Spikes. You have initially 1001 lives to try to conquer the ruins of Ukampa, but fret not: they ARE plenty, and you can always buy more lives for a relatively easy to acquire in-game currency (and cheaply) that you get from playing the side missions (at no cost to your current stock of lives, too).Gameplay is simple: you are a man (or a woman, or a zombie, or a robot... unlockable character) that has an attack to deal with nasty scorpions and dart traps, and you can jump both high and low. Knowing when to jump how high is the key to the basic game, as is timing and learning trap patterns to safely avoid the very-much-so-avoidable untimely death.But, perhaps this isn't what you wanted to hear about 1001 Spikes, so let's talk difficulty. The game is quite simple, but it may take a while to master and is definitely not a walk in the park for those that aren't used to playing platformers nor have the patience to deal with repeatedly dying in a level. I consider myself a pretty good gamer in this type of games and I cleared the (basic first half of the) game with about 180 deaths in total for the span of Ukampa; having just unlocked the Antarctic I can already say that the challenges are just beggining for me.And, since some people aren't that great, you can at least visit all levels by skipping some. Just... don't get disheartened by seeing the difficulty increase as well; arguably, the different levels test different competences of yours to different degrees, so chances are that you can clear the levels past the ones you might skip.I mentioned the unlockable characters, and I'd like to add that they are significantly different from the default character, Aban Hawkins. From speed diferences to attack differences to air-jump actions, they are all unique in their strengths. If you simply care about reaching the end of the game, unlocking all of the characters will require you to clear most of the game with Aban while collecting golden skulls... but still very early on you can unlock cool characters like ""Master Chef"", the powersuit assault-rifle-toting badass, which will have an easier time with dart traps for instance. Oh, and just so you know, each unlockable has their own levels (i.e., they are the same, but to reach 3-2 you have to have cleared 3-1 with that specific character; you can't unlock a level on other characters to move forward).I didn't really want to get too deep with this review, but I feel I must also mention the local multiplayer. Basically, you can complete a set of levels with your friends to earn some of the ingame currency or even all by yourself in what I mentioned as ""side missions"" at the beggining. The Tower is a very interesting place to earn some coins, but if you're into the Lost Levels and are good at it you can rake the money in even faster. If you simply want to go head-to-head and out-coin your friends you can also play in mini arenas. I can't comment on how fun they are since I can't experience them in their full glory, as the friends I have wouldn't even touch a controller for the purpose of avoiding some spikes and collecting coins, but I imagine that if you have like-minded friends that wouldn't mind giving it a go this could be extremely hilarious on several places. Just remember: ONLY LOCAL multiplayer, NOT ONLINE.The music is good, the sound are great too. Visually you've already seen a trailer, so I can only say that in my opinion everything feels in place. There's also plenty of humour in the cutscenes and nifty references to older games, and 1001 Spikes is a good challenge for a world that refuses to churn out platformers in favour of whatever else gimmicky sandbox people seem to love, so it would get an instant recommendation from me just for that, but I can safely say that this game is plenty good from what I have already played...Also, don't disregard the game for its price. It may be almost 10€ without a discount, but owning some of Nicalis' previous games (i.e. the same publisher) it lowers automatically by 33% instantly, and it usually stacks with other discounts of 33% (for 66% off total price). And chances are that if you're reading this you may already have some of them, or at least Cave Story, on Steam."
,Recommended,260790,15478358,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Bigosaur,"Great puzzles, tight controls, precise platforming... and music is quite good too. We also tried 3-player co-op and it's hilarious.There's that bitter-sweet feeling when you just beat a puzzle only to get welcomed by surprise trap on the next step. On some levels you'll be happy, on some other you'll be thankful it's finally over. If you liked Rick Dangerous or VVVVVV, this is a game for you.There are some minor bugs, like using controller in menus made me had to move two sticks at the same time to change the active menu item. And sometimes in co-op mode one of the characters changes to default (although we selected a different one in versus game and  it stuck for some time). But overall, it's one of the best games I played this year."
76561198034199250,Recommended,260790,15906154,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Strawberry-Li,"I absolutely adore this game. Every sprite and tile (with a few exeptions) has three colours, just like the NES. The music (also retro), is outstanding. The story is great to follow along, and there's 18 playable characters, most of which have their own story, in addition to the story of the three extra arcade modes's stories. The difficulty is hard, in a fair way; If you mess up, it's your fault, not the game.I'd Give Aban Hawkings and the 1001 Spikes: The Temple of Dead Mourns the Living a 10/10. get it.PS: ALSO SIMULTANIOUS 4-PLAYER LOCAL MULTI-PLAYER FOR EVERY GAME MODE! WUHUAHUAWHAHAHHUUUAAAAA"
,Recommended,260790,11221457,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,GijsSickenga,"Harkening back to the NES era, this game is a masterpiece of design, sporting tight as hell controls, great pixel art and a nightmarish difficulty curve. When I say nightmarish, however, I mean it. This game pulls no punches. If you're easily frustrated, stay away, but if you think you're a bad enough dude (or gal) to make it through 1001 traps without pulling literally all of your hair out, this game is for you."
76561198059424897,Recommended,260790,11141604,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Idaho Jack,"If you hate yourself, you owe it to yourself to play this game. Hardcore, frustrating, defeating, 1001 Spikes is one of those rare games that is actively out to kill you, the player, and it will do so often, to hair-pulling results. I love it. I love it to death. I love every single awful teeth-clenching second of it. Just remember: if you want easy, go play something else. Anything else. If you want something that is genuinely satisfying each time you beat a level, play this."
,Recommended,260790,10520932,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,hintzilla,"fantastic art, music, and level design. great for people who love being very angry."
76561198109070454,Recommended,260790,21164177,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nensuru Tripa Seca,The good-The challenge: Hard but fair. Some traps may look unavoidable but if you take your time to  look at the enviorment clues you could see it coming.-Graphics/Sound-The depth: Most of it comes from the ways the levels try to kill the player. Movement is rather simple and easy to master.-Co-op: The singleplayer campaing is avaliable for up to 4 players to play and the progress carries over. Local co-op only.-Replayability: Many characters to unluck and most of them has a unique ability that changes the way you play.The bad-
,Recommended,260790,10386434,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Jindo,"If you are a fan of Super Meat Boy, Cave Story, I Wanna Be The Guy or other platformers that offer some kind of a challenge then you absolutely must try this game out.A lot of games have problems with their difficulty curve where some part of the game will come across as significantly easier than the surrounding levels, from what I've encountered this game's difficulty curve is pretty flawless, each stage gets more and more difficult.With all the challenge and death and frustration, the game is still incredibly fun and very difficult to put down. Any fan of difficult platformers will find many hours of enjoyment from this!"
,Recommended,260790,10896797,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lumi,"Can we talk about Aban Hawkins & the 1001 Spikes?We're gonna talk about Aban Hawkins & the 1001 Spikes.I'm gonna start with few statements that are all absolute facts:You truly feel being alive during this. This is like if Dark Souls was made for adults. You will never leave the ruins of Ukampa Temple alive.Did any of these made you feel scared, afraid or panicked? If so, get out.The rest of you, keep listening.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. Ever been into Rick Dangerous, La-Mulana, Cave Story, Spelunky or Super Meat Boy? If so, good because this should be right down your alley then. This game looks, sounds and plays like 8-bit title from the mid to late 80's, but the level- and game design is all 2014, baby. And don't let the limited color palette or resolution startle you, this game is audiovisually gorgeous - at least if you can appreciate real games made for grownups.The controls are really sharp, responsive and overall snappy. One of the favourite things about this game is that you can only move, throw daggers and jump either a small jump or big jump - both controlled by separate buttons. There's none of the slick fluid like movement and variable running speed or jumping heights, instead you have super accurate controls, so controlling Aban to his death feels ever so good and precise!Speaking of death, there's plenty of that packed in this bundle of fun and joy! There's SO many ways you can die in this game, and guess what? It's all your fault! My favourite part about this game is that it gets gradually harder and harder, but never it becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to play. No matter how tricky construction of death and misery is in front of you, you can always tell them before hand: Subtle changes on the tiles, lack of foliages, bit of animation, maybe sound effect or bit of delay and effect before your inevitable death and decay. It might feel cheap, but each level can be eventually figured out and mastered, and you're gonna feel ♥♥♥♥ing great as you do so - even more if you happen to find one of the hidden golden skulls.I also wanna say right now that this game does not compare to I Wanna Be The Guy - because I Wanna Be The Guy is not a hard game for a good reason. IWBTG is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game and prime example of how you should not design a game. Having completed that game, I have all the right to call it a ♥♥♥♥ing garbage it definetly is.Anyhow! Still interested? Good! The game actually does have a plot of some sort, that is delivered in the similar subtly animated still anime frames like in the NES Ninja Gaiden series. There's also a whole new continent to explore on a New Game+, variable multiplayer options and also ""lost levels"" during the development time that you can try out for your pleasure. There's plenty of unlockable character, each with their own special abilities, you can buy stuff to be unlocked in the game's store and it has also couple really, really well hidden super secrets I'm not gonna even spoil.As far as I know, I have no gripes with this game. Some people with third party controllers had some issues, but the game's been updated few times and the Steam Forums have workarounds for those issues in case you stumble into any.TL;DR This game is like if Dark Souls was made for adults in 8-bit glory. You will become a man after this game (even if you're a woman, there will be chesthair and beard everywhere). You will love and you will hate this game, and you're ♥♥♥♥ing glad that you didn't miss this one out.11/10, would spike again."
,Recommended,260790,33858786,Posted: 28 July,all,FaZe Vonnegut,"1001 feels like a rythm game by way of platforming.It  is difficult, both in the fair and unfair senses of the word.  The unfair feeling of being surprised by a situation for which the only success comes from having to fail a few times, no matter how good you are at the game.  I was ok with these because the game doesn't waste your time on the respawn, and I found the timings fun to hone, and fun to figure out, but your mileage may vary.The multiplayer is some of the most polished, wholly mean competitive couch gaming I've experienced.  Good value at full price."
,Recommended,260790,18794642,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,storminator16,"Wow, the gameplay, art (including cutscenes), and music harkens back to the NES, MSX, and Master System.  It's a nice challenge and everything just feels right.  Talk about feelings of nostalgia!  I highly recommend if you grew up with a NES."
76561198011577477,Recommended,260790,15389055,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,kingnatis,Super hard but extremely fun.
,Not Recommended,260790,11327879,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Saladin,"I love challenging platformers, and someone recommended 1001 Spikes to me, so I was really hoping it would be interesting.Sadly, I very much did not like it. It's not even a challenging platformer, it's a troll platformer, as fans of this ""genre"" have so affectionately named it. Although it might be more appropriate it to call it a trial-and-error puzzler like Limbo, albeit with none of the charm and no checkpoints whatsoever.The basic idea of the game is that everything kills you instantly, fair enough. But you never know when or how. So you're forced to repeat a stage over and over again until you have memorized every single trap, hurdle enemy and surprise. There's basically little to no skill involved, as most of the jumps are fairly easy to do. There's not much in the way of puzzle solving or abstract thinking either. The only skill required is a good memory.If that sounds fun to you, you'll love this game. But if you're a fan of games like Super Meat Boy, La Mulana, Battleblock Theater, you'll probably hate this game, and I don't recommend checking it out.In its favor, the game has an interesting little story, decent pixel art, local multiplayer and catchy music. But I'll likely never experience those things, because the game itself is irritating instead of fun or engaging.Even though it's not quite the same genre, if you're thinking of picking up 1001 Spikes, pick up La Mulana instead. Very similar aesthetic, very similar attitude, but a much better game overall."
,Not Recommended,260790,14567554,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SlaterDies,"I really wanted to like this game... especially after Castle in the Darkness. The spikes are so randomly placed, and so easily suprise you that it seems like a cheap way to complicate the levels. I'd rather they be a little more telgraphed so I can worry about my timing and less attempting to remember where they reside. I'm sad to have not liked this game."
,Recommended,260790,18842759,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Broder Tuck,Recommended
,Recommended,260790,11064172,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Homph,"Strong recommend if you enjoyed games like I Wanna be the Guy or Battle Kid (2010, for the NES).Only negative is that keyboard/gamepad input OCCASIONALLY stutters, which may or may not be at a critical time. Fix your timestep (or whatever), dev!"
76561198073342847,Recommended,260790,19281811,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,PlasmaHam,Makes me very mad
76561198111552976,Recommended,260790,15271528,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Evan Jemima,since I've bought this game I have broken two computers with a hammerthree with my feettwo with my own skulland I skill havent beat level 4. can anyone give advice on how to beat it?10/10
,Not Recommended,260790,17453507,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Junkyard Dave,"Abandoned by the developer?As of August 9th, 2015 this game no longer boots up at all.The community forums have 3-4 threads about how a lot of people are experiencing this problem, and to date (after spanning months between posted threads), the developer hasn't issued any kind of statement regarding a fix. Be warned, you might purchase a game you can't even play. I've tried all the fixes posted about on the forums, such as uninstalling and erasing saves, and it simply doesn't work anymore despite working in the past, even after reinstalling completely.It's a crying shame the developer has seemingly abandoned this for PC (or is taking a really long time fixing this critical issue). 1001 Spikes itself is amazing, challenging and refreshing as a game, and definitely worthy of a purchase if you enjoy hardcore platformers which will likely make you bald early in life.Until this is resolved though, consider reading the forums now and again to make sure a fix has been implemented and pass in the meantime.Very disappointing."
,Recommended,260790,10812384,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Saigna,Fantastic platformer. Definitely need to play if you like platformers.
,Recommended,260790,10442636,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kerma,"This game is difficult perfection.It's not IWBTG stupid where it's game of trial and error, yet it's not so easy you can breeze through every level. The pacing is perfection, making you rush through insane trials of never ending death traps, only to have a small spot where you can take a breather and let yourself catch up to speed. Whenever I am caught off guard by a trap, I feel like it is usually my fault for not taking a close look at the stage beforehand (they are usually denoted by different coloured blocks)The game is also massively replayable. I haven't even beaten the first campaign for the main story (I'm halfway through the fire place) and apparently there's more after it. There's also a bunch to buy from the store, hidden secrets to find in every level, and something like 16 characters to unlock. This game is definitely worth the price, and I would recommend it to anyone who wishes to have a good challenge."
,Recommended,260790,10373636,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Ghostface Q,"This game is taking over my life.  Tight, satisfying controls and movement, awesome music, an actual storyline with cutscenes, an abundance of unique auxillary modes, and a brutal level of difficulty that never feels frustrating or unfair.  Give it a try if you're looking for a slick reflex-based platformer that enjoys stomping on your balls."
,Not Recommended,260790,18940169,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Deep State Pizzagate Caliphate,"Too much trial-and-error for me, man"
,Not Recommended,260790,16216713,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Paul,"So I got this game a week ago. I was excited to be able to play it on my laptop and relax in bed. Wellllllll I couldn't get it to launch so I tried installing it on my desktop. Whammo. It worked. Until now. As of today when I try to launch the game it opens, then minamizes. When I click on the icon nothing pops up. Doing some research I've found that half of the community can't get it to launch. So why is it still for sale? Steam is selling us a broken product.The game is great when it actually works. I will be trying to get a refund now, because at the moment it is an absolutely unplayable waste of money. Don't buy this game until the devs release a version that can be played without trouble."
,Not Recommended,260790,20332690,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,shaolinpunks,ABANDONED GAME!Super fun game! Unfotunatley I can't give it a thumbs up. Steam Cloud syncing does not work with this game. Even though it's listed as one of the selling points.5 DAYS LATER.It's been 5 days since I emailed the dev asking about Steam Cloud save troubleshooting. Have not recieved a response yet.8 MONTHS LATER.I've tried to contact the developer a few times in the past 8 monhts. Haven't recieved a single reply back. Steam Cloud syncing still doesn't work.11 MONTHS LATER.Not a single reply from the developer. Consider this game abandoned.
,Recommended,260790,12330124,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Code Mango,I really love this game but I bought 2 copies BECAUSE IT SAID MULTIPLAYER along with local Co-op. Now I'm out $15 for this misleading category. Next time just put local so eveyone is happy.
,Recommended,260790,12015401,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,The Fonz,1001 Spikes is a difficult platformer that's well made and if you want a challenge of I Wanna Be The Guy/Boshy levels that's had a lot of work and an entire engine dedicated to it this is your game.Don't let the title fool you though there's a lot more than 1001 spikes.Also you can play as Curly Brace.Double Also you can murder penguins.
76561198029231049,Recommended,260790,11810821,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Eldrazi Spawn,"This is the type of game that makes you scream, rage, sweat, and swear. You'll look at the creators like they're sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. You'll♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants in frustration.And you'll keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,260790,12982414,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Filip,"A solid ultra-difficult platformer.AlternativesSpelunky(local multiplayer, setting)La-Mulana(8-bit aesthetic, setting)TowerFall(local multiplayer)Rick Dangerous"
,Recommended,260790,13087093,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Orlyman,I will bash my head against a wall for an hour on a single level yet I love this game like a son
76561198031997821,Recommended,260790,10506570,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,FlyingTaoster くコ:彡,It's a really good game! :3
,Recommended,260790,10821009,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Forge,2014's Super Meat Boy.Challenging as hell with tons of unlockables.
76561198180190231,Recommended,260790,28619166,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,caiohideo,Good platformer
,Recommended,260790,10456525,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Vid,Death. That is all
,Recommended,260790,24492553,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,fireball,"A really well designed game with a lot of content.  Not reccomended if you don't like hard games, or if being tricked by a trap here and there will make you angry.  Luckily most of the traps are predictable if you pay attention.  Very high on my indie game list."
,Recommended,260790,32512838,Posted: 17 June,all,brown seagull,Very good
,Recommended,260790,20659016,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,noahk777,"OK, so first off, the controls just don't even. Not, 'They don't even.....' They just don't actually work. I tried on both Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. The controls on a keyboard don't work, so if you don't have a controller, do NOT get this game. And, may I point out, when I contacted the devs, they didn't even reply. When I posted in the game's Steam forums other players pretty much said 'Yeah, it just dosn't work'. Once a controller was connected, I began playing, and from what I'v played, it has good mechanics and nice level design. It is very challenging like old NES games. I am putting a 'yes' on recommending the game, but if you have no controller, do NOT buy."
76561198037080732,Recommended,260790,16865056,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gentleman,One of the toughest platformers game ever made O_O 10/10
,Recommended,260790,10367992,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CrackerBlack,"More like 1001♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing me while I am trying to get through the level.I may not like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(some may), but this game is fun."
76561198044610096,Recommended,260790,12396700,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,KingJotun64,This a game that grows on you the more you play it and is filled with charm all of the way through. I am having a great time with this game !
,Recommended,260790,10377537,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,benedict,This is an evil evil game...
,Recommended,260790,11409994,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rob,"Quite clever and addictive hardcore platformer that takes cues from Spelunky as well as old-school games like Pitfall for Atari 2600 and Megaman for NES. The ""1001 lives"" gag is amusing, but trust me, you'll probably need every single one of them.Can be extremely frustrating, even somewhat rage-inducing, but the payoff when you successfully breeze through an otherwise difficult level is very satisfying. Overall a solid platformer with charming nods to the games of yesteryear, without falling into the ""nostalgia for nostalgia's sake"" shovelware bin (I'm looking at you, Retro City Rampage.)"
,Recommended,260790,11111021,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,OtterSlinger,"Hard, but very Rewarding. Get it now and PLAY AS MOTHA ♥♥♥♥IN' CURLY BRACE!"
,Recommended,260790,29261448,Posted: 14 January,all,MONTENEGRO,This is a real awesome platform game! hours of adictive play time it's guaranteed :)
,Recommended,260790,10651883,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[IA] Doodbutt,"I love this game and hate it at the same time...What I love about it: Retro-style music and graphics. The gameplay is challenging, but fun.What I hate: HOLY ♥♥♥♥ IS IT HARD! And, at the time of this review, it does not like those who use microphones from Blue...Not much of a problem if you aren't a Streamer/Let's Player, but still worth noting.If you like a challenge, I'd recommend it."
76561198134451659,Not Recommended,260790,33884858,Posted: 29 July,all,Jpc0703,I was playing this game when my mother texted me to help pull some weeds outside.  I turned the game off instantly; I would rather pull weeds than play this game.
76561198081664580,Recommended,260790,29723695,Posted: 5 February,all,Lord Cio,It runs in my pc.
76561198057005101,Not Recommended,260790,24054329,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kreto,midgame i need multiplayer to pass levels?no thank you
,Recommended,260790,12659458,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ApeMummy,"In the arcade mode you can initially select from 3 characters that pay homage to Indiana Jones, Castlevania and Ghouls and Ghosts respectively.That pretty much sums up the game, so just buy it."
,Recommended,260790,11344613,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,?JIMMY?,Hot contestant for Game of The Year. Pure excellence in leveldesign and visuals. A Meaty Boy can only dream of reaching the quality of this platformer.
76561197984348678,Recommended,260790,10500702,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,BaronHaynes,"Welp, this is awesome."
76561198029061647,Recommended,260790,13510711,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,"Took a step, died, jumped over a block, died, avoided a trap, died, timed another jump, died, traversed some lava, died, rode a moving block, died, dodged an arrow, died, missed some spikes, died, went back to the main menu, died.8.5/10"
76561198075787025,Recommended,260790,25390260,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,SheepamongWolves,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,260790,10349124,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,stay,2-5 can rot in heck
,Recommended,260790,10350381,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,FreeCell,A+
,Recommended,260790,12811739,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,PaunchyPls,Brutal game but great8-bits plus daddy issuesMuch dying for days
,Recommended,260790,13173297,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Nin,I diedA lot
,Recommended,260790,17875623,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Vios,"Really enjoy this type of game. Proves to be a challenge, only flaw? It's not long enough. Smooth controls, smooth gameplay, leaves you wanting for more."
,Recommended,260790,32404734,Posted: 13 June,all,Beanie,1001 SPIKES more like 1001 LIKES
76561197982431022,Not Recommended,260790,21843101,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Rick Moranis,"Trial and error, trial and error . . . .game uses cheap non telegraphed traps to kill you and extend playtimeYou can watch a video of a level and master it that way; not much reliance on timing jumpsThe tower of nanaar mode was fun though since it gives you a couple of lives and starts you right where the cheap trap killed you.There are much better platformers on Steam than this trial and error fest"
,Recommended,260790,12705065,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lion's Memento Mori,This game is ****ing amazing(and rage inducing)! 11/10 would recommend to friends!
76561197966134367,Recommended,260790,32580022,Posted: 19 June,all,Luihutin,I am clairvoyant so I had no trouble. Git psychic.
,Recommended,260790,11688463,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mad Dog Torx,"This game is a masterpiece in level design. In story mode you play through a series of increasingly difficult, and fantastically designed short levels (~30 secs long) with lots of spikes, falling bricks, darts. Many of the traps are concealed until they kill you. Luckily you have 1001 lives, and brilliantly it never feels like dying is a chore.The soundtrack and retro graphics are superb and certainly add to 1001 Spikes' charm. The controls are super responsive and they need to be to allow you to navigate the levels with careful precision and timing.I highly recommend 1001 Spikes!  10/10"
76561198010618322,Not Recommended,260790,10362672,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Spummy McSpummbucket,"DISCLAIMER: This review is mostly a first impression after an hour or so of playing and looking at some footage of later sections online to see if much changes, but it seems that my opinion of the start of the game would hold true for the rest of the game.1001 Spikes is another addition in the trend of ""The harder the game is the better it is!"" that has captivated many players over the past couple of years. And I won't tell you that the game is hard, any other user review or critic can tell you and probably has told you that. If you just want a hard game then 1001 Spikes is totally for you and you should already know that. This user review however is for those out there who want to know the answer to the question ""What is 1001 Spikes, other than hard?""And the answer is almost nothing. Its a nostalgic hard game and seemingly nothing more. It seems to have no goal but kill you endlessly with surprise deathtraps that seem inspired by some strange and horrid idea that I Wanna Be The Guy should be viewed with anything but irony. The majority of my deaths playing this game so far have felt cheap and put there merely to make me replay the same content over and over. The game doesn't feel like a spicy challenge, but more of an unwanted chore.Even within its niche 1001 Spikes doesn't seem that good. Super Meat Boy had better controls, felt generally fair and had a stronger art direction. La Mulana which has quite similar elements although is part of a different subgenre of nostalgic hard platformers offers a great sense of exploration and mystery. 1001 Spikes offers a lot of spikes and warningless deathes.So to those out there who want more than just a hard game. Move on, 1001 Spikes seems to having nothing to offer you."
76561198088385144,Not Recommended,260790,31108545,Posted: 12 April,all,Mr_Marvelous_Matt,"I can see why people like this game but personally, I don't think it's worth the $15 price tag. Normally, I'm good at these kind of games but the difficulty here is just WAY too high. It's difficult to the point of being more frustrating than fun. Overall, unless it's on sale for cheap, just pass this one unless you're into these types of games."
76561198079774545,Recommended,260790,13106097,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,abugaj,"""We are going to die"" (Indiana Jones Temple of Doom) Yes, you are going to die in this game about every 10 to 20 secs upon entering a new level. The levels are not random but there are brutal none the less. This is a side scrolling 8 bit platform game which requires you to pretty much memorize the stages because the you will never know what to expect. The ceiling may come falling down or spikes may come out of a block you just never know what is going to happen. Trial and error is the name of the game here. If you like games like Spelunky, Super Meatboy, Braid ect. Then you are going to love this game i sure do. Not for the faint of heart just for the persistent hardcore. Highly recommmend!"
,Not Recommended,260790,11467376,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I got this as soon as it came out, and honestly, its not really all that much fun. I mean all the elements are there - it has great retro graphics, excellent music, and hard-as-nails difficulty, but I just found myself not really wanting to play it.I think it comes down to the fact that its not *really* a fair difficulty. Yes you can learn to avoid certain pitfalls, but you never really feel like a boss doing it.Sorry, I would not recommend."
76561198148893020,Not Recommended,260790,25016070,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,jewishjazzyj,"So far all ive ran across is a bunch of bs gimmicky ways to kill you faster, like hiding spikes in the ground that insta-kill. now the game doesnt even load. this is bs, files 100% verified, trying uninstall / reinstall. NOPE BROKEN DONT BUY. UNLESS UR AN IDIOT AND U WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY / LIFE."
,Not Recommended,260790,18690021,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",To stressful for me. This game is super  difiicult. Although at first it was fun.
,Recommended,260790,20434590,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Jeddunk,Baby's first platformer with traps!Better than Rebirth!
76561198042643953,Not Recommended,260790,11329270,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pyro Squirrel,"While this game isn't terrible it just seems like a waste of $15.It seems like a retro game which wanted to be as hard as old NES games but what this game doesn't understand is that Bullsh*t traps don't make your game enjoyable or challenging in a fair way, instead it makes the player extremely frustrated to die to something they had no idea was there in the first place and unfortunatly bullsh*t traps are the main source of difficulty of this game. This isn't Super Meat Boy or Rogue Legacy hard, no... This is Bullsh*t hard like Ghost & Goblins and I Wanna be the Guy Gaiden!(Although I wanna be the guy gaiden can be excused since that game was deliberately made with the intent that it's bullsh*t where this game was not)The Multiplayer elements of this game aren't worth your time in the slightest, the levels are poorly designed with bullsh*t traps as a main source of difficulty and overall I just cannot reccomend this game in the slightest. Now there were parts of this game I did legitimately enjoy and the Tower of Nanar feels like the way they should've designed this game but the problem is that with all the horrible hidden traps and sooo much waiting for certain levels and stages which go on for over a minute I just cannot reccomend this game in the slightest even if you are a fan of this genre I just can't reccomend it.The only good thing I can really say about this game is the Spritework and the Music. The 8-Bit Spritework is very pleasent to look at and is animated pretty well and the soundtrack is just absoloutly wonderful with my favourite themes being the tower of Nanar Stage 5 and World 4 but if the best thing about your game is the graphics and music then why even bother spending your money on this?Overall this game just isn't worth your time or money and instead of being looked at and acknowledged we should probably just leave it alone and let time forget this."
,Recommended,260790,12651383,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Argle Bargle,"Some guy saw Super Meat Boy and thought ""I bet I could make a worse game than this."" and then he did."
,Not Recommended,260790,30707995,Posted: 24 March,all,GravityGem,"Another NES style game, only this one's purpose is to be challenging and only that. Nothing else in this game is incredibly noteworthy. The platforming feels great but not too great. unfortunately that's where the compliments stop. While graphically it's supposed to appeal to players who enjoy NES style games it also leaves it looking extremely simplistic. Not a horrible thing but for sure makes the platforming difficult and dodging traps on first tries almost impossible. Especially considering just a small difference in texture can mean an active dart trap vs a non active dart trap, etc. Overall I can't recommend this game for most. It's really just for people looking for a trial and error challenge because you will fail due to levels having artificial difficult. If you are someone who wants an unfair challenge and enjoys nes games then go for it.As for those who wantMOREthan a challenge with their games your money is better spent elsewhere."
76561198028334718,Not Recommended,260790,11363825,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Talpstar,"I found this really frustrating, a constant bombardment of surprise deaths. The game felt as though it was designed to be irritating, not entertaining. I wouldn't recommend it, and I'd warn people not to be drawn in by the fact it may have characters you love from other franchises."
76561198041340133,Recommended,260790,12651933,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,zipe,if u <3 suicide this is 4 u
76561198010235162,Recommended,260790,33209393,Posted: 3 July,all,JvtheWanderer,"Good, Bad, I don't know I'm Here For Summer Stickers."
76561198061104093,Not Recommended,260790,15441851,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,kverlin,Ultimately boring and repetitive version of Cave Story without any kind of a plot.
,Recommended,260790,20170751,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,killa beez,I hate this game.But it's alright.
,Not Recommended,260790,25377297,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Jimbo,"This game just isn't fun. It has all of the potential to be, but isn't. I know, I know, the spikes are in the title. Yes, I'm aware it's all about the spikes. But, they're also precisely what ruin the game. They're just not fun to avoid. The levels aren't fun to navigate. The entire game would be completely functional, and likely improved, if it removed the spikes from the game entirely. But until then, it's just a really good platformer with one game-destroying gimmick. You can make all the arguments you want about being ""hardcore"" and all that nonsense. None of that matters if it isn't fun."
76561197991922927,Not Recommended,260790,21251604,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Batman,Assertion failed
,Recommended,260790,10340037,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Prince Hector,Yay! It's awesome!
,Not Recommended,260790,10525389,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,jump mechanics.
,Not Recommended,260790,22233978,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","Beginner's Trap: The Game. Looks like Spelunky and La-Mulana, except without the good, original level design."
,Not Recommended,260790,30214521,Posted: 26 February,all,Just call me catfood!,6/10 would get game to play with friends only to find out there is no multiplayer again.
,Not Recommended,260790,23410605,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,KILLER,it dosent open the game
,Not Recommended,260790,10391029,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Fist,Kaizo and IWBTG style ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You'll play it but you won't have any fun doing so.
76561198096710826,Not Recommended,260790,22771535,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,usjmanian,ONLY LOCAL CO-OPBE WARNED
76561198035451340,Recommended,260790,10413983,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Vaporman,"You're going to die. Quite a bit. Deal with it and just throw your infinite amount of pocket knives.1001/1000 would get crushed by boulders and burnt by magma and slain by spikes again.But seriously, it's kind of like Super Meat boy, only you don't want to kill yourself and others when you play it. And there are some different game modes to mix things up a bit. Is a good game."
,Recommended,260790,10414380,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Timegoat,Do you know how hard it is to make such a challenging game not only frustration-free but also highly-addictive? I assume it's hard. I laugh every time I die.
,Recommended,260790,10471339,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,TOFWHY,This game had me raging so hard my b-hole prolapsed.
,Recommended,260790,10482752,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,NARFNra,"Excellent game as long as you can stand the challenge. The Multiplayer, while local only and requiring your own controllers, is still quite fun and there's a few extra minigames tossed in there to pad it out. It's a very trial and error based game, but with practice you can get quite far. The graphics are beautiful and the music is absolutely astounding, the stage design is very well thought out, and generally this is just a really cool game.I wouldn't buy it if you're generally not good at games though."
76561198046795893,Recommended,260790,10398016,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,PhoenixWolf,"1,000...999...998... 1,001 Spikes is a game that feels like a love note to the original I Wanna Be The Guy. A platformer that is easy to learn, but tough to master. Just as you think you've finally figured things out, that one block above you might just crush your skull, or maybe that seemingly safe platform will run you through with spikes, but it's so enjoyable that you'll come back for more.As you progress through the game you will unlock characters from other indie games with special abilities that can change the way you play through some levels, maybe an air dash across that pit you couldn't get over before? Maybe hugging the walls to bide time so that you can drop down safe, some of these characters even come with their own stories as to why they're also in a death ridden temple from hell!1,001 Spikes is a cruel friend who will punch you at the worst moments, but you'll have so much fun that you'll keep at it, waiting to see just what that next punch is going to be. 997...996...995..."
,Recommended,260790,10377503,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,mintPIXEL,"This is an absolute blast. Played on the 360, purchased again on PC. Fantastic game."
,Recommended,260790,10363820,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,chrisreynolds11,"An addicting old-style platformer that is so befuddling that it’s fun! It really brings back the challenge of the side-scrolling jumpers that were so darn rewarding. You need every one of those 1001 lives. When you finish a level, especially the further you get, the feeling is like watching your favorite team win the Super Bowl twice in one day after harrowingly evading hit after hit from defenders covered in spikes and scorpions… and poison darts... And of course there are those times where you find yourself cursing ""How did I not know there was a spikey surprise waiting for me there!"" It has been a long time since I have played a game that made my palms sweat... And I'm playing this on a PC! If you love a good challenge, this game is definitely calling your name."
76561197983662248,Recommended,260790,10440300,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"Obligatory header to the review: I focus on four primary areas whenever I review a game: gameplay, story, graphics, and sound/audio/general things that go into your earholes. Gameplay and Story get a rating scale from 1 to 10, and the AV stuff gets a rating from 1 to 5. My philosophy on this is that there are some instances in which a game may not necessarily have that much in the way of gameplay (take Amnesia for example), but the story/atmosphere/whatever it may be is reason enough to pick it up. Also, take the cumulative score with a grain of salt; it's just a numerical feeling about the game as a whole. That's part of why I do these subscores. Also, keep in mind that I'm not going off of school grade based rankings. A 5/10 denotes what I feel to be an average game. Likewise, 7/10 is a game that I think is pretty cool, and something that gets a 2/10 is near-abomination level. Pinning scores to an even further obfuscated rating scale is kinda senseless, but for the sake of my backloggery, I'll repeat again that 1.0-2.7 is a one-star game, 3.0-4.7 is a two-star game, 5.0-6.7, 7.0-8.7, and 9.0-10 are three, four, and five stars, respectively.Gameplay: 1001 Spikes is about as simple as it gets from a gameplay perspective. There are levels. You must jump through them and not die. One of the things that I'm glad they did from a control perspective is have two different buttons for different jump heights. Variable jump heights from holding the jump button always proved to be one of the biggest issues back when I was dumb and played SMW romhacks. Lives are infinite in some perspective, since you're given 1,001 of them to beat the game with (you also get more lives from the x-6 stages). I never came close to losing all my lives, since the lowest I ever dropped was to ~830, but I do know that you can get more lives from the shop.Levels in this game are a mix of very well-thought out and well executed platforming challenges and spikes that sometimes come out of the ground because they feel like it. Or blocks dropping on your head because they feel like it. Or arrow traps... okay, you get the point. Needless to say, not everything in this game is the most fair. In fact, there's more than a few moments in the game that you'll be thinking you've started playing an I Wanna Be the [Noun] game. I talked to a friend/game designer about this, and his general attitude toward it was that the levels are short enough so that it's not a big deal.I don't really feel the same way. As a video game player, I get much more enjoyment out of struggling with and beating an excellently crafted stage than I do where blocks/spikes just show up and kill you. Ultimately, I never felt like I was getting better and better at the game. Instead, I just felt like I was memorizing trap locations. This is further enunciated by the fact that when I went back and got the Key of Serpentis, I died as many times on that level the second time through as I did the first. This may just be my personal preference, but I really do wanna feel like I've surmounted an obstacle when I'm playing a hard game.Another thing that I found kinda annoying at times were the hitboxes. I know, I know; ""nub's complaining about hitboxes."" I don't think Aban's hitbox is all that bad, but there are a few instances in which I feel like hitboxes kinda screwed me over. The biggest issue with hitboxes I had was in 4-3 aka Dangerous Exit aka The Worst Level In the Game; specifically with the jumping totems. There were many times where I was certainly not underneath the totem, but the game sure thought so. Another issue I had with hitboxes were the arrows from the arrow traps, where I can be standing two blocks away from the launcher, be throwing knives and still be killed.Even despite the sometimes downright unfair level design and sometimes very questionable hitboxes, I still had a great bit of fun with the game. While I don't have an easy opportunity right now to bring friends over to enjoy the Tower of Nanaar (which looks crazy fun for multiple people), I will definitely check that out in the future. 7/10.Story: story plzActually, it'd be wrong of me not to talk about the story for this game. The core story of the game is Aban Hawkins, an archaeologist, and his journey to punch his dad in the head. Hard. Yeah, it's not Shakespeare, but what do you expect? A thing that I did  like, though, was that all of the unlockable characters get their own unique intro to the game once you beat the first world with them. While I only saw Commander Video's intro, I'm sure everyone else's cutscenes are equally as good. 7/10.Graphics: I can tell that the goal of this game was to make it look as much like an NES/Famicom game as much as possible. That's not just because it's an 8-bit styling; anyone can do that. Rather, this game really does capture that indescribable feel of an NES game. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if someone with considerable Assembly experience couldn't ""port"" this game to an NES cart. Regarding the technical aspects, it runs windowed by default at 720p, but it fullscreens to your native resolution without any issues. My biggest problem with the graphical side of things (and this ties into gameplay as well) is that there isn't a cohesive pattern of signaling for hazards. Blocks that look exactly the same can be two different traps entirely. I really feel like a lot of my issues with the game could've been fixed if they had just used some universal signaling throughout the game. Even though this is gameplay related, it's still worth talking about in the graphics section. 3/5.Sound: Well, the sounds are blips and the music is chippy. You don't need high-end equipment to make this stuff. The music is pretty good, and every world in ""the first half"" of the game has their own unique song, which is usually pretty good. I just wish ""the second half"" (yes, I'm being ambiguous) had world-specific music. It got REAL tiresome hearing the same song for 32 levels. Other than that, the music is enjoyable. I don't think I'd grab the OST, since I heard bloody enough of it during the game, but you may enjoy it more. 3/5.Overall scores are 7/7/3/3; cumulative score of 6.7/10. Unfortuately, a lot of the high points I had with this game were neutralized by the low points. I still did have fun, though; it's just after coming from a game like Volgarr, the sometimes (seemingly intentional) questionable level design left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth."
,Recommended,260790,10443456,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Barcode x_x,"If you're well and truly a fan of merciless punishment, look no futher - this game will have you grinning from ear to ear at it's uttermalicefor the player.However, if you're not a fan of dying 1001 times..."
,Recommended,260790,10393454,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Differ3nce,Great masochistic fun
,Recommended,260790,10394457,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Common Beach Gorilla,"Awesome game so far. It's very hard, but feels super rewarding when you finally master a level. Also the guys at Nicalis are amazing! My game was crashing on start up so I emailed them and they were able to help me fix the issue. Thanks again guys!"
,Recommended,260790,10592679,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,可愛いが正義,This game would be frustrating if it wasnt super troll (y)
76561198024964759,Recommended,260790,13579131,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Choo,Masocore at its purist. Rub it straight into your eyes.
,Recommended,260790,13903533,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island Gaiden: Aban Hawkins & the 1001 Spikes: The Temple of the Dead Mourns the Living is a slow-paced trap navigation game. The game does not require fast reflexes or platforming skill. If you stop, look, and plan out what you're going to do, you can theoretically avoid every trap in the game. The game never really throws anything truly unexpected at you, but it will still kill you hundreds of times. You will fall for the same traps over and over again and curse your own stupidity.You will navigate a really tricky part, see what looks like safe ground, stop there for a mere second to get your bearings, and get killed by spikes rising from the floor, even though you had more than enough time to see them coming and avoid them. You will see the exit, make a mad dash for it, and get blasted in the face by a dart shooter that was right there in plain sight. Both of these things will happen to you repeatedly, even after you've identified the pattern and made a mental note to look out for them.The music is really great too, and there's a rich amount of bonus content to enjoy, with the Towers of Nannar and the Lost Levels, and more than a dozen characters to play as."
76561197984992587,Recommended,260790,16252915,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Doctor H Boogie,A good game.
,Recommended,260790,16313734,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Galactic Tomahawk,"Your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, deadbeat dad sent you to an ancient temple that's literally MADE OF MURDER, and get this:you only have 1001 TRIES to complete it.Works both as a retro platformer and as a sombre reminder about the fragility of human life."
,Recommended,260790,15933912,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Isaac,This game is challenging but has great 8-bit music and awesome unlockables. Unfortunately after about a week ago it just stopped working. All it does is open a window as if it is running and nothing else. It is not exactly worth 15 dollars though I suggest wait for it to be fixed and get it on sale.
76561198064560338,Recommended,260790,16682416,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,dustinaux,"Mostly fun, recommended for fans of challenging platformers, not for impatient people.Pros:-Tight, precise controls-Good amount of levels, extra content-Simple mechanics - quick to learnCons:-Worst complaint is some levels being too long with crazy difficult stuff at the end that requires a ton of trial and error. I've beaten every level in the game exactly once, but I feel like I've beaten the first 80% of most levels like 30 times each, to the point where there is zero challenge and fun for that section because every jump becomes memorized up to the point where I'm having trouble. As someone who also beat every level in Super Meat Boy, I think SMB handles level length much better.-Many (perhaps most?) deaths are from trial and error. A major flaw of 1001 Spikes here is that there's no way to safely play a level the first time even if you're patient and alert like other platformers allow. Rushing through will kill you somewhere for sure, but equally often playing it safe after every jump will kill you because you're often standing on a spike trap or falling rock. Keeping one or the other type of death consistent throughout an entire level would be better design IMO."
,Recommended,260790,16649462,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,crustyEddy,ez
,Recommended,260790,16711186,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,A bit on the hard side but that is expected. the graphics are nice and retro and the music is catchy too. worth your money.
,Recommended,260790,10950302,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DrP0P7AR7,This game is hard.. harder than Super Meat Boy. I'm afraid that I'm honestly going to run out of my 1001 lives before I beat the game.
,Recommended,260790,10952934,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bruno,"Excellent gameplay, thrilling level designs. Just like pizza. 10/10"
,Recommended,260790,11681139,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Kageetai,"Fecking hard, but fecking awesome! LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,260790,12195316,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MercilessMerc,"This game is not for the feint of heart. You will die hundreds of times learning some of the levels, let alone completing them. If you are looking for a serious platforming challenge, this game will satiate your appetite in spades."
76561198010243514,Recommended,260790,12134514,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Neo_Antwon,Are you a masochist? Love being killed over and over by suprise butt spikes? Then you'll love 1001 spike. This game is not for the faint of heart. The deaths come faster than the elderly on free viagra day at the retirement home. You may find your self questioning your sanity after you died for the Nine Hundreth time. In this game its get good of GTFO!8/10
,Recommended,260790,12077157,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,cootsnoop,I love difficult platformers. I have no issues with retro graphics.This game is hella fun.
,Recommended,260790,11375289,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,farfabet,Hard as hell but good stuff. You have to keep the rhythm.Who care about retrying a level 30 times when the level is less than 1 minute when completed. :)
,Recommended,260790,11301748,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TheMcRaezy,Even though the game has not run for me i still think this game deserves alot of support i heard it was fun and it looks fun too so hopefully i can play it soon :)
76561198132875909,Recommended,260790,11341240,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Lyin' Mitt,"A refreshing take on old school platforming, 1001 Spikes is a wonderful game to play to test your reflexes and observation skills through spike jumping, boulder dodging, and knife throwing. The game has a simple tutorial and eases the challenge up from one level to the next till you enter the ruins. While a good portion of the game may seem to be mostly trial and error, there are many subtle hints that can point out where traps can be. Even if you were to get trapped by something new and you didn't have enough time to react to it, the 1001 lives given to you mitigates the possible stress of a game over.Overall, it's pretty dang good. Seriously, you feel badass whenever you complete a level. Also Rushjet did an awesome job on the music. Love that dude's work."
,Recommended,260790,11074019,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Charmless6,It's a platformer.....and it really hates you !!!
,Recommended,260790,11078486,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Taylor,ima just say this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥and if you're not playing it anytime soon i dont even know what to say to you right now ima just say that real quick doe
,Recommended,260790,11079654,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,noob sola,"Tight controls, excellent level design, and enjoyable art and music make this a great platformer. The well paced, satisfying, and challenging difficulty curve make it one of the best. One of my favorite games of this year."
,Recommended,260790,13809114,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cool Guy,"Tough but mostly fair platformer. Intuitive level design teaches you the game as you play as opposed to relying on tutorials, which is a refreshing change in this modern day of games that often treat the player like an idiot. It has two main sets of levels, a fairly good difficulty curve, with some spikes (hah) in difficulty here and there. Also has a daunting old school lives system with game over at 0 lives, encouraging careful play and  effort to act upon mistakes and progress. However, progression is rewarded very generously. The boss battles are sequential and a bit random, but not unbearable. There are some extra game modes and features as well as an entire roster of characters to try, for the full experience. Overall a very fun and challenging game."
,Recommended,260790,13693432,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Spendiddly,"If you like difficult platformers, this a excellent game."
76561198073085076,Recommended,260790,13774681,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,davidian.grindhouse,"Frustrating, irritating and scream inducingly difficult, but so much fun. The sense of accomplishment when finishing a level makes it worth all the pain."
,Recommended,260790,13776301,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Michelangelo,"Take the roll of Aban Hawkins and prove your worth as an archaeologist!With a simple, yet unique, jumping mechanic of two buttons for different jump heights, this game is all about platforming. Don't let the pixel presentation fool you, because the visuals have definitely had some work and love put into it, accompanied by great classic-style cutscenes and a catchy soundtrack.The difficulty quickly spikes up and your skills will be put to the test, but even then, it has that old ""just-one-more-try"" attribute that will definitely keep you hooked to the end. You can also unlock several characters, including cameos from other games, each having a different playstyle, keeping the game fresh. And if you crave for more adventure, the game also has 3 arcade modes that you can either play solo or with 3 more friends.And when you think it's all over...you only completed half of the game!"
,Recommended,260790,13223886,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kalisni,"really hard, really satisfying. negative reviewers are literally just complaining that its hard, which is the first thing youll find out about it if you do any research at all into the games you buy, which i guess they didnt do."
,Recommended,260790,13230668,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,i paid a dollar for this on the xbox live indie game market 3 years ago why did i buy it again
,Recommended,260790,30365752,Posted: 6 March,all,SPANKS,imagine indiana jones but he ♥♥♥♥ing hates himself
,Recommended,260790,13110993,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gyver,"This game is not made for co-op. Blocks that fall when you step on them, spiked that trigger when you pass.Yet I am so glad they added it for it is great to play with friends.Even though I am certain that playing this game co-op is harder than just playing alone it still is great fun to play with friends.Although very hard and unforgiving."
,Recommended,260790,11232479,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Cruise Elroy,"Certainly the game for those that look for a challenge, as you can find yourself trying to beat all the levels for hours on end. Even though some of these traps might be downright punishing, there's just a certain amount of joy when youfinallymake it past 10-4 after you've been trying for an hour."
76561198030116576,Recommended,260790,11070668,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,nzeltzer,Puzzle? Platformer? Puzzle platformer? It will cost you a couple of hundred lives to find out. Don't wait: start your dying now.
,Recommended,260790,10891300,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mecha-Fetus,This game is like trying to give your cat a walk to the park.
76561198134497664,Recommended,260790,10997602,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mizar,"This game..Oh boy, where to start.It's hard. And challenging.You'll be easily spending hours after hours with this game.Theres alot to collect, alot to unlock and alot to get.Gameplay is amazing.Music is simply and purely magnificent.And the style.. Oh man, the style..It takes me back to the golden times of hardcore games.10/10"
76561198014266904,Recommended,260790,11000895,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dan,GUD
76561198028260258,Recommended,260790,10973290,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,algard86,"Good old-fashioned 8-bit retro style hardcore jump`n`run\ platformer. If  you love a challenge and if you`re a bit masochistic, then this is for you!But beware, you`re going to die a lot, a ****load actually!Sarting a level over and over again is not only very likely to happen (it`s a given actually) ,but is necessary in order to learn the locations of the traps.All in all, I`ld give it a solid 8.5/10pts."
,Recommended,260790,14009601,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jonts,"If you hate yourself and wish you didn't have opposable thumbs/arms/whatever, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,260790,14022335,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,OOT! SHOOT!,I never want to see a penguin again
,Recommended,260790,19489983,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"I'm kinda sitting on the fence recommending the game. It is AS ADVERTISED as in you get a crap load of lives and your'e gonna die a♥♥♥♥♥♥load. Though I am thinking about it and later on in the game it's really very heavily oriented in muscle memory. I hate these kinds of games where you just keep dying until you know EXACTLY what you're supposed to do. And I HATE how this is advertised as HARD even though any schlub can repeat the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again until the dumbass remembers where everything is.With that said that wasn't always the case and even still the game is pretty enjoyable. I really REALLY like the music. It's my type of stuff. I don't know the exact description and all for it, but I'd say 'think nintendo music' ish? The aesthetic is retro too which is fine. I find the overall aesthetic/music and such to be a plus and pretty satisfying overall.In terms of controls, they're pretty simple and they work very well. It's also pretty neat that you can play as other characters. I don't particularly give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about cross overs or anything, but the fact the other guys function differently is unique in my opinion. You complete levels a little differently with everyone and to me that's pretty cool.Level design is solid...for the game I suppose. I grew pretty accustomed to expected every ♥♥♥♥ing wall to hold spikes ready to impale my chest or every ♥♥♥♥ing block to start collapsing out from under me. In this regard the game is actually pretty god damn short extended out by the ♥♥♥♥ing fact that you spend so much time dying. I DON'T like that. I would prefer longer levels with checkpoints a little closer to mario and more content overall as well.I'm also a little upset Mplayer is local only. You have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue how hard it is to get my brother to play something with me and he sits only a few feet away playing his PC♥♥♥♥♥♥too. Bearing that in mind I won't say♥♥♥♥♥♥about the Mplayer other than that because I couldn't play it.Again, I feel a bit iffy recommending because of the ad infinium nausea, but I like the game and it's charm. I felt the story was kinda...expected...but it was ok. It was all ok in the end and pretty worth it. I mean I did get it on a sale of some sort, but I bought a buncha copies because I'm an idiot thinking it was Mplayer and I think I still have a few I can't give out because no one else wants the damn game lol.Anyway hope this helps somehow."
,Recommended,260790,19558662,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Francis,"This game advertises itself as having a lot of spikes. So unlike most games, I can't fault it too much for not having any goblets. It does have a lot of spikes."
76561198033424557,Recommended,260790,19279902,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Iridesence,"if you liked rick dangerious and super meat boy, then this is a game for you.  nice retro graphics combined with infuriating, but fun gameplay make for an experience that you will remember, for good or worse."
76561198072140554,Recommended,260790,19152715,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Plappy Snappy,1001 Spikes is a fairly challenging platformer with shooting like Mega Man and two seperate jump buttons (one to short jump and one to high jump). I'd say play it if you are a fan of platformers and aren't afraid of difficulty.
,Not Recommended,260790,19240406,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Doctor_Fruitbat,"I understand what this game is going for, I understand that it is supposed to be nightmarishly difficult, but in the end it just goes too far. Placing multiple dart-spitting statues along a moving platform section is fine, but the speed they come out at and the split-second they are telegraphed for is just that little bit too fast for you to react to them naturally, and they are in every level. Giving the player a difficult drop where they have to hit a switch on the way down is fine; immediately shooting them a half second after landing, at the very end of the level no less, is just irritating.Meat Boy worked because it had a great sense of flow, and even when things went wrong you could pull it back by feeling the ebb and flow of the situation. This game is almost pure memory, and does it in a way designed to kill you in the most pointlessly spiteful ways possible.The visuals and music are great, the controls are excellent and I want to love it so very much. But it just batters you relentlessly and vindictively until you've lost all will to go on - not from being bested by a challenge, but from not even being able to care anymore if you beat it.I guess if it's going for pocket change then give it a look maybe, but not at full price."
,Recommended,260790,19876962,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TwitchChat,"Do you like a challenge, do you like platforming, do you like collecting hidden skulls and do you like to die - boy do I have the game for you!This is a great platformer with challenging levels and great level design, inspired by oldschool platformers!"
,Recommended,260790,30660688,Posted: 21 March,all,WhiteTrashSlut,hard but fair. think you're good at platformers? beat this game and i'll agree with you
76561197969528532,Recommended,260790,20413433,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Peej,"Super fun if you like overcoming well-designed challenges that require you to memorize the level and have pretty precise execution.If you want a narrative or interactive fiction or some other reason to play a game besides pushing buttons to control your character to victory, then this one isn't for you."
,Recommended,260790,19774158,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Burgermeister Meisterburger,"1001 Spikes is a game about dying. A lot. It is a game where you will fight your way through a level for half an hour, finally dodging every single spike, arrow, pit, and scorpion, only to get killed by a surprise trap at the end door. But it feels pretty great once you've done that.Really, it's a good game. The levels are not challenging in the way that the game is cheating you, but are instead challenging by clever and well-placed obstacles that will make you feel like you can beat the level in just one more try.Otherwise, the music, by chiptune musician Rushjet1, is amazing, and the graphics are great as well, utilizing pixels to make nostalgic levels and great cutscenes.So if you're a game masochist, a manic completionist, or a hardcore retro gamer, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,260790,19858848,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SixthSaber,I'm about to cry.10/10 would weep again
,Recommended,260790,30443781,Posted: 11 March,all,Super Llama,"I feel like 1001 Spikes is the Lawful Evil counterpart to I Wanna Be The Guy's Chaotic Evil. Both are hard as nails and obsessed with killing you with surprise death traps, but IWBTG will do literally ANYTHING to score a cheap kill, while 1001 Spikes follows a more strict code. Everything works exactly like it's supposed to work, instead of the rules suddenly changing halfway through.I feel like, when people try to make hard games, it's way too easy to resort to just being unfair instead of the more difficult to achieve ""tough but fair"" level, and I feel like 1001 Spikes reaches that level much better than a lot of it's contemporaries in the platform hell genre. You're obviously going to be dying a lot, but rarely as I was playing the game did I feel like it wasn't my fault. It didn't take long for me to able to spot certain traps at a glance and even for the ones that I couldn't I still often got a feeling that there was something waiting for me just up ahead. And it definitely helps that it treats death like Super Meat Boy does, spitting you out at the beginning of the level as quickly as possible to minimize frustration.It's not perfect of course. A couple of the final levels ended up veering into ridiculous territory. Especially one section near the end of the game where you have to low jump over a bed of switch-toggled spikes with a deceptively large hitbox and on top of an ice block without accidentally pushing the ice block; an act that requires nothing less than pixel-perfect jumping and comes near the end of the level, meaning you're going to be redoing most of the level immeasurable times just for that one section. The final boss also veers into outright unfair territory. Aside from those moments, though, I found the game to be rather well-balanced in it's difficulty."
76561198017057826,Recommended,260790,20675146,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Schloe,"This game is wonderful. It's like they took super meat boy and gave it a lot more depth. That said, I'm not partial to this style of game. I like open worldy type stuff that you can get lost in. The only way you can get lost in this game is to get stuck at a particular puzzle or sequence because you die before you can figure out what you're looking at.4/5, would recommend to friends and enemies for the same reason."
,Recommended,260790,24733459,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GodlyK,The difficulty of this game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I like it :p
76561198042253256,Recommended,260790,30832732,Posted: 30 March,all,Sanic,"Love this game, its extremely challenging, very fun and has plenty of content."
,Recommended,260790,25463527,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,newagebegins,1001 Spikes is an enjoyable and challenging puzzle-platformer with interesting and varying levels. Highly recommend!
76561198090743949,Recommended,260790,16525165,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Unit A2,"I've never played such a rage enducing game in all my life, and I've played Frogger, so I know what I'm talking about. The title if called ""1001 Spikes"", but really it means ""1001 Spikes You Will Die To"".Is this a challenge? Yes. It challenges your mind and reflexes to get through levels meant to kill you over and over again on the same obsitcal. It also challenges your sanity really, really, really hard.Would I reccomend it? If you enjoy these types of challenges, go for it! In my opinion the thing it's best for it giving it to a friend and hearing how many times they die on the same level.On a side note, to anyone who got this game or will get it; Good luck, seriously you'll need it."
,Recommended,260790,17596209,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Zastian,"One of the absolute best platformers on Steam, if not *the* best platformer!  This is a must buy for those of you who love games like Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, Super Meat Boy, roguelikes, getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to the point of throwing your controller into the wall, breaking it, and having to buy a replacement, losing sleep thinking of how you haven't beaten a level even after over 1000 tries, having random crying fits throughout your day to the point of meeting a therapist who then diagnoses you to be addicted to extremely hard games designed to break your mind, body, and soul, and Shovel Knight."
,Recommended,260790,17756442,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tantei Rotana,A fun game that keeps you on your feet with tricky jumps and occasionally bullcrap traps. Fun although frustrating all the way through unless you grind for the thompsoncare item...which isn't worth it.
,Recommended,260790,14473979,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,FhonoNotch,Fun game!Oldschool :D
76561198177922821,Recommended,260790,30174777,Posted: 25 February,all,Austinlb55,i just wanted to add 1 more thumbs ups.
,Recommended,260790,30249682,Posted: 28 February,all,archdeco,The number of good indie games with indiana jones lookalikes is getting pretty weird.
76561198113218497,Recommended,260790,32166564,Posted: 3 June,all,Astro-Creep,"Very fun ""trial and error"" style platformer.Tis a good time to be had on the couch with friends."
,Recommended,260790,35144993,Posted: 22 September,all,MP,It is a good game.
,Recommended,260790,35250293,Posted: 27 September,all,ArcaneLayne,"Great precision platformer.LikedControls are tight and responsive, a must in this type of game.Level design:For a game filled to the brim with quick and ""cheap"" deaths, tiny details do an increadible job of forewarning the dangers to those paying attention.Each level feels fresh.Excellent mix of puzzle versus platforming skill.Good 8-bit artwork and animation.DislikedToo many cheap deaths requiring try/fail/memorization to progress. This is especially disheartening because there is so much good level design and learning that hints at a lot of it coming if you're paying attention.One level has such an akward, precision perfect jump that I wasn't sure if I was over complicating the solution(10-4). I wasn't.DART TRAPS! (This isn't a negative against the game, I just hate them because they killed me so much.)The gold grind for unlocks is just bad."
76561198001065202,Recommended,260790,34990588,Posted: 16 September,all,Duralumin,"A fun game that offers a legitimately fair challenge. Trust me, you can make that jump."
,Recommended,260790,35033108,Posted: 17 September,all,Latsu,"Well. I will definitely play this one again. Think of Super Meat boy, but more bullcrap and add hidden traps."
