user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,260990,21959631,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Genkisan,"I absolutely love it. If you are looking for a much faster and simple way of making your own tracks and music without the complexities of other advanced DAW software, then Odesi is perfect for you to get started.The UI is easy to get used to and very simple to use. If you have a hard time putting together a beat you can have Odesi generate one for you which is good for getting new ideas and changing the beat to your desire afterwards.You can set up Odesi to email your MIDI file and import it into other DAW software which I find useful for Mobile DAW apps. I imported a MIDI file from email into FL Studio Mobile on my iPhone and continued editing, tuning up the beats, and changing the instruments and it was awesome. :DI use a lot of different DAWs for PC and Mobile and couldn't believe how simple it was to create music on this. Odesi can be a nice replacement for other DAWs if you are on a budget and don't want to spend hours researching and learning them. If you are looking to condition yourself into using music producing software, give Odesi a try. You won't be disappointed and it's definitely worth the asking price. :)"
,Recommended,260990,21900472,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Shrimp,"It allows you to create sketches of a song you can then refine in a full DAW. It is pretty helpful as a scaffold and works as intended. Everything you create, can be exported as MIDI, reimported into another program and played by your favourite virtual instrument.Or you simply play it with a real guitar, but remember that those triad based chords are played differently on a guitar than on a keyboard. You can add 7th, 9th and 13th notes by ticking a box and remove and add others by hand.Basically this composing tool is the equivalent of a ""mockup"" tool for a web designer and can give you nice ideas and speeds up your workflow, but it can't replace talent.The developer is still working on functionality and usability and is actively asking for feedback to improve the product, which is always a good thing.Update:After some time I have to say, that this software is in fact really useful. It has become a part of my workflow. Very often my riffs start with a sketch in Odesi, though the final product sometimes is strongly adjusted. Personally, Odesi helps me to get more variation in my composition, as I tend to make the same movements over and over when jamming.But you have to find the right balance between intuition and planning for yourself, when it comes to music composition. Nevertheless, I recommend this software."
76561197967748137,Not Recommended,260990,23613984,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TheBlunderbuss,"Simply put this software will not run well on Windows PCs, period.  High CPU leading to sound stuttering and input delay was experienced on my Intel i7.  It turns out, the software was originally written for Mac, and Windows users get a repackaged browser version of the software. I would not recommend Windows users buy this software until it will run decently well.That said, the software otherwise accomplishes what it sets out. There's a small learning curve with the UI.  Jamming with your laptop keyboard is easy and fun, as the notes you press are snapped to the chord structure. Standard MIDI samples are included, and your work is saved to the cloud and emailed to you in the form of .mid files.   Nice to see the ancient standard still being used."
,Recommended,260990,21860819,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Exo,"This is a Great, simple to use piece of software, In only a few minutes I was creating awesome music and beats.It really helped me to generate ideas.It doesnt do everything but what it does do, it does really wellGood:The interface is simple and easy to useYou can generate your tracks or write your own for more controlYou get the choice of may different voices for your tracksGreat for generating ideas and creating loops, has the ability to write full pieces as well (as midi files)Easy to make changes such as the key and have the whole piece updateHas not crashed on me and the autosave is helpful, seems very stable.The Bad:I could not find a way to manually save, you have to leave the project to work on a duplication, a ""save as"" would be helpful.The menus that pop up cant be moved (as far as I can tell), this would be nice as sometimes they appear on top of the tracks.Overall this software is really good for both begininers and professionals."
,Recommended,260990,32843266,Posted: 26 June,all,2Ben,"Really nice software, easy on the computer, no crashes at all so far (and I use it in a VM, which is probably not the best environment).Now let's be clear, this is NOT a DAW, it's complementary to a DAW.It's here to help you quickly draft a chord line, a melody, a bass line and some drums, then you export all this to a proper DAW and polish everything.I strongly disagree with the reviewer who said it doesn't bring anything that a DAW can't do, it's a ridiculous assertion. No DAW, as far as I know, provides you with so many building blocks for creating a quick tune. That's not the role of DAW anyway.What Odesi gives you really is this, hundreds (thousands?) of MIDI patterns that you can mix, match and edit, while making sure evrything stays coherent and in-scale.Nos I understand ""purists"" might dismiss this as ""cheating"", but this also is kind of ridiculous. What you learn in music school is exactly this: learning lots of scales, patterns, how to make then fit together and sound good. And, yes, also how to break the rules when you have mastered them well enough.Odesi helps you skip the tedious learning by putting all this at your fingertips. And, yes, it does let you take things in your hands and modify notes yourself to break the rules and add your personality.Last but not least, the tutorial videos are great, simple, and useful, they make you want to jump in the software and start playing.If you like playing around with making music but don't have the technical baggage of years of music school, this really is perfect. And if you do have the years of school, this tool will just make it easier and quicker to apply your knowledge."
,Recommended,260990,21972259,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,OdatNurd,"The TL;DR version is ""It does what it says, and it does it well; I would recommend it as an awesome composition aid, with the one caveat that it is an online only application, if that matters to you"".Since I think that last bit may be a sticking point for some, I'll cover it first: This is really a web application that you're buying access to, with the added benefit of a custom client which extends the functionality. This means that as long as you use the proper browser (works in Chrome, not in Firefox, for example) you can access this from any internet connected Windows, Mac or Linux computer. Your project files are stored on the Odesi server, so they're always available no matter where you are.For Windows and Mac there is a custom Odesi application which extends the web version by allowing more than just a single set of sounds, which gives you more creative freedom to audition your ideas with. This includes the use of Audio Units on MacOS and support for VST instruments on Windows. As of the time of this review (March 21, 2016) the Mac version is not available on Steam and the VST support in the Windows version is still in beta. However, since you're really buying access to the web version, if you buy this and go to the web version on a Mac, you can download the Mac client right now. Do keep in mind however that these native versions still require internet access to talk to the web version.As for functionality, as the steam page and official web page state, this is not a DAW (Digital Audio Workstation) but more a ""Musical Sketchpad"". I'm sure someone more talented than I am (read: most anyone) could create a full song with this software alone, but that's not really what it's for. As the name suggests, it's for helping you to compose your musical ideas.What this means is that it helps you to build up your song using 4 main parts: chord progressions, a bass line, a drum line and of course the melody. For the first three of these parts, you have a large array of presets to draw from. You can use them as-is or as the basis for your own creative ideas. There are not (currently) any presets for melody lines, which makes sense. Instead, you get helped out by being able to have it only allow you to enter notes that fit with the key of the song that you're working with, although you can certainly go outside the bounds of the key if you want to. If you don't know music theory, the short version of this is ""it helps to make your random keyboard mashing sound more like music"".(NOTE: although there are ""4 parts"" to the song, you can actually have any number of each kind of item; the software works with sound ""layers"" similar to how Photoshop works with images)I find the presets to be invaluable; I play guitar, not drums, so having solid well known rhythmic backing to start off with is very useful. Similarly, it's ridiculously easy to audition and tweak your music ideas by being able to quickly get the core parts laid out before your start your hand tweaking.Everything is tied to the currently set key of the song, so you can change the key on the fly and have everything adjust automatically. Similarly, the bass line can be tied to the current chord progression, so once you set a style and rhythm for the bass line you can tweak the chords and the bass updates automagically.Your export options are MIDI files and MP3 files; the latter of which allows you to generate either a single file that is all of the tracks mixed, or each track in its own MP3 file for further editing and tweaking. Additionally, you can optionally also have Odesi send you an email with the MIDI version of your project a short while after you stop working on it, to help you ensure that it's not lost (this is currently turned on by default).I've tested out on Windows, Mac and Linux, using the native and web versions for all platforms (except Linux, which is web only) and tested the exported MIDI files in my DAW (Reaper) as well as in Guitar Pro, and everything worked great.Lastly, the native versions of the app allow you to use MIDI input devices; I tested with my Line 6 KB37 and my Akai LPD8 and both worked flawlessly."
76561197969127446,Recommended,260990,21924149,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,thegreatgar,I'm enjoying experimenting with this composition software and am looking forward to the many free upgrades promised in response to user comments. Lots of neat touches like emailing you a copy of the midi  file you've just been working on. Instructions could be improved a bit maybe.
,Recommended,260990,29471296,Posted: 24 January,all,antares330,"I Highly recommend Odesi for composition.I have some music background, but almost no experience in composition, and it's awesome!The terms of what you can all do with the exported tracks themselves is a bit confusing, but if you plan on just exporting to other audio software it's fine.I Love Odesi, well worth the money!"
76561198271385307,Recommended,260990,22545384,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,StringStorm,"NOTE: I have used a good 5 hours on this. Unfortunately my account says I haven't used a single hour out of this because I didn't open the program through steam. I am also writing this with a crappy 3mbps internet in mind.TL;DR: You can make quick and dirty sketches for your song with this and import it to your DAW to fully flesh it out. Needs a crap load of UI improvement, though. And you can't use it if you don't have internet which sucks.REVIEW: If you don't mind the clunky UI, then this would be an invaluable tool in significantly reducing music production time. It took me three weeks to consider getting this because of how expensive this is in my currency but I think its worth every penny as It reduced my time on making music by a whole ♥♥♥♥ing lot. It usually takes me two hours to make a 2 minute song. But when using this, I was able to reduce production time to a measely 40 minutes. And that was on my first time opening this app.However, there's two drawbacks I'd like to point out. First is the UI. Everything is too big to fit in my monitor. It would really be helpful if there was a way to reduce the UI size ranging from font to button sizes aswell. Everything is just too big to the point where I can't even click on some of the buttons. Zooming in and out of the piano roll is a bit of a hassle too. You would think that there'd be a shortcut to do this but there's no option to do so when you go into the shortcuts menu. You can't even bind keys! You can zoom in and out lengthwise by clicking the designated zoom buttons but there's no shortcut key for it.You would expect the program to be fully ready once it finishes downloading but nope. After opening the program, you are prompted whether to download an additional 1gb of vsts and sound samples or something. This should've came with the download instead of separating it and prompting you to download AFTER you just finished installing it.My biggest gripe with this is that it requires you to have internet just to use it. ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥to kingdom come, man. I want to use this awesome program without having to worry about my damn internet connection dying out on me when I'm in the middle of making a song.All in all, its a good program for its price. You can tell alot of work has been put into compiling the chord progressions and stuff. I just wish it came with an offline mode and a better UI with customizable keyboard shortcuts."
76561198115626981,Recommended,260990,31748277,Posted: 14 May,all,Monkeysaur,"This is a very cool piece of software, I use it to create music for game development, and despite being someone who is not very musical I have been able to create some very nice music with ease.The devs are also very responsive to feedback. The only thing missing is the ability to export a perfect loop, which would be really helpful for me, but having spoken to the devs about how I could achieve this, they told me they have added it to their list of things to add, which is fantastic!Great software, responsive devs, highly recommended."
,Recommended,260990,21967600,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,DavidStrife7,"Initially had a bug occur where the License Key field of the registration form wasn't filling itself out when you closed the program without completing the registration [make sure you complete registration the first time you start the software up until this is fixed!]. Contacted the company's support E-Mail and had Yakov deal with my problem. It was fixed within a couple of hours, and I was even given a second copy as an apology for the mishap. So you can expect great customer service as part of your purchase!As for the software, it's very easy to use, and removes a lot of work for you as a composer. Being able to insert chord progressions quickly and make edits along the way [and the software changes the bass notes to fit the changes you make to chord progressions etc], the tool helps you make edits such as key changes and rythmn adjustments with very little effort on your part.It's like having a referee manage the rules and constraints of the instrument you're using, and you being able to play in a freeform manner within the environment, which gives you more time to write music, and less time managing it. The claim the company makes on their website is ""It doesn’t change your workflow, it just speeds up your creative process."", in this I would agree. Only after using the software for a few hours, I can already see how I will incorporate this as my Step #1 in producing a new piece of music. This will be where I come to experiment and layout the foundations for what will become an eventual completed project.Highly recommended for beginners who's music theory isn't at a level yet where they feel comfortable composing music without support and aid from various tools and resources, yet even professionals can use this to speed up their workflow."
76561197970377237,Recommended,260990,22250166,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Perkins,This is very good music-making software original and well made. what I would like to see is.An undo button the ability to import midi files and have them treated the same as the chord progressions you make in the program so that you can change the key the Bassline and melody with your own imported chord progressions.I really good innovative piece of software I hope it keeps on improving along the same lines.
,Recommended,260990,24435631,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RLA | Jiegonator,"BUT IT. BUY IT NOW. It took a while but the dev has responded well to this review. The bugs mentioned below aren't there anymore. So rest assured whatever negative statement you see below is nullified.I'll be sure to use this software as a scratch paper for all my future projects.Journal below; Overall current rating: 4/5Edit 6:- and so... After a month, a week, and a couple of days, the dev has finally responded.- It turns out, Steam stopped notifying the devs when someone posts reviews on their store page. I have my doubts, but let's give him the benefit of it too, it could be true.- You can check out for the devs' response in the comments.- It's in one of the devs' comments but i'm including it here for people who don't read review comments; This is their support email:contact@mixedinkey.com- I'm taking off my TL;DR warning. But i'll be saving it just in case.- Until i see the fix, this review will remain negative.- Looks like we'll be getting our moneys' worth soon. they said they have a fix for the bug already.- They have addressed a couple of my feedback items too. I know it won't be part of the bugfix update we'll have tomorrow, but it's promising that we'll have a better software experience soon, and that they actually listen to their community.- Date today in my timezone is Sept. 20, 2016. So we'll be expecting the fix in my timezone at Sept. 21, 2016.- Adding 1 point on overall rating for the support and promise of a better tomorrow (literally).Overall: 3/5Edit 5:As you can see, it has been 19 days since i changed my review intoNEGATIVE(July 25, 2016) and the developers don't seem to mind it at all. That's almost 3 weeks!This gives you an idea of their 'support' for the community who buys their product.Current date is Aug 09, 2016Edit 4:I tried to Isolate the problem/bug just now. I found out that the behavior in which this happens is inconsistent.For now it's just random. It could and could not happen on a project you're working on. Which makes it more nerve-racking.- I also found out that if you try to clone the project that you can't open anymore, the problem will persist. You can't open your cloned project as well.COME ON Devs. Work with us here.Edit 3:Soo... CONFIRMED.I didn't do a half as$ed troubleshooting anymore. I did what any insane and desperate person would've done. I restarted the app, restarted steam, restarted the computer, reinstalled the app but nothing worked.I took it to the forums and looks like i'm not the only one having this problem. There are other users out there who has posted this problem way before Odesi went out on steam. And guess what? Odesi staff - Or Mixed in KeyDID NOT RESPOND OR EVEN RECOGNIZE THIS ISSUE IN ANY WAY. The guys who posted this issue WAS TOTALLY IGNORED.What is the nature of the bug?All projects that are saved in a previous session will not be loaded anymore after starting the application again.Odesi can only work no more than one time only on a project, period.This is a long standing bug that they have ignored to fix until now.I doubt this review will be recognized too as have the other people who has reported this before me.Edit 2:This is the ninth time. I start Odesi and click on a project. But it never finishes loading. What is up with that? This bug is a show stopper. This should be fixed immediately.I've waited a whole episode of this series i'm watching everytime i attempt it. This is really bad. It won't finish loading at all.And don't tell me to restart my computer. This needs to be fixed A.S.A.P.3 hours of my ""Hours spent"" is from waiting for it to load. What the hell?Turning this review to a thumbs down now.negating 2 points from overall rating because of showstopper bug.Overall: 2/5Edit:- If i'd be more critical, I'd say the software doesn't look like worth the 2000Php i spent (Around $42 usd).- There is an update coming soon, let's see if it could justify it.Bug:- I start the app > I click the project i'm working on. > Loading takes forever. What's up with that? I'm loading from my SSD.===========================I'm too lazy to make a detailed review so i'll just put here my reaction:(this is what i wrote when the software asked me how i can improve their software when i got sent to a google form. Yeah, just like a mobile app.)- Generally, more built in sample sounds please.- Wish it was a true fullscreen so it won't feel like a cheap and free application- Wish Buyers of the PC version won't have to pay a dime for the iPad version. Everyone knows in-app purchases suck. They will give you money, but in-app purchases has always destroyed various companies reputation.- I have this feeling like I'm using a tablet/phone app. I'm not sure why. But it just doesn't feel like the premium PC app that i just paid at full price.- A soundcloud integration export would be nice.- It would be nice if we could change the sound of a layer in a different bar. Not the workaround where we create another layer for a different sound.- Alt+tab then auto play is annoying.- Duplicate layer please.- Maybe set a toggle to keep a window open or not? Kinda annoying opening the window every time after just toggling through ""solo"" and ""unsolo""- It is not clear how to use Liquid Rhythm with Odesi. I have L.R., i know how to make them beatz and export them. But can we make exporting L.R. sounds to Odesi more fluid?- There are ""Project settings"" What about Global system settings?- It takes almost 2 minutes to Load the page when i clicked ""Projects"". Projects only contains 2 files. One of the is your demo.- A way to customize and save settings of keyboard shortcuts please.- How about changing the ""tap tempo"" midway through a song?- I wish panning is more versatile and editable.- Not having a shortcut to get back to the previous page after clicking ""Projects"" is annoying.- When you show a lightbox pane, usually, you can click anywhere to close that pane. Yours don't.- Why are some sounds there in the menu but has no sounds? if not, they sound garbled or something like the previous working sound but a trash version of it. These sounds are the ones in the end of the list, usually.That's all for now. :DCongratulations on your launch! The potentials i see in Odesi is so good that it is the first steam app i bought at full price!! (Mind you, i have almost 700 apps in my library and counting. So yeah, that is a big achievement.) I wish your Company's future all the best. :D4/5^ At it's current state. -1 for improvements."
76561198048401426,Recommended,260990,22633499,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ChakraWarrior,"This is a pretty great piece of software. It may be a little rough around the edges, but it can easily be something great.It's even fairly easy for someone who doesn't know much about music (like me) to make great tunes.It could use a couple of improvements, more instruments (coming in updates), and the ability to use it offline, but other than those minor things, I recommend it to anyone wanting to make some music."
,Recommended,260990,22092703,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tenkei,"It operates as mentioned as a ""Music Sketchpad"". It does that job very well, and (for me at least) its straightforward and simple to use. This program is a time saver, and its now the first part of my workflow. Afterwards I export into Sonar and expand the ideas there.I'm especially looking forward to the roadmap updates as well (particularly the Song Structure feature), which would bring further enhancements to an already solid product."
76561197964894376,Recommended,260990,21923721,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,100% Boer,Very Nice Piece of software to start working on ideas
76561198355174345,Not Recommended,260990,29148281,Posted: 9 January,all,Pauloc3517,"It's not worth the money, it doesn't offer anything a standard DAW doesn't do already it actually offers less. If you don't have a MIDI keyboard it won't allow you to choose any note. It doesn't automatically fix in recorded input to match the timing either like most other free software is able to do. It is buggy and lags out of time on playback. The built in sounds are nice and of decent quality but there is no velocity/dynamics to them, now it could just be it requires VST with the capability to do this but we will see. Doesn't seem like there has been much updates from the devs either so starting to think that the reviews left may have been false. I wouldn't normally mind but you can't even use this unless you are online. If you're looking for something reliable look elsewhere.Update: After using for a while longer I still find it buggy and lagging, VST support is and isn't there as in it turned up but then somehow decided they would all not make a sound and then upon closing and reopening they were gone, I add them through VST again and nothing. So maybe the application for Mac works well but the web app doesn't.  If you are going to release a piece of software maybe make sure it actually works before releasing it. Again avoid.Update: After attempting to try get a refund from Steam which was declined I've decided to message Mixed In Key directly I have kept trying to add in VST still no avail to be honest I just feel like I've been ripped off and robbed so will just be spamming twitter and facebook for fun now :)"
76561198031039906,Recommended,260990,28895590,Posted: 1 January,all,Triplefox,"OK, I just used this tool successfully, although not in the way one might expect. First off, I find it unpolished UX-wise. It looks nice enough, but the very, very first thing I did when I started a new project was to type a title with a capital R. It doesn't let you type a capital R. It lets you type other capital letters. But not R. The way it turns alt-tabs into ""start/stop playback"", its inability to fit my laptop screen correctly, the way it makes my trackpad freeze up occasionally(this is a thing I've seen Unity games do too, I have no idea what the common cause is) - all very irritating stuff.Regardless, after a few minutes of negativity, I did have a chord progression and bassline going, roughly as fast as the claims said. This is where I stopped following standard procedure and moved over to OpenMPT to track in the chords in by hand, and threw a melody on top of them. The melody was great but did not fit the progression I had, so I threw away the chords and plugged in some of my own. My workflow tends to lead with motif and melody and has chords follow, which presents a sort of philosophical problem for tools like these: Did it actually help to employ all this technology? I mean, I did write something that I wouldn't have written otherwise. But I did it in a strange ""sidechannel"" way where I did not simply sketch the thing in Odesi and then build on that: I more-or-less assumed that I was going to go roll the dice again as soon as I made the jump from MIDI to tracker sequence, and make destructive changes in the process of arriving at a more final arrangement.This isn't the only tool of this type that I have. I also have Sundog Scale Studio, B-Step, and Rapidcomposer. I like any tool that tries to make building and editing a sequence a more fluid process. But I find that I only take them out rarely, none of them are a silver bullet, and they each do things quite differently despite sharing some concepts. This one is less polished-feeling than Sundog and B-Step, but more so than Rapidcomposer(or least, more than the last time I checked in on that program)."
76561197979017726,Recommended,260990,22354341,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,DrDuval,"A very easy program to make your own music. There are tons of instruments and music styles available.The devs seem to be very active with updates and are also very active in the Discussion forums.A big plus is it has VST support, making the program practically limitless in its use.If you are interested in making music, but have little to no experience this is a great way to take your first steps.If you are experienced this still is a piece of software since you can export everything to your DAW of choice and continue editing your tracks."
76561198286993056,Recommended,260990,24031473,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,emonie83,Pretty cool
76561198183080179,Not Recommended,260990,25637968,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,stephen.crow257,Please do not use this for more than 2hours or you will not get your money backOne word to describe this is RUBBISH
