user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,261110,12483507,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Deostr #Hankey,Please port all of Suda 51's games to pc. I will give you all my monies.
76561198057442984,Recommended,261110,15457810,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Eddy Ramone,"This game is like Takashi Miike, Tarantino, and Frank Miller had a baby.And that baby had a dream.And that dream took some peyote and rode through the desert on a unicorn for a few days.   Surviving on nothing but cactus juice, sake, and smooth jazz.And just as it started to come down some rat basterd jacked it up with methamphetamines, clamped jumper cables and a car battery to it's nipples and forced it to develop a video game.Then the baby woke up slightly dazed and spoke it's first words...""Killer is Dead"" is all it said."
,Recommended,261110,10207759,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Tobias,"Port seems good. Renders at 1080p, but is locked to 30fps by default. This can be changed in an ini file. Image guide for that here:http://i.imgur.com/jRcFFNZ.jpgGame itself is great. This is a fun action game made by crazy japanese people who don't give any ♥♥♥♥♥ about feminism. Do not expect a coherant storyline. Expect to be regularly switching between being frightened, confused, and aroused."
,Recommended,261110,18345463,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"Playing as an assassin named Mondo Zappa (a pretty metal name) you take on missions for a bald black man with half a robot face in which you......i really don't know, there's vampires, monsters, a 200ft giant with laser eyes, spiders with human faces on their backs, a demon train, a talking unicorn, aliens, spaceships, someone steals the planet Earth (??), you travel back and forth to a moon you can breath on without a spacesuit and use x-ray glasses to oggle women's boobs and lingerie then they have sex with you in exchange for a stick of gum.I liked it."
,Recommended,261110,12459587,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"First off, let me preface this review by saying that this game is rather short and if you wanna play it on a computer with a dual core processor you are♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. However, if you can run this game, it is well worth your time and money despite these two problems.Be sure to see the guide as well on getting this game to run up to snuff, unless you're one of those people who think a game is enhanced by a subpar framerate.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=262696032tl;dr? Get this game if you're into the hack and slash genre even slightly, enjoy a moderate amount of difficulty, or appreciate a unique visual style in a video game. (Seriously, some of the frames in some of the cutscenes in this game are wallpaper worthy.)Killer is Dead is one of the most unique games I have ever played. Perhaps not mechanically; after all, this is at it's core a hack and slash game and it does have many tropes of the genre such as a grading system and guarding/dodging mechanics. As for the mechanics themselves, they're actually very solid if a bit overly simplistic to those who are used to DMC levels of depth. However, everything about it otherwise, from it's beautiful visual style that's reminiscent of 70's esque color pallettes, character, and outdoor design gives this game loads of personality and unique identity among others in the genre. I will forever remember this game because of how unique it is.Oh, and the soundtrack is a beautiful blend of electronic ambient and classical music. Often very dreamlike, much like the game itself.This game is not without it's problems though. Sometimes, the camera may not zoom out enough to give you vital information on the next enemy telegraph, leading to mild frustration at times. You will hate the gigolo missions not because they're bad (They lack a lot of depth, though.) but because the people you date will bother you in the middle of a mission to remind you that there are, in fact, gigolo missions and the girls want to see you before their mission gets locked off until you complete a few other missions. A minor inconvenience, of course. But I am of the personal belief that side missions should not detract at all from a main campaign and should be able to be played at your own leisure. I assure you, this is said in the interest of informing about an unsatisfactory gameplay mechanic, not in regard ofa controversial subject at the time of this review that I don't want to touch with a 1,000,000 foot pole because I honestly, really, could not give less of a ♥♥♥♥ if I tried, since said subject does not detract from a game for me at all. I only offhandedly mention it because some people do care and they should know it is in the game.There isn't a lot of enemy variety in this game either.However, this game is well worth your time and money, and I would even go as far as to say that it is a must own if you want to experience a game that is unlike most you've played. Expect challenge."
76561198054632874,Not Recommended,261110,10234888,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,yustin,"Hold off on buying it until they fix the glitches, expecially the Mission 3 glitch where a call wont end and so you cant progress at all, and there is literally nothing you can do to fix it yourself. Still no word of any patches coming out so dont even bother wastin $20 on this."
,Not Recommended,261110,10499971,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,PrinceFroggy,"Game breaking bugs on release day.1 month later: no patch, not even a single official statement from devs or publishers.Port of the year.Edit: 04.08.2014 Update:Still not a single patch has been released. This is pure scam. Don't get tricked by the sale."
,Recommended,261110,16560767,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Butt Man,"Killer is Dead - Nightmare Edition ReviewGame DetailsGame:Killer is Dead - Nightmare EditionGenre:Action/Hack 'n' SlashDeveloped by:Grasshopper ManufacturePublished by:Deep SilverRelease Date:23 May, 2014Metacritic Score:71 (Link)Game Review""Killer... Killer is Dead.""Killer is Deadis the latest title made by the iconic game creator SUDA51. In it you get to control the newest recruit of a reputable execution agency, Mondo Zappa, as he stalks and beheads a wide variety of criminals all across the world (sometimes even outside of it). As he settles into his new job, he also comes to terms with his own inner demons, balancing his talent for dispensing swift and brutal justice with his fleeting memories of a traumatic past, and peppering it all with his many sensual conquests.GameplayGameplay wise this is an extremely fun game. It is very simplistic and linear, yet you will have a good time slicing through large ammounts of enemies with your katana. Combat consists in lots of button smashing though, which after a while, gets repetitive, but you have a nice diversity of enemies too keep it ""fresh"". Combat which is in its majority through the game, insanely frenetic and challenging at times, being the boss fights the strongest attribute of it. You also have a nice selection of secondary weapons too once you unlock them through side-missions. Side-missions which are a nice way to offer some diversity to this game, since the main story missions are super linear, with a few collectables here and there, but excepting that, you will be walking around corridors most of the time. Some of these side missions are very fun, others are kinda lame after a while since they get extremely repetitive (gigolo missions), but they help giving the japanese vibe that this game possesses.The game also as a good longetivity, I spent around 12 hours in order to complete it (side missions included).StoryI found the story to be very weak. It was insanely confusing and awkward with lots of bland dialog and boring cutscenes. The oscillating tone does not work well too, it varies from emotional scenes to lame humor very fast. It has some pretty cool characters though, which help this category of the game.Graphics and PresentationGraphically this game is marvellous to look at. Incredibly stylish cel-shadded graphics give life to this incredible world. Most of the levels are gorgeous and well designed. Some are kinda lame though. I remember that one of the chapters was so dark that I had many difficulties to navigate through it, even with the brightness maxed out. Also a minus the lack of graphical options in the menus, since there is only one option to choose that goes from low, medium, high, no other options whatsoever. Despite that, the menus are slick and easy to navigate, loading screens are fast, and the menus also have a nice array of music to complement them.SoundThe music and sound effects in this game are great. I deeply enjoyed the soundtrack, and the sound effects all felt right too. Voice acting is kinda ""meh"", nothing special, the story and dialog surely dont help in this case.PerformancePerformance is great. I played on a considerably weak laptop and almost never dropped from the 30 fps cap on max settings. Unfortunately it is locked at the 30 fps mark but you can change that in the config files by following this guide -here. I also had to change the resolution in the config files since my native one was not available in-game, which is a big minus.SummaryPros:Great presentation and japanese vibeAmazing graphics and creative art styleFun and frenetic combatGood longetivityCons:Hugely confusing, weak storyExtremely linear story missionsLack of use of the PC technical potencialMy personal score:7.0If you like Hack 'n' Slash games and games with a japanese vibe, this is a game to get. I would advice to get in on a sale, even though the standard price is not very high, for the mixed experience you get its better to pay a little less. Nevertheless, you will have a good time playing this game, it feels good to slash through hordes of monsters and assassins."
,Recommended,261110,29875392,Posted: 12 February,all,limelight1210,"Overstylized hack n slash mind ♥♥♥♥.Now we just need Lollipop Chainsaw, No More Heroes and Shadows of the Damned to keep my high going."
,Not Recommended,261110,11369438,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Savage,"I was denied a refund for a common glitch in chapter 3 of this game which the publisher and developer refuse to fix.They are aware of this problem though which makes me think they are amateurs or money hungry. Although this may never get fixed, I can assure you that I will never buy another game from these clowns again. At least make contact with us gamers to let us know you care:KADOKAWA GAMES / GRASSHOPPER MANUFACTURE + DEEP SILVER. Just another slap in the face, thanks.FINALLY GOT A NEW DESKTOP. The fact that it works after I required a new desktop, my rating shall stay as is. No patch or fix to the glitch was ever updated."
,Not Recommended,261110,11154090,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Scolithy,"Warning- Do not buy this game (Unless you have a quad core pc)There is a serious glitch in episode 3 and onwards that causes an endless loading bug that prevents you from being able to finish the game. The devolopers ""have been noted"" though they don't seem to care coming the amount of time it has been since realease and what it is now and beyond."
76561197971672497,Not Recommended,261110,11558358,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Manga_John,Untill they fix the dual core bug this game will stop working on level 3. Shame because it looks like it could be fun but currently its unplayable for some.
,Recommended,261110,18348360,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,☠Afro Punk🐴🎮,"I'll start out by saying i love Goichi Suda aka Suda 51. I first got introduced to his game with killer 7 on the Nintendo Gamecube. With that being said i truly enjoyed the romp-through of this game, the randomness, the comedy that is normally expected from Suda 51.This game i will admit is the reason why i upgrade my PC. Killer is Dead had an error that would cause a event in the game to lock and prevent the player from progressing the story. This error pretty much effected those with dual core processors. Because of the devs reluctance to patch this game i was forced to upgrade since their were no patch in sight.When i finally got back into the game their were put offs about it that prevent me from playing. Bumping into blockage that are boss fights also prevent me from progressing further. I then realize that their were key elements to mastering this game and its enemies. The key element being ""Dodging"", the main fundamental of this game, the key to your victories. You master this, you master the game.Anyway this game is pretty much a thrill ride. The lack of complex moves and skill will prevent the most die hard of beat em up fans from enjoying their play-through, but the satisfying feel of taking down enemies will keep your average player hooked.The story; though not great, is your semi-cliche anime type of twist, but who is playing for the story? Not me! The game is separated in episodes so you'll feel like you're watching a season of a particular anime series. The presentation is all there for the player to love and enjoy while enemy bashing your way through the end.I found this game very enjoyable once i mastered dodging into countering and boy is that satisfying. This game is a definite buy for the beat em up crowd and definitely a game one should have in their Steam library. My dream one day is to have even more Japanese beat em ups to choose from in the future but having this game among others on steam is a great start."
,Not Recommended,261110,16156912,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Twatlord,"Expected a hack-n-slash with unique visuals and lots of virtual babes because why not.Got a broken Unreal 3 console port that needs tweaking with ini files (and the exe if you have a dual-core CPU), frame rate drops, random slow down during boss fights, broken animations and a frustrated game review.EDIT: I've written this review simply because this game is the only UE3 game I've played on my current duo-core CPU hardware that had slowdowns, crashes and such. I bought this game back then because I've met every recommended hardware specifications except the core amount and thought it'd still work (my CPU speed is at 3.1 GHz). I'll keep this review here to warn people about this little detail.Also, comments like ""git gud pc"" and ""works 4 me"" don't really help, please stop."
,Not Recommended,261110,10229387,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Dictionary,"EDIT 2: (December 4th 2015) They never fixed the bugs. I can confirm the game works on a 6600K at this point. Long story short, don't buy the game if you have anything less than a 4th gen quad core.* As of May 27th 2014 Deep Silver is aware of the bug(s) and is working towards a fix.I'm a huge fan of Grasshopper Manufacture and the game looks promising. However, fatal BUGS exist which will COMPLETELY halt your progress as early as the first non-tutorial mission, specifically mission 3. Verifying cache and reinstalling do not make a difference, user hardware is not at fault. This is an issue for many users which demands attention from the developers. It's entirely possible you won't encounter the problem, but you're taking a risk in purchasing this until a patch has been released to address the issue. Of course I will erase this negative review as soon as that happens, and I sincerely hope they are working on it because this is a $20 digital brick at the moment.I really want to play so please Deep Silver / Grasshopper, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Recommended,261110,10207900,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Phantom Symphony,"I played for almost a hour. (have everything unlocked on ps3) DAMN.. This looks so good , so far it looks like really well made port from consoles and ofcourse there is vsync function. The visuals are just pure art. Love this game. Big thanks for bringing it to PC and Steam. Must buy for a character action game fans.EDITThe more I play it the more I like it. 120fps ""fix"" does the awesome job. I personally haven't encountered any problems with game , it works just fine like on a console. Playing with Jpn voices , controller , vsync on , 1920x1080 resolution, Win7 64bit - if anyone wonders. Japanese voices doesn't match lip sync and game sometimes love just to freeze when I want to make out with Koharu (geisha girl)"
76561198014567446,Not Recommended,261110,10245574,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Mailblade,"Please, do yourself a favor and DONT buy this game. Wait until they fix all the major porting issues that people have or are experiencing. Especially the endless loading bug on Mission 3. I will remove this negative review (and make a positive review) ones they have fixed all the issues people and myself are having with the game. Really sad that publisher still treat PC players as ""second class citizens"", wonder why I am even surprised by this. Reminds me of the Dark Souls PTDE port (which was almost as bad as this port), well at least it worked compared to this crap. I still love your work Suda51.Reddit thread link with in-depth information on the progression breaking bugs (I strongly recommend to check the steam forums also):http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/26gd6v/killer_is_dead_nightmare_edition_released_in/"
76561198083455064,Recommended,261110,22871516,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,"[]\'/./][+\,/;'],];.'/],+","Pros- Simple, easy to master and fun gameplay. Character Action enthusiasts might not like this.- Very entertaining story, if a bit confusing and lacking detail.- All major characters are cool & memorable. Except Mika.- Very well executed humour.- Cel-Shaded Graphics.- Great voice acting.- Good soundtrack.- Good boss fights.Mixed- Known to crash and have countless bugs on dual core processors. However, it should run flawlessly on quad core or above.- No native windowed mode option. If needed, use the launch parameter “-windowed” minus quotations marks.- 30 FPS cap, though this is largely irrelevant since I never experienced a single frame drop or slowdown.Cons- In dark or dimly lit scenes (most of the game) the black colours tend to be over saturated and overpower the rest.- 1920x1080 and 1680x1050 are the highest resolutions available and graphics options are limited in general.- The hook up mini game is as distasteful as it is pointless. You can beat the game without any of the rewards.-Ends on somewhat of a cliffhanger with little to no possibility of a sequel like most Suda51 games.Terribad- MikaElevator Pitch: Classic DMC meets JoJo & Sailor MoonFinal Score: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,261110,11127519,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,NS.Njk,DON'T BUY THIS GAME: IS BUGGED.If you have a dual core you'll not be able to go beyond chapter 2.
,Not Recommended,261110,10270789,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,FuckNugget_37,"Please patch this game, I keep running into this problem where you recieve a call and after the dialouge is finished i can no longer progress in the game, come on guys, fix this."
76561197971021986,Recommended,261110,25788323,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,uni1313,"Killer is Dead can be described as a weird and strange action hack and slash game.The art style is unique in a way that sometimes you have the feeling that this is a sort of LSD-trip.The story is very confusing and to this day I still not know what exactly I was doing. There are a lot of cut scenes that tell the story. It’s something complicated like some anime movies.In short you play an assassin who’s called Mondo. Your weapons are a katana blade and a bionic arm – which can also transform I a gun that shoots blood. The fighting is rather simple and there are not a lot of combo’s – this is not a Devil May Cry style of game – the most important here is to learn to dodge and block enemy attacks. The game can be very violent and is not for children.Graphic style: this can only be described as weird. It’s not something for everyone – check some YouTube videosSound: music and sound effects are OKGameplay: this sort of game plays best with a gamepad. I played it with an Xbox One wired controller and it works flawlessly.Quality of the console port: this game is a console port and it has been ported with almost no graphic options. Resolutions are limited to 1920*1080. The only way to use other resolutions is via editing of an ini-file (check the forums) and via the program ‘Flawless Widescreen’. I tested it with a resolution of 2560*1080 and it works.I took me 11 hours to finish. Replay value comes from playing higher difficulty, finding all the secrets, getting high high scores for every level and missions."
76561198001632974,Not Recommended,261110,11011766,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ironymous Bosch,"From a gameplay standpoint Killer is Dead is not a well designed action game. It's completely devoid of any kind of developed combo system, you simply have normal attacks and guard breaking punches. It's chock full of quicktime events for finishing bosses, finishing normal enemies, even when you dodge an attack with a specific timing you get a little quicktime event pop-up to mash attack for loads of free damage. Fights very rarely have any fancy tactics involved, just mash attack with occasional guard breaks and dodge or block when an enemy flashes red. There are subweapons, but using them puts you into an over the shoulder shooter aiming mode which completely kills the flow of gameplay and controls really sluggishly. For some reason Grasshoper also didn't see fit to put in a lock on function so when you're fighting multiple enemies and you want to target a specific one you have to just push the stick/wasd towards them and hope the game picks the right enemy out of the horde. In normal play this isn't a huge problem but it makes some of the optional challenges a nightmare.Mechanically this game also has a whole lot of problems. There's a lot of hitbox and collision bugs, I've witnessed more than a few enemies and items spazzing all over the place because they intersected each other and the game didn't know where to put them. Sometimes these collision issues result in you dodging from enemies and getting stuck on other enemies that visually you have plenty of space to pass by making you take unneccesary damage. The game also has issues distinguishing priority between block and dodge which are bound to the same button and you'll end up doing a parry when you're trying to dodge. Again this is more of an issue with the challenges because when you're doing a timed mission you don't want to waste seconds in fancy parry animations when you're trying to roll over to where you want to be. These mechanic issues are all minor compared to the actually game breaking ones, like softlocks when the options disappear from the menu or the audio cuts out in bossfights, and plenty of people have issues with the game completely crashing in the third chapter which as of yet there are no reliable fixes for.Pretty much the only positive thing I can say about the game is it has a nice visual aesthetic, but even that only carries as far as its cutscenes. The cel shaded visuals look great in the carefully crafted cutscenes but in gameplay the high contrast lighting makes colorful items look plastic and darker areas look muddled and confusing.Watch it on youtube, you'll get all of the visuals with none of the frustrating bugs and poor game design. If you really want an action game go play DMC4, that's a much better port with a much better combat system."
76561197966526458,Not Recommended,261110,11713573,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Crusher,"Just finished this game and I feel like I need to add a review that is not based on glitches or bugs.What I expected was either a super-grotesque, ""wtf is this..."" game that keeps me entertained with its absurdness; or one with a genuinely interesting noir-style story (with a soundtrack from Akira Yamaoka on top of that!). However, neither of these describe the game.It certainly has many ""wtf""-moments, and at the beginning it even seems like it would deliver both of these expectations instead of just one. The art style is superb, the mood combined with the OST fascinating and yet you keep wondering ""what the hell is just happening?"". However, it just doesn't develop at all from that point on.The first and probably the main problem is the gameplay. Most of the time you have to fight your way through maybe 10 different types of enemies in total. Almost all of them can easily be defeated by stupid button smashing of your standard attack with some evasions thrown in at random. There is a mechanic to press your evasion button just as enemies attack to counter them with a ""smash x!""-multiattack, but the cue and time window for these is so small that I found myself ignoring it completely and just pressing the evasion whenever I felt like it. Many times you even trigger the event with this playstyle. Enemies in the air can only be killed with ranged combat, which basically means holding a single button down for 10+ seconds while aiming at them. In the end, every stage just felt like mindless button smashing to victory. And believe me, the stages sometimes feel like an eternity. There is absolutely nothing interesting happening within them at all. Defeat five enemies, go to the next room, defeat ten enemies, go to the next room, repeat until boss fight starts.While the bosses all have different patterns how to defeat them, they are not that much fun either. The whole combat system is just too simplistic to have any entertainment value.Apart from the main missions there is also the possibility to do sidemissions at any point: These are either more of the dull combat system (challenges for time or similar stuff) or the absolutely ridiculous ""Gigolo Missions"". I'm not kidding right now: In each of these missions, you sit somewhere with a woman and have to look at their body without them noticing. They say like 5 phrases again and again and either look at you or awkwardly somewhere else. While they look away, you stare at their breasts or legs and gain ""guts"". You also have glasses that let you see these women in underwear and what kind of presents they like, which further increases these guts. Once you have enough, you can give them a present, ultimately getting them into bed that way (and getting a new weapon). I have absolutely no idea what the developers of this game were thinking implementing this. It's the most awkward and stupid thing I've ever seen in any game, even the gameplay during that is ridiculously monotone. Seeing this feels like an insult.So, what's left? Ah right, the story. Before and after each mission, we get sequences usually between five and ten minutes. These are most of the time completely based on the mission at hand, but all refer somehow to the moon that makes the ""mysterious main theme"". However, the story isn't really developing in any way. Most of the time there are just a few sentences that leave more questions than they answer. Not in a good ""put the pieces together"" way though. Some missions are also dream sequences from the main character which seem to point to personal conflicts of him, but they are delivered so flat that there's absolutely no emotional impact at all.In the end, it feels like the writers just added everything that came into their mind on a whim. The story development is minmal at best and can be summarized with a few sentences. Nevertheless it always feels like the story wants to be poetic and open to interpretation, which makes this even worse. There's even a great story twist that didn't feel like a twist at all due to the way the story is delivered. And while there are many ""wtf"" moments, including unicorns, vampires, aliens, ghosts and whatnot, the game takes itself too serious to be enjoyable in that way.Summary: Don't waste your time on this. It looks cool, that's about everything good there is to say."
,Recommended,261110,12798424,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Hitt_,"-No idea what was going on 100% of the time-Seriously, what the hell was going on-talking trains, unicorns n♥♥♥♥♥♥-fourth wall doesn't exist-That ending?-Action game dating sim -- insta 10/10"
,Recommended,261110,29859522,Posted: 11 February,all,bongi347,"Game is fantastic. This is one of the best hack & slashers on steam. If you liked playing metal gear rising, you're gonna like this game. If you've been a fan of the devil may cry series, you're gonna like this game.Nobody's gonna put a 100 hours into mastering this game like they do dmc4; it's less technical, but the game flows so well. It's like the dead or alive to Street Fighter, except the style is all its own.You're going to want to complete this game, and those 12 hours are gonna feel great. You're gonna have an itch to get back into it on a higher difficulty. I didn't scratch it, but damn if only because that first playthrough was already so satisfying.If you are at all interested, check it out."
,Recommended,261110,26363206,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"I've played this game on xbox 360. Buying this again to support the game director SUDA51. I love those cult games he made, altough usually deemed as sale failure. Hope he can keep doing what he does.PLEASE BRING NO MORE HEROES 1&2 AND SHADOWS OF DAMNED TO PC! I will buy them all!Ok, review time. It might not be the best games regarding to gameplay, it surely has tons of style and Janpanese weird humor. If you enjoy crazy story with gallons of blood, this one is definitely for you.And gameplay is not that bad actually, once you've mastered how to guard and avade the game is such a slick experience."
76561198129630351,Not Recommended,261110,11362703,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jugularcollective,"It has been made unplayable by myself and many others due to major glitches, endless loading, crashes. Problems that have not been provided with adequate solutions and which have everything to do with the developers producing a defective product."
76561198112283135,Recommended,261110,12513447,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Icecreammouth,"This straightforward hack and slash game is perfect for players who loves performing special attacks that are triggered by perfect blocks, perfect dodges, or by simply just maintaining a high hit count. The only downside is some of the enemies and bosses can only be efficiently fought with ranged attacks, so prioritize on upgrading the subweapons and the blood meter as early as possible."
,Recommended,261110,11935104,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Nova Terran,"Fun game, and ultimately bizzare story. Boss battles especially were very unique and interesting; I could recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,261110,14129517,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gothic Man,"Playing this game is essentially signing a contract saying that you'll be willing to accept whatever strange insanity is going on in developer Suda51's head, and it's certainly a doozy. If you're willing to accept that you're probably not going to understand what the hell is going on (at least on your first playthrough), then you might be able to look past the veil and find a charming game worth loving. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,261110,10280525,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,voorsk,"For many, many people (including me, hence low playtime), a bug stops the game progressing past the beginning of level 3 (it's barely a demo experience up to that point).Don't buy unless you see news of a patch!"
76561198031324041,Recommended,261110,31002096,Posted: 7 April,all,Mumm-Ra,"One of those games that leaves you staring at the screen wondering....What da fuq  is going on?Has insanely good combat I will give it that and a strangely addictive storyline that will keep you playing to see the end..I mean Who the hell is David????A very strange game that is haunting me, as now everytime someone receives a gift I feel compelled to say Magnifico."
,Not Recommended,261110,10235966,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Akane,"Don't buy it unless you want to risk running into a game-breaking issue on chapter 3, when you are finally out of the tutorial, about 100 people complained about running into this issue even though they got a pc capable of running this, I don't know what the game is like because I couldn't even enjoy it, and what is the most infuriating is that devs haven't made a single official post about the matter or any other single post in the hub, be careful or you might just own a new 20 U$ digital brick."
,Recommended,261110,19852773,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[RAGE]cris,"I`m a simple man... I see a game with swords and boobs, on sale, I buy!"
,Recommended,261110,26187968,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Caomhainn,"Developer: KADOKAWA GAMES / GRASSHOPPER MANUFACTUREPublisher: Deep SilverRelease Date: May 23rd, 2014♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game! - Caomhainn 2K16You might wonder why I’m still giving this game a thumbs up eh?Aight so let’s clear some things up.I started this game up and expected nothing besides a weird♥♥♥♥♥japanese hack ‘n slash.What I got was a horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE, first experience.The game ran like a dead hamster without legs under water. It was unplayable.I had to force the game to run at 120FPS in order for it to work as I’d like it to work.I mean I really don’t care about the whole 30FPS stuff but dude … at least fix your darn game.Anyway after I fiddled with the .ini files it worked and I actually enjoyed it for what it is.Now I first started the game on Very Hard because I always try to play my games at the hardest difficulty. The thing with Killer is Dead or KiD is that it’s not meant to be played just once for several reasons.If you care ‘bout achievements then get ready to play through the game three times since difficulty doesn’t stack.Since you can just jump from mission to (sub)mission once you’ve beaten or unlocked it it’s clear that this game’s going to be rather grindy like, well, most if not all JRPGs.After I’ve then changed the difficulty to normal and actually dealt damage to enemies it wasn’t all that bad. In fact it was quite enjoyable.So what’s KiD all ‘bout you might ask.You’re slippin’ into the role of Mondo Zappa, an executioner, working for Bryan Execution Firm.From said firm you’re getting paid to go ‘round the world and to kill dangerous killers and assassins.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=785183572Mondo’s wielding, of course, a Katana with his right hand and his left arm’s basically cyberkinetic and you’re able to transform it into several sub weapons like a drill for example which you can use in order to break down walls to find secret areas and to break through enemy shields.Besides that the arm’s also sucking blood which you’ll need for several things.After you’ve chosen your desired mission you’re job’s to kill everything on sight as fast and as cool as possible in order to get as many heal, rose and moon crystals.Health and rose crystal increase your max health and blood level while the moon crystals are used in order to upgrade Mondo.The combat heavily relies on you having a decent reaction since you deal the most damage after dodging an enemy attack. If you successfully dodge an attack you’re able to mash the X button as fast as you can in order to deal maximum damage.Some enemies, including bosses, might be immune to normal attacks so you have to stun’em in order to use your blood burst.Once you’ve stunned an enemy you’ll see an icon and RT over their head which tells you to hold RT and press X in order to either cut something off or to kill.That’s pretty much the whole combat I mean hey it’s a hack ‘n slash.There’s a combo system as well and it’s actually somewhat important. Well it’ll make things a lot easier if you’re able to maintain a good combo.If you reach a combo of 35 you’re able to execute your enemies by pressing X for moon, Y for health, B for roses and A for nothing.Basically if you execute an enemy you can press the desired button in order to get more of said material.To make it simple: The better the combo, the more upgrade materials, the easier the game.That’s pretty much it.The thing’s just that every mission is relatively short and there’s no challenge when you’re playing on normal and every boss fight’s exactly the same.A boss fight has between two or three phases and you get into the next phase by successfully performing the blood burst attack.There’re quite some neat mini games and references though like the motorcycle battle in FF VII.The game features 12 main missions and several sub missions that you can do if you fancy those.Then there’s the Mondo’s Girls mission.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=784538887Basically you’re trying to get laid. In order to get laid you have to use your … sigh … Gigolo Vision … to accumulate guts. You gain guts by checking out the body of the beauty in front of your with said vision in order to see her underwear. Once you’ve gained enough guts you can gift her a present in order to woo her and to achieve your goal: TO GET LAID!So that’s fun.I mean I wouldn’t recommend the game for its full price but it’s usually always on a discount somewhere around four bucks and it’s alright to pick it up for that price.There’re some issues you’ll have to deal like screen tearing and so on but overall it’s worth playing through at least once. Especially if you’re looking through a rather weird game and hey ...did I mention it’s made by Suda 51?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=784174202"
,Recommended,261110,15305823,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ownosourus,"When Killer is Dead was released on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in 2013, it made waves for its striking art style and controversial gigolo side missions, but PC gamers didn’t want to sit idly by while they missed out on Suda 51’s latest surreal experience. Thus, Deep Silver and Kadokawa Games have teamed up to bring the sword swinging hack and slasher to Steam at an affordable, and very reasonable price. With even more refined visuals, keyboard and mouse controls, and a new difficulty mode, considering this is a new territory for the developer, they seem to have made out very well, all things considered.Killer is Dead stars an executioner named Mondo Zappa who has recently become a major cog at Bryan’s Executioner Office. The Executioner Office is the country’s first line of defense, banked on tax dollars and serving the state. Well, in theory at least, as most of its clients are individual citizens who come to the firm with a unique problem. There’s the man with a giant spider monster terrorizing his house, a musician who had her ears stolen and a woman in crisis from the dark side of the moon just to name a few. There’s never a job the office doesn’t take, and while Mondo is sent out on the bulk of them, he has assistance in the form of Bryan, Vivienne and Mika. Vivienne is a femme fatale with a dozen arms that shoot out of her back and fire guns, Bryan is the head of the operation who is one cybernetic implant away from becoming a robot and Mika is a young runaway that Mondo takes in because she’s good at making soft-boiled eggs. All the characters in the game are interesting, from the major players to the bit ones, with Bryan a standout outside of the protagonist. His cryptic messages and nonchalance helps elevate the surrealism of the situations.I’d go deeper into the plot, but find that difficult for two reasons: it would spoil the fun of unraveling the story and it’s incredibly abstract and difficult to put into words. Killer is Dead has a narrative that plops you into the middle of a mysterious world playing as a character you know little about. It takes place in the distant future as evidenced by Mondo’s cybernetic arm and the moon being inhabited. Indeed, the cover art is not just for show and the moon plays a significant part in the game. As the plot progresses, more is revealed about the characters and just what the hell is happening, rewarding those who stick with it and attempt to piece it all together.Matching the idiosyncrasy of the plot are the bizarre level designs. There’s a stage reminiscent of an M.C. Escher painting as imagined by Lewis Carroll, complete with stairs on the walls, and one that takes place in a thousand-story building. This is a game that literally goes straight to the moon within the first few hours, so except anything and everything. The unique setting of areas helps the game from feeling repetitive, although they aren’t always the most inspired, with more indoor corridors than I would have liked. The boss designs are some of the strangest in recent memories, rivaling even the Slurm Queen in DmC.The gameplay is that of a hack and slash and somewhat reminiscent of Devil May Cry. Mondo’s main weapon is his beloved katana, Gekkou, which absorbs blood and boosts his fighting ability. Blood can be used for multiple things, the most notable being the “Adrenaline Burst.” An enemy can be cut in half (usually right down the middle) upon being stunned, destroying them in one hit. The most important use of blood is to grant the ability to harness the power of Mondo’s cybernetic left arm, which is called the “Musselback.” Multiple (some unlockable) sub-weapons can be loaded into the Musselback, including the Bullet Shot, Freeze Shooter and Drill. The Bullet Shot is basically a gun and can be charged for more damage, the Freeze Shooter fires frozen bullets to slow enemies down and the Drill is a giant drill. The Bullet Shot is the most practical out of the three, although each has its own advantage.Most of the time, however, expect to be hacking and slashing. Most of the action happens by the way of the square button, which creates lighting quick combos. Holding down the same button does a circular “Moon Slash,” while hitting triangle breaks guard. On the defensive side of things, holding circle brings Mondo into a guard, while tapping it makes him dodge. If an attack is successfully dodged, it brings up a prompt to counter-attack, which allows the enemy to be sliced and diced in slow-motion. While it’s a wholly satisfying combat system, it does feel a bit outdated after the smoothness of both DmC and Metal Gear Rising.Perhaps the most shocking feature about the game is that of the “Gigolo Missions,” which is surprising in a game that has a character sprout legs out of her back and crawl around the ceiling. These are mini-games that can be completed in-between missions, with the ultimate goal being to seduce a woman for pleasure and weapons. Every mission has Mondo approach an attractive woman and begin seducing her the “Gigolo Vision” and sneaking a peak of her private areas when she’s not looking. You can look at her face too, but as the tutorial states, “staring at her face won’t increase your Guts, go for the sexy shots!” Mondo can restore the mood by looking in her eyes, however, which is necessary as she’ll ditch you if it cools off enough. Once you’ve gained enough guts by staring at her, you give her presents until she falls in love with you and gives you a weapon. It’s hard to predict how people will react to this mode, and I’m not touching that with a ten foot poll, but it’s surprisingly entertaining and all in good fun.It’s surprising Killer is Dead has received a PC port, especially considering we’ve only seen one other game from Grasshopper Manufacture breech the open ended barrier. Unfortunately, Nightmare Edition is a little below expectations. There’s a lack of options when it comes to visuals as it’s summed up in a single quality meter ranging from high to low. That’s not the concerning matter – it’s actually more stunning a nine month old console port of this caliber had any graphical selections at all – but it’s the five supported resolutions and limited frame rate that’s worrisome. It’s only disappointing because the game actually supports more than 30fps and any resolution possible, but to unlock these, players will have to go into ini file and manually change the settings themselves.Besides that, though, the Killer is Dead really shines on PC, showcasing the studio’s beautiful artwork.Killer is Dead is not everybody’s cup of tea. It’s avant-garde, darkly humorous, hyper-violent and different from most every game out there. It’s like the weirdness of Killer 7, Lollipop Chainsaw, Anarchy Reigns and Catherine rolled into one game, but narratively removed from anything that’s come before it. Out of the box, the Nightmare Edition is a baffling package."
76561198028845835,Not Recommended,261110,10508212,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Griseus Lupus,"Nightmare is right! The game is unplayable for a good amount of people due to the endless loading glitch in Chapter 3. Nearly a month and no patch or really any acknowledgment of the problem by the developers. In it's current state, buying this game is pretty much a 50/50 chance of throwing $20 in the garbage."
,Not Recommended,261110,11054944,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Grahamtams,"Yo, this game is bugged for a LOT of people on Steam.  Some will say their game works perfect, but many are stuck in endless loading during chapter 3.  Don't gamble with this headache!!http://steamcommunity.com/app/261110/discussions/0/522728181003355955"
,Recommended,261110,13465362,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Momma Regen,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE A QUAD CORE! IT WILL CRASH AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO FINISH IT!Please put ""quad-core processor"" in the requirements or patch the game.Otherwise, much like all the titles from Kadokawa, it's a great action game that makes very little sense."
,Recommended,261110,19568557,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,somebody336,"Killer is Dead is a Hack and Slash game that has you playing as a katana wielding ladies’ man named Mondo. He works as an assassin for a secret agency and is accompanied by his assistant called Mika, who he mostly keeps around because she is good at making half boiled eggs. Right from the get go you will have no idea what is going on as this game relishes on its weirdness and it isn't even mentioned what the enemies you are fighting actually are until rather late in the game. This game doesn't take itself seriously at all and will often break the fourth wall. The voice acting is sub-par but it fits in with the wacky B rated theme it has going on. The characters are consistently interacting with each other and are all memorable. Killer is Dead is very cut-scene and doesn't really tell anything resembling a story until later on, as Mondo gets some character development and evolves from being a bland forgettable character into something more interesting that makes you question who your allies are.To get this out of the way I must mention that the game is locked at 30fps. In this type of genre that is a big negative against it as it effects the fluidity and responsiveness of the combat which is most of what you'll be doing most. Another negative is that the game's highest resolution is 1080p. Both of these issues can be fixed by tweaking certain config files, though raising the frame rate over 30 does make menus harder to navigate due to being running far too fast. It is manageable going through the menus at 60fps but raising it to 144 makes it near unusable. Expect plenty of framerate dips as well. I do find it rather odd that it is even 30fps to begin with as it is by no means looks like a game that the seventh gen consoles would have trouble running. It is by no means unplayable but it is unfortunately a pretty bad PC port. With that out of the way the game features 5 difficulty modes to choose from and 12 main missions. One mission is entirely a cutscene, another has a bit of combat but is mostly a cutscene as well and the final mission is actually the same map from earlier in the game.All main missions called “Contracts” are pretty memorable and vary wildly from one another. One may have you searching through a dollhouse and in another you may be fighting off giant aliens. The wackiness helps keeps you wanting to play the game and knowing that there is a giant bizarre boss to fight at the end of each mission keeps you going forward. Common enemies are called Wires and are the creatures you will be slaughtering throughout the game. They come in different sizes and can wield guns, riot shields and various melee weapons. While they have bland appearances they are still quickly recognizable, so you will know how to handle that fight as soon as you lay eyes on them. In addition to Mondo's katana he has a robotic left arm that can fire bullets and is powered by the blood of his enemies. Unlike most games of this genre your ranged weapon is surprisingly powerful and can kill the weaker enemies with a single head shot, though due to it being powered by blood you will need to go face to face with your enemies to refill it. The only way to regenerate your health is to consume the blood stored in your synthetic arm to restore your health causing you to find a balance between ranged offense and emergency health.You will not be able to restore your health from the get go and must collect yellow gems that defeated enemies drop to unlock that ability. In fact you can't do much at the start other than mash the attack button and occasionally use your power attack to break through some enemies guards. It does get very repetitive if you don't upgrade your melee skills early on and would not be unthinkable if someone played the first few levels, saw the nonsensical story and bare-bones gameplay then never gave the game another shot. Even with maxed out skills, combat doesn't really get much deeper than launching an enemy up with a strike or being able to charge up your power attack. What made the combat more enjoyable was an upgrade that made your katana glow blue and strike much faster the higher your combo count goes, giving you a good reason not to get hit and makes you feel skilled. Not getting hit is easier said than done as the camera is less than stellar. It is surprisingly bad and will often get you in trouble. It is bad to the point that I would rather have my thumb on the right stick that controls the camera instead of the attack button.Blocking and dodging is rather important here since enemies will not stay stun locked for long and will attack you mid combo. Blocking in just the right moment will cause you to parry and allow you to mash the attack button in a black and white quick time event that causes serious damage to that enemy. Get your combo meter high enough and you can start to execute wounded enemies in a style of your choice. There are four ways to execute a foe and each grant you a certain item like crystals for health, roses for blood and the yellow gems you need to upgrade. Collecting enough crystals or roses will slightly increase the amount of health you have or the amount of blood you can store. Bosses are where you will want a good defense as they will smack you around the arena and often have a form of homing attack that is hard to dodge. Attacking bosses with your katana also fills up your blood meter but using your regenerating ability is a good way to get yourself even more wounded as there is quite a delay from letting go of the button and being able to move again. That is not a flaw and feels like a good way to keep you from cheesing through the game or what is supposed to be an epic life or death boss fight. All bosses have three different forms that change once you deplete their life bar and become more dangerous the closer they are to being defeated.As said before the story is very weird and gets interesting towards the middle half. It's not a particularly good story and is too open for interpretation, making it feel disjointed but you can't help but worry about the fun cast of characters. Along with the main missions there is this odd mini game in where you go on a date with a woman of your choice and try to sneak a peek at her with your X-ray glasses. Once enough blood goes to your head from sufficient ogling you will be able to give her gifts until she comes back to your place. It is odd to say the least. They are necessary if you want all the sub-weapons however. Challenges are a bunch of small missions that have you doing stuff like shooting down barrels with a turret or playing through small sections of a level and are mostly throw away filler. They do give you money like real missions however so that's a bit of an incentive. Money is used to buy the aforementioned gifts and can also be used to buy extra costumes that characters can wear. Even after completing the game you can still play through any mission and earn up extra cash for those expensive new costumes that are unlocked once you finish the story. It's a good way to motivate you to replay missions and maybe try them on a higher difficulty mode.Graphics have a nice, stylish comic book vibe to them and can feel like a cartoon at times due to its silliness. Music is pretty good as well and is used in great conjunction to what is going on. Killer is Dead is a game that oozes charm and style but has a lot of flaws that really drag it down. It is no doubt a memorable game, though it is not that fun to play due to the terrible camera. I'm not a fan of there being no jump button so you could juggle enemies or be able to jump out of the way of attacks instead of relying on the short dash. This is the kind of game I would only recommend to those searching for a weird, unique and outlandish experience if they think they can deal with the camera, the PC port issues and some pretty run of the mill combat."
76561198015033062,Recommended,261110,25518737,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Haducant,"if you like:- No More Heroes- Metal Gear Rising- Anarchy Reigns- We Love KatamariYou should like this gameonly Con was the camera, but it really isnt an issue, you get over itthe overall Presentation from the gameplay to the damn loading screens is ******* great"
76561198082332548,Recommended,261110,27889040,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[ＥＤＧＥ ＬＯＲＤ],"Killer is Dead has been one of my favorite Hack and Slash games aside from DMC and MGR: Revengeance, the style and gameplay are just mindblowing, it uses dynamics that make the game unique and has a lot of features to offer.Overall the game its great, it has amazing action, good levels, a bizzare but enjoyable story and hot babes, everything you could ask for."
,Not Recommended,261110,10247692,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Super Sentai Mike,"In the current state there is about a 50% chance you will be able to play the game properly. There are numorous glitches and if you don't get one you run the risk of running into one in later game which people just now have been showing up to have discovered.Currently the game is about a 50/50 chance of completion. So if you're willing to burn 20$ to see if you're one of those unlucky people, go for it."
,Not Recommended,261110,10221560,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Otto Raynar,"Wait for this game to be patched before picking it up.Sound is badly glitchy for some, completely non-functional for others.Frame rate and resolution are capped at console levels (22 FPS and 720p resolution) despite there being a (non-working) resolution option in the menu."
,Not Recommended,261110,10349083,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Vier Von Kreuz,Broken game two weeks after release. 0/10
76561198138851209,Recommended,261110,12385934,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,NEXTEL_FLIPFONE,"unlocking your framerate WILL break the game.  the game is not even rendered in a style that anything higher than 30 fps would be all that flattering to anyways so just don't do it!!that out of the way ill make this review simple: if you like Suda 51, Grasshopper, innovative hack n' slash games, high risk/reward combat, and/or this game even looks remotely interesting to you, i can just about guarantee that you'll have a great time with it.  if you don't like those things, this game will do nothing to change your mind, but you probably wouldn't even be looking at this if you didn't like at least SOME of those things, in which case, you should probably give it a shot.btw, while the game does explain some things to you as far as combat goes, there are some things that are not quite apparent at first, like the fact that you can do an instant execution on enemies that are not only stunned but also those who are mid-attack, unaware, and those a sufficient enough distance away from mondo to be considered unaware.  you can chain these insta-kills together as well to take out entire mobs instantly, and this is the only way to survive on nightmare difficulty.  the importance of keeping the combo meter going as well cannot be overstated - it increases the speed and strength of your attacks, and has various other effects as you climb higher into the numbers, like a blood multiplier which allows you to pull off more executions."
,Recommended,261110,13620844,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Electric Body,"Killer is Dead is probably the most fun I've had playing a game this year. Suda51 goes for a more darker, noir-like tone, as opposed to his more brighter games such as No More Heroes and Lollipop Chainsaw. Despite the darker tone, it's still one of those games that doesn't take it's self too seriously, yet still offers an interesting story; albeit a slightly incoherent one. This is probably one of Suda51's most cryptic games in terms of story, it has an open ended ending which can allow for multiple interpretations and many questions are left unanswered by the end of the game.The game mechanics for the most part are simple, attack, guard break/circle around the enemies when they block attacks, and counter/parry enemy attacks. Despite the simple mechanics I never felt the game got repetitive. Every mission had a distinct design with it's own unique boss. And to break the monotony there are sub-missions and Gigolo missions you can perform in between the main story.Pros:Unique setting dripping in Suda51's style.Lots of variety in missions.Nice amounts of side content.Simple yet still engaging fighting system.Cons:Issues with Dual Core CPUS.Somewhat incoherent story, maybe to lead towards a sequel.Occasional slowdown, didn't happen too often but at random times the FPS would dip.9/10"
,Not Recommended,261110,11129762,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Weather,Not worth it until the level 3 bug is fixed.At the moment you'd be paying $20 to play 2 levels and be stuck on the 3rd one forever.
,Recommended,261110,16862253,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Soap Therapy,"This game is just weird, weird as such.A Unicorn, Cyborgs, being on the way to Russia. Better still, being onto the moon to fight a man whose 'pear-sack' is visible with a bad taste in Fashion, and picking up ladies for sex in order to get rewards from them.With what that is stated above, it is the reaosn why I like this game. This is a Single-Player game that is about sword-fighting through the characters in game.This game has received bad reviews as it has been compared to other gaames with sharper graphics. Dont expect it to be real-like; This game uses simple graphics as such. But dont let the negative reviews fool you. The storyline is unqiuely weird, but when you play it to end, you'll know that it is a game that money has been well spent on. The storyline also does not shout out loud saying that ""I'M PART OF THE STORY!"". It is very subtle that is broken up into sections of the game that needs to be connected per section, from start to the end, to understand the full story.Without the high expectations of strong graphics and putting aside the rated content and sexism, this game is defnitely underated and is worth the buy. Ignore those who have said that this game sucks. It only looks bad from the trailer only. If can, get it during a steam sale like the recent one. It is a game that i definitely enjoyed to the max."
,Recommended,261110,33050827,Posted: 30 June,all,Milan,"This is really nice action game , I never understood why this games receive so much hate , I absolutely loved it , the way of combat , the special kind of graphic....I can only recommend."
76561198040382920,Not Recommended,261110,16404719,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,OTAKU AVENUE,episode three is impossible to pass because of a bug when natalia calls you
,Not Recommended,261110,10213730,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,mingcho50,Chapter 3 will not load! Fix the bug!
,Recommended,261110,23881735,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Red-Mage [Baloar],"Who is this Game For?==================Fans of Suda 51’s will be right at home, but those unfamiliar to his style of games might fight the story to bizarre for their tastes. You need to be looking for a tight brawler with a story that’s both nonlinear and left for interpretation.Is it good?=================The gameplay is that of a hack and slash and somewhat reminiscent of Devil May Cry. Mondo’s main weapon is his beloved katana, Gekkou, which absorbs blood and boosts his fighting ability. Most of the time, however, expect to be hacking and slashing. Perhaps the most shocking feature about the game is that of the “Gigolo Missions,” which is surprising in a game that has a character sprout legs out of her back and crawl around the ceiling. These are mini-games that can be completed in-between missions, with the ultimate goal being to seduce a woman for pleasure and weapons.Does it have any problems?========================There’s a lack of options when it comes to visuals as it’s summed up in a single quality meter ranging from high to low. That’s not the concerning matter – it’s actually more stunning a nine month old console port of this caliber had any graphical selections at all – but it’s the five supported resolutions and limited frame rate that’s worrisome. It’s only disappointing because the game actually supports more than 30fps and any resolution possible, but to unlock these, players will have to go into ini file and manually change the settings themselves. Besides that, though, the Killer is Dead really shines on PC, showcasing the studio’s beautiful artwork.Final Thoughts!====================Killer is Dead is not everybody’s cup of tea. It’s avant-garde, darkly humorous, hyper-violent and different from most every game out there. It’s like the weirdness of Killer 7, Lollipop Chainsaw, Anarchy Reigns and Catherine rolled into one game, but narratively removed from anything that’s come before it."
76561198041250247,Not Recommended,261110,11040964,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,gregoripac,"dont buy it, this  game have multiple bugs dont fixed  since relase."
,Not Recommended,261110,10221219,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Milesaru,"6 hours in and I've found this game to be a bit of a disappointment so far. Being a huge Killer 7 fan, I was really hoping Killer Is Dead would grab me for more than just its bizarre visuals but unfortunately I have to say that it's failed in achieving that so far. 5/10.Whilst the game does have the unique, trippy visuals that scream Suda51, the combat feels somewhat lack luster and lazy in some aspects but mediocore in general, whilst the cutscenes and dialogue had me facepalming on the regular due to non-sensical ramblings or tired one-liners used by the odd and partially irritating cast.For an action game, there felt like there wasn't quite enough of it at near the start and when there was, it was a case of the player being forced to walk down long stretching alleyways against gunfire or whaling on groups of enemies instructed to stop you but instead passively stand and stare, waiting to be kill off. It wouldn't be so bad if the main bread and butter attacks weren't disabled until you get to arbitrary points of a level but because of this, it felt like a slow, restrictive start.  There were also a few times where I wondered whether the dev team thought that certain parts of the game were actually of any fun; like having the ability to run disabled and forced to mindlessly walk through areas. Puzzles have been thrown in throughout the levels to mix it up a bit but from what I've seen so far, there's nothing really smart that stood out.The combat is probably the main reason I got Killer Is Dead and it's the game's saving grace. It handles like your typical, modern combat-orintated action title but doesn't really innovate on any of the main aspects of the genre. The parrying and dodge mechanics works as you'd expect, with Mondo performing special attacks if incoming attacks are parried or dodged at the last moment. Successfully dodging a string of attacks and following each one up with a flurry of slow-lo slashes feels good, even if executing these kind of attacks are quite QTE based. Because of the artstyle though, it can sometimes be hard to tell foes apart or see attacks coming if there's a large skirmish.One combat system I wasn't keen on was the fact that, to finish off a boss, Mondo would need to have at least 1 bar filled on the Blood Gauge. Considering that some enemies have to be weakened and stunned before they can be killed, getting one into a stunned state only to find that you just about lack the blood needed to land that fatal blow gets annoying pretty quick, especially when that boss snaps out of stun, they'll regain a sizeable chunk of their health back. It's reminds me of the hassle that came with using the melee takedowns in Deus-Ex: HR and the frustration of being just a fraction of battery power off doing what you need to do at a crucial time. Even though adds are usually there for you to kill and accumulate blood with, it's easy to want to spend that blood on much needed health or to instinctively use the moves that help make the combat fun.Some of the inputs for the special moves felt a tad counter intuitive too. For example,  the uppercut slash (Down+Up+X) felt right in Devil May Cry because of the auto-lock system KID lacks. Having your character run away from the enemy your trying to launch makes you second-guess whether you'll execute the move in the right direction or not. Not only that, you can't combo into this move either, so having to make the effort of halting your offensive to accommodate for it is a little jarring to the flow of combat. It does leave me wondering why there isn't any form of aerial combat, even more so when you consider that your ranged weapons run off the same resource needed to finish off enemies or regenerate health, feeding back into the issue raised earlier when fighting flying or wallcrawling enemies or bosses.I find all of the main characters hard to love. I'd be able to tolerate Mondo if it wasn't for the ridiculous sweep of his hair he does whilst stating ""Killer is Dead"" at the beginning of nearly every main mission, it makes me cringe every time I see and/or hear it. Mondo's sidekick, Mika, is some teenage girl whose constant whinings and dizziness seem archetypical of some of the characters found in stereotypical anime and is the kind of character that's bound to send Anita Sarkeesian fans into an unbridled fit of rage. Almost every time she appeared the thought ""I hope she dies at some point"" entered my head. As for the other characters, well, there's Cyborg from the Teen Titans and Eva from the Metal Gear Solid series essentially, or at least that's what I thought the instant I seen them.Another seemingly important and equally questionable part of the game are the ""Gigalo"" missions. These consist of havng Mondo take some chick on a date and then having him stare at their♥♥♥♥♥♥for as long as possible without being caught, culminating in a showering of stupidly expensive gifts you had to buy beforehand, oh, and this is all done so they give you a new weapon as a token of their affection, you know, like in real life. I mean, if dating sims are your thing, great, go for it, but it feels a little unnecessary andbut paradoxically not out of place in Killer Is Dead. Either way, I wasn't a fan.All in all, Killer Is Dead certainly isn't a bad game as such but I wouldn't say it's a great game either. You can tell a lot of work's gone into it and I haven't encounter any of the bugs that other people seem to be getting. If you're a Suda51 fan then it'll be right up your street but don't expect anything from the combat that you haven't seen from other quick-paced recent action titles like Devil May Cry or MGS:Revengeance. Actually, even if you've never played a Suda51 game before, Killer Is Dead could still be an alright introduction into the kind of bat♥♥♥♥♥♥craziness he's renowned for."
76561198039494030,Recommended,261110,13520499,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fire.al,"A very intersting and stylish experience, and also very original, never seen anything like this (new to Suda 51 games) but i definitely enjoyed the ride.The whole story seems to take place in a surreal, oniric dimension, you may like it or not i found that very interesting.The hack n' slash mechanincs are great very well fleshed out, they feels smooth and satisfiyng, easy to learn but hard to master exactly as they should be.The visuals, well you can see those from the steam screenshots they have a very stylish and surreal feeling that i love.Well this game is definitely not for everyone but if you feel intrigued by some part of it you should buy this and try for yourself, you may end loving it."
,Recommended,261110,25360094,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,iVoltGaming,"First of all, the combat in this game is awesome. It has a great artstyle, the game is easy enough to pick up, and its fun over all. I've definitely had my share of fun with this game and on special, its definitely a steal. Only complaint that I do have is that the camera controls can sometimes be clumsy."
,Recommended,261110,28218531,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Gerge-chan,"Vampires, unicorns, zombie Beethoven, cool combos, a magnificent suitYou really need to play this game."
,Recommended,261110,14777773,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Pickles,"Devil May CryKiller is Dead is a 3rd person action game about a man namedDanteMondo who works for a killer-for-hire agency specializing in supernatural threats.DanteMondo fights using a sword and a gun against a variety of enemies to try to stopVergilDavid, who uses a sword as well but does not use a gun and has more fully embraced the dark power they both wield.Jokes aside, Killer is Dead is very much ""what if Suda 51 did Devil May Cry"". The game absolutely oozes Suda 51 style, from the art style to the completely ridiculous and over the top characters and bosses. The combat is quite a bit simpler than DMC, revolving (mostly) around a single attack button and a block/dodge button, but is quite enjoyable and fast-paced nonetheless. The plot of the game isn't much to speak of, it only really picks up during the last few chapters. Overall, KiD, while having very obvious influences, is a very fun game with that marvelous Suda 51 style."
,Recommended,261110,18511475,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Hundreich,"Usually, i do not like ""Hack n' Slash"" games, but boy, Killer is Dead is pretty fun to play.Good combos, amazing finishing moves, HARD bosses who actually requires skill to defeat em.Also, you can have waifus. 9/10."
,Recommended,261110,12404956,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,racist mario,"Suda51 is the best developer EVER, these games are the true argument that videogames can be an artform and I'm usually totally against that.Surreal experiences coupled with a mix of good (Liam O'Brian AND Patrick Seitz!? earsex holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and bad voice acting, probably on purpose, with repetitive but not monotonous combatwhile this game is AMAZING, Killer7 is one of the best games ever made and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone and everyone, hopefully one day it might come to steam so that the perfect platform can have the perfect game without needing a ""dolphin"" :)"
,Recommended,261110,27179484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aceman,It's one of the best video games I've played in 7 years
,Not Recommended,261110,11552298,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mathak,"For anyone pondering on wether they should get this deal. Don't! Unless you have Windows 7 64 bit and a somewhat high-grade system, you will run into endless problems with unsolveable crashes and an unresponsive develepor team. I suggest you keep checking up on the steam forum threads regarding this game, and wait with purchasing untill an offical statement/fix/any♥♥♥♥ingthing has been released."
76561198281633150,Recommended,261110,32647845,Posted: 22 June,all,Snake Burton,"Suda Souls.Ninja Scroll meets Vanquish in this underrated gem.Amazing Bosses, intricate art design, and great tunes all in an interactive anime.Cranked it 4k/60fps over 40hrs, only couple freezes on later Gigolo mission.New cult classic and a steal on sale."
,Recommended,261110,29536134,Posted: 28 January,all,[hlife] Hotdog,"You'll like this if you like those weird anime that don't make a lot of sense, but just go over-the-top crazy and awesome. I often criticise a game for ending without an explanation, and while Killer is Dead ends pretty well, a little more explanation wouldn't have gone astray.As for mechanics, I found it pretty bog-standard. It's a simple hack n slash and doesn't offer much in the way of diversity in terms of melee combat. The arm weapons are pretty decent, but I hardly used them aside from the standard shooter. The drill is clunky and the camera aim on the rest is pretty bad. Speaking of which, the camera isn't good either, which hurts a game like this a lot. Aside from these gameplay issues, I had no other technical issues as some others have found.I did love playing this. It just has so many WTF moments I was genuinely surprised around every corner. The combat lets it down and gets boring by the end, but the story and set pieces more than make up for it in my book.Also Thomas the Ta... ahem... I mean Tommy the Evil Steam Train was beast!"
,Recommended,261110,16438324,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dheart88,"if you have only dual core notebook/pc you shouldn't buy it, see the requirement below -- it says QUAD CORE. Don't worry too much , you made wrong purchase you can ask for refund as long as it's under 2 hours and less than 2 weeks.First 40 minutes first impression:been only playing 0.8hr and I've encountered audio problem.. I  got it on lowest price discount yesterday, I love the other game done by Kadokawa but this port is ugly --  you have to fix it yourself or you could ask for refund if no solution. I played to chapter 3 and didn't have any so major problem, only a bit laggy and audio is lost in the middle of game and the problem is fixed by editting ini files,Some people had problem with chapter 3 where there is endless loop. after reading further information I found out that their computer spec is not the minimum here, I think the developer tried to sell it here without wasting much effort in porting so quad core is needed,I played first 3 chapters + 1 round of seducing a girl and the game is quite interesting. It's M 18+ game so blood and and sexy scenes are expected.verdict: buy it if you know the risk.. ! It might worth it..  we have 2 hours insurance now. So either buy and fix it youself -- anyhing goes wrong then ask for refund OR never buy it!"
,Not Recommended,261110,11592653,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Andrew Duda,Another console port. Unplayable.
,Not Recommended,261110,11679432,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,BOOTY SWEET,Sound cuts out after 3rd mission.  Would recommend if the port wasn't so shotty.
,Not Recommended,261110,11586677,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Robert Benzies,"This game is probably awesome on consoles but the PC port is the worst. It's unplayable for me and some other people because of a loading bug in the third level.I understand that bugs happen but the game has been out for a while now without a patch and it looks doubtful that the developer is going to fix it. This is a lazy port, out-sourced to people who probably aren't intending to support it. Buying this game is a bit of a gamble."
76561198061903684,Not Recommended,261110,11589165,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Hellhound11,Does not work on the thrid misson: Women in Pain. You walk over to Alice talk to her then that door swings open to trippy land and you get a phone call. Even after the phone call you don't hang up and the loading blood stains just repeat. You cannot run or interact with anything and you cant get back out the door you came in. There is no pause menu and no escape this is a game brakeing bug.... The game seems fun and I really want to play it but there is no way passed this bug. Please do something about this I don't want to be stuck in Alice in Wonderland place forever :( I will change my recommendation after I see results.
,Recommended,261110,24898623,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Aikia,"Nothing in this game could ever make sense to anyone, ever.10/10."
76561198163543279,Recommended,261110,28875417,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HACK.XIX,"KiD: Nightmare Edition is a fun, yet flawed title.Here's a short list of the pros and cons...Pros:- Savage and satisfying swordplay.- Phenomenal art style that's a mix of the aggressive cel-shading of Killer7 and the semi-realistic cartoon look of No More Heroes.- Decent length. Approximately 6 hours to beat the story on normal (+ more hours of gameplay for the side content / higher difficulties / rankings).- Crazy and creative scenarios / set-pieces only seen in Suda51 titles.- A great introduction to newcomers of the genre due to its simplicity, yet meaty enough for veterans to function as the perfect ""feel good""-game.Cons:- Minor camera issues when the action gets too hectic. Sadly a common thing in this genre... (*cough* MGR *cough*)- The left arm skills don't match the savageness of the swordplay.- The PC port is lacking in options. Only featuring LOW / NORMAL / HIGH presets, basic resolution settings and a frame rate cap.Other:- Gigolo missions... yea ._.""To conclude,Get this game if you're fan of Suda51 / the character action genre / aesthetically pleasing titles.If you're just a passerby, approach it with caution (wait for sale)."
76561198040413771,Recommended,261110,34871593,Posted: 10 September,all,|D.H.E| Leahcim,"A good game that has flaws in it's story (take it only as a cheeky story), short playtime and limited combat, but in it's package comes the classic weirdness of Suda51, great visuals, interesting bosses and a nice OST. Play this one if you want to play something different or you are a fan of the Hack n' Slash genre, else you can skip or purchase on sale."
,Not Recommended,261110,11580990,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Nyka Noella,"I really want to like this game, but unfortunetly there is a bug on mission 3 which traps you in an endless loading situation. No bug fixes have been issued by the company or the community yet, this issue does not effect everybody but it is still fairly commo so BUYER BEWARE.From reading the forums, it seems to be an issue with dual core systems but they're not entirely sure..."
,Not Recommended,261110,12100896,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BitInn,"I guess this is more like a PSA than my formal review:Dear K.I.D, I liked your actions and jokes and voice-actings, I really did. Up to the moment where you crashed and I re-launched to find you crashing right before selection screen (after logo intro).Then I saw under Steam\SteamApps\common\KillerIsDead\KidGame\SaveData, you got a 0-byte KID.sav file. Guess this is one of those ""Do not turn off your game during save"" moment. Except you bailed instead of me.It wouldn't hurt me as much, if you chose to bail around Ep.3, where many other players were having loading problems. But you ended up corrupting my save after Ep.10, when my endgame was in-sight.So you left me with 2 choices: delete that empty save file then start the game anew, or walk away. After all these upgrades, all these challenges, all these girl dating with blurred out scenes?This is Nightmare Edition indeed, but probably not the nightmare originally intended.Updated: I ended up getting someone else's midgame save file and finished this game.To sum up my opinion:- K.I.D's plotline is somewhat arbitrary at the end and leaves too many room for player's interpretation. Background for main characters, such as Mika and Moon River, are not well-explained. They could be intentionally left out for future DLC or sequel's sake, but I have a hard time imagine them coming.- This game does have pretty good japanese voice acting (from notable seiyuu no less), but it also happens to have the worst lip-sync cutscenes in years. Not surprising as characters are voiced by english actors first, but what a shame.- As for the action part of the game, they do feel adequately designed, even for a less action-oriented player like me. Destroying enemies are satisfying enough for general hack-n-slash fans, and for more hardcore players, attack chaining and dodging should be interesting to tackle on higher difficulty.- Speaking of actions, the most annoying control mapping award goes to ""middle-click + right-click"" to crouch, but fortunately only for about 2-3 occasions. By the way there are no options to remap keys in the game, I didn't find a guide for .ini tweak neither.Given Killer is Dead's numerous technical issues and lacking story, I find it hard to recommend this game wholeheartedly. If you are fans of action games, enjoy nonsensical dialogs and staring at sexy ladies (literally), then maybe give it a try."
,Not Recommended,261110,11717015,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,κάθαρσις,Gamebreaking bugs every 2 steps. Amazing.
,Not Recommended,261110,10942767,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SnAkE,"Damn, was looking forward to playing this but what the hell is this mess...Story is not only bad but annoying as hell, could have just left it out would have made for a better game.Controls are unresponsive even with a 360 controller.The fighting itself is dull and uninspired from the very beginning.And no jump? what the hell is that? I've never seen a hack and slash game that doesn't allow you to jump and for good reason! it sucks! that's like making a racing game without any vehicles...Game is buggy, audio cuts outs, screens turns black.art is not bad, but some parts the level design just gives you headaches for all the freaking annoying colors."
,Not Recommended,261110,12034655,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,farmerfren,"Looks good for the 0.1 hrs that i played, until the game decided to hara-kiri tsunami kamikaze banzai. 10/10 would kill itself again."
76561198037230325,Not Recommended,261110,20689697,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mr.T,"Do you like repeated smashing the same button over and over and over and over and over and over and over...and over again?Do you like destroying your controller for the sake of a game?Do you like developing arthritis and carpell tunnel in your hands because you had to mash the same, single button, repeatedly, at a speed faster than a slayer drum solo?If you answered yes to all of the above, you'll still hate this game because the camera doesn't realise its in a 3rd-person action/fighting game."
,Recommended,261110,14514151,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hikikomori,"10/10, I can look at girls' underwear."
,Recommended,261110,20483346,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,MaddMouse0927,"I'll start by saying I love all SUDA51 games from Killer 7, No More Heros 1 & 2, Catherine, Lolipop Chainsaw etc.. to this and so on, so yes, this is going to be a very positive review.If your looking for a crazy hack and slash game with busty babes, inu window dialogue, bizzare dark atmosphere/story then you've choosen the right game. If your looking for something that makes some kind of sense or an FPS of sorts go somewhere else cause its definately not here, so shop elsewhere.This dark gigalo with a badass attitude and crazy sword fighting techinques is something special. The story revolves around something weird going on with the moon which seems to be affecting the clients you encounter within the game. Mondo is a hired mercenary for this odd agency that takes high priority in eliminating ""Wires"" dark spawns from the moon. (Loving the story already? Great! Me too...)Its simple straight forward and to the point you'll figure out the story (if you care) at your own leisure. Most of the time you'll spend time doing missions at your choosing of order. You'll also take time to do some dating in order to unlock techniques, gear (or my favorite) achievements. Its a SUDA51 game so this is expected. The gameplay mech is simple, if your a keyboard & mouse user just click....alot. Controller user just mash...alot.  (this may feel somwhat similar to ""God Hand""...) of course not every enemy will let you beat them to a pulp, so yes there is some technique involved on how you can pull off your kills, your graded so it matters. Almost every kill will end (if you do correctly) in a flashy blood splattered explosion, which looks pretty epic. Other than that there are some unlockable gear for each character as you progress into the game.... Thats about it. lol.Its not bad or good game, just odd, and if you like odd games than this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,261110,14280467,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bobakush,This game allows you to waste your hard earned money on women. Just like real life.Feeling a strong 7 to a light 8 to this one-Anthony Fandango
,Recommended,261110,15026152,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Umbrage,"Once you apply the fixes, game runs great.You play as a soft-boiled egg loving man who kills things with a katana because he woke up one morning and had a robotic arm. Your companions are a kawaii Japanese schoolgirl, a sexy British chick with 20 arms, and a discount Samuel L. Jackson cyborg. You fight a bug-lady who lives in an Escher painting, a samurai who can turn into a tiger, a vengeful locomotive, and a music producer.These baddies are all infected with THE DARKNESS which is sort of a magic moon power thingy I don't really know. The game isn't exactly easy to follow, OK? But that's not important. What is important is that you remember to give candy to hot girls so that they can give you weapon upgrades.Also there's a unicorn.10/10 buy and play immediately."
76561197964866568,Recommended,261110,22481197,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"A good action game with few issues.The issue I had? Steam controller is good, but sucks at aiming, mouse is good at aiming, but sucks at everything else.I essentially had to use both devices and one of the profiles I found for the controller.The game is somewhat anime-like. The story is not bad, but shallow due to the way it's rushed out. Many interesting things were tried here and while not everything was pulled off, it's still a great game. Breaking the 4th wall without breaking immersion is cool... But, well, it did break immersion.There is some skill to this game, but it is not that hard on normall. With little bit of grinding, the game took me about 11-12 hours, so I assume between 8 and 10 hours is how long the content lasts.Clearly you can pull way more than that after achieving end-game. Unless you hate replays that offer nothing new.The only other issue I might have are FPS (thankfully there is a fix for that in guides) and sub-weapons.There are 4 weapons beside the sword and they are all not that great. The starter one is a pea shooter, also the only one you really need, than you have the drill that can help you gain access to some hidden areas and break armors (easier? but with blood cost) and... that's it. There are 2 other weapons that are just weak and not needed at all. Charged version of the pea shooter doing AoE damage and freeze gun, which hardly does anything.Anyway, the game is enjoyable, story is ok - if you don't minde it beeing very cheesy, rushed and anime-like.Most important thing is, that it feels rather unique. I find myself to be bored by a lot of modern games. This game was refreshing and was a nice experience."
,Recommended,261110,13948377,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,OhGodAGirl,"This game is a wonderful mesh of fourth-wall breaking characters, James Bond and anime bizareness. However, it's also plagued with bugs. It gives the infamous 'Runaway Loop Detected (Over 100,000 iterations), preventing loading; there are numerous reported crashes on Episode Three and Episode Four; it has extreme tearing issues and graphical bugs that can be circumvented by Nvidia users in their control panel...but poor AMD is♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.But, if you're one of the lucky few who are able to dodge the errors, you'll find a very enjoyable hack-and-slash, reminiscent of Devil May Cry, with more boobs. There are 'gigolo' missions where the object is to snap 'sexy shots' of women when they're not looking, which are bloody hillarious; there are minor bounty missions, where you have to kill so many of a certain enemy; there are story missions that are equal parts odd and engaging; Nightmare Mode is a balls-to-the-wall challenge with only three attacks being able to kill enemies (Adrenaline Burst, Dodge Burst and Headshots).If you're a fan of Lollipop Chainsaw, Killer 7, No More Heroes and Cowboy Bebop, pick this up when it's on sale. Until the developers start releasing more bug fixes, however, this game is not worth full price."
,Recommended,261110,30672064,Posted: 22 March,all,jeem,"It's a rare thing for a game to throw one or a handful of strong enemies at me and for my first reaction to be ""this is going to be so ♥♥♥♥ing cool."" This was the case for Killer is Dead for more or less the entire game, save for one part of one of the later levels. The aesthetic is moody, the characters are fun, the combat is everything I'd hoped it would be and a fair bit more, and the dating sim parts are...Okay, the dating sim parts are a little weird and you'll feel a little filthy afterwards but leaving all that aside it's a fantastic game and worth picking up for the gameplay alone. Lord knows you won't be able to figure out what the story is.Not because of how it's written, it's just you. You specifically. You're not incredibly bright, if you don't mind me saying."
,Not Recommended,261110,11148476,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Year of the Landshark,Game was released with game breaking bugs like everyone else says. Don't be fooled. The two levels I was able to play were great! But after that you get a bug on the 3rd Episode where a girl calls you during the mission and after that it seems like the phone is glued to your ear and all you can do is walk around. I even found a workaround using save files to get to episode 4. And guess what? IT HAPPENED AGAIN!!!! So its unplayable at this point until it recieves a patch or some kind of support. DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEN!
,Recommended,261110,26044467,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Poops,Unlock the FPS by editing one file they said. Make enemies move 2x faster.10/10 would unlock FPS again.
,Recommended,261110,13578874,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cool stranger,People who hate on this game are either dumb idiots or have sНitty prehistoric PCs
,Recommended,261110,11459850,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,telopots,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS IF YOUR CPU IS DUAL CORE, THERE IS CURRENTLY A GAME BREAKING ISSUE WITH THOSEGameplaywise it's a very simplistic beat'em up. You have your katana attacks, and a guard breaking punch. You can't combo them together. In fact, there are no combos at all besides spamming the katana attack.But don't run away, because the game doesn't need combos. It bases itself almost entirely on timing. Using the B button you can parry, do a just parry, or dodge.A just parry makes your enemy vulnerable, and allows you to start attacking him.Dodging an attack at the last possible moment freezes the time, and you have to mash X to spam your enemy with your katana.The more you attack your enemies, the more you fill up your blood gauge. Blood is used as ammo for your robotic arm, which can act as a gun, a freeze thingy,  and a ♥♥♥♥ing drill. The drill is used to break shields, and find secrets behind breakable walls. The gun is a gun, and the freeze gun slows down enemies (I never used it).Blood is also used to regenerate your health, and more interestingly, to  one hit kill enemies. You have different blood levels, and every time you use your one hit kill attack it uses one level of your blood. This mechanic proves to be very interesting in difficult moments, and having to judge what to do with your blood is pretty cool.The longer your katana combo is, the faster you hit. You have different combo levels, and after a certain level, you get to execute your enemies by choosing what they'll drop. Either blood exp. to increase your blood gauge, health exp., moon crystals, used to unlock upgrades, or straight up health.It's competent at what it does, and there are quite a few different enemies. Also there are gigolo missions where you have to stare at women's private parts while they're not looking, inorder to build confidence to give them gifts. When a gifts particularly appeals to her a little voice says ""Magnifico!"" , and when you give her enough stuff, you see Mondo walking away, holding her, the screen goes white, and you can hear ""YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"". The whole thing is incredibly silly and ridiculous. Some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥called it sexist, but you're not meant to take it seriously, it's a joke. Your rewards are different sub weapons, like the drill.You can find Scarlett the nurse by breaking items in levels, and in return you'll get challenge levels. If you complete enough of them you can have sex with her (yes).The storyline is a mess. Even if the main storyline does make sense, the ending ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, and there's a myriad of things that are never explained and don't make a lot of sense.For instance : ""Giant Head (ジャイアントヘッド, Jaiantoheddo) is a character in Killer Is Dead. He was originally a human researcher at Area 151, but was transformed as a result of the experiments being conducted there. A colossal, seemingly alien life-form several hundred metres tall, Giant Head is woken from its sleep ""a bit too early""[1] and subsequently goes on a rampage, apparently stealing the Earth in the process. Mondo Zappa must eradicate it in order to protect the world[2].""I still have no idea what stealing the earth means, but when you kill him an alien shows up, takes a small sized earth the boss dropped, and gives you a sun instead.If you can get past a slightly nonsensical and batshit insane storyline, you'll find an enjoyable, even if a little simplistic beat'em up with bunch of silly characters and dialog."
76561198032785860,Recommended,261110,12605509,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Dreath,"♥♥♥♥ing Beautiful, Blood looks great, Hilarity at every corner, Mind-♥♥♥♥ign to the point where you are just like, ""wait what?"", Swords, Arm Guns, Arm CANNONS, Fisticuffs, And Gigolos."
76561198203407209,Not Recommended,261110,20447994,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Samael,"Just a bunch of button mashing and an incomprehensible story. Killer is Dead loves making you wait through long, slow periods of nothing happening, but even when something IS happening it's not really all that fun or interesting. Quickly turns into a chore."
,Not Recommended,261110,12652327,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Gera(SpookyScaryFeeding),"If you have a dual core DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!Game breaking bug on chapter 3 if you have a processor with dual core.-. funny, since the first two chapters ran smoothlySeems like the devs aren't going to fix this... ♥♥♥♥♥ them!Update: The devs didn't do anything, but the community made a patch, if you have a dual core, check it out.The game is good, but you kinda have to be in the ""suda 51"" style, or you probably wouldn't like it."
,Not Recommended,261110,12661428,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Kraken,"[accurate as of 27 Oct 2014]Developers have not fixed a game breaking bug they have known about since June, and I cannot progress beyond episode 3 (which is only about 10 minutes into the game) because a door won't close.Do not buy this game.Shame on you, Deep Silver."
,Recommended,261110,19925066,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Astery,"A Grasshopper Manufacture and Suda51 game, a staple of style over substance with insane characters. As it always has been, you are gonna like it or hate it. I liked it, considering the low price of the game. Treat it as a high production value indie title if you will, and you will be happy of what you bought with the amount of money you spent.The plot isn't gonna win any awards, but it is interesting enough to not fall into the generic and completely predictable path. Some Suda51's insane touchs are present here.While the gameplay mechanic- or the ""substance"" isn't anything mind blowing, it is smooth as butter and very satisfying most of the time when you spend less than 2 minutes to make the game run at 60fps.Stay away from this game if you:- can't deal with Suda51's silly and insane stories.- can't deal with no target lock system for any action game. Killer is dead doesn't have one.- demands sex equality in games or else. It's Japan, political correctness on sexism in video games is hardly present there."
,Recommended,261110,17947056,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,army time,best gigolo sim on Steam
,Not Recommended,261110,14048313,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Cynyx,A giant QTE game with no interest for me.
,Recommended,261110,11183733,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,tippaah,boobwatching simulator (although more forgiving than real life) with hack n slash elements
76561198002986817,Recommended,261110,18509580,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"Its a pretty good game slasher game. Its from the same people who made Catherine with an anime noir style of game. The story is very different but good. The game is too short for my liking. I paid for what I got at 3 dollars. Its better then the old DMC games because I can play with keyboard and mouse without hurting my hands. It has a wide range of diffacult for you to choose. My only complaint is that I wish short story missions were not included as main missions as it truthfully has 8 missions, since four of them are short story related stuff. A good game that I highly reccomend that I think anyone who plays a slasher game will enjoy."
,Recommended,261110,19973024,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Busterbrady,"The dumbest  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g   game I've ever played, the dialogue went from a conversation with a man in gold bondage on a moon palace to video game cliches to soft boiled eggs to the main protag saying KILLER IS DEAD at the weirdest of moments. Don't bother trying to understand the game or it's story because it makes zero sense, the only thing I got is that you are some guy who works for black terminator and gets paid to kill people. Gameplays alright wouldn't buy it at full price though."
,Recommended,261110,17137460,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lt. Don Draper,"Fun and goofy hack n slash game. I haven't had any bugs, but beware of them. I played on Windows 8, 64 bit. Worked fine with AMD components."
76561198162731932,Recommended,261110,21312603,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,shinryaku,"Artistic score:9/10Gameplay score:6.2/10Overal score:8.5/10Killer is Dead is a stylish 3rd person beat 'em up game from Grasshopper Manufacture. While not perfect, I really found this to be a beautiful game that left me highly impressed. The game stars Mondo Zappa, a hired executioner and certified lady killer, who battles ""wires"" (metal monsters) while seeking assassination targets. The gameplay is all hack and slash with a little bit of fps mixed in via Mondo's gun, which serves as a secondary weapon.Pros:+Absolutely beautiful and unique art. Everything about the game is stylish, from the menus, to the unique cell-shaded graphics, to the overall flashy look. The game is worth playing just to admire how amazing it looks.+Great soundtrack that fits the game.+A totally unique, multi-stage boss battle at the end of every single mission.+Good hack and slash gameplay. I don't play many games in this genre, but I found the gameplay to be quite entertaining. The combat layout is an attack button, a block, a dodge, and a guard break, and some other things mixed in. As a secondary weapon you have Mondo's gun, which is fired in first person. Using the gun, or special attacks, consumes a secondary meter. There is a large handful of upgrades available to be bought throughout the game.+The player can choose between the English and Japanese dubs.Neutral:+/-Fanservice.+/-The game actually has a great story, but it's a little hard to understand as shown in the game. You have to put the pieces together or it just looks like a totally random mess. I had to read a plot summary after finishing to fully understand, although I don't think this should be necessary if you stay sharp and pay attention.Cons:-Too short. The main story only took me around 11 hours, although there is an abundance of side missions aside from the main story.-The level design is fairly linear. It didn't really bother me because the combat was good enough to keep me entertained, but it's worth noting.-The English dubs were a little overacted in my opinion, particularly Mondo. I tried to play English and ended up switching to the Japanese, which was much better.-The character models look fantastic, but they are not animated well. You can tell watching the cutscenes that their faces have very little joints, which causes their range of expressions to be overly limited.I am pretty surprised at the hate for this game. Yes it has its flaws, but it's such a unique and worthwhile game in so many ways. The art is beautiful and the kind of thing you won't see in any other game. The story is on one hand an interesting, somewhat light hearted sci-fi story, and on the other hand a clever satire on classic lady killing male heroes like James Bond. The gameplay is not revolutionary but it was definitely entertaining. All in all I found this to be a simply fantastic and totally worthwhile game. It comes with my highest recommendation.TL;DR:Stunningly gorgeous art. Good hack and slash gameplay. Level design is linear. Game is short (~11 hours). The game's high artistic value lends it my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,261110,18934033,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,R0ugeY,Well This Game Was worth the moneytho it was on saleidc10/10
76561197999759672,Recommended,261110,16317989,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,JetMechRadio.j2,"A cheap stand-in for a new Devil May Cry, focused primarily around maintaining combos that in turn power up your character's speed and attack power. There is definitely some forced filler gameplay in the form of slow walks, but the majority of the game is fast-paced and rewarding. Nightmare mode however is frustrating and unbalanced, at max health you last 3 hits from any attack. Not even a single man on the internet has ever recorded a full playthrough on Nightmare. This is a real fact so don't even think about playing on Nightmare difficulty for yourself."
,Recommended,261110,31457297,Posted: 30 April,all,fri_freeman,"Super stylish gameplay and art, but people with dual core processor will encounter game breaking bug that's fixable with a third party fix.Why isn't it fixed by the actual developer/publisher? Who knows."
,Not Recommended,261110,11556909,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Morgazmo,"You have got to be joking for the UI. I had to END TASK because RESUME and EXIT both take you back to the game.Shift R to change level in the menus? Game looks like a lot of fun, but I'll probably never play it because the menu system is SOOOO unintuitive!"
,Recommended,261110,25717292,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"Killer is Dead achieves to be a very simple and very complicated game at the same time. The simple part is gameplay. It doesn't even has complicated or different combo moves. All you have to do mash that button and get higher combos and it will go faster and faster. The complicated part is story. Actually it's not that complicated but game doesn't explain the whole story so you gotta do some research to get the full picture. Characters are awesome, level design is OK, side missions... well you have gigolo missions to do so what do you think? Artstyle is very good I really liked it. It fits well with the game. There are some annoying bugs and unbalanced stuff so they're the only bad things about the game for me. Long story short, this is a great hack n slash game in my opinion. A must play!"
76561198122347003,Recommended,261110,23698858,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,folio,Fxxking X button mash! I hate it!
,Not Recommended,261110,11356065,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,jt,"At the time of this review I've played this for 2 hours, and completed 5 missions.Here's what I think you should know going in to this game:It's basically a hack-and-slash game that's pretty story-heavy.The story makes literally no sense so far. Maybe it comes together but I really doubt it.The levels so far look like the weird room at the end of 2001: A Space OdysseyThe enemies you fight are for the most part inexplicable. They make no attempt to explain what they are or why they are even in these places.Here's the big issue: Gigolo Missions.If you want to get to pretty much any of the unlockable content you're going to have to go through ""Gigolo missions"" which are essentially long drawn out scenes in which you try to stare at a woman's cleavage without getting caught, while she repeats the same three dialogue clips over and over. Playing these missions will make you feel like a massive creep, and I imagine if you're not into women it's even more distasteful. Not only is the concept offensive, but the women are vapid, terribly voiced, and frankly embarassing charicatures of what an immature sex-obsessed 13 year old thinks an attractive woman is.Honestly I have never seen a more over-sexualized portrayal of women in a video game. So unless you're a fedora-wearing men's rights activist neckbeard with a view of women from the 1300s you're probably not going to enjoy the gigolo missions.The actual hack-and-slash gameplay is reasonably enjoyable, and the environments are interesting and surreal. Even the graphic style of the game contributes to an interesting visual experience. That would all be a lot better if the frequent cutscenes contributed to some sort of plot that you could make sense of, but as of chapter 5 that's not the case.I've heard a lot about Suda51, this game's developer. This is the first game of his I've played, and I'm pretty sure it'll be the last. Unless you're in the aforementioned neckbeard/fedora category I recommend avoiding this game entirely. Anything you'll be interested in you can get from watching Let's Play videos. Even significantly on sale I still can't recommend buying this just to have a bunch of content locked behind a bad dating sim."
,Recommended,261110,11596644,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,tez,I was hired to kill a giant who stole the earth and the hirer paid me with a sun.
,Recommended,261110,15208561,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ToasterRepairUnit,"This game is a great example of why you should always make sure your game plays and feels good before doing anything else. You see, this game's story barely makes any sense (despite being funny at times) and the game itself is filled with dumb perverted♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the gameplay FEELS ♥♥♥♥IN GOOD and is the only reason I kept going. it is shorter than I thought, though. so if you like beat em ups/hack and slash and don't mind sitting through some ridiculous cutscenes, I'd definitely tell you to give it a go. however, if you care about characters and the story, this might not be for you."
76561198058037301,Not Recommended,261110,18533352,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,LittleGreyWolf,"Just a short review.After only getting a short way into the game, it crashed on me. I verified the game cache. Tried booting it up again. Crashed again. Repeated same steps four times. Got absolutely nowhere with it. My advice: Don't buy it."
,Recommended,261110,10376167,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,BulletHardTank,Want to find out if you should by this game or not? Check out my review of the game on youtube. Make sure to tell me what you guys think about it! Thank you all!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rOfjPb2tFo
,Recommended,261110,17965433,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,o(-_-o) {ComeAtMeBro],"Japan is, in many important ways, the David Lynch of countries. You can never tell if they appear nonsensical because they are so far ahead of the curve of our primitive sensibilities, or if they are just fascinatingly insane. Suda51 is in turn, the David Lynch of Japan. This game is Japanese Twin Peeks.I have absolutely no idea what's going on, but this is my understanding so far:I have a robot arm that shoots blood and a samurai sword that is powered by moon crystals.I'm partnered with an anime body pillow that has somehow gained sentience and the ability to appoximate speech by emitting shrill, ear-bleeding squeeks.My one boss is basically Integra Hellsing, and my other boss is Japan's collective understanding of what a black guy looks like, filling in any fuzzy details with parts from the Terminator.We're apparently executioners that work for 'the government' but also we sometimes get payed by clients... provided they aren't ghosts.The first mission was to kill what I can only describe as the most horrific venareal disease I've ever seen as it rampages around the non-euclidian interior of an MC Escher gingerbread house.so basically, 10/10. Would trip balls again."
,Recommended,261110,14431063,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Pizzarous,"Of course I recommend it, this game is a piece of art"
,Recommended,261110,19824620,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Fibericon,"I have no idea what's going on, but it's amazing."
,Recommended,261110,16614875,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,webb.exe,"- Incredibly satisfying combat gameplay to this game- However, the story was super quirky and made no sense to me most of the time- Fun enough for the discounted price during this past Steam sale."
,Recommended,261110,17956639,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Kei-chan,"The gameplay from No More Heroes married to the trippy surreal stylings of Killer7. The plot ranges from incomprehensible to embarrassing, but the gameplay is solid and inventive throughout. It's definitely one of Suda51's more schizophrenic titles.The port's a little fussy to get running like you want it to, but once it's up, it plays just fine.Absolutely worth a look on sale, or full price if you're way into Suda51."
,Recommended,261110,20507654,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,randolf,"DISCLOSURE: I tweaked an .ini file to make it run at 60fps.Crazy, inventive, utterly stylish and nonsensical, KiD is probably a Cult Classic already.Gameplay is quite similar to Devil May Cry (either the original PS2 one or the recent British reboot) and so is the sense of confused wonder and delight this game frequently induces.The dating minigame will scar you for life."
,Recommended,261110,20604944,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,FishCat,"Very fun and enjoyable game. The art style is fantastic and the combat is very satisfying. The story isnt too great, but its not the selling point anyway. Only complaint would be that its fairly short, but it has some replayablilty ,with unlockables and extra missions for some extra playtime. Overall its pretty gr8 m8"
,Recommended,261110,17568442,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,DraGonM,"It's not action/slasher game, it's actually GetGirls game, like in real life you will spend all your money on presents for girls :D"
76561198031418934,Recommended,261110,18186567,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Slayer,"What a strange game, different to what i normally buy but im having great fun with it.A hack and slash with some strange concepts going on, love the boss fights and the japenese\chinese type stories going on, Get it on sale its well worth it."
,Recommended,261110,18310255,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,celeste_ar,"A Humorous, surreal and eccentric hack'n'slash with a striking artstyle.It has the sass and cool of DMC, the weirdness of Deadly Premonition and the dark atmosphere of Catherine. It is a game i will remember, truly.STORYThe story isn't very good when you look at it in retrospect, it is full of plotholes and goes nowhere. I'd compare it to the TV show Lost, not thematically but in how it lacks; it's intresting while you're watching it and offers some nice mystery and intrigue, but by the end you'll get much of the same disappointment as you may have gotten from the ending of that show.That said, though, many people still look back on the show Lost and think about how they enjoyed the ride. There was some real memorable moments after all, and the same could be said about Killer Is Dead; It's an enjoyable ride up until the end.Unlike Lost however, it doesn't get stale in the middle and the pacing is good and keeps you awake. Not to mention the frequent change of tone and ridiculous nature of the gameGAMEPLAYWhile perhaps pretty simplistic for a hack'n'slash, it provides with a satisfying power-fantasy. You dash around fast as lightning and it all feels like something out of an over the top shonen anime. The enviroments are varied and the upgrades truly feel like upgrades, instead of boring things like ""25% damage resistance"" you can unlock new moves and make yourself significantly faster and stronger.NOTE:30 FPS lockCan be unlocked in .ini files. However, this causes some issues:When you run out of health in the game, there's a revival QTE, If you succeed with this QTE you will be brought back into the game, But if you fail, you must restart the level from the beginning. Tampering with the framerate makes this QTE (humanly) impossible to complete as it doubles the amount of button presses required, Fortunately you don't have to become a cyborg to complete this as this can also be fixed in the .ini files. There are some good guides on how to do this in the steam community 'Guide' sectionMakes the game crash when you try to play the side mission 'Mondo Girls 3', This mission is not necessary to do in order to complete the game. It does, however, feature a sex scene with a qt azn grill, so if you really want to experience that, you'll have to go into the .ini files and lock the game to 30 fps again, for the duration of that mission that is.Makes boss battle QTEs significantly harder as they will require double the amount of button presses. Unlike the revival QTE, they are still beatable, but you may or may not have mash the button until you get blisters. If you have too much trouble with it you can always set the game back to 30 fps for the duration of the boss battles."
,Recommended,261110,18563240,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,woodN_forks,"Great hack n' slash with moves plucked from many different franchises to ensure a diverse yet familiar combat system. Art is great, the darkness is a bit of an aquired taste, but the heavy shading makes for a great aesthetic feel. The plot may seem confusing at first, but you should be able to piece it together as the game progresses. I recommend this game for hack n' slash fans and gamers who would like to support Japanese games on Steam."
,Recommended,261110,18478910,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,AIRBORNE OTAKU,"The gameplay is great but the story is quite underwhelming to say the least.This is great if you're looking for something to pass your time on, because it's mostly button mashing. Dodge, dodge, dodge, button mash, break guard, button mash, repeat.Mundane as it sounds, it's really kinda fun. KILLER IS DEAD/10 would play again.Vivienne is bae."
76561198144188003,Recommended,261110,17984789,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Ice_DeAth×HenTai,"Nice game but too many phone in bugs , i even dont know how to deal with that ♥♥♥♥ing hell D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D: -Agh  .. so angrily unload the game _(:3」∠)_"
,Recommended,261110,21799043,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MrGammash,"Well, I am not good with review but I am going to do it anyway. ""Killer is Dead"" is a hack and slash game with an anime-like art style and storytelling. You’ll play as Mondo whose working as an executioner. His job is to accept contracts from his office clients and execute his targets. In this game you'll play several episodes (missions) in which you'll know more about executioners and the characters including Mondo.The good:Mondo’s awesome moves and abilitiesGood boss battles.Anime-like story that is interesting.The bad:Some darks areas (precisely one of the episodes) makes it uneasy to look at the screenSome of the cutscenes have background music playing really loud that you can't hear the dialogYou’re forced to walk slowly in some episodes.I enjoyed this game. It's not mind-blowing but I think it's fun and worth a try if you're looking for a good hack and slash with some good boss battles."
,Recommended,261110,33264828,Posted: 5 July,all,Fireman123,"good n fun hack and slash,with a good cell-shaded graphic,and nice combat8/10"
,Recommended,261110,33260143,Posted: 4 July,all,Genetically Enhanced Pupper,"Killer is Dead is a hack n' slash with SUDA51's characteristic design embedded within. It's a very fun game at it and the way the aesthetic coincides with the narrative is absolutely sublime, got it on a sale for roughly 27 MXN, roughly 1.5USD. Ignoring the dating (gigolo) missions for me, the game is an overlooked gem, 9/10, definitely should try it out if you can, specially if you haven't played any other of SUDA51's games."
,Recommended,261110,13978504,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,hmk89,Better than No More Heroes.
,Recommended,261110,15031526,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This game is weird even by japanese standards. It's something completely, wonderfully, beautifully crazy and it's strongly not recommended to apply any regular logic while reviewing it, because it doesn't need an explanation or analysis to be enjoyed.Combat system here is nice and works smoothly, the story is intriguing and the absolutely unique visual style makes the experience unforgettable.Oh, and by the way, seducing girls in this game is another kind of fun."
,Recommended,261110,13721956,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,(ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง,Subarashi.
76561198066326537,Recommended,261110,13588047,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Guy,"One of the best games for me, go ahead and buy it, you'll have a good time if you enjoy Devil May Cry 3, it's just like DMC 3 but even better!"
,Recommended,261110,17968742,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,$.Ma$teRRRR,BooBs!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,261110,17961492,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,WILDGengar,"In the words of Kanye West ""That♥♥♥♥♥♥cray"""
76561198158633387,Recommended,261110,18154901,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Thelegendaryia,very artsy game. Love it so far. 8/10
,Recommended,261110,20514880,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Richard,Banged a 264 years old vampire ♥10/10
,Recommended,261110,17974472,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,j1m1nnn,"Killer moves, insane bosses, cool story...Best 4 dollar game (on sale at the moment) I everbought :}"
76561197985197500,Recommended,261110,17988054,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dr.Rogopnik,It's hard to play this at work
76561197980980892,Recommended,261110,15800453,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,JellyFingers,"Its a Goichi Suda game, what more can you say."
,Recommended,261110,19858910,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,izzy,"Not the best port, and capped at 30fps but regardless fun game."
,Recommended,261110,33351632,Posted: 7 July,all,Poker Joker,Amazing art style and an amazing game didn't have a problem with it what so ever.Great hack and slash with some third person shooting mixed goes smoothly and some of the best upgrades ive seen for a hack and slash game worth the money.Little tip before buying though don't waste your money save up so you can afford some amazing costumes.
,Recommended,261110,27977893,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(►.◄)Himoto≧❂◡❂≦,"As you might have guessed, this is a Japanese game.It's the creation of Goichi Suda, better known as Suda 51, whose previous projects include Killer7 and No More Heroes—excellent console action games that, sadly, never made their way to PC. As you might expect from a man with a number in his name, he's not your typical developer. His games are famous for their surreal visuals, slick action, bizarre stories, and musical influences.Killer Is Dead has all of these things, but it feels like Suda is on autopilot. It's like he randomly flipped through his ideas notebook, indiscriminately tossing whatever caught his eye into the game. A woman turning into a lobster? Sure. Staring at boobs with X-ray specs to unlock weapons? Oh yeah. A level set on the Moon? Why the hell not. It's so self-consciously weird and tonally inconsistent that it actually becomes tiresome—especially since they're trying to tell an emotional story in the middle of it all.The visual design in Killer Is Dead is brilliantly imaginative, but it's never more than window dressing. One level is like Hansel and Gretel's candy house crossed with an M.C. Escher drawing. Another sees you fighting in an ornate palace on the dark side of the Moon. Interesting settings in theory, but wasted on boxy, uninspiring levels made up of empty corridors and chambers.I really wanted to love Killer Is Dead, but it didn't take me long to realise just how superficial it is. There's such a sharp contrast between the wildly imaginative art and the tepid game underneath. The dull, ponderous cutscenes and indulgent interactive dream sequences—which are almost as bad as the ones in the first Max Payne—only make matters worse. The combat, as limited as it is, is the best thing about it. There's an enjoyable rhythm to the battles, and I love the feeling of evading an attack at the last second and responding with a tornado of slashes. But that's about as much praise as I can muster."
,Recommended,261110,25860985,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,GunHero,"well, what i can say........MY HANDS NEVER MET SOMETHING MORE FASTER THAN THIS¡¡¡¡¡¡A lot of combos, ecchi, and good history, it´s really good,Meanwhile, i just had a problem with a bug, but is really easy solve it, (well i am in the episode 5, i don´t know if there will be a lot of bugs more)"
,Recommended,261110,13660550,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Scheckle Bergenstein,"Do you like No More Heroes?Do you like Killer 7? its like if both had a baby. Anyone who has played no more heroes will feel right at home with the gameplay. I never really quite understood why this game got such mediocre reviews. It may not set a new bar for action games, but its solid gameplay, and really really great colorful visuals mixed with satisfying action is worth the price. This game is really beautiful."
,Recommended,261110,17954703,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lord Gestrüpp!,it's k
76561197972939512,Recommended,261110,17945942,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,jozuasgrunt,Fun hacknslash!Crazy story as usual.
,Recommended,261110,18010932,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ｎｓｏｎｇｓｔｅｒ ツ,"If you like Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising, you'll like this.Beautiful art style."
,Recommended,261110,18595865,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,愛Vannn.애정~,"Best Game Ever! Nice Advanture and Hack and Slash, that's my fav genre games. Try it U'll like it!!"
,Recommended,261110,12692372,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Slowbro,"It is clearly a game of style over substance but I actually had quite a lot of fun with it. This sort-of suda51 game has the incredibly unique style that you come to expect from his work. With such a awesome visual style it is kind of a shame that the combat is merely just servicable. That's not to say I didn't have a lot of fun playing the game, which I did, it was just largely due to great animations, interesting enemy design, a great soundtrack, and so on. The actual game systems are, unfortunatley, not the best in the spectle fighting genre. It's a button masher, which is fine, but I would have like to have seen some sort of combo system. That isn't to say the gameplay was terribly designed in any way. It's just good that the game was rather short or otherwise I feel the gameplay would have gotten fairly repetitive.Another sticking point is a bit of a contentious one. The game has problems with its portrayal of women that made me feel a bit uncomfortable. There are these side missions where you ""date"" women to gain weapons and other items. This might be a cool feature if there were any depth there in characterization and actually fit into the overall narative of the game. Instead, the mission is literally you as the player objectifying a sexily designed woman, lacking in any agency, by staring at her boobs and crotch until you build up the courage to give her present to which she will instantly fall in love with you. At it's best, it's kind of creepy and at its worst it is sexist or even mysogonistic. And, even outside of these missions the portrayal of women is on the cringeworthy side. Vivian and Mika, the two female characters in the game with any kind of agency, though that's debatable, have optional sexy lingere outfits for the player to gaze at. And they aren't exactly the most well designed, well written female characters to begin with. Ultimately, I can look past these parts of the game I find kind of weird and terrible because the rest of the package makes up for it.So despite having a few misgivings about some aspects of the game, I ended up enjoying it quite a bit for some really strong elements. I'll have to recomend it for the most part because I think this will be a game that will stick with me for awhile.Also I should note. I didn't have many technical problems with this game aside from a few framerate dips randomly. I did have to edit the .ini file to get the resolution I wanted which isn't a huge deal. There isn't really many graphical options or resolutions to choose from. Also, I hear that if you only have a dual core processor the game is literally unplayable at a point. Maybe someone has created a work around for that but I don't know. So yean, not the best port."
,Recommended,261110,32883630,Posted: 27 June,all,lil penis,お前はもう死んでいる
76561198020711671,Recommended,261110,18363563,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zettadigit,"When people say it's a terrible port, what they probably mean is that:- the framerate is locked at 30fps- or the graphics is just a little better than the console version- or there aren't a lot of graphics options- or that playing it with a keyboard and mouse is not intuitive when it was meant to be played with a controller anywaysNow, these are all valid reasons, but I think ""terrible"" is too much of a strong word.I'm a simple man. As long as the PC port of a console game works well, plays well, and I can play it with a controller (which is how the game is intended to be played anyways) then I think it's a good port, not great, but good.There are some game-breaking bugs though, the most known one being the never ending phone call on episode 3 if you have a dual-core CPU. People that are affected by this bug has every right to post a negative review. Fotunately for me, I don't have a dual-core CPU and I am able to play the game just fine.On the positive side, the game is really good. It's a Suda 51 game, so if you're familiar with his games, it still has the same amount of personality in it like all the others. The game isn't even hard to run which is really cool.Did you accept the game? I've been... enchanted by her beauty... and her chaos."
,Recommended,261110,12840712,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gwydion Himself,The main story is short but this game is fantastically good. Definitely an ideal example of video games as art. The gameplay is fun & satisfying.
76561198066265564,Recommended,261110,20546063,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Wonkel Brännerved,solo dies
,Recommended,261110,18633273,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BEANED!,The game has alot of problems it's not that good of a port and if you want to play it in 60fps you literally have to change several things in the config files. From what i've been playing it has some good action.i bought this on sale so i reccomend you do so as well
,Recommended,261110,18996001,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Cleaner,"As far as a fun goes, this game is fun. It's not debatable. This game is fun. As far as the quality of the port, seems like some people are getting the shaft. From my personal experience: Everything. Just. Worked."
,Recommended,261110,20977472,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,"Lets keep it simple. Despite some issues resolution, fps and difficulty... Normal is like easy. Hard is like hell. Game despite everything above is fun. It tempts sometimes with really good level design look at chapter 7 (Yakuza TIger). Things are getting recycled often but slashing is great, and thats decisive. Fighting never felt soo good when you cut enemies with 100 combos, with bloody finisher. Flow is here sometimes you will rage but you will come back because you know its fun and satysfying, when you finally do something right. Plot is alright I mean nothing outstanding soo far. Music for most of the time is nice. Characters are... specific.PS: PLS dont you ever do, time limit parts in missions especially with checkpoints at the beginning of timer when you have to repeat 10 minute sequence of slashing. Game is long enough even without it, at least for a noob of action genre like myself..."
,Recommended,261110,14038362,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Karma,"Dual core here, no problems. Game is perfection and I couldn't love it more.11/10MOAR SUDA PORTS"
,Recommended,261110,16478438,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lynchman,"if youre a fan of the hack and slash genre then tbh this is probably a great game to get esp when it goes on saleotherwise if you're new to this  but are brave enough to proceed then prepared to get the everliving♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked out your pixelated♥♥♥♥♥(and ego as you switch back to the easy setting) real early onok but no, positives include:-working for your (what looks like Samuel L Jackson cosplaying as cyborg) boss-feeling like a general badass dodging at the last possible second and slashing the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta the sorry sucker (by sheer luck ofc dont lie to yourself)-interesting art style-customizable costumes for your female colleagues ᶘ ͡° ᴥ ͡°ᶅ-funny af cutscenes-great for testing/increasing your reflex speed, at this point i feel about ready to dodge rain lolnegatives:-camera angles a lil bit funky at times-ok not really a negative, but this probably aint for you if story/plot is the primary reason you buy games like theres a reason CTRL + F returns a few results for ""LSD"" or ""Drugs"" on this page, all logic dies somewhere between chapter 1 and 2also tfw when your finger speed is not only fast enough to beat the boss but you somehow fail the revival minigame too lol, fk this im going to go play dark souls"
,Recommended,261110,13517401,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,finder647,"the combat was somewhat repetitive but still a lot of fun. surprisingly, the gigolo missions were fun.8/10 would peek again."
,Recommended,261110,12863671,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ahsht,"Pretty nice!I love the weapons and features.But the ending is odd, don't ask what it is no spoilers.But everything is good!GOOD GOOD GOODWHERE'Z THE 2?"
,Recommended,261110,16683052,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FlaTh,"Imagine that Devil May Cry was going on a walk in the park, and he met a Dating Simulator there.Then, they fell in love with each other and some time later, they had a child.That child hit his head when he was kid.That child is Killer is Dead."
76561198052967368,Recommended,261110,32894554,Posted: 27 June,all,Poddy,"Another crazy game from Suda51, would totally recommend !"
,Recommended,261110,15043991,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,QED20,"If David Lynch was Japanese and made a video game, this would be that video game.One half ""what the ♥♥♥♥"", one half hack and slash. 7/10"
,Recommended,261110,18550238,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Leo,"Literally a game about anime boobs and slicing up monsters in stylish ways with a katana. Then, you stare at boobs and the more you stare, you get upgrades for your katana."
,Recommended,261110,17193827,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Skyebaron,"A batshit insane, japanese as ♥♥♥♥, 3D action game. Dont try to understand the story, just enjoy the battle sytem and beautiful vistas. A no brainer buy in a Steam Sale."
76561198142753189,Recommended,261110,23817447,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,motzand,"This game oozes style, highly recommend anyone and everyone trying it."
,Recommended,261110,24412987,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,"weird and wonderful, highly recommend anyone and everyone trying it."
,Recommended,261110,13763884,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,m.baso,"Cool violent actions, sexy babes, corny dialogues, sexy babes, fluid control, sexy babes, mindless gameplay, sexy babes, cool design style, sexy babes!"
,Recommended,261110,32386880,Posted: 13 June,all,NICK COLEMAN,> Thomas The Tank Engine LevelDONE.
,Recommended,261110,13041248,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ducky,"I have no idea what is going on, but it's a solid action game which is worth your buck (when on sale). I like games that use a much-used formula but still manage to be a new (am I high or something) experience.The common enemies are relatively easy to get through, but the bosses are the most fun. While you can purchase cards you can use to be revived in a fight, the game does little to hold your hand. I sometimes found myself running around, not know what's going on, not knowing what to do. Then I realized I had to shoot the camera. Smart move, game."
,Recommended,261110,23333592,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,IMMORTAL,if you like DMC try thisit\'s not as fast as DMC but nice gamplay ^^
,Recommended,261110,17352828,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,starbuck,10 nocturnal pollutions of 10 + soft-boiled eggs +killer is dead
,Recommended,261110,11287194,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Thatheroguy,"The port can be better but overall a great Suda51 game if you don't mind its few flaws...NOTE: a lot of glitches within episode 3, 4 and 2 with an endless loading screen, I made it to episode 5 without no issues. I have a quad core processor. you will experience problems if you have a dual core processor."
76561197970494178,Not Recommended,261110,11799613,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mechanical Samurai,what the??
,Recommended,261110,29073152,Posted: 6 January,all,r.bastard,"This is what results when Japanese developers do a LOT of drugs. That said, it's absolutely awe-inspiring in its bizarreness, and quite fun once you get acclimated to the controls."
76561197995656590,Recommended,261110,33185860,Posted: 3 July,all,Ignite,"Killer is Dead is a game fall into infamous term of ""bi-polar kind of game"". You will either love it or hate it, And I can assure you it is within a really good reason.Killer is Dead at its core was a standard hack and slash game you all should be familar by now. Mondo, our suave protagonist  got a sword to get his job done which you can easily attack with X button (on Xbox controller) which the game chose quite a strange approach since in Killer is Dead the only proper melee attack was all about mashing X button until your enemies lie dead.Ofcourse the game also add a couple of mechanic such as a normal distance evasive, A timing dodge (where in result you get to mash even more X button), A ""gun"" on his left arm (where it use another important assest in game ""blood"") in overall Kller is dead got every components of any good hack and slash game right. Well, Most of them anyway.Very first thing you would notice right away is a tank control, Your movement feel SLOW, You can't JUMP, You can't Cancle  mid comboes and worst of the worst which ruined should be good experience in hack and slash game is your enemies Boldness.In most hack and slash games, Enemies attack can be easily cancel if they got HIT while in a movement of attack, which in result. Player can over power enemy with his/her attack and feel very overpower and satisfied when you unleashed killing blow on group of enemies. But in Killer is Dead, The enemies will not CANCELD their attack even they got hit by YOU, Instead they will press on attacking you and resulting in breaking your precious combo meter right away.As for the game aesthetic.....Well.... Its a Grasshopper's game, same breed from Suda 51, You can expect every weird S..hit in every scene (which done incredibly beautiful and stylized to the black bone) and this is a part where it really hurt me the most, Since I'm always a sucker for a games that consider itself as art and doesn't give a crap on them AAA modern games model on how to present itself to please everyone. And I can assure you, Killer is Dead gave quite a middle finger to every players very much.So.....Should I recommended Killer is Dead or not? Yes, Only when it was on a discount and only when you feel boredom of any generic story telling boring games out there and want to try something new and strange and weird. Killer is Dead will very much make you frown, sometime laugh and sometime inspired by its artistic approached."
,Recommended,261110,11114610,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Shinsuke Nakamura,It starts off a bit slow but by the end you're absolutely hooked. This is one very well done Spectacle Fighter with a very bizzare story that only Suda51 could deliver. Laughs and WTF moments are EVERYWHERE and it's just flat out fun. That being said the PC port is TERRIBLE.---30 FPS lockLimited resolution optionsNo graphic options to speak ofNo key rebinding AT ALLLots of loading screensCombat feels like crap at 30FPSYou can fix the 30FPS problem with some ini edits but still it should have never launched that way.
76561197993299430,Not Recommended,261110,19106096,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SquishyEye,"I gave this a good try, but i just can't like it.The gameplay is mediocre, if you're expecting a Devil May Cry or a God of War - the combat just doesn't deliver. It's a button masher, and I couldn't make it into anything more, no matter how much I tried to use special abilities and attacks, (and I have plenty of experience with action games.) Controls were fine with a controller, (I can't speak for M&B - i didn't try), but it was just boring.As far as art assets and story go... Someone compared this to Lynch.. This is NOT Lynch. Lynch has a soul, and a certain depth... This just felt like someone found an equation for surreal art and simply followed it without actually believing in it. Random stories, obscure humor, characters that have no explanation of why they are there and who are they really, just a ton of disconnected strings all over that don't make up a cohesive whole. I mean, maybe some people are into that, but I'm not, so I can't recommend this. I love Magritte, and Lynch, and in their surreal there is at least something that ties everything together. This game is more like someone just colored a canvas black, added a big red circle, then decided to add a robot arm, and then thought let's throw a unicorn in there for the hell of it, because why not.I guess I'll give this game some points, but only because it's at least something I haven't seen before. And there were some decent comic-book-style cutscene shots that were visually well delivered, I guess. But overall - it was a pretty mediocre ride on most accounts."
,Not Recommended,261110,18510088,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Recon ♔,Would be a good game if the game was not completely broken.Update: If you unlock the frame rate and get past some of the game breaking bugs it's a really fun game. I can't recommend because of the fact that it's a bad port but if you can get past some of the problems it's worth it.
76561198056187968,Not Recommended,261110,18943906,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Breda,"I'm a real sucker for pretty graphics so I thought I'd really enjoy this game. And I tried, I really did. However, ultimately I just came to deeply dislike it.  The game is beautiful and contains some of the coolest graphic designing I've seen in quite a while but the pc port is just oh so buggy.With the black screen bug and the controls just getting messed up every once in a while (and making me lose my unsaved progress every time I had to restart from checkpoint to clear the bugs) the experience was just frustrating from begging to bitter end. Not to mention this game is also the most sexist one I've played this year - not impressed. Moreover, I found the storyline bland and unremarkable.To sum up this title is nothing but style over substance."
,Recommended,261110,17115914,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Trainer Gold,"Playing Killer is Dead is like: Destroy your rage against others with the help of Mondo ZappaLet’s talk about the game:You’re a Hitman in charge of killing some very strange people with your insanely powerful katana because… No idea. You have an awesome bionic arm which can shoot yellow stuff but I found it very useless but again far targets it’s good. The combos are satisfying but they are one button smashing and that’s a shame, because it was better if you put a second button for strong attacks or something.In short:+Very mindblowing story+Awesome Gameplay+Mondo has a unique personality+“KIRA IS DEDDO”+Gigolo missions-Lacks of combos-It’s badly optimized for pc. You have to find manual fixes in the guides or in the discussions-Meh soundtrack, expect on the loading screen-The art is very cool but in some scenes is very difficult to understand what is going onI would give this game a 7,5 out of 10The score could be better if they worked some more on the gameplay but the game is good! Buy it!"
76561198007496858,Recommended,261110,13060595,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mattousai,This game is what would happen if Devil May Cry was written by a 13 year old boy on acid. Combat is fun and stylish. Camera controls are a bit wonky at times.
,Recommended,261110,10942834,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,N1001001S Pews ☺ CSGORage.com,"Cheese with extra cheese on top of that! But you get a samurai sword and a nurse in here, so what's not to like about this game?Buy it now while it's on sale, you won't regret it :)"
,Recommended,261110,11572006,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,E A R L Y 2 0 1 7 こーりー,"SUDA51'S Opus. If you're a fan of this developer, anime, or just batshit crazy games, you owe it to yourself to experience this."
,Recommended,261110,15297801,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,THE ALMIGHTY LOAF,"This is a very weird game. If you want to get MAXIMUM enjoyment out of this game try playing it while drunk or high. Might wanna try to do this some day. By the way, combat is good if that is what you're wondering.8 cocaine muffins out of 10, SMOKE UP KIDS"
,Recommended,261110,31418850,Posted: 28 April,all,DeadeGuard98,"DaRevieweD #7'Killer Is Dead' Was My First Suda51 Game and Its Quite The Experience, I Can Tell You That Much. You Can Check On Other Games by The Same Developer (Lolipop Chainsaw, Let It Die and You Decide for Yourself) Its Difficult To Like This Title Without Hating Most of What Makes It Up. Lets Just Bare It All Out........ (Don't Judge Me)""A Contract to Kill.""[+] PROS;(a) Hack and Slash;The action is done well, (I Think) I played on a PC but it should benefit from a controller. There's variety too; Shooting projectiles, closing in with the katana, dodging and the combination of combos in between.(b) Tools of The Trade;You can spend in-game currency on upgrades that will and in most cases greatly assist You in battle; Deal more damage, new moves and other stats increases. In addition, access to subweapons include the standard 'Rapid Fire One', 'The Charged Powerful Beam', 'The Slow Em Down' and 'A Sharp, Pointy Drill'!(c) Dressed to Kill;This is an utterly thin argument but I (along with certain others) am biased by the inclusion of Outfits (some through DLC) and others by fulfiling special conditions, afterwards available for wallet loosening. Sure, female ones get more scantilly, revealing... but hey its to please someone.(d) To the Moon and Back;I do like the concept of the story. An evil mastermind pulling the strings relating to the 'Dark Side of The Moon'. Interestingly (bizarre in other words) constructed and that defines it as a Suda51 game.(e) Cast;The Agency crew members especially resuscitate the game. Vivienne Squall's accent and voice is the highlight performance. (in my opinion) However as a whole still generally lack character development and thus nobody stands out.(f) Lines, Smooth Like Mondo;Some fourth wall breaking statements occasionally. (They're the only instances of hooking your cheekbones)(g) Not Just A Suit;The difficulty in this game is adequate and has a curve typical to that of any hack and slash games. Although the main question is whether or not you can conquer Scarlett's Challenges, then I applaud You for doing so! Also, implementation of 'Nightmare Mode' (Actually just 'Hard' would do...) which really ramps up the adrenaline!![-] CONS;(i) Famous Last Words;Maybe its the English translation or the voice actors' conveyance but my god such off putting vibe. (I expected more from Mondo and Mika..... and EVERYONE) A third option is the script itself.... doomed to fail during table reads.(ii) Dead Man Humor;The game is covered with a serious yet comical tone. (The latter making up 85% with full intent I'm sure) That said, I did not laugh out loud.... AT ALL. (Not because of my lacking in sense of humor)(iii) QTEs;A lot of button mashing, which can hurt and frustrate at times. Seriously please either no more QTEs.. or lessen them.(iv) Femme Fatales;(First time mentioning this in review) They were objectified and oversexualized beyond belief (Fine, maybe I'm overeacting...) This brings up 'Giggolo Mode', A Dating (simplified to crude parts) Simulator that relieves stress (supposedly) which felt flat and out of place. Although, Mondo was probably assuming his promiscuous, bar-pickup stereotype stud. SO I guess thats cool (not cool)(v) Length;Too short (despite coming with DLC). I'm sure consumers would've loved it more if the agency had more contracts to execute and clients to entertain (& payments to not receive.... a runnning gag)It Might Look Bad (Majority Most Likely to Condemn It) But Its Still A Fun, Unusual Experience. I Did Not Beat Myself Up Buying This Game, Though I Do Strongly Recommend Only Picking It Up When On Sale. (Wink, You're Welcome)""The Next Target!""6/10"
76561198071205362,Not Recommended,261110,17959217,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Bernd das Brett,"Wow, I'm really, really, really happy I only paid 4 bucks for this piece of crap...If you have a gamepad & a really bad PC it may not be that horrible for everyone else - gameplay, story, atmosphere beside - this is the worst console port I ever experienced.- It's capped @30fps (yep, not even 60...), if you change it via .ini edit you change the menue speed as well (which is, you can guess, horrible in terms of navigation)- You cannot assigned the keys (and they're horrible, sometimes you navigate with WASD, sometimes with arrows, and I have a pok3r keyboard, which means in some menues I have to press WASD in other ""FN""+IJKL)- No mouse in menues, choose next tab with ""r"" or ""q"" or some other weird key- 720p scales to your choosen resolutions (you can changed that in the .ini via notepad)- Options: low, medium, high; I have mobile games on my cellphone with more in-game options...- You can only quit when your in a mission, if you're on the map you CANNOT QUIT. WTF??? Seriously I tried EVERY key. I guess you need the ""start"" button of a gamepad. So I alt-tabbed out - my nvidia driver chrashed and the PC rebooted... I'm not kidding here.Maybe this could be a decent game, it probably was on some old console but the port isn't just a joke - it's an insult.I got 197 games in my library, I haven't wrote a review about one but this -  that is how bad it is. Out of 197 games I feel the need to warn others about this crap.The devs responsible for the port maybe had a fun time taking a huge dump on their keyboard while coding but for me playing this game was figurativley a nightmare"
,Not Recommended,261110,13146011,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Retrowave Demon,Chapter 1 Clear - Whoa! What a nice game!Chapter 2 Clear - I want to play it moar!Chapter 3 ~ummm...~ - Infinite Loading BugDefinitely not recommending this game even on 100% discount.Why you ask ?Crappiest port i have ever played.But!This bug was only on dual core CPUs without hyperthreading.Here's the link to the community post with fix for that.http://steamcommunity.com/app/261110/discussions/0/610574394234879652/I wont recommend it tho as I have been unable to play past chapter 3 and I don't have this game in my steam library anymore. I may buy this again and change the reviev tho :3
,Not Recommended,261110,18566576,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,bardacık,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE XBOX CONTROLLER. IT DOES NOT SUPPORT ANY OTHER CONTROLLER. THANKS STEAM FOR THE REFUND POLICY.
,Recommended,261110,11101907,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Calistus,"As one of the top reviews says, if you're sold on the art style, you won't be disappointed. The art and music really carry the game, and there are a lot of cutscenes to show off these strengths. With that in mind, I can't help but wonder if it would have been better as an anime. For example, there are parts of the gameplay where you slowly walk through a level and enjoy some story development. I wouldn't mind watching those segments as part of a show or cutscene, but I'm not sure I want my fast-paced gore-filled action game to be slowed to a grinding halt like that.The gameplay is good, but nothing makes it stand out in its genre. If this game were sold with the same price tag as Devil May Cry or Bayonetta, I would be pretty disappointed. As it is only $20 at full price, however, I think the price is right for the gameplay you get. Add the art and music on top of that, and you're getting more than your money's worth out of this game in my opinion.For what's not so great about the game... it's a painfully obvious port. I didn't even want to try playing it without a gamepad, as the default keybindings were plentiful and confusing. Worse yet, the game is littered with loading screens.Lastly, as many reviews complain about, you don't really get sold on the characters. I'm part way through the game, and I'd really like to know more about the story. It is kind of odd that the game is so heavy on cutscenes, but still manages to tell you so little about the protagonists. That's not a major complaint for me, however, as each mission tells a short (VERY short) story about one of the protagonist's clients. I haven't completed the game yet, so I don't know if it all gets tied together in the end. Even if it does, the game really makes you hold out for it, which might be a dealbreaker for some people.TL;DR: I think this game accomplishes what it set out to do, and I feel that the price is right."
76561198021995199,Recommended,261110,20497527,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Darth Pala,"When Goichi Suda meets LSDHonestly though, this game is great. The only thing that bothers me is I felt it was a bit short. It does get too cheesy every once in a while(and I loved every second of it), and you don't understand if there is even a story in the game till the last quarter. I'd reccomend you to play episode 1 after you finished the game andLook into your character's eyesAlso Liam O'brien did a fantastic job in this game. He made me play the game in English even though Mika sounded annoying as hell."
,Recommended,261110,30542625,Posted: 16 March,all,ｅｒｒｏｒ,"When compared to combat in games like DmC and Metal Gear Rising, Killer is Dead comes out feeling uninspired and underwhelming. The past few years have supplied us with more competent action games, more fully realized and stylish worlds, and much more interesting forays into marrying video games with mature sexual themes. Killer is Dead contains a handful of good ideas that are sadly marred by a wealth of technical flaws, tonal inconsistencies, and an offensively juvenile attitude toward sexuality."
76561198070749077,Recommended,261110,32883083,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir Zechs,.
,Recommended,261110,23210256,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DarkOrion11,It's pretty fun game it has some nice art style and a weird but good story. Also gigolo missions are fun.
76561198049362819,Recommended,261110,20207295,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,qarends95,"You know, for the first 30 minutes of gameplay I actually thought this was going to be a very serious game (in an anime sort of way).  Then I played the first mission.  Yeah this game is as ♥♥♥♥ed up as a japanese soup comerical."
,Recommended,261110,12649008,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,radGeist,"I love this game so far, i'm only 3 missions in and I definitely think it's worth the money, the only thing that I have to complain about is Mondo's sidekick Mika or whatever. She tries TOO hard to be a stereotypical anime girl under the age of 16. The music is great, the gameplay is pretty fast paced, the story actually seems kind of interesting at this point."
,Recommended,261110,12639443,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,tom2nd2some,"anyone who loved the visuals and mad storyline of previous suda51 titles (killer 7, no more heroes etc etc) are in for a treat. buy!"
76561198013739926,Recommended,261110,26108101,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TheXell,"Men In Black 3: The Sailor Moon FilesDirected by Quentin LynchStarring Vergil ""The Bloodedge"" Touchdown, Barret Wallace, Mitsuru Fapbait and KAWAIIUGUUrsula"
,Recommended,261110,16698108,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Le Meow,"nice combat system, nice story, nice soundtrackit's been a long time since i play this genremy best purchase from summer sale...gigolo simulator"
,Recommended,261110,12618795,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,m3lang3,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Tight controls, fun combat, a perfect (for me, anyway) difficulty curve, stylish and surreal visuals, a ridiculous story that doesn't take itself seriously, decent music, and tittilating elements.  Maybe it's not a game for you, but it's absolutely a game for me."
76561198060755597,Recommended,261110,13621566,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,VeryMadLex,BOOBIES YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
,Recommended,261110,12651208,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Janio,"Amazing and fun game, with crazy japanese action inspired by Suda51, including erotic minigames. I have read that are people with problems using a dual-core processor, and I have a quad-core which allows me to play normally. Oh, and do a favor to yourself and play with a gamepad."
,Recommended,261110,12757086,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,裸執事,"Killer is Dead is a character action by Suda51 and the first of his games to be ported to the PC platform. The game's mechanics are solid and while not as deep as other games in the genre such as Devil May Cry 4 they are more than serviceable and the addition of mechanics like Burst Rush (similar to Witch Time in the Bayonetta series) and an unlockable counter ability keep combat engaging.The game performed well on my (high-end) PC. I didn't encounter any glitches or crashes. I was really happy about not haivng to install any mods or tweak any settings for the game to actually run for once! It's a solid port.The game is amazing on an aesthetic level. The black shading that the game makes heavy use of looks great. Screenshots of the game look great but it's another thing to see it in motion. The OST is remarkable as well. Mondo and David's VAs do great jobs. The story is understandable but at the same time abstract like some of Suda51's other games. It never prevented the game from being enjoyable and enabled a lot of cool moments and funny dialogue. The game likes to break the 4th wall and uses it to create a powerful ending.The game is short, but still well worth anyone's time, especially if they enjoy action games. I played through without doing any of the Challenges and most of the Gigolo missions (which unlock subweapons). I highly recommend it! Hopefully more of Suda51's games will make their way to Steam as time goes on."
76561197979919858,Recommended,261110,12863501,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Alkies,"Pros -- The combat system is very simple, but it feels rich and full of complex animations.  The team did a great job on creating a simple hack and slash that feels authentic.  At first, I did not like not having the ability to jump, but I now feels it adds to the game authentic katana weilding feel.- The animation is simply gorgeous!  The shadows and light parts are breath taking. Once again, Mondo's movement animations are spot on and really creates the ""swordmaster"" feeling.Cons -- The story is confusing so far.  I have not completed this game yet (Shadow of Mordor came out :).  The story is very random and has that Japanese Magna sort of feel.  If you enjoy Magna/Anime, you will probably appreciate the story more than I.- I'm not a big fan of the Gigilo (or however you spell it) challenges.  Unfortunately, you need to complete these from my understanding to unlock more of his arm abilities.- Voice work is pretty annoying at best, but once again, this is hard to place as a con as if you watch anime, this is a common theme.-ConclusionWorth playing simply for the amazing animation and combat system.  I turned the music off the first 30 mins of the game as it was terrible IMHO, but others may enjoy.  The story is a bit strange.  I recommend the game if you love anime/magna, or if you are looking for a really fun hack and slash.  It has they Bayonetta type of system, which I really enjoyed."
76561197995330276,Recommended,261110,18607643,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ichi,"Great game, liked everything about it. AAA japanese action game."
,Recommended,261110,18632828,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Wrigleys,"This unique japanese game is amazing and put together well,it was strange in all the right places it was oddly perfect for me(it was so good, but I can't explain why it was so good). It was just crazy enough without being off the wall bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy, with some pretty interesting ideas.It's my underrated game of the year and it actually took my attention away from MGS5 definitely 5/5."
76561198117161563,Not Recommended,261110,18757201,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,AporeticMoth,"Oh my god, what the hell did I play?!?Seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥ is this game? I bought it for like $3, and I feel like I was ripped off and basically mind ♥♥♥♥ed. But not mind ♥♥♥♥ed in that fun little way when you find out something cool. This was the kind of mind ♥♥♥♥ that left me confused, and angry.The game makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense. There is 0 back story for the other characters, and what little back story you get for the main character is written so poorly. But they will drop weird facts about the other characters like they're going to explain something about them, and then never speak of it again. Don't expect any questions you ever have about this game to ever be answered, because they wont be. You will be left wondering throughout your entire life, and no amount of google searches will be able to help you. The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and makes absolutely no sense. BUT that's if you can even sit through a cutscene without it freezing and crashing on you. There are HUGE bugs with the game, most of them involve cut scenes.But how's the gameplay? It's a standard hack and slash, that's it. You have a few cool tricks you can do, but they get real old, real fast. You fight the same handful of enemies throughout the entire game, and you aren't even treated to the slightest bit of explanation as to what they are, who made them, or what the hell their motives are. The game play is lazy, very very lazy. The only cool thing about the gameplay is the handful of boss battles you're given at the end of each level. Those, I will admit, are pretty cool. They're the only thing about the game I actually enjoyed.But hey, there are boobies. 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ my entire life, I will never be the same again."
,Recommended,261110,18945586,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Darrand,kira is deddo/10
,Recommended,261110,19014101,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Joeysaur,"Really fun game, plays a lot like devil may cry which is absolutely a good thing. Definitely recommended."
76561197974653316,Not Recommended,261110,18677553,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MilkProduct,"The hardest part about the game isn't the fights. It's the 'mash X to finish the boss' -QTE that is repeated four times during the game. I hope you're good at mashing. Otherwise the game is cake.It's also a shame Suda51's weird and unique stories don't have weird and unique gameplay to go along with it. Just this basic, cookie cutter hack n slash template. It's not bad, it's just kinda eh. This isn't the Killer8 I would've hoped for when this game was first announced (I wonder if such a game is even possible for Grasshopper to make anymore seeing as these games cost more to make and therefore have to be less risky and more widely appealing). Anyway.There's some friction here and there that slows down the experience and diminishes replayability. You often lose control mid-game so that the camera can spin around to show you something and the player character is constantly slowed to a walking speed because somebody wants to talk to you over the phone. The writing itself isn't also as good as Suda's previous works. You can say they've always been weird for weirdness' sake but here it just feels amplified and the end result is a bit try har. I also can't buy Mondo as a convincing ladies man.The music and visuals are nice still. It's an alright game for one playthough. You might enjoy it for the spectacle.Update: Actually scratch that. The combat isn't that great either. Especially later on. The system is just an abysmal mess of jank. You have two types of enemies. Large ones that telegraph their attacks well but have these really slow attacks with aoe's that have their parry window not when the attack happens where it ♥♥♥♥ing should be but at the very end of it. It's makes no sense. You also have regular sized enemies that are either pure black because of the art style or over designer cluttered messes where you can't always tell what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing. They windup real slow and choose at random if they're doing a fast attack or a slow one. It's pure luck if you're getting a ♥♥♥♥ing parry. There's also two types of parries. One ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one where Mondo just throws the enemy over his shoulder and the other better one where you smash a button as hard as you can to do good damage. The game tells you it's decided by how fast you parried but really it's just ♥♥♥♥ing random once you play it. None of it is consistent, it all just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. There's also a sizeable input delay on your dodge move so you try to dodge something when you think you should you either do it too late or too early and eat♥♥♥♥♥♥ You eat♥♥♥♥♥♥every time unless you dodge away which stops your movement because there's penalty for moving around too much by dodging. This keeps the game's combat really ♥♥♥♥ing slow. And often even moving out of the way isn't enough like with Yakuza Don. I have no idea how I beat this game on the 360 but on the PC you never ever get a parry or so much as a dodge on him. He has ♥♥♥♥ huge aoe on every. single. attack. So you try to dodge away. Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dodge towards the attack. Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't had this much trouble dodging in any other game with the same mechanics. Even when if you were to look up gameplay for this boss you see everyone just run around the stage shooting him because the option to fight him legit is so poorly implemented. If you want to play an action game you shouldn't play this one."
76561198035538775,Recommended,261110,17342706,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,LIl Stinkster,Great Game! I give it 420/69
76561198001201505,Recommended,261110,12677953,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,michaeldgi,Im just in it for the mondo girls.10/10
,Recommended,261110,13060357,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Captain Batman,Blood and Gore everywhere! I LOVE IT 10/10
76561198025127159,Recommended,261110,12996164,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hyaru,This game has everything you never thought you wanted.
,Recommended,261110,13058236,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,BruceSerrano,"This is Suda51's best game.I've played all the main entries for Suda51. This game gives you all the bizarre♥♥♥♥♥♥but ties it together so it isn't indecipherable. The graphics are very solid, the boss battles are cleverly made, the length of the game is more than fair for 20 dollars, and the story is funky.The swordplay is well refined, definitely deeper than No More Heroes. While I can't say I've played a lot of sword based games. This is by far and away my favourite game for swordplay. It almost feels like Gunz with a K-style feel. As there's a heavy emphasis on dodging and quick movements. I won't get into the specifics about the weird♥♥♥♥♥♥he puts in, but suffice to say, it won't disappoint and it makes a lot more sense than Killer7. Edit: I've played more fighters/hack'n'slashes since Killer is Dead and this game doesn't seem to add much to the, ""Wait for enemy to do an animation, dodge or block, swing sword."" Still, it's better than No More Heros and it is well done.A few things I really don't like. The menu system is a nightmare to navigate with a mouse and keyboard and you can't remap keys from within the game. Albeit the ingame controls are perfect for mouse and keyboard. I wouldn't want to remap them anyway. It's also default set at 30fps which you can change by editing an .ini file."
,Recommended,261110,12628616,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Makod,"Based on limited gameplay:Great game, stylish, bloody, and just badass.  Very worth it on sale."
76561198067696688,Not Recommended,261110,18497830,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,amb2,I love the concept and dialogue so much so I hate to do this but fast clicking scenes in boss battles are made completely impossible. I'm unable to finish this game.
,Recommended,261110,17384694,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,stupid nuts,Eyes' orgаsm
,Recommended,261110,10371403,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Robert J. Sullivan,"a pretty competent character action game with the usual suda51 cuhrayzee factor, including a plot that isn't really spelled out and may seem nonsensical at first"
,Recommended,261110,17964993,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ÆpEEK!,"Pretty good game if you can overlook some easy to fix glitches. The combat is tight and you're able to unlock weapons and upgrade them, boss fights are pretty cool. Minigames within the game are pretty fun as well. Overall i'd say grab this under $5 only for the fact that the dev refuses to address issues within the game."
,Recommended,261110,18374803,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,M.I.R.A.G.E,"ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤ""The mission? Killer is Dead.""Well... there is actually a lot to say about this game but I'll spare you the details. If there's one thing about this game that I want to mention, it’s that I absolutely do NOT want this review to give away the content of this game. This game is rare gem.KID is a very interesting game where you play as a guy named Mondo who works as an 'assassin' for a particular agency. There is a very set and precise storyline to the whole game, and you progress through it via various missions. The story isn't slow, nor is it very fast paced and the various 'quirks' in the missions make the game overall extremely hilarious and fun to get through.Let me explain the basics:The missions begin with an introduction of the agency's 'client' and who he/she wants eliminated. Oddly enough, each 'target' connects perfectly through the main storyline so there isn't much to stray from. The missions are recorded as 'Episodes' like a show, so it’s quite easy to follow. Normally the 'targets' are main bosses found at the end of each mission, and let me tell you this: DEM BOSSES THO. Each boss is entirely unique in its own way and trust me, you will continuously look forward to the next boss after finishing every mission.Upon completion of each mission, you get rewards based on a grade (A-C, depending on how quickly and well you finish each mission) as well as side quests. These are actually quite fun as well. When you play through the story, you meet certain women in a few missions, and after completion, you get to do a side quest with these women. Basically, you're a playboy who’s trying to win over these women through the most... Jeebus, this game so clichéd that it’s an obvious joke. Win over their heart and mind, and please,do not get slapped, it’s a huge damper on Mondo's clichéd bad boy image.The storyline in itself begins from the very first episode, and often you find the connection until after completing a mission or two. So if you're feeling dumbfounded in the beginning, it’s alright, the answers will come to you in time.Before you complete the story, you'll find that you've unlocked'Episode 51', I'd ask you to refrain from doing this mission until you've finished the game, or are on your final episode. The reason behind it is simple, this episode gives away a little too much if you complete it in advance, but that's just a suggestion.The game also allows you to change the difficulty of the game at will. So you could start off on Hard, but switch to Easy without losing progress or having to start a new game all over.One thing I found troublesome about this game was that the controls were weird. It’s not difficult at all (I've played this game on my laptop on a touchpad) but it takes a little bit of time to get used to. However, the camera control can become a little annoying sometimes, and that’s the only problem I found with the game.Another thing I found odd, not particularly troublesome, was the women in this game. While your colleagues are... interesting (to say the least) the other women you come across in this game are just so bad. Let me be real, I saw their underwear. I saw the nicest underwear ever and I'm not sure I should be this pleased. Creators! Y U DO DIS? Personally, I DID NOT like or appreciate the way this game portrayed female characters, however this is probably because the game is heavily based on a lot of hilarious and untrue stereotypes.Overall, KID is an extremely exciting and fun Hack 'N Slash game which I highly recommend. Even if it’s not a genre you'd normally be interested in, I still suggest picking up this gem because it’s literally very fun. You will not regret it. However, I do suggest picking up this game while it’s on sale because personally, I found this to be on the short end.RATE: 8.5/10"
76561198093816576,Recommended,261110,27965222,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Indigoboy,"I came into this game having little to no knowledge whatsoever on how this game played, who made it, or even what it was story it was supposed to be telling. What I thought would be another random hack and slash bum rush of a game, turned into a drug fueled blender on a skateboard which somehow got its hands on megaman's mega buster. 10/10 would recommend more lsd."
,Recommended,261110,27817159,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cloud,"Bizarre and fascinating story, satisfying hack & slash, unique art style (absolutely stunning to me).Definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,261110,11170855,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Joerum,11/10 like Kill Bill on acid
,Recommended,261110,18756036,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,KONGOU,the story is interesting
,Recommended,261110,13234647,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,H. Harpoon,"Fantastic game.       Really scratches that 'holy-f$^k-what-is-happening' action, adventure hacky slashy sexist itch. Could be a bit much (...) for some but for me, tonight?    Fun on the bun.8/10 @ 5$"
76561198085395032,Not Recommended,261110,18534702,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,1000layerbeandip,"I tried to play this game and give it a fair shot, but I just can't do it. After half an hour, I couldn't take any more. The game doens't even try to make sense, it just throws some characters and dialogue around for a cut scene, and hopes you mistake that for a plot. The actual gameplay is generic hack and slash, with incredibly ugly visuals. Also capped at 30fps. I can not belive just how much I hated this game."
,Not Recommended,261110,18362001,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,AlexW00d,The only game I've ever requested a refund for based on quality.
76561198047008556,Recommended,261110,15022539,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,susluv,It's nice to have Suda things
,Recommended,261110,15237638,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Blargman,"Suda 51's latest/most recent game. I have mixed feelings about Killer is Dead. Judging from the games title when i saw trailers of it i thought it was going to be a sequel to Killer 7 but what we got was something completely different.The story is essentially cryptic like Killer 7 albeit, without the charm Killer 7 had. It's very hard to follow and alot of things feel thrown in with no explanation. So if your hoping to understand the story your going to be lost. The basic jist is you play as Mondo Zappa, a 35 year old American assassin who travels the globe executing other assassins.The gameplay of Killer is Dead focuses on a combination of things. It is hack n slash (much like MGR) but also uses a secondary shooting function via Mondo's cybernetic arm. You play the game from a third person point of view in both using a sword or using the gun portion of your cybernetic arm. The gameplay itself is actually really fluent and stylish. As for the graphics, it follows in its NMH and K7 predecessors, utilizing a cel shading style in unison with the Unreal Engine. Though i do enjoy the style alot, i would have liked to see another approach or an optimization upon the style Suda did with cel shading.I have mixed views on the music of the game. There are some tracks that standout (main menu music) while alot of the others are not really that memorable. It's kind of dissapointing given Akira Yamaoka composed for Killer is Dead, but im going to assume its not really his fault. Akira was most likely given specific directions on where to take the music. I will say the sound effects and voice acting are top notch though; the voice acting having some familiar english voice actors.If you enjoy hack n slash games like Metal Gear Rising Revengeance or any other in the general, you will like Killer is Dead. If your looking for an engaging story to follow your most likely not going to find it here as its very cryptic."
,Recommended,261110,12974724,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ReBoot,"At it's core, it's a spectacle fighter. That is, grab your gamepad and kill dudes. What makes it unique however is the WTF-esque presentation. I'm also quite surprised about how meaty the combat is. I mean, you're killing robots (or wires, as they're called in-game) and yet, the combat is excessively visceral. Ok, wires also bleed due to whatever reason."
76561197998305943,Recommended,261110,29460733,Posted: 24 January,all,kikea,"DMC, MGR, KID. Just a coincidence that it also can be written as a 3 letter acronym? Try again bud. The lukewarm reviews were all written by simpletons & philistines. KID is god-tier spectacle fighting.""B... b... but the p... p... plot was stupid!"" = I'm a dummy that can't appreciate a narrative structure that isn't rehashed marvel super hilarious snarky tony stark super hero origins super villain big battle at the end please stop marvel and also disney star wars stop too. To be fair KID's story wasn't explored deeply enough to really matter but i think reviews missed how well narrative was told in KID. Each episode is a mostly self-contained piece with a distinct aesthetic style, super high production values, twin peaks-tier post-modern character motivations and humour, Frank Miller visuals except way less one note. Like just visually MGR looks like a literal sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to KID despite coming out at the same time. And in terms of character, MGR was utterly ♥♥♥♥ing forgettable. KID gets that spectacle fighters are aesthetics and tone first.""The combat is pretty shallow"" true but 15 hours in playing on hard mode and the game still feels great. You have to be alert af to get through it it isn't just a button masher and although there isn't a huge amount of variety in your abilities there are enough monsters / combinations of monsters to make it super replayable.""It was offensive to women :'( :'( :'("" idc also the date mini games are OPTIONAL nerds"
,Recommended,261110,26050790,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Peeprz,"Like DmC?Like Metal Gear Rising?Killer is Dead is a perfect combination of what make those two games amazing. With sleek, DmC style combat and crazy over the Metal Gear Rising action, Killer is Dead is a must for anyone who enjoys Hack n' Slash games."
76561197990220919,Recommended,261110,10350509,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,"Killer is Dead is a game in which you took everything in your medicine cabinet and combined it with alcohol and downed it good.  A Crazy Game in which visuals are trippy and the gameplay is simple.       Take a MindBender with Killer is Dead.And for you Basement Jedi's you can play the Gigolo Missions where you get to Woo and then Bed Down the Ladies.  Stare at that Rack of Cleavage, just don't get caught.9/10  Too Many Sideboobs"
,Recommended,261110,11207565,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Butt Doctor,I'm unsure if I just played a game or I'm losing my mind.
76561197987527539,Not Recommended,261110,10242784,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Indrigis,"There are two things to be said about KID - it's schizophrenic and it's so artsy there's no room for a game in there.The battle system is terrible, the plot is nonexistent and the ""gigolo missions"" required to obtain new sub-weapons are an absolute disgrace born from the libido of a 14-year old."
,Recommended,261110,10257989,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SoulDestroy,"I want to get my personal dissapointment with Killer is Dead out of the way: I wanted this game to be great - as it stands, however, it's just good. It has rock solid gameplay mechanics and stunning visuals, but its story and length make it feel underdeveloped.As aformentioned, the actual slashing itself is pretty much flawless. The combat has weight to it, and every blow feels powerful and precise. For a character action game, there arn't many button combinations to remember: sword attacks are delegated to one button, and pertain to how long the button is held. Any combos that are present are optional and are used for very specific situations. Besides a sword, the protagonist has an arm cannon which can be used to shoot enemies from afar, and can be upgraded to perform other useful functions as well - the integration feels natural and adds another dimension to the combat.The visuals are Suda51's trademark cel-shaded style, perfected with a more technical look. Color palettes are very simple throughout each level. Shadows are sharp, drowning the backdrop in a thick, dimly-tinted glaze; Light sources are harsh and distorting, burning through the mostly-dark environments. A thick layer of bloom compliments the conflicting light and dark, creating an almost dreamlike appearence. Easily some of the most striking visuals ever seen in a video game.My main gripes with the game are it's story and overall length; however, I belive it is best to go blind for this kind of game, so I won't mention specific scenes. I'm not usually one to complain about game length, but Killer is Dead's story is much too ambitious for the paltry 7 hour length of the main campaign, although I'm not sure if more time would have helped it. Although I enjoy the ""as it happens"" storytelling technique that this game utilizes, the story itself becomes convoluted past the point of enjoyable and is full of dead ends. Themes pop up and are quickly discarded, while plot twists are introduced without much buildup and consequentially lose their impact. A story can use vagueness to bolster itself, but when so little is explained of even the most important concepts there's very little incentive to look deeper... if there is even supposed to be depth.I found myself wanting more out of the actual game as well. The touted ""Gigolo"" dating minigame is fun and a nice break from combat... why are there only four different dates to play? More side missions wouldn't have hurt either, although there are already a steady amount of activities to get perfect grades on. It feels as though something is missing from KiD to give it an extra hook.Don't be fooled by most ""professional"" reviews out there; this game is definitely worth your time. I'd even reccomend it to those who are not accomodated to character action games because of the simple control scheme. What's there is fun and kooky; what isn't feels like a giant hole where it should be. There's a reason why it's only 20 dollars.I'll see you on the dark side of the moon..."
,Not Recommended,261110,11091749,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Scampie!!,Literally everything that is wrong with video games. The definition of style over substance... and all of it's style is the graphics shader.
,Recommended,261110,11240065,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dafreakzo,"Killer is Dead is one of those titles that you need to play to believe.  Suda 51 does not disappoint with this classic, surrealistic - action title."
,Recommended,261110,33385069,Posted: 8 July,all,Ravenrous,"Great game with steep learning curve, but after getting used to the combat system and the enemy types- you just focus on getting a good combo (high combo=faster attack speed).the sub-weapons were barely used and when they were, it was for a secret location.Wouldn't pay full price, but in summer sale it was definitely worth it(didn't have any crashes or bugs)specs:GPU: MSI RX 480 8gbCPU: FX-8320 3.5ghz stockRAM: 4gb G-Skill Ripjaws x4MOBO: ASRock 970 Extreme3 R2.0"
76561197974131743,Not Recommended,261110,17974232,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Trippin,"Had sound problems after about 50 minutes. (Kept cutting out in the game, but worked fine in menus.)Didn't really enjoy the graphics as much as I thought I would. I didn't have any issues with them though.Camera control is awful, as is character control.Story is nonsense.And to be honest, there's better button bashers out there. (Metal Gear Revengeance springs to mind.)First game I have requested a refund for (mainly due to the sound problems)."
,Not Recommended,261110,17976911,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,WTFismyname™,"- Starts game.- Ooh, the menu looks pretty cool!- New game.- Really cool transition to the level- Lovin it so far!- CHAPTER 1- Allright, lets get into the game!- *camera pans to a newspaper* GIRL MISSI- *game crashes*- *restarts game, same thing happens*The game looked epic in the trailer and that's what I expected from it. Very decieving. 0/10"
,Recommended,261110,13304177,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,⌈※ΔRΞ∴⌋ DumbparameciuM,"Ignore all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ explotatitive stuff, and there is a guineinly awesome game here. Way more fun and a bunch more accessible than Metal Gear Rising: Revengence. Easily worth $20."
76561197987070734,Not Recommended,261110,11594181,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Grove of Dreams,"Everything that makes Anime pretentious and overrated.  Dunno who ""Suda51"" is, but if this is exemplary of his work... then his work is s hit."
,Recommended,261110,12657509,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,that's what she said,"Style over everything. It's Suda51. In the vein of Lollipop Chainsaw - wicked art and sound design covers it's shallow gameplay and vacant story of a cardboard cutouts with♥♥♥♥♥♥and asses (male asses too, don't worry). Pretty good music though.I kinda liked it (but I'd prefer Shadows of the Damned over any other Suda51 game).You know if you prefer gameplay over art (and proper PC ports) - you better buy something more gameplay-oriented."
,Recommended,261110,29234801,Posted: 13 January,all,Ghostlyy,"This was a fun ride.It's nonsensical Suda51 goodness. I finished it and I'm pretty sure about 90% of what the story was trying to say was entirely lost on me. Something about the moon?It's a character action game, much like Bayonetta in a lot of ways, and nothing like Bayonetta in many others.As far as any combat system goes, it's not even nearly as deep as Bayo or DMC, in that it has one normal attack button, one guard break button that doesn't find itself part of many combos, a dodge/guard button and then a subweapon you can use. The subweapons are fairly boring, in that you have a gun that slows, a gun that stuns, a gun that just shoots and a drill that breaks armor. Really, combat comes down to mashing your attack button, guarding/dodging at the right time (and as per usual, you get a big bonus for timing guards/dodges perfectly), and shooting things that need shot.In terms of polish, it looks good, it plays really nicely (even if not all that deep) and it sounds good. English VA is mostly about as good as you can expect from a title like this. That is, intentionally cheesy but not really *bad*.The most interesting part of this game is probably the Gigolo missions, in which you hang out with a lovely lady and, while she isn't looking, look at her, uh, nicest areas, until you build up the 'Guts' to give her a present. Give her enough presents that she likes, and you have successfully completed the mission, and you get a nice cutscene. Then you get an item, be that one of the subweapons or a temporary boost item.A very fun but relatively small game. If you like fast, skill-based combat and like to replay missions for ranks or on higher difficulties, this game will have a lot for you. If you like playing through cheesy, funny and outright weird Japanese games, this game will have a lot for you too.I'd recommend it for a few days of fun."
76561197985704187,Recommended,261110,12651601,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,RUNS LIKE GREASED BUTTER.SMOOTH LIKE A FLAT PEBBLE.COOL LIKE JAMES FRANCO ON ICE.
,Recommended,261110,31146315,Posted: 14 April,all,AleutianZ,"Awesome LSD acid trip of a story with very engaging fighting system. The cutscenes were well done for cell shaded graphics. Controls are difficult to master but once you do you can have alot of fun with the combos. Alot of replay value in this game if your the type of person who loves chasing a high score. I would recommend purchasing this game, though in full disclosure I picked it up on a sale for $2. Game ran well on my pc with no issues though I do recomend changing the setting before recording any gameplay.Cons: Rather short main story and game is not very upfront about upgrades."
,Recommended,261110,31200402,Posted: 17 April,all,DREADward The Hazardous,"A guy who has the same haircut as my 8 year old self goes around, kills people and has an inexcusably irritating kooky girl as his sidekick.Oh, and he goes on dates, that's probably important."
76561198328831693,Recommended,261110,35404253,Posted: 1 October,all,Littletalks,A game includes both samurai sword ANDt i t swhat else you expecting?
,Not Recommended,261110,12601074,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Megaten with Permadeath,"I wanted to like the game. Hell, I wanted to PLAY the game. But I cant, because the game doesn't let me. There is a glitch that causes endless loading at certain parts of certain chapters. It will ALWAYS happen, and the only workaround is to download a save file and skip like half the damn game. The developers don't give a rats♥♥♥♥♥either. If you want to roll the dice on the game, go ahead. As for me, I don't think I need Suda games badly enough to give them more money for a PC port."
,Not Recommended,261110,16952861,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,PatsDark,"If a loaf of bread had an adventure with a hairdryer, the outcome would be, undeniably, a cactus. A trully potent one mind you, who would roam the world on the back of a giant chicken. The pair would be given respect on account of their demonic powers, but fret not, they are indeed working in a fast food.Made sense? Neither does this game.EDIT: After an initial thumbs up, i revisit it with a thumbs down. Moments of extreme boredom in such a short game abounds. Your money will be well spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,261110,29168971,Posted: 10 January,all,Wolham,"Whoever designed the menu navigation should commit seppuku. You don't have a cursor in the menus yet you have to click LMB to accept; you navigate the menus using the arrow keys; you go back by pressing space; escape is only used for skipping cutscenes, enter is literally only used to get past the title screen in the main menu, and WASD keys don't work in the in game pause menu; end result is that you use your right hand only to click LMB whereas your left hand has to constantly move between cursor keys and space bar.Furthermore, as soon as I've battled my way through the menus and fixed my resolution etcetera, as soon as I got in game I noticed there's enormous levels of mouse accelleration/input lag. When I move my mouse, it'd take half a second for the camera to reach full speed, and it'd keep moving for half a second after I stopped moving my mouse.Basically, it feels like a really bad console port. Maybe it's more playable with a controller, but bloody hell even Dark Souls had better keyboard-mouse controls than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198133769938,Not Recommended,261110,17952881,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Snake Plissken,"I liked the game so much, got a refund10/10 for button mashing nothingnessAt least this game is better than the sh!t called Carmegeddon Reincrapnation"
76561198007301352,Not Recommended,261110,15102832,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aghnar,"I'll start off by saying I really don't understand what this game is about. It comes across as a jumbled mess of random ideas and cliches that never bothers to lay down any ground rules on the setting. Immersion was constantly ruined for me because of this and I could not therefore care about the plot and characters.For example, I've only played about two hours and I've seen talking unicorns, vampires, morphing robot arms, ghosts, moon travel, horribly annoying energetic ditzy female sidekick, Alice in Wonderland houses, a nurse who rides a floating giant syringe, cringeworthy dialogue, and fourth wall breaking comments. Feels like the game was created by a bunch of middle schoolers and nobody thought to proofread their fan fiction. Just a hot mess of nonsense.I do dig the art style, it is trippy and that matches the game's sense of style. Additionally, the music is very good with levels having appropriate themes attached to them. I played with a gamepad and found the controls responsive and pretty easy to follow. However, I suspect that as more abilities are unlocked the controls would get too complex for somebody who is not an action gamer (like me).My not liking the game could be partially due to Killer is Dead being made for a primarily Japanese audience. Some of the things I find weird and distasteful could be due to cultural differences. Some people might find all the weirdness refreshing and revel in the exotica. Maybe I tried too hard to understand a game that defies being understood and hence my disconnect.That being said, I cannot recommend the game. It has definite strengths but its shortcomings are too glaring for me to ignore. All a matter of taste but the spices here don't mix together into a pleasing melange."
,Not Recommended,261110,24726577,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kiffert,"If this game came out 2003 on the PS2 I might've held it in a higher regard. But between the nonsensical whimsy, buttonmash-y gameplay, and sluggish pacing that pulls you out of the action with every step, I can't recommend this game on any level. And something must've been lost in the translation from japanese because the dialogue can be so incoherently broken you begin to wonder if the beginning and end of certain sentences are written by the same person.At least the art-style can some times be pretty interesting.With a slightly bigger budget and a few more months in the planning stage, this game couldv'e been an even more over-the-top and ridiculous Devil May Cry. As it is, I don't know what you would have to do to enjoy it."
76561198020365632,Recommended,261110,10247842,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,dougtulane,"I reccomend this game with the caveat that you should perhaps wait until some bugs are worked out. Numerous people (myself included) are having troubles with hard freezes in-game, that will hopefully be worked out.I'm partial to Suda's bizarre storytelling, mixing mythology, low-brow humor, and a command of pathos to produce an interesting melange that ultimately is strong. Sometimes I wish he'd can some of the T&A and low-brow humor, but I'm actually not so sure if the emotion would hit as hard if it wasn't contrasted with the genuinely silly. And for what it's worth, I've laughed in surprise a couple times.What we have here is a pretty good spectacle fighter. Not as good as anything from Platinum, or Devil May Cry, but quite good nonetheless. I wouldn't recommend it at $60, but at $20 I certainly can.The graphics are really great, with a strong pallet and fantastic use of shadow. I could use a little bit less bloom, but it's a strong game visually if you can get past lower-poly models than we're used to in AAA titles. The sound design is fantastic, and varied, matching the atmosphere well.Take the unique graphics, story, and great sound and match it with a decent brawler and you have a game worth $20. But that's if Grasshopper can patch this up to snuff. Everything runs smooth as butter, but those hard freezes are pretty rough."
76561198035820538,Not Recommended,261110,13562065,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Milionchihuahaz,"Only half an hour into the game and yes, the bug is still here apparently. I'm hoping that enough people will post a review to warn people about this issue. Do not buy this game unless you know that your build works with it. I read maybe two reviews and said,""Oh yeah, this looks amazing!"" bought it while on sale (thank god) and ran into the endless loading/saving bug. Apparently this has been around since they released the game? And there is still no word on what's happening or if there is any sort of fix in the works. This game looked amazing to me, and being a fan of the Dead Island franchise, I thought ""How could I go wrong with the great reviews I've read?"" PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do not buy this game until after extremely careful consultation. This was a huge disappointment for me, and even left a terrible taste in my mouth for Deep Silver, which I never thought would happen with all of the hours I had playing Dead Island on console.0/10 until this extremely prominent bug is fixed.I will edit this post if the situation changes."
,Not Recommended,261110,13679287,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gailygirl,"Was excited when I found this game since it looked like something that I would enjoy. Sadly, it's not playable for me at all. Sounds are bugged and I only hear static during cutscenes and gameplay. Tried all the fixes that I can find, but none of them seems to work :("
,Recommended,261110,10548434,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tabula Rasa,"A stylish, over-the-top character action game that's equal parts fun to play and completely freaking mental. It's worth a buy... if you can get the port to work correctly that is.Killer is Dead - Nightmare Edition, is a straight, balls-to-the-wall port that includes the added difficulty of Nightmare mode, Steam Leaderboards and the Smooth Operator DLC pack. Very little has been changed over all, and the game controls decently with the mouse and keyboard, but a controller is a sound investment if you have one.The game is made by developer SUDA51, the only survivor of a series of 51 clones who were put in a room together and told that the last man alive could be a video game developer, so you should expect around that level of sanity going in. The story doesn't explain itself at all, and operates under a weird alternate universe logic where the laws of the universe are very different. Expect to be lost and either have to do research outside of the game or in the game's Theater Mode, unlocked after beating the game once.You play as Mondo Zappa, stylish contract killer-for-hire and a new member of Bryan's execution office, an independent, albeit federally managed assassination service. Your job is simple; kill monsters, in whatever horrific shape they may appear, from self-proclaimed gods who wear nothing but gold chains, to an ex-Yakuza member who has been spiritually fused with a murderous tiger, to powerful vampires; there are so many colorful characters that it's hard to name them all, but they all feel special and they're all memorable.The gameplay is third person character action, with focus on timing and precision as opposed to brutal and fast combos or moving about the arena very quickly. It's simple but cathartic and satisfying to pull off well, and pulling off a hard fight awesomely is an experience you'll relish. The level design itself, however, leaves a lot to be desired. While there's a great variety of locations, the campaign is rather short, and the arenas feel boring and lifeless, designed to be arenas for combat and little else. And due to how often the game reuses them, you'll become rather familiar with them as well.It must be mentioned; the port doesn't always work correctly. It worked perfectly fine for me, but I ran it locked at 30fps on a 64-bit OS, and I've heard that 32-bit OS's don't work at all, and running the game at higher than 30 fps causes serious bugs. I noticed framerate drops at specific parts in the game often led to me taking a few hits, but only occasionally, and it didn't bother me enough that I would want to stop playing.It's not a perfect game, but style oozes out of every pore of Killer is Dead, and it's worth picking up for the total uniqueness of the experience alone. The Nightmare Edition includes a few extra features, but it's not a whole lot in comparison to the console version you can get for almost the same price and with less issues. Pick the PC version up if the game goes on sale, if you need a mouse and keyboard or you just don't have access to a console."
,Not Recommended,261110,12883906,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,xMongolian,"The art style was cool, the combat had some redeeming qualities but the button mashing and the soso reviving system really turned me off of the game. Its fun to an extent but I was done after an hour or so. The story (or at least what i got) was pretty weak. If you love DMC but with a MUCH more restricted combat system then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,261110,30781893,Posted: 27 March,all,Questy,"Kind of tedious gameplay, and the controls feel awkward. Camera is a bit too shaky for my tastes.Hack N' Slash gameplay was really fun, until I realized that the game doesn't have much flow in the gameplay, hence the tedium.Would wait for a sale, but otherwise, I'd pass."
,Not Recommended,261110,15134699,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Matt,"This is going to be a long, winded, rant/review so bare with me.  :)For the record I want to tell everyone who reads this my backstory/history with this genre and Suda51.  I have played most of his games, well specifically his mainstream ones.  I am fan of the genre; the hack and slash / Devil May Cry'esque games.  It is my firm belief that not only is this the worst Suda51 games I've ever played, it is also the worst hack and slash game I have ever played as well.Lets get the positives out of the way.  At times, the game can look and sound downright gorgeous.  I honestly love the cell shaded graphics and the style.  The combat, for what is it worth - more on this in a moment - is very competent and easy to use and, I guess, master.I cant think of anything else.There is a very long laundry list of bad, a lot which has been mentioned by many a reviewer.  I will just run them down for you in no particular order:-  Game is extreamly simple, basic.  There are no combos, no moves, no tactics, really no reason to use your alternate weapons - maybe on higher difulculties.  The drill is the only thing I would argue as it would destroy enemies shields but thats it.-  The mission menu is extreamly complicated and is needlessly obtuse.  You have to tab through pages and pages just to find the exact mission you want play.-  The upgrade sytem is highly exploitable and afterawhile you will have unlocked everything you need to survive.-  The friendly NPCs are as bland as you can think of, no depth, no backstory.  I was literally expecting a twist, or a hidden/deeper message when I got to the end but I found none.-  Short.  Which is probably a good thing as I wasnt enjoying myself.-  Most of the games lore and content you need to extrapolate yourself or its left up to mystery.-  The story is probably one of the worst stories I have ever experienced in my list.  This is probably the nail in the coffin for me as I am from a RPG mentality, story is king.To put it into perspective without really any spoilers.  You go through 12 missions, all are completed on normal at least in under an hour.  Most are done within 15-20 minutes, some as short as 5.  Mission to mission killing endless robot like enemies (the game calls them Wires) where at the end you fight the area boss.  The boss is independent to that level and has no story outside of that area.  Rinse and repeat about 7-9 times.  The remainder times are your actual core story of the game and let me tell you it's awful.  You dont know who the main villian is or even his motivations are until the 2nd last to very last mission.  There are no collectables to acquire to provide backstory, all you rely on are the esoteric cutscenes.  At the end of the game, really nothing is accomplished even.A lot of people harp about the Gigolo missions.  In them you need to stare at a girl that you dont learn anything about or see outside of this context.  If you look at her T or A when shes not looking you gain some form of points for some reason.  Earn enough and you can give a present.  Raise the present point up and she will have intercourse with you or something.  The point is these missions are needed to unlock the side weapons, you only need to do one mission per girl to ge the weapon.The missions really dont bother me, I only did them once though.  However I do agree that they add nothing to the game and are a waste of time.So again, I dont recommend this game at all.  I have personally played, beaten and in love with Lolipop Chainsaw.  This is crap in comparison.  I have played his Shadows of the Damned, another incredible game.  I thorougly enjoyed No More Heroes, I played it to death on my PS3 when it was ported over with the PS Move.  Finally I grew up playing Killer7, as crazy and nonsense as that game is Killer7 has a story and has a point, has meaning at the end.Killer is Dead has no redeemable value, has one of the worst stories I have ever witness.  It felt like something what going to happen, something to make it all make sense or worth while.  In the end it is just eye candy, and even at times it looks like a turd with the cellshaded graphics working against it.  Theres a scene in the game when the main character is travelling by motocycle but the ground looks distored and purple, another where he enters one of the games very first rooms and the cell shaded graphics go haywire and make it look awful.I finished the game on normal, I have little to no desire to replay it on a higher difulculty or do the countless challenge/sub missions.  I know a lot of people like it - i think most are liking it because its a Japanese game that want to see more of.  Heed my warning:THERE ARE BETTER GAMES OUT THERE!Even in the same genre.  In fact, I fully reccomend Ninja Blade over this drivel.I give this game a 2 out of 5.  Would not play again for a very long time...Again,GO PLAY NINJA BLADE INSTEAD"
76561198113014119,Recommended,261110,23481263,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Killer is Dead - Nightmare Editionfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
76561198060760163,Not Recommended,261110,13055954,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kyina-lok,"I want my money back, don't get me wrong, the game looks amazing and sounds great, but it crashes, a lot, it is full of gamebreaking bugs and after far too long there have been no patches and no useful fixes.Seriously I feel so ripped off for a game I wanted to fall in love with so much."
,Recommended,261110,10859434,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lymanity,"Killer is Dead is an action game that features excellent cell shading. It's weird, but that's not to its detriment.The gameplay in K.I.D. is pretty much dodge, counter, slice and dice to victory. It's kind of an easy game, but that shouldn't deter you from experiencing it. You may have to be a bit twitchy to pull off the counters, so it's not completely devoid of skill.The real draw of this game is the art. It has colors, which is novel in a world full of game devs that can only concieve of palletes made purely of fecal matter. There are a few hints at other games, which the dev made obvious but you'd have to play them to know what they are.The story is good, but when it comes to weird media it falls short. I'm drawing my line at FLCL which made me have the feels by the end because I realized that even though the characters didn't really know each other they really felt genuine feelings for each other. This game had some unique and awesome characters, but I didn't really feel for them as much by the end. This could hav been remedied by making the game a little longer. I felt as though I almost knew the characters.If I did have to compare it to an anime (and this game definitely has that sort of feel) I would say it's sort of like Cowboy Bebop on acid.All in all you should probably play this game before you die. The sooner the better."
,Not Recommended,261110,18561888,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,White_Noise,"Quite possibly the worst game I have played on steam.Aside from the numerous bugs, TERRIBLE graphics, and it being an overall ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port (no surprise there, eh?) - it simply will not start for me anymore after getting to ONLY THE THIRD MISSION IN THE GAME...That's right. Three missions in and the game gives me an error that nobody who owns this game apparently knows how to fix.$5 down the drain. You win again, botched PC ports!"
,Not Recommended,261110,13285159,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,mokko troz,doesn't work.
,Not Recommended,261110,12648434,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,medi,Unplayable console port. Crashes 8 seconds after launching every time. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,261110,13084033,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,NoseStream,I cannot recommend this game unless you are really into this kind of stuff. I gave it a shot but honestly couldn't get over how terrible the characters are. Not to mention the story is just beyond anything I've ever seen.If you are into anime with annoying female side kicks then this game is for you.
,Recommended,261110,34340017,Posted: 18 August,all,dogmasterbark,cool♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,261110,10225898,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Magenta,"Unlock the FPS to 60 for normal missions, And lock it to 30 for the Side quests for sub weapons.Use a controller due to no key rebindings.After you do that You'll have a HELL of a time with this."
76561198017765494,Recommended,261110,10398208,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Granndal,"This game is just awesome by being pure Suda51 , just remember to change to 60 fps... but, when you get to Mondo Girl 3, change back to 31."
76561198104440381,Not Recommended,261110,26064030,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheRoninRiceGod,Frame rate is complete garbageMy can run dark souls 3but can't run this game didn't even make it to episode 3because all of the frame rate drops
,Recommended,261110,16086689,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"One of the coolest games I've ever played. Also one of the craziest. The enemies, characters, and environments are crazy. Everything about it is good and I haven't really found any negatives yet. After unlocking it to run at 60 fps it looks superb and plays perfectly. Great controls and super hot big breasted women make this game highly enjoyable. All games should have big knockered women in them. It is designed for a controller so I use a wired xbox 360 controller and the game plays flawlessly. One of my all-time favorite games. The sounds are great, the music is awesome, and the graphics are pretty good. The art design is some of the best I've ever seen. Combat flows smoothly with easy to perform dodges and moves and in some levels provides a good challenge. The side missions where you are on a date with a chick and have to give her the right gifts and not let her catch you staring at her crotch or knockers is pretty unique gameplay and pretty hilarious. The other side missions are all fun too. Overall it is one of the best looking games I've ever seen in terms of effects and art design. I did not make a very long review because I feel like if you are reading this you should just buy the game and let it speak for itself because it is such a cool game that I can't imagine any action game fan not liking it. I didn't give it a 10/10 only because the chicks aren't naked.9/10 badass"
,Recommended,261110,31159780,Posted: 15 April,all,SpudButter,"The art style is super creative, didn't expect to play it all the way through."
,Not Recommended,261110,18063207,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Fisho,"Oh I so regret this purchase. What the hell is even this game?1. I have never seen combat so chaotic and non descriptive yet.2. story is what? There is a clear difference between being artistic and just chaotic mess. this is the latter.3. who designed the menu,ui,constant loading, holy damn that's terribly designed gameNope, should have put more research before buying."
,Recommended,261110,10212109,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Big Hoss,this game's really good i like it a lot but i feel like it's short. it doesn't really matter though for 20 dollars i'd buy it again if i could get the same fun out of it
,Recommended,261110,13286888,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Fake Baby,best dating sim ive ever played 10/10 well played Sudo
,Not Recommended,261110,14294816,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mechanical Bunny,I have a celeron 2.7 dual core. Which I had at time of purchase when the Min Req Stated a Dual Core Processor.  Instead of fixing the game they change the min. requirements to quad core.  I guess there idea is dont fix a game for dual core just force everyone to buy a quad core.  I think such a drastic change in requirements in reponse to a known issue is crimminal. Refunds should have been offered to people. I don't know much about this renowned designer SUDA51.  I would think an artist would care for the quality.
76561198003518430,Not Recommended,261110,17957914,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Baine,"This game is terrible.I know it  is on sale for 3.99 now, but that is 4 dollars too much.Truly an awful game"
76561198197119743,Not Recommended,261110,19517546,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mrpwntastic,"The games broken, yes I mean broken as in unplayable. It might just be me, but thanks to steams refund system I have a useless and unplayable game sitting in my library.For more info about the bug go to:https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/26gd6v/killer_is_dead_nightmare_edition_released_in/(yeah I know, reddit)"
76561198072182182,Recommended,261110,11091221,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"KID is a neon-splashed hellride through a chaotically weird world in which biocybernetics, vampires and supernaturally endowed lunar royalty coexist as a matter of course.  In addition to the glorious insanity of the main levels, you can play these really cool ""Gigolo Missions"" in which your red-eyed swordsman gets to bed any of three sexy ladies if you can successfully ogle their naughty bits without being caughtandbestow the gifts they desire.The gameplay is mostly tried-but-true 3rd person slash 'em up, but it is a quite polished variation and there are a few unique twists -- altogether like high quality vanilla with exotic sprinkles.  The story is gonzo, but it hangs together well enough for my taste.  The finale is way open-ended, and according to one interview with Suda51, there might be a sequel (the game did a lot better in its native Japan than here, so hopefully that counts for something).My only gripe is with the porting.  The Steam version is locked at 30 FPS, but can be jacked up to 120 with a little .ini finagling.  Also, some people have experienced some crashes, and a few can't get it to run at all.  Now I didn't have any crashes, but I found having to manually adjust the framerate to be somewhat annoying . . . I mean, I should just be playing the damn game, not fussing around with config files!  I would say it is worth the trouble though."
,Not Recommended,261110,13620955,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DB,Quest chain glitch makes the game unplayable. Did a little research and found out this game has a lot of major bugs. Avoid at all costs.
,Recommended,261110,30515804,Posted: 14 March,all,Big Smoke,worth for 10$...fan service 20/10 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,261110,30406578,Posted: 9 March,all,Yashiro Isana,Have you ever felt like a God? Maybe you wanted to be blade well ya know what blade is garbage compared to this man this myth this legend Mondo strikes the fear of darkness into the dirt he walks he's a demon of beauty a hidden darkness a eliminator of darkness he is the myth the man the legend MONDO
,Recommended,261110,13985884,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mbvia,this game ♥♥♥♥in rules
,Not Recommended,261110,18755808,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,gibgun,It's crap. No really.
76561198032412125,Not Recommended,261110,17953218,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mudge Tzu,"There is a lot about the game that I want to like. The aesthetic, the hack and slash, the music, the goofy stuff that you would only find in a Japanese game, and much more.The problem I am having with it though is in about every step of the way in this game I am coming across road blocks. It is cool that the internet exists and you can get step by step guides on fixing things but it isn't my job to make a game functional. I paid for a product that functions smoothly. Which this doesn't.First step of the way is that all of the controls for my controller are reversed. Then as you play the game instead of it understanding that you are using a controller it commands you to use key board keys which gets confusing because it wants to function at a fast pace but when the game tells you to left click and there are two different buttons on your controller that function as a left click you find yourself jumping from button to button trying to figure out which one works. Sometimes the buttons you know that the game prompts you to use as a specific button won't work as that button and it just chooses which one is the right one.Then I kind of figure out the mechanics work out in the third chapter. *SPOILERS* When the boss battle comes up the sound cuts out! Then from then on the sound is cutting in and out randomly through out the game.I want to like the game but it just seems wrong to sell a product to the consumer that requires a great deal of fixings. If there was a one and done patch for it then I might not be that upset but just three chapters in the game I don't really want to play the game because I just believe I will keep bumping into these road blocks as I go through which will make me exit out, look up the problem, and then fix it step by step. So far I have put more time into fixing the game then actually playing it. This is because I relaly want to play it but I am not a computer guy, this sort of stuff makes me want to buy a console because you don't have to deal with this sort of stuff mostly."
,Not Recommended,261110,15158936,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Kaden,So many things wrong wasted 5 bucks
76561198262233191,Recommended,261110,34357388,Posted: 19 August,all,CHITOWN,GREAT GAME AND FUN TOO.
,Recommended,261110,34133566,Posted: 9 August,all,thedaxxman,This is perfection of any current media.
,Not Recommended,261110,18050759,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,buns ghost👻,Killer is Crash
76561198049267619,Recommended,261110,10223555,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ryan.kapap,audio bugged out during the third boss scene nuff said
,Recommended,261110,11550984,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Officer Bananas,"Neat game. Combat feels more Sleeping Dogs than Devil May Cry, but everything looks really neat and I like Sleeping Dogs' combat. There are some minor issues with this game like the fact that it's capped at 30 fps by default and how the gigilo missions are stranger than they are sexy, but most of the games issues can easily be fixed or avoided.The game took me about seven hours to beat on normal difficulty, and there are a few extra challenge missions and an extra (formerly DLC) story mission to help give the game some more length.Overall I'd hesitantly reccomend this game to all Suda51 fans and fans of character-action games."
,Recommended,261110,11597211,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Kellera,"Boobs... Boobs... Boobs.. Everywhere! X-ray glasses... T♥♥♥♥♥♥...♥♥♥♥♥♥! OH SWEET BABY JESUS; SHE'S WEARING A RED BRA AND RED PANTIES! OH YES..! Sexual nurse (with big ol bitties) please, please take all of my blood.. Just take it... TAKE IT ALL GOD DAMN IT! OBSERVE ME IN THAT OBSERVATION ROOM! A-AH MAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Oh look.. I chop off Alice's legs! BEST GAME EVER 10/10!(Best game ever mainly because is so sexual... Oh yes... This is a game every pervert wants... Y-Yes.... Yes...!)Missions to stare at boobs!MAMA NO I WASN'T WATCHING HENTAI!"
,Recommended,261110,10991312,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RoX,"Final ReviewThe good, the bad and the uglyGoodThe hack n' slash game play of KiD is hands down some of the finest action I've ever play. Though KiD at times seems to dangle this action in front of you like a rider dangling a carrot in of a horse. To state this unmetaphoracally, you have to go through some BS to get to the good stuff. I played the side mission for all of 30 seconds finding this part of the game hard to hold my attention though I did get a good 8h 35mins out of completing the game on normal, and with there being some replayability.I found the art, sounds, and story to be very similar to a mix of Cowboy Beebop, Trigun, and Champloo but also had a lot of its own flavor.The sound track to this is absolutely phenominal.BadThe action is so good that the extras seem like BS.UglyThough there were little quirks about the game that bothered me, it was easy to look past the ugly because the gameplay was great. Color scheme kind of bugged because the black coloring would always feel off but was easily looked passed. Story line was all over the place, though did have its good and humorous moments.All in all I'd rate this game:85/1008 1/2 hours played12 missions & normal game mode completed.+-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-+',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',','|{H}|[ <> ]+-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+Third Play2 more down = 6 total complete3hr+ playedEverything about this game still holds my attention solidly. Sounds just get better, the graphics conttinue to wow, though it still feels like the contrast or gamma is off when playing on my big screen even while I know its the art. The action is epic and at times can feel like you have to go through BS to get to it. Or maybe it's that the action is so epic that everything else feels like BS. We'll see on the fourth play.All in all, this game still wows me!+-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-+',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',','|{H}|[ <> ]+-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+Second play2 more missions = 4 total complete2hrs+ played._______________________________________I'm continuously amazed by the graphics, and the score is beautifully done. Oddly enough you have this bizzare story that gets soo weird at times, well most of the time, and it keeps you guessing whether or not to take the game serious. Here you have the main charater, the cliche 007 type, who womanizes artfully hot women and destroys demons in 1080p ""bad-assery"", then you get unicorms and wtf is going on? ...uh...Though I do get a mild chuckle from a story that is beyond odd and I'm not sure how I feel about it so early in the game.Art direction earns an exceptional notation as it is brilliantly done.Graphics continue to surprise.Voice overs are well doneMusic is great, original contemporary Bee-Bop-ish acid jazz and really fits the theme.Controls are great. I thought I'd hate them at first because they couldn't be adjusted (except for invert X & Y) but they were quick and easy to get used to.Overall Loving this game. I'll be coming back to this game for a long while!Highly recommended at this point!+-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-+',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',',','|{H}|[ <> ]+-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+First impression review2 missions complete (game really starts on 3rd)40mins played._______________________Hack n' Slash at it's finest.Graphics = OMG!Sound and music = Great!Its like playing a comic book! Loving it so far!_______________________________________"
,Not Recommended,261110,11827055,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Zecora Sharpshire,"Bought this not long after release as of now had encountered the same ""phone call"" glitch at 2 different times first at chapter 3 making it impossible to do anything without downloading a save file online from after that point and the second one right after word in chapter 4. Reading up on the issue Ive found out that the bug is related to dual core computers. 3 Months later there still isnt any kind of fix or warning."
,Recommended,261110,11293700,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sakuya,"You play as a gigolo assassin with an arm cannon who at some point gets hired by Colonel Sanders to fight a movie monster giant.12/10Game of the DecadeAs for an actual review:Cons:- The art style, though unique, caused me motion sickness and headaches, which I have never experienced from a game.- Episode 3 has a very unique and interesting design, but the rest of the game never lives up to that, causing the state to only set you up for disappointment.- What little story exists is very short and confusing.- Shorter than I had hoped.Neutral:(things that I wish to note that is more a warning than an actual con)- The game has absolutely no respect for women. There are side missions that include staring at a woman's chest while she's looking away, and giving her gifts until you have sex and she gives you a reward. These quests are moderately necessary, as it's how you obtain the other modes for the arm cannon.- Some episodes of the story are mostly self contained, and detached from the rest of the game.- Forth wall breaking- No, David! Put some clothes on!Pros:- If you enjoy immature and silly humor, this game will very likely make you laugh a lot.- The combat system, though seemingly simple, feels extremely rewarding once you learn to use it well.- TALKING UNICORN- $20 price tag- Though shorter than I had hoped, the game was enjoyable enough to leave me wanting more.Ultimately, I would highly recommend this game, even if only on the combat system. It was one of the most fun systems I've used, allowing you to feel immensely powerful when you manage to get in the rythm. For $20, I feel it's definitely worth getting, just to slice and dice some monsters."
76561198216731693,Recommended,261110,26070755,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SuperSpicyOrangeCat,10/10 i recommend this game when u high
,Not Recommended,261110,14331744,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[DK]Eliasr,The developers used so much work to make such a flat joke. Don't get this game for the storry.
76561198264268158,Recommended,261110,28309867,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Laobi,https://youtu.be/bUU7ZNSQ-n4
76561198080658639,Recommended,261110,21002467,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Luna Fox,NOT BAD
,Not Recommended,261110,11155977,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MrWizrd,This game is broken. Do not buy it.
76561198021839074,Not Recommended,261110,11109682,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Vohl,Le jeu en tant que tel me plait mais un bug audio et autres bug qui brisent  le jeu et n ont jamais été fixé me font regrettercet achat qui aurait du m' intéresser...
,Recommended,261110,17951824,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Konkeror101,"Suda51 on your PC, nuff said."
76561198132953486,Recommended,261110,18085526,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Spectroviper,"A really cool RPG/Hack n Slash style, extremally good gameplay and storyline,a really good mixture between visual novel and action game 10/10Hoping for more games like this beeing reseased"
,Recommended,261110,16377194,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MaoTsenDewng,"You're a cyborg ninja who fights nightmarish demons and along the way learn how to love by gaining the confidence to give your gal a peice of 10,000 dollar gum by looking at her underwear with x-ray aviators. 10/10"
76561197974358506,Recommended,261110,29278648,Posted: 15 January,all,Shapapy,I came for the hot ladies.I stayed for the hot action.10/10 - Would come again.
76561198007815223,Recommended,261110,14173401,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Volk,"If you loved playing PS2 hack & slashers like Shinobi, Nightshade, Gun Grave and Chaos Legion, then Killer is Dead is right up your alley."
,Recommended,261110,15060914,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kanoe Yuuko| 庚 夕子,"A Suda51's game , that all I carebut this game didn't support my screen resolution.awww what a shame"
,Recommended,261110,24750401,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,EctoJyunk,If you want something akin to Jojo's Bizarre Adventure in game format. This is it.
76561197971446226,Not Recommended,261110,18600255,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,NastyNine99,"nice graphics engine, not bad graphics; nice effects; nice touches, like the working piano stairwaysome moments when I think the game is going to be really goodcringe-worthy assistant; start with like no moves and then they introduce all of them at the same time and then you have to fight a hard boss using them. AI of the enemies was so bad that I was never hit.so I turned up the difficulty a notch. The Alice boss was major pain. It would just walk around the ceiling and never come down and I couldn't do much. And I had to kill it repeatedly. So this boss battle took like 30 minutes and I was basically just walking around so it couldn't shoot me.This made me dislike the game."
76561198051887857,Not Recommended,261110,18538308,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ZA WARUDO,Dont buy it has a game breaking glitches dont do it ITS A TRAP!!!
76561198055465598,Recommended,261110,10315302,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Vodka,"Ahahahaha!  There's something to be said for Suda51's style, the over the top trio of blood, gore and♥♥♥♥♥♥that makes me so happy to be playing it.  It may be Suda's weakest title, no epic luchalibres headbutt bullets in this one, but I will never concede that this is a bad game.  It's fun, its gratuitous and it's a damn good ride, even if it's just for a laugh."
,Recommended,261110,11109262,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mumeiro,"Allow me to start off with a simple warning: this game is a SUDA51 game. Generally speaking, SUDA51 games are either loved or hated. I happen to be a fan, though I know most aren't. SUDA51 games have an almost cult following, despite some very scathing reviews.The player takes on the role of Mondo, an executioner for a shady company that basically completes contract kills. The story slowly and confusingly unravels as a secondary goal of the game. Mondo himself attempts to break the 4th wall stating plainly that this is a game, even making a choice solely to keep the fans happy. The story itself is admittedly not very present, essentially all you need to know is whom to kill and which way to go. Upon completing the game you unlock some information about the game's characters and themes which help to flesh out what SUDA was going for. The story takes place during missions and tends to be the epitome of mind-trip, at once being an Alice in Wonderland-esque house, with a villian asking to die, then jumping to an aged samurai blessed with a Tiger guardian. Trips to the moon are frequent, and dark matter plays role in the enemies and character development. Dream levels and sequences are a way to hint at what is the driving force between Mondo and the main villian, hinting towards past events locked away by traumatic experiences.Gameplay is the main focus of the game, being an action, hack and slash with scores and points being the main focus. The character unlocks better skills and abilities via points and items dropped by WIRES the main enemy. Reminiscent of Bayonetta and Devil May Cry (though admittedly not to the degree of those games) the fighting can be quick, leave you feeling powerful, and can quickly turn against your favor. The greatest fault with the gameplay ultimately comes in the form of the camera, which can be difficult to get right, as you'll find yourself zoomed into a corner focusing on one enemy while the others try and swarm. Ultimately this isn't a great issue as one can adjust to the shifting focus easily, and the problem seems to disappear when focusing with the sub-weapon, an arm-cannon that runs off of the blood of Mondo's enemies.There are sidemissions from challenges given out by Scarlett, a seductress that provides and feeds off of blood, and missions dealing with specific items for the office (a hub for stats, upgrades, gift shop, etc). The oddity and a staple in SUDA games comes in the ""gigilo"" missions in which Mondo tries to get with one of four girls. The mission takes on the appearance of a date with said girl. There is a meter in the shape of Mondo's head that is filled up with a red fluid by ogling the... body of the date. When this meter fills it allows Mondo to give a gift to the girl filling up another meter of hearts. When the hearts are filled you get the girl. Now if your date sees you staring a third meter begins to drop, emptying what is essential a condom. When this condom-looking meter drops, you get slapped and the date is done. These missions are the one method to unlock the three sub-weapons for your arm-cannon. Now these ""gifts"" aren't really necessary to the entirety of the game, but the side missions and finding the secret challenges require them to complete. This, along with certain costumes and character designs, are all typical sexy/sexist SUDA51 and fans will be happy to know that there are glasses that have an x-ray affect allowing Mondo to see his date's underwear.The music for Killer Is Dead is fairly understated. Definitely taking a backdrop. The majority of it being slower-paced, or specifically designed to set an atmosphere for the levels, at times being unnerving, and at others intent on giving a sense of urgency. While it isn't a game that would be pushed for an OST it still isn't a weak link in the design of the game.Killer is Dead allows and encourages a level of replayability. After completing each mission the player is given a score (up-to AAA) with scores given based on time to complete, deaths, and the like. Going back through the missions after unlocking a certain sub-weapon allows the player to unlock certain challenges, which upon completion unlocks certain bonus in the game such as gifts for the gigilo missions and costumes. However going back through the game for the story is largely unnecessary as one will find themself playing through certain missions that are more fun or provide more experience/money for the gift shop. So while I'm not rushing to play through it beginning to end (some dream levels are just plain boring) I did find myself running through certain levels to get higher scores, more money and experience to upgrade Mondo.Overall, while this is a SUDA51 game, I can only recommend Killer Is Dead for the crazy, mind-trip of a story, sexy (sexist) and hilarious side missions, fun gameplay, and an enjoyable time. Admittedly I know this is a (very) short game, as the story only takes a few hours, so my suggestion is to wait for a sale to check it out. Now if you know you're not a fan of SUDA games, then, understandably, stay away as this is very much SUDA51 through and through."
,Recommended,261110,17963148,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,A S T R O,"Episode 1-Me: Japanese?Episode 2-Me: Japa..... Japanese, right?Episode 3-Me: Japanese."
,Not Recommended,261110,16513033,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,orgnzekrnge,"The only good this game can do is make Anita Sarkeesian's head explode with its strange, chaotic, borderline offensive, seemingly parodic cluster&#$@ of violence and sexism.What a mess."
,Not Recommended,261110,13154572,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,shiftedbeef,"What a weird game. If this goes on sale I'd grab it but otherwise pass this one by. I bought it for the ingame artwork, but the dating side missions make me cringe."
,Recommended,261110,10219041,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,The Classy Cat,As most of the japanese games ever released insanely good gameplay but mediocre story. Fast paced combat and original character designs with the cell shaded dark atmosphere keeps you entertained. Oh and you can get under girls' panties just by looking at them.
,Not Recommended,261110,19697674,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Graffstar,This game suvks. Had to get a third party patch to play beyond the infernal loading bug. The gameplay isn't outstanding. Storyline and Characters do not make sense at all. Better keep your money than buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game.
,Not Recommended,261110,24136445,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,D A R K G O D D,"Don't buy it if you want to go through the story seamlessly.This game tends to crash on specific missions/levels and nobody seems to know what exactly causes these issues.For example, I can't play episode 7 or ""Mondo's Girls 1"" because it crashes during the loading screen.A lot of people seem to have this problem but with different missions, leading for you not being able to research fixes since each crash is likely to be specific to your hardware.Though I don't normlaly say this:Buy it on console if anything."
,Recommended,261110,22227877,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Prince Mercury,"It's like Bayonetta with a plot that's halfway between No More Heroes and Killer 7.Of course it's not as good as any of those games, but it's worth a shot."
,Recommended,261110,13947318,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Space Dandy,"I have a dual core processor. This is actually the first boss of the game. If you have a dual core processor, then the loading phone call boss is unbeatable. Even if you go into your settings and make the game run on a single processor, it still won't work. Which is a shame, because this is actually a great character action hack-and-slash.Just buy it for ps3 on amazon. It's about the same price. Or just go buy Metal Gear Rising for another fun hack-and-slash."
,Recommended,261110,15031195,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ickie•°,"So far after ten minutes im still struggling with setting the controls,it seems it's set up for controller use,which most steam players do not have,i do but it's a Shield Tablet controller and so far have not got that working either.so im left completely stuck.You'd think they would have just built in movement and controls like other games that are like this.Nice graphics does not mean it's a Nice Game!...Usually i can tell within Ten minutes if this is one to avoid or not,and at the minute this is not looking good.  Im afraid im going to give it another ten mins,and if ive not got the right controls set up properly and im happy with moving my toon from A-B, then ill come back here and re-edit this.......P,S i see i have x2 friends that also have this and neither have got past ONE hour....... (I mean, come on. spacebar and enter key for cancel and left mouse button for enter? Also, alt-F4-ing the game doesn't work and alt-tab-ing doesn't pause the game. Who the hell does things like that?).Re-Edit>>>>>Ok back after a few more attempts at this,ok i switched to Big Picture mode and GOT my controller to work with this after streaming to big tv through nvidia Shield tablet,yet im still stuck @the first Boss?(anyone know how to do this right?)yes i can manouvre about much much better,now i have the use of my fav controller,but it's still hard to master your moves.I think it's best i change from negative to positive as i bought it in the sale so....now it's back at £20.00 im not so sure..still i might come back again if i defeat the first Boss!!lol  gl the rest of you..;)"
76561198016341252,Recommended,261110,18583531,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DrGuru,"i like the trippy atmosphere, but ""gigolo missions""? really?"
,Recommended,261110,18884529,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Death Element | gamekit.com,"This game is awesome. I haven't played the other versions so I don't know if the port ''sucks'', but I'm enjoying the f**k out of it! I only have a few framerate drops during cutscenes and when the gameplay sections begin. Plus, what's more badass than an stylish assassin who kills his targets with awesome quotes, who has a robotic arm that can turn into a canon and that looks like his straight out from an anime! I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,261110,19390204,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Duo8,"It's easy to tell this is a post-NMH SUDA51 game. Very stylish with a crazy story, thanks to Suda's writing. Not as unique as the games he has full control over, but definitely plays better.The gameplay is smooth and satisfying, and the episodes are of reasonable length. The lady missions feel tacked on however. Infact they are tacked on.As for the port, it's not too bad. Except the 30FPS limit. There is a quick fix to bring it to 60 or even 120, though it speeds up UI elements by 2 or 3 times, depending on the running framerate, the rest of the game is unaffected.EDIT: Now that I've finished it, the game is kinda short (7 hrs for all the main episodes). There are secret files that explain some details about the world and characters, but a lot still feel missing."
,Recommended,261110,13981024,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,RetroArcadeMonkey,"The Gigolo missions were the highlight of my Suda 51 experience10/10, would masturbate to gigolos again."
,Recommended,261110,18566113,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Buttery Biscuits,"This Game is like so much fun to me. Its like a Quentin Tarantino Movie with Beauitful artwork/graphics and story line. I was utterly amazed when i saw this and at the beginning didn't know if this was my kind of game. I'm so glad i got it and i'm really having too much fun with it.-Pros:* Art work i have to repeat this, is just amazing to me it really brings this game together* The story line, confusing yet wanted me to learn more and try to understand what was going on, in the end of the game i wanted more questions answered which made me hope to see more of this* move sets are beautful as it is wonderful to do. Weapons and upgrades as you get them down the line helps out a lot more against enemines that really wanna try to gank you*boss fights are interesting to me, when i thought i beat a boss they come back ( damaged yes) but more powerful with a new fighting technique(s) at which you have to learn nor to beat them down once again.* outfits you get to unlock are nice ( wish it was more though) and even have some unquie properties about them that you can notice when you use them.-Cons:*Chap. 3 i believe ( woman in pain) there is a odd glitch where you are on forever phone loop which can be fixed if you used a free program like HxD to correct the chapter line so that you can keep going.* Sometimes odd fps drops which makes the game lag a bit ( but i will be upgrading my pc) so that depends on what kind of pc you have* the Mondo's girls are very VERY annoying when they call you in the middle of a Job. for an example I was running to race the clock here comes one of them calling me which made me start walking and took time off me. I wish there was a way to block them but thats just me.In the end im very glad i got this, you can play this at your own speed, there is different levels are hardness you can do ( i be doing them all down the line) there is side missisons as well ( even though i dont really like the mondo's girls one cause they bug you even more!).*****9/10 for my vote ( blame mondos girl for the one point off LOL )"
76561197960517774,Recommended,261110,19317392,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jeo,"i7860 GTX 970 60 FPS with ini tweak... Suda,Grasshopper Thank you... The style oh THE STYLE ! DMC Fans will enjoy this alternative :)"
,Recommended,261110,19288482,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,arc,fun gaem thoPC port is not nearly as bad as people make it out to be
76561197994876565,Recommended,261110,19408955,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fozgoz,WHAT IS HAPPENING? THIS IS SO CONFUSING! SO RANDOM! SO ABSTRACT! SO SEXY! SO MUCH BUTTONMASHING!WHY DO I EVEN SHOUT THE WHOLE TIME! CONFUUUUUSIIIIOOOOONNNN!
,Recommended,261110,18883281,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[CSL]4N Boi,nice meme
,Recommended,261110,19342454,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MeowTheSnake,If you like Sudo51 you'll like this game. The best way I can describe this game is like Killer7 and No More Hero's had a baby with a splash from the anime Samuri Shamploo
,Recommended,261110,19384718,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TheeNevs,Lit
76561198153973957,Recommended,261110,18537744,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[💀O.H💀]Big boss🐍,killer is truly dead~
76561198069801102,Recommended,261110,19611904,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The only row,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ Literally one of the best games I've ever played that is all.
,Recommended,261110,18559564,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tesla XIII,Killer is Dead bring out a deck of cards within the Japanese culture. I love the way it reminds me of Gungrave and or other Japanese based buttom smashers. I recommend this game and specially now that is only 5$. Really good game. Graphics could have done better but pretty good game.
76561198037403017,Recommended,261110,19940068,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CHAO$$$,"awesome pickup for less than 5 Euro+ outstanding OST and overall sound design!+ Boss Battle at the end of every stage with 2-3 phases (about 11 bosses overall i think)+ Combat is based on timely dodging and positioning (Combo Moves and complex Inputs are NOT in this game if thats what you are looking for - its all timing)- Bit short (took 9 hours to complete on hard difficulty doing a few of the side missions and none of the challenges) then again for an action game thats quite standard- The ""girl missions"" are pretty dumb - they repeat the same 2 lines and same 2 motionsDebatable:Graphical style looks awesome some times, could have been done better other times - Bosses always look great. Most importantly its something completely fresh and original which made me personally enjoy it.At times the game is intentionally cheesy and has a cast which is pretty far out there (enjoyed that as well).Story is as far out there as the cast and a lot of things are left open - it is an intruiging story though very unlike everything you can probably expect and very unlike other games of the genre,PRO TIP:Upgrade blood healing."
,Recommended,261110,29439712,Posted: 23 January,all,oNezuka2099,Very japanese-queBloodSwordRobotsGirlsGirlsGirls
76561198051136047,Recommended,261110,22544254,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"This is a weird ♥♥♥♥ing game. It also runs a fine line between conventional hack and slash and full-on spectacle fighter.I love it, but the weird humour is going to be offputting for a lot of people. Be prepared for a refund, and then potentially be pleasantly surprised when you don't need one."
,Recommended,261110,22186171,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Morokai,"Mondo Zappa:Part-time bloody killer,Part-time horny oggler,Full-time badass.""YYYYEEEEEEAAAAAARRRRRGGGGHHHH~!"""
,Recommended,261110,22222720,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DANGBRO,Oki
,Recommended,261110,19309582,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BeefSupreme,"Great hack and slash game with interesting ""extra-curicular"" activites."
76561198382416586,Recommended,261110,33083085,Posted: 1 July,all,SCoreo70,The gameplay is extremely fun. I love just about any game with swords and this game does it right. The story can be a bit dense at times but it does not take away from the fun and unique levels and interesting boss fights.
,Not Recommended,261110,16581250,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Orophias,"The port may or may not work on your computer.It barely worked for me. Hangs a lot, lags a lot, I gave up."
,Recommended,261110,16547244,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,V.O.,"Played my first boss,freaking scary scorpion monster with a very very chirpy boss soundtrack.10/10 would boss again.p.s. : the girls in game are hot af"
76561197996251703,Not Recommended,261110,16569453,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tarkatta,Sound doesn't work properly. keeps fading and at stage 3 just stopped.
,Recommended,261110,16589257,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,zink,"Pure art, period."
,Recommended,261110,25706615,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,gette,pimpin aint easy
,Recommended,261110,27597081,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheIntrepidGentleman,Sudo 51 makes another crazy masterpiece
,Not Recommended,261110,16668499,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ravled,"VERY WEIRD AND COOL story and setting, but if I knew about the controls...Can't play perfectly with just mouse+keyboard or gamepad. If you have issues with games with poor point of view (like Onimusha), this game definitely is not for you.There`s a insane button mashing in the third boss few are able to do using the mouse. For other bosses and heavier enemies you`ll also mash attack button like there`s no tomorrow after dodging.Point of view and aiming control with the joystick is just horrible. It auto follow enemies, leaving you vulnerable to others. This, with bosses that are higher than you, jump a lot or even walk on ceilings, means you may sometimes end up looking upwards staring at nothing, specially when suddenly changing directions.Managed to play using the gamepad in melee combat most of the time (wish I could change guard dash to a trigger button, but no button config available) most of time, changing to mouse+keyboard whenever I had to shoot at something. In boss battles it was better to use mouse+keyboard for better view control. Better be safe doing less damage than getting fed up with the game for having to correct the view with right stick all the time.I'll probably play until finish since I bought it, but if I had tried playing it in a friend's house or in a demo, I'd probably just search a video with all the cinematics just to check the cool story. As a game, not so cool."
76561198030153389,Recommended,261110,23277554,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheCagester,cant wait to play the game again
,Recommended,261110,30532796,Posted: 15 March,all,UNACCEPTABLE!!!,"I hate to admit it but it's there, squealing. It's my inner weeb."
,Recommended,261110,14051009,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,I bought this while not knowing what it was and what it was is a big suprise.Enjoyed it from the very first second. I instantly knew i was going to spend quite some time on this one.The graphics are really unique and i'm sure they will push some people away from this title.I really enjoyed them and hope to see more of this. They go hand in hand with the story and gameplay.There is a replay value that is very important since you will have to do stages over and over again tohave them perfected and unluck things or even find some secrets. There is tons to do even some weirdstages where you have to try to seduce a chick. That's where you know you're playing a Japanese game i guess.Now let's hope Suda brings more games to the PC!
,Recommended,261110,16487562,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Human Cheesecake,Has that Killer7 vibe that pretty much no other game on Steam has.Awesome cutting gameplay but surprisingly shallow.Worth the ten bucks I spent.
,Recommended,261110,31077198,Posted: 11 April,all,miezkatz,"Killer is Dead is reminiscent of a stylish short Anime with the typical up- and downsides of the genre. Story, characters, writing and the overall picture in cutscenes walk the thin line between cool and cringy. It's surreal stupid such as the notion of ""executing a nightmare"" and contains painfully squeaky ""Senpai""-drivel. This game requires the player to have a high tolerance for these parts of East Asian culture or at least have no issues with skipping cutscenes altogether. Alternatively, turn on Japanese sync and turn off subtitles.On the other hand the gameplay is incredibly fun from beginning to end. The controls and combos are easy to learn even for newcomers of the spectacle fighter genre. However the gameplay only evolves marginally and may not offer enough combo variation and different challenges for some. The general difficulty tends to be more on the easy side after figuring out an appropriate strategy. Overall the game is fair in the sense of that it lets the player learn and test skills without being too punishing in the process.Killer is Dead's weirdness must be celebrated to enjoy the game fully. It rewards the player with awesome visuals tied to satisfying fighting controls."
,Recommended,261110,14167457,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Thak,This is like Devil May cry with♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥
76561198047751154,Recommended,261110,11582828,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,MC Bat Commander,"The ""A Clockwork Orange"" of videogames."
76561198085334483,Recommended,261110,11624951,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Xephias,"I would give it a 8/10Nice Gameplay , sub missions , and pretty ladies tooToo bad A Short Story Till Next Chapter .If You Love Hack & Slash , Definitely , Its Nice For The Value"
,Recommended,261110,11644807,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Garry MicroDick,great game if you like Suda51 games and lots of quirky japanese fan-service.
76561198039585522,Recommended,261110,11594730,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,"All the flaws come from the fact that it's a complete send-up of stylish action games.  It comments on the disjointed stories, weak characters, reliance on aesthetic over substance, grotesque misogyny, and even the quick-time events that plague the genre by taking all of them to their logical extremes, just to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off and get them to notice what God of War and Ninja Gaiden apparently didn't.  And from what I've seen, it worked, which automatically makes this a brilliant game in its own right.  Not to mention there's a ton of variety, the action's top-notch, and the aesthetic is wonderful.  It's a game for gamers who are also art fans.  If you know what to expect from a postmodern artist like Suda 51, you'll see what I mean."
,Recommended,261110,11597967,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Poplick,"If you're into the hypest of games play this game, I've played everything I could get my hands on made by suda and he's a ton of fun every time."
,Recommended,261110,11624472,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Badger,"I was honestly very surprised by this game. I went in thinking that I might find the story hard to follow or the art to be too stylized. But honestly? I didn't care. I was having too damn much fun killing things, and that's what really matters, right? The story is pretty out there and hard to follow at times, but it's one of a kind. The whole game feels like Devil May Cry in the setting of a Megami Tensai game."
,Recommended,261110,11646816,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Kubiks [road to mexican 2k],"Great game, just finished it.  Fun but short.,  8/10"
,Recommended,261110,11583586,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sir Digby,"I don't know if this is so much of a game as it is an existential acid trip.7.5/10Notes:I've heard some people may experience a game breaking bug when fighting the lobster/crawfish woman.I experienced corrupted audio and sound dropout during the fight.  After I defeated Lady McLobsterbody, I restarted the game and was able to continue with no issues."
,Recommended,261110,11750576,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TsubaHaru,Except for the Glitch in Episode 3 (endless Phone Call) the Game is really good! I hope they will update it soon so I can enjoy it more! :D
,Recommended,261110,28719795,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Donald Trumpet,"honestly im still confused about the ending,but i reccomeend this game for u who loved hack and slash game"
76561198053238085,Not Recommended,261110,25614843,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ZeroMechDragon700,Would be great if I could get past the mission where you have too save Alice but it keeps crashing after talking too her sister
76561198060518343,Recommended,261110,14758286,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Supa-Troopa,"A ticket to the moon.Suda 51 and guys from Grasshopper delivered another amazingly stylish jewel of a game. And the combat is actually pretty good this time around too. No screen-tearing, and cleaner graphics, compared to console versions. Get it.ps — I recommend dating Mondo's girl №4 after doing episode 51 — will make more sense this way."
,Recommended,261110,25309476,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Meltdown,Didn't expect that there will be a lot of waifu materials
,Recommended,261110,31776707,Posted: 15 May,all,Lady Maria,"It may differ from other hack-and-slash-es by its not-so-open gameplay, and actually a not-so-closed story, but its originality and ridiculousness surely pays off (to whomever accepts it as a payment)."
76561198135662016,Recommended,261110,31675856,Posted: 10 May,all,Soma_,"Can confirm, just a bunch of weeb ♥♥♥♥. 11/10"
,Recommended,261110,26168532,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,US Sec. of Defence Jim Houseman,$99.c best money youll ever spend
76561198032083202,Not Recommended,261110,12103578,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mister Butterwolf,"I really want to like this game. I loved No More Heroes and Killer7. This is neither of those games, and is kind of grossly overwrought visually. I was getting over it, until the super sleazy gigolo missions came up. Skeeved me out too badly to keep playing. This game lacks the humor and style of Suda51's previous offerings. It smacks of self-congratulatory masturbation and makes me sad to think about for too long. Bring back Travis Touchdown. His overeager gawking was way more believable than the too-cool-for-school oversexed Mondo."
,Recommended,261110,27856778,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Air Raider,This is such a neat game in every aspect. The art style is amazing and bloody. The levels are great and diverse. The voice acting is on point. The action just gets better the further you dive into the game. Its fresh and it works with a controller.
,Not Recommended,261110,31368586,Posted: 25 April,all,SHAKABRAH,"While the console version is amazing. The PC port is a little ""unstable"". At some point It runs smoothly and at some it doesn't. Controls a little wonky but manageable. The story is pretty good as always. There are also time when there is an infinite loading times which you might not encounter on high end pcs, you might encounter it on mid to low ends. There is a fix which you would have to use a hex editor if you want to.Is it a bad game? No. But I reccomend not buying this port, but that depends on you."
,Recommended,261110,30230370,Posted: 27 February,all,Gareff,"Just absolutely bonkers!Looks funky (in a good way) has style and on top of that is actually fun to play.Another game that doesn't outstay it's welcome, but had loads of little side quests if you want to go back and get a quick fix.Playing this just made me want to play some Metal Gear Rising. They are very similar games and would certainly recommend this to anyone that likes that genre."
,Recommended,261110,30287228,Posted: 2 March,all,Elder Pumo,"Killer is dead is a very different type of Hack and Slash, simple but complex, giving you a sense of freedom on your play style, note aside; the story is pretty elaborated and you have to pay attention to the little details, but here is a lead you play as mondo in a road of a hero to become villian."
,Recommended,261110,23565251,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CKD,"A very odd game with a confusing story, beautiful artwork and perfect music selection.  Worth a try on sale.  Make sure to edit some files if you want to break the 30FPS lock on it, it plays a lot better that way."
,Not Recommended,261110,18035199,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Bitchcakes,"I wish there was a ""maybe"" recommendation button instead of just yes or no.  Get it if it's dirt cheap and you just want to try another game in this genre.  Otherwise, don't bother.  The graphics are cool, but the camera is obnoxious, controlls are just crazy to learn right off the bat, the dialogue is strained.... Oh, and my sound cut out randomly.  Why??I was hoping for a fun hack and slash after my obsession with DMC, but this one just doesn't compare.  I'm disappointed.  I like the art style, but that's the only novelty here.Again, if you catch it for a few bucks, give it a try, but it's certainly not worth the $20 price tag."
76561198025035002,Not Recommended,261110,18007219,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PhaineOfCatz,"Most of the game is a classic, campy, action fighter where you push to get the best scores you can in missions against various assasination targets. controls are good and puzzles stay reasonably fresh without breaking the flow of play.The ""Gigalo"" missions are another matter. Not only are they pretty degrading, they are a complete departure from how the rest of the game is played. They are like a minigame that never gets fully explained and is neccessary for many of your upgrades and weapons."
76561197991790603,Not Recommended,261110,18045298,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,(FλT) Jackball,"Played this game for about an hour. Here is the breakdown on what happened:It crashed twice, loading screens: 5 minManuevering awkard menus: 2 minWatching long, incomprehensible cut scenes: 40 minHacking things with a Katana: 15 minNo thanks, i kind of want a game I can play rather then just watch."
,Recommended,261110,34918227,Posted: 13 September,all,Rielkristians,this game very good and very niceand i tell tou thats not friendly for child.
,Not Recommended,261110,10211379,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Noodle Soup,"I hope ""Nightmare Edition"" is not referring to technical issues."
,Not Recommended,261110,12608581,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Brigh Guy,"My first hour with the game was promising.  I was looking forward to playing more.  Unfortunately, the more I played, the less I enjoyed the story-telling and found the gameplay mechanics to be very clunky.  I can't recommend this for people looking for fun, third-person melee combat."
,Not Recommended,261110,14257593,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"Unplayable on dual core PCs, will just die on Level 3, don't waste you money if you have one."
,Recommended,261110,10260542,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"First impressions:This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing batshit crazy.  I have not even the slightest clue wtf is going on but I love it.BTW, they picked some incredibly poor screenshots to represent the game.  The game is more like an acid trip than what you see here."
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,261110,33554681,Posted: 15 July,all,Sarkoth,"I really tried to like Killer is Dead, being a fan of previous SUDA51 games, but KID went into a wrong direction in my opinion. The gameplay itself is a solid J-combat grind which feels like a considerably less flashy DMC with less combos. Personally, the art design looks extremely weird to me and I am not sure what the ""gigolo challenge""-missions are about, but they definitely feel completely misplaced. The story makes little to no sense, even for a SUDA51 game, the art design is unique, yet completely off and annoying and the enemy design is horribly bland and repetitive except for bosses.Probably the most wasted time this year I put into completing a game so far."
,Recommended,261110,10218291,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ABXY,Killer Is Dead is stunning!Only SUDA51 can save gaming now!
,Not Recommended,261110,16822961,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Spaceman,"konsep gamenya sih oke tapi, saya tidak bisa merekomendasikan game ini untuk sekarang dikarenakan:-pemilihan resolusi layar hanya ada 800x600, 1280x720, 1600x800, 1660x840. sedangkan monitor saya ada di 1366x768-tombol exit game yang tidak berfungsi *tidak ada, hanya ada ketika di dalam game(sedang bertarung)-tidak ada setting grafik yang akurat, hanya ada low medium high-satu hal ini yang paling membuat saya jengkel, adanya bug di misi ke 3 ketika natalia menelponmu, dan seketika itu kamu hanya bisa berjalan di tempat itu, tidak bisa keluar/pause dll"
,Recommended,261110,10214303,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,҉☞Late Night Mel,"Imagine Devil May Cry was made by Suda51.Or, imagine killer7 and No More Heroes had a child, and ""Flower, Sun, and Rain"" raised it, if you're already accquanted with suda51.Needless to say this game is ♥♥♥♥ing bananas, get it."
76561198025017418,Recommended,261110,12275315,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mr_Oso,"Dispite the game breaking bugs this is a stylish romp that isn't entirely soiled by it's mediocre gameplay that tries to push the boundaries that shouldn't exist in the first place.it's hard to be a fan, dispite how suda wasn't as involved as i'd like but I had fun."
76561198041756601,Not Recommended,261110,22139678,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JiiPee,"Shortly:The game is fast paced hack&slash styled action game, where you play as Mondo Zappa, who works for as an assassin in a certain mercenary corporation where he takes on contracts to kill specific targets.The gameplay mechanics are pretty basic. If you've even played the Devil May Cry series or anything that resembles it, you'll pretty much see no difference in this game either. The only real difference in combat is that as you hit enemies with your sword, you'll gain Blood, a resource that you can then use for your special kills, such as range weapons or even executions that will one shot most of the enemies once their guard is down.As you kill enemies and complete missions, you'll get both experience points and money, which you can then use later on between missions. With experience points you can buy new skills and upgrade them, and with money you can buy items from the shop. The items that you can buy includes health/recourse upgrades, resurrection cards in case you die during missions and don't want to restart from the last checkpoin, and Gifts for Beauties that you can ""date"" (I'll tell more about that feature later on).As for the content in this game, the main story contains 12 different missions plus one extra DLC mission (episode 51). There here are 12 submissions and 20 challenges, which mainly gives you only money and little bit experience, but they'll also give costumes if you achieve the highest rank in them (achieving them is guite hard if you ask me).Graphics takes some time to get used to, sounds are doreable and voice acting could be better.As for the Story, I'm still trying to grasp it, because it doesn't really make any sense. Nothing is really explained, as the game presumes that you know all the background stories already, and because of that you'll get even more confused as you make progress through missions.As I mentioned earlier, this game also has these Gigolo missions, where you can flirt with the game's Beauties and offer them gifts that you can buy from the Shop. The way you flirt with them is by looking them through these X-ray classes while they're not noticing, which then increases the progress bar. Once the bar is full, you can offer the beauty a gift, and if the gift is their likings, the beauties will reward you with items such as sub-weapons and stuff (and perhaps some night activity). I'm a guy in my late 20's, so this feature didn't really attract me at all. If you ask me, this whole Gigolo feature was implemented to the game only to attract more buyers such as boys in their teens.Pros:+ Pretty simple battle mechanics, easy to learn+ Money's worth of content+ Works well with Keyboard and Mouse+ Hard boss battles+ 2 language options for the voices, English and Japanese (better immersion with japanese voices, because its japanese styled game)Cons:- The art style, my eyes started to hurt after playing more than 30 minutes or so, but that's only for me- Story is really...really...really hard to grasp of what's going on- The game assumes that you know all the background stories- Camera angles are sometimes irritating- Gigolo feature is out of place and it was probably only added to the game to attrach young customers- English voice acting could be better (especially Mika's voice acting is irritating for most of the time)Do I recommend?Not really. Not only I felt naucious because of the art style, but the biggest problem with it was the story. Each time I started to grasp of what's going, the game gave another new information bomb (so to speak) that confused me even more. But if you really wan't buy the game for it's hack&slash style, I would recommend you to go KiD's wiki sites and read all the background stories from there before you start to play it.Verdict: 3 / 10 - Bad game( 1 = do-not-bother game5 = Average game10 = Must own game )"
76561197976175106,Recommended,261110,23282827,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Imaginary Killer,A video game version of what people who have never done acid think doing acid is like.
76561198000378585,Not Recommended,261110,12793181,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nosfer,F*%@ that buttonmashing! I'd rather play something else than break my controller because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamedesigner.
,Recommended,261110,29517582,Posted: 27 January,all,LOLI SMASH,this game is perfect
,Recommended,261110,10238719,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tetty LM,"It's got unicorns okay.crazy as♥♥♥♥♥♥story. solid combat, nice countering system, good times."
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,261110,12805196,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"Pointlessly long cutscenes that are so painful I am tempted to skip them even on the first playthrough. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menu navigation controls that other than 2 preset layouts are unchangeable. This was obviously a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port with no thought put into the PC controls at all. Combat controls (other than the basic frantic clicking) seem poorly thought out but manageable once you get used to them. I will probably continue playing this game for a bit just to justify the 13GB download but this game has been a terrible experience so far.Edit: Managed to get through another level. Did, in fact, end up skipping cutscenes. Tried a Gigolo level and that was one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen/done. This game is rage puke inducingly bad.Edit: I forgot to mention the absurd amount of mouse clicking involved in some battles. I was legitimately afraid of breaking my mouse and it is brand new."
,Not Recommended,261110,19032219,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,KnopfKopfX,"Stupid dialogs that doesn't make sense, clunky gameplay (you can't even jump), senseless plot, clichee after clichee. And one of the worst cameras ever.After playing a few hours I still don't know what this game is trying to be. All the mechanics feel poorly developted.And don't play it, if you have photosensitive epilepsy. The art style is a pain in the eyes sometimes.This game isn't worth the money."
76561198034647103,Not Recommended,261110,24273359,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Lost Boys,"This game only rewards button mashers, ♥♥♥♥ you David!"
,Recommended,261110,23480043,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,⛧SEMOS⛧,Suda51 does it again.
,Recommended,261110,10211226,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,pj,"Already finished the game on xbox and decided to get it agian here, guess that is a good enough recomedation on it's own.Don't get this is you want DMC level of mechanics or a simple story. It is a fast paced and stylish game which is a mixture of many other Suda51 games combat. The story is not something that is laided out for you, there isn't one obvious plot thread, it isn't about character arcs and a race against time plot but more of a study of a world and people. It isn't for everyone as most will likely just not get it. Also the game got bad press for the gigolo mode, it is over the top and silly, important for understanding the main character and if you get offended by it then you must have a fit any time you go outside cause of all the lewdness"
76561198006161907,Recommended,261110,10934003,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OKAMI,Tomokazu Sugita as main antagonist.10/10
,Recommended,261110,10211453,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Minisham,"So far i'm having a blast with it! I know how bad PC ports can be but this is fine! Sure there is the whole 30fps thing but to be honest i don't really have a problem with that. I only would if the frames dropped to an unplayable level and so far i haven't seen it drop below 29 :DI had played it on the 360 and thought i'd get it again to have a bit more fun with it and i am without a doubt doing just that. i loved the combat quite a lot. It's a bit simplified and you only really need 2 buttons in most fights but i forgave that for the sheer fluidity of the fighting.Now as for the story....it's a mixed bag. I really like the overall idea of it. You are working for a group under the jurisdiction of an un-named state. Over the course of the game you take execution jobs that only the wealthiest are able to afford. These jobs range from an enraged train to a samuri with a living tiger in his tatoo.It sounds really cool right? Well i think the game could have sold itslef on that alone but there is an over-arching plot about the character and his past. I'm not gonna say anything but i felt that it took the spotlight off what was interesting to show off something that really didn't hold up.I also thought it was very short but seeming as you're getting it for €20 it is weel worth the content available. If it had been €50 like before then i wouldn't have been too sure. But i think thats a good sign right? It had to be good for me to want more of it right? :DAll in all i'd say it's worth the buy. The combat is great, there is a lot of variety and there is a man wearing a golden bondage outfit....What more can i say?Oh and that last point? I think that renders any criticism mute XD"
,Not Recommended,261110,29213845,Posted: 12 January,all,Chaotic Entropy,I am really rather unclear on what I am playing. Random bouncing between random stuff with random bad dialogue and random giant breasts everywhere... this feels like someone's lurid art project as opposed to a game. Devil May Cry mixed with a bad acid trip.
,Not Recommended,261110,23307675,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,"Sir Quake, Esquire","I don't know if I could honestly recommend this game outside of when it is incredibly cheap (when I bought it)The art style of this game is what I like to call ""looking at a laptop screen from an angle""I knew it had that style of art but I still wasn't certain that it wasn't just a graphical bug because I didn't know just how extreme it is.Best thing about this game: It is pretty fun to jump in from time to time to feel like a badass, but sadly that is all. That gets old pretty quick and there isn't really any logical progression to the story that I could find and they never really explain things so at the end of the day it is fun for a while but ultimately 'just okay'Also worth noting is that this is very much a console game, it has a 30fps lock that can only be bypassed by editing config files and rather than have rebindable keys it has two different control layouts (the default one is good enough though in my opinion). The camera movement also feels very 'slide-y' where I wasn't sure if my sensitivity was too high or too low because it basically has something similar to mouse smoothing which I can only assume is coming from the expectation of using a controller where it would move faster when you move the camera for a longer time.If you can get it cheap then go ahead, you will more than likely get at least a few hours of fun out of it and maybe even come back from time to time for some 'dumb fun' but I doubt anyone is willing to sit through mission after mission pretty much doing the same thing with no clue why just to see the conclusion if there even is a clear ending that makes sense (this is coming from someone who got 5 hours in before the repetition got to me so take this with a slight grain of salt)This game makes me wish we could get a ""recommended if 90% off"" option when reviewing. At full price however this is not worth it."
,Recommended,261110,10220862,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Sir Stovetop,"A+, challenging, art style is fantastique, hectic button mashing, my kinda speed.  Love Suda, wish it had more creep humor like killer 7 and no more heroes. still a steal at its price, excellent port, no bugs for me!  GIVE IT A GO!"
,Recommended,261110,10217069,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,1214__,Violence and♥♥♥♥♥♥ get it. 10/10
,Recommended,261110,10214215,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Captain Skelly,"Despite it's short storyline that can be beat in about 4-6 hours, Killer is Dead is among one of my top favorite hack 'n slash games. Packed with bright and lucious color, fast-paced action, and unique gameplay mechanics, Killer is Dead offers high replay value. Suda 51 did a really great job with this game and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone.NOTE: Before you play the game, you have to go into the engine.ini file and change the framerate cap to 60 or whatever you want. The game automatically has the FPS capped so, just a heads up. This picture should help you out in locating the ini file:http://i.imgur.com/jRcFFNZ.jpgBuy this game and give Suda your money."
76561198033399298,Not Recommended,261110,18537514,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,jetwow,"Made by some psychopaths.the game play is fine,there is a sort of counter attack like Onimusha series.but I cant stand of the graphic and musics.gotta skip most of the cutscenes.The control is bad,you press B to dodge or block instead of RT or LT.It could be a really nice action game if game designers got more consentration on combat part,not peeping girls and some other sнits."
,Recommended,261110,10935412,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,charged up toad memes,"Great game and stylish as ♥♥♥♥ but somewhat of a simple combat system. Non the less it works and is a great joy.I would recommend doing research before diving into this game. It's locked at 30 fps and has extremely hard button mashing prompts as it is and although you can unlock it to go 60fps (or higher) the buttom prompts then are Nigh On Impossible, but you can fix this again by taking it to google and they will tell you how to edit the .ini files so neither the getting to 60 fps and over burdening button prompts issues are a problem anymore.Also there are some great big stonking♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198094134176,Not Recommended,261110,22148683,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,el-testo,I need a refund. Doesn't work.Game is cool but need a fix.
,Not Recommended,261110,11540592,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,chuckiedorris,"The art gets in the way of the game-- all those unrendered shadows looks like someone turned the HDR on their camera way past the max setting (I thought there was actually something wrong with my computer, because I imagined there was no way any gaming developer would publish a game that has that kind of effect on its textures).There's no cohesive story (I can't really expand on this, because there is no cohesive story).The side missions are boring and outrageously nonsensical.Half of it is cutscenses (I'm not kidding about this-- half the time you spend playing the game is just cutscenes).The combat is boring. Slash, slash, slash: there's no variation. It's fun for 5-10 mins, but that's it.Graphics options include resolution, and texture quality (High, Medium, Low), that's it.Menu controls don't make sense. You can't point and click, you have to use the arrow keys to highlight something up or down the menu, and left click is the ""Enter"" key.Capped at 30FPSTL;DR wait until next summer sale, don't buy it for more than $2.50 (or equivalent in your country)"
,Not Recommended,261110,17970130,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[EquS] Mollune Veilis Emouran,ಠ_ ಠ
76561198052267983,Recommended,261110,10219123,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Jiin,Arm Drill that is all
,Not Recommended,261110,34027969,Posted: 4 August,all,Setsukaa13,"This game is definitely a Suda 51 game, for better or worse. It's a linear hack-and-slash game in the same vein as Lollipop Chainsaw, another Suda game. The combat is generally quite good, if not a little simplistic at times. It's certainly no DmC, that's for sure. The story is over the top, fairly nonsensical, and doesn't take itself too seriously. It's a good time for the 6-8 hours it takes to finish it. Controller support is solid and I didn't experience any bugs or crashes along the way.The only reason I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone other than die hard Suda 51 fans is because it's generally a subpar experience. The 30fps lock and limited graphic options don't help and you'll often be fighting with the game's camera, among other minor annoyances. That's not to say this is a bad game, but it's not one I can really recommend to most people. I would recommend Lollipop Chainsaw, which is unfortunately not on PC, over this game. It's by the same developer, but it has more humor, variety, and charm than this game, even if the combat isn't quite as fluid or refined.If you're willing to take a chance on it, however, you might find something to like about Killer is Dead. Just don't expect too much from it."
,Recommended,261110,22094637,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Nihil Reich,A TRUE MASTERPIECE
76561198135972369,Recommended,261110,30379793,Posted: 7 March,all,[K]aiju 👽,Kinky game. hope thay make lolipop chainsaw for pc soon. 10/10 ps natalia is bae
,Recommended,261110,11027197,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Marcelus,Yes. It's SUDA. It's an amazing cel shaded hack'n slash game. Replayability 600%.About the port issues. Didn't have any problem. The game runs flawless!
,Recommended,261110,11470182,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Momori,"This game is so good it makes you better at every other game you play by teaching you how to anazlyze your situation and use mechanics perfectly to defeat your enviroment.It is a masterpiece of story telling, atmosphere and mechanics blended into one. 10/10"
,Recommended,261110,11070193,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,iluvOP,"Things to do before playing:-unlock the 30fps limit from the config files-prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥-get something good to drinkIts a damn fine game, I havent had so much fun with a game like this in a loooong time. SUDA51 really knows his♥♥♥♥♥♥ Heres hoping that lollipop chainsaw gets a PC port sometime."
,Recommended,261110,10653126,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Aserhak,Fun hack and slash worth getting~
,Recommended,261110,10943238,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rowsdower,This game is absolutely insane. The bosses are all great and the soundtrack is fantastic.Episode 6 The Man Who Stole Her Ears.
76561198072891449,Recommended,261110,10343093,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,PLAYER,A must buy game enough said :)
,Recommended,261110,10305647,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,waycooler,"This game had me scratching my head for the entirety of it, but the bonus Theater Mode you unlock for beating the game explains pretty much everything that needed explaining.It's a fun action game that is basically Suda51's sci-fi take on James Bond with a katana. Play it. You can even skip the Gigolo Missions if you like, though their existence and mechanics are important to Mondo's character."
,Recommended,261110,11039951,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,UFC FIGHT MILK | Regular Dennis,"I love this game. The story is why. At the end of my normal mode playthrough it said I spent 6 and a half hours.It's like a detective agency where all the cases that come in is an assassination mission. Each one is broken up into an episode. It doesn't take itself seriously but it's also not in your face wacky and annoying.Almost every level is linear. I count that as a positive thing because in these types of games I think the player usually wants to search every little corner for anything that might be hidden. There are some secrets but it's not a huge collect-a-thon like some tend to be.The combat isn't great and I don't care. You can make it challenging for yourself if you want to but the startup of some of the moves is so long and you can't use them in other attacks and it's kind of weird. For example: there is a move that seems like it should be something you would use all the time that knocks enemies into the air but you can't start it unless you stop everything else you're doing first. And it takes forever to start. It's definitely the weakest part but it still manages to be fun.The whole style of the graphics, characters , and story gives me a bit of a JoJo's Bizarre Adventure feeling.I only played one of the optional gigolo missions. They seem really stupid and bad in a gross anime nerd fanservice kind of way that most of the rest of the game avoids."
76561197972523043,Recommended,261110,11694877,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Prince Silvermane,"7/10, Classic Suda51 action in a stylish artstyle, set up a bit like an ongoing anime in the episodes.  Though a little repetitive in combat.GOODSuda51 sure likes their Hack-n-slashes.  The formula hasn't changed too much from other games of the genre but it feels pleasantly solid and satisfying.  There's a lot of timing involved with dodges, blocking and parrying.  Each feels great to do and the game encourages you to kill enemies at high combos with stylish 'judgement' executions.  The difficulty scales well from level to level and from difficulty level to difficulty level.  Easy could be beaten by a toddler, normal could be beaten by a normal guy, hard a veteran of hack and slashes, very hard for people who found Dante must die enjoyable, and finally Nightmare.  In Nightmare mode all enemies become 'immortal' and can only be killed via execution.  You 'could' cheese Nightmare with the Infinite blood costume, but that wouldn't be fair now would it?  There's a good variety of environments and the boss design is great.  Each one feels unique enough and there's one at the end of nearly every episode.  There's plenty of content and side missions to keep one satisfied enough.  But it leaves you wanting more.BADStory is a bit of a hit and miss.  I liked it but many may not like the way it's set up or the tone.  It relies heavily on symbolism and has a few running gags in the vein of a shonen anime.  Combat while fun can get easily repetitive with only one attack button and a ranged weapon.  The lack of a lockon may irritate some, but I never found myself wanting one here.  Another problem is one series of Side missions.  The Gigaloo missions.  They're a bit embarrassing and you'll likely ignore them after you finish each one to get the other sub weapons.  The game will constantly remind you they exist in missions though.  Girls will call you in the middle of a mission and cry about how lonely they are and generally try to guilt trip you.  I'm not sure if this is supposed to mean anything deeper or not... But it's certainly annoying."
,Not Recommended,261110,13478514,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Good Kitty,Don't buy this on PC.  This port is super glitchy.  The game doesn't support gamepad and the sound will cut out during boss fights.  It's a shame that they do not upkeep this game.
76561198352316445,Recommended,261110,30386584,Posted: 7 March,all,CHICKEN ATTACK,"love the animation, awesome gameplay"
,Recommended,261110,16523348,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"Action game, but a bit easier than the typical dmc and ninja gaiden very ""japanish anime"" with over the top foes and even mini games to get women into bed.8/10 on gameplay and graphics. the story? ahum 6/10."
76561198111116528,Not Recommended,261110,22252298,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Prettyplatypus7,"This was my first Suda 51 designed game, and i can see why he has fans, but i wouldn't be one of them. The game has a VERY strong manga influence, and while i'd happily enjoy a game with a crazy story, I found this game's pretty nonsensical. I also found the ""Kawaii"" manga aspect too much, your sidekick is a screaming teen girl, I have no idea why they chose to do this but it's the first time i've ever missed Navi from OoT.Combat wise the game is solid, though i found it was not a fun game. it's fast moving, but the graphics can be very dark in places, and the style means that alot of things are happening on screen at once, making it hard to know where attacks are coming from. the game only runs at 30fps as well, which is not ideal for this type of game.Ultimately this game look's nice, but the combat i found frustrating, or laggy. in my opinion, a game like DMC is just more solid and responsive."
76561198057464299,Recommended,261110,10224953,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,divingduck_dell,"pretty good game love the suda games like shadows of the damned and lolipop chainsaw, story is dumb but the stupidness is why these games are good for some reason , if you played the two titles i put on here or no more heroes will like this"
,Recommended,261110,10951153,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bob vila,its good i think but i dont think ive been more confused in my life
,Recommended,261110,10984270,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Poskito,"After completing this game, I honestly can't see why this game recieves such bad reviews.The plot is confusing, but that's the charm of Killer is Dead. The game throws you into a completely different universe without explaining how anything is possible. It's dark, and I love that.The visuals are stunning and moving the frame rate from the 31fps cap to 60-80fps really helps to improve the fast and fluid fighting.Musically, the game does pretty well with some very fitting music and 1 or 2 tracks that really stand out from the others.Gameplay is fun. The fighting mechanics are complex enough to keep you on your toes and it's really not as basic as reviewers would lead you to believe - especially when played on the higher difficulties. If you fail to learn the mechanics, you will struggle against some of the more powerful enemies.Boss fights are amazing, varied, and provide plenty of f**k yeah moments.Highly Recommended to fans of the genre (and Suda51)"
,Recommended,261110,10939807,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,-= Caneda =-,Enjoyed pretty much. Hack and slash lot's of missions and side missions. Suda51 originality big plus!Different from the mainstream oozing with style!
,Recommended,261110,10950233,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rummy,"Spectacle action game with press X to ""holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm slicing and dicing"". This game is very entry level, things like perfect parry and dodge are easy as hell. If you have a controller you should pick up this game.It's a very visually appealing game to say the least."
,Not Recommended,261110,29023446,Posted: 4 January,all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,This game is so obnoxious with its button-mashing events (with really high difficulty) that I had to stop playing because my thumb hurts. *slow clap*
,Not Recommended,261110,12194981,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Atom,"I don't know what it is about this game, I just can't get in to it. I know I haven't played it for long but something about it just doesn't feel right. Although the visual style is really cool, the writing is pretty bad and the combat is too simplistic too early for me to want to continue (I hear it gets better, but I'm bored already unfortunately). My audio also bugged out in the third mission during the boss battle.I love Shadows of the Damned and some of the other work Suda51 has done, but this one just isn't for me. If you really like hack n' slash games and this is on sale for a few bucks (No more than $5 absolute maximum), give it a shot. Otherwise you're better off not playing Killer is Dead.4/10, won't be finishing this one."
,Not Recommended,261110,16538724,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ON4R,
76561198319267226,Not Recommended,261110,31113347,Posted: 13 April,all,Benkai101,The game keeps on crashing. I am very angry because I spent money on this game and I can't get my money back I am very upset on this purchase because of the level 3 boot loop. The developers are freaking lazy for not fixing this!!!!!
,Recommended,261110,17960763,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,WREAK,Misogynist trash. Games like these are why women aren't being respected and are treated like objects. All the girls are carried by a man with a stupid bionic arm that recieves upgrades from a disgusting mini-game where you give girls what they want to have sex with them. If you want a better hack n slash with powerful women please support my petion for a port of Senran Kagura Estival Versus.
76561197986670728,Not Recommended,261110,17945944,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,HoveringBeef,Utter gash
76561197970521558,Not Recommended,261110,13751057,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jᵅᵞᴮᴿᴼ,"Purchasing this game is a complete gamble. It might run perfectly or it might run horribly. It doesn't matter whether you have dual core or quad core. I have a quad core system but I still can't get the game to run without heavy sound bugs. Nothing has fixed it. the devs have not patched any of the problems that were reported immediately after release and this is 6 months later. It is a shame because it is a great game (I played it on PS3, as I said no luck on PC).Save your money unless you are ok with possibly having an unplayable game.EDIT: No patches and it is a year and a half later. Still unable to play..."
76561198007409592,Recommended,261110,13972733,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,"This is unique to say the least. A lot of Acid was droped making this. And it payed off. The is bonkers mad and fun. The graphics ar amazing. The style, the cutscenes, the story, the fights, the executions...ect. Did I mention there's a blue unicorn inside ?"
,Recommended,261110,17857563,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Skjaere,A Hideo Kojima game.
,Recommended,261110,11107956,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Tarek,This is a weird surreal game in the same vein as Devil May Cry.It is VERY Japanese.Worth a buy.
,Not Recommended,261110,16026324,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chris Adamantium,Dafuq did I just play...Cool graphics but story makes no freaking sense.
,Recommended,261110,16128155,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Moo moo the cow,Killer is deadMore like killer in bed....10/10-ign
,Recommended,261110,12069944,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BronzyIsland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
76561198082185766,Not Recommended,261110,20920307,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Tekki,"The game is a glitchy mockery of the hack n' slash genre. The bosses are litterally immortal most of the time, the sound cuts out at the most inopprotune moments, and the controls aren't even that good (only one attack button? srsly? Even DmC: Devil may cry has 6 base moves)"
,Recommended,261110,27934159,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,yuu/ki,"""Killer Is Dead"""
,Recommended,261110,27945162,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,S T X,♥♥♥♥ing genius
,Recommended,261110,24334359,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Hentai363,I don't get the story lmao.
76561197979981512,Not Recommended,261110,18282134,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TrippinPop,Easily one of the worst games ive played in a long time.
,Recommended,261110,10217528,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,Dis is some weird s**t. Be warned: Japanese weirdness ahead!You will either like it or hate it. 8/10
,Recommended,261110,10823135,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hierarchy,BEAUTIFUL BUT NOT PERFECT VISUALS [CHECK]FLASHY ♥♥♥♥ING SWORD SWINGS AND PERFECT HACK N' SLASH ELEMENTS [CHECK]WOMEN WHO WILL DO WHATEVER THE HELL YOU WANT TO THEIR BODIES FOR GIFTS AND THE LOW LOW PRICE OF OGLING THEIR BODIES [SEXIST CHECK]HYPE [♥♥♥♥ING CHECK]GET THIS HYPE♥♥♥♥♥HELL GAME [THANK YOU BASED SUDA51]
,Recommended,261110,11318615,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Brunark,"I can only compare the style of this game to if Quentin Tarantino directed an anime movie while super baked, or on shrooms, or possibly both.The art style is very unique and eye catching with the interesting use of colors and lighting. The storyline is somewhat there, though not very linear or coherent at all at times. Even by the end, I was still scratching my head a bit as to what did my body just experience.The gameplay is pretty solid and I'd recommend for any action fan. The flow is very smooth, especially once you max out your sword and get into higher blood level combos. The game has just frame dodge and block mechanics and counterattacks as well.The only issue I can say with this game is that there isn't very much variety in attacks, including aerial combat. Mondo can't jump at all. You end up using your gun sub weapons to deal with aerial enemies, which is a bit of a disappointment. Most of the time, you'll just be spamming your katana to do damage, though you do have to do more of course on higher difficulties when you've got different enemies, some of them with armor.Oh, and one last thing, Gigolo missions. I was not prepared since I didn't know about these at all before purchasing the game. It turns the game into one of those weird Japanese dating sims, but more perverted. Really they're just a side game if you want to burn time since you're forced to watch the ensuing cutscenes and can't even skip them. Just keep it in mind."
,Recommended,261110,10214091,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,PururinArmad,"♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥es, slash japs, and even dress up kawaii teenager mika."
76561198059025029,Recommended,261110,10945078,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RedCometRaven,if you have already played a game from SUDA51 then it is easy to explain.  the game is verry good at fast action and quirckyness.  if you like games like this like i do then you will defenantly enjoy the crap out of this title.
,Recommended,261110,11589347,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,King of Games,The cheapest acid trip I have ever been on
,Recommended,261110,10942954,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MaleSensitivity,"This game is a must buy during this Steam Sale!  It is probably the most remarkable hack - n - slash action game I have come across in a number of years!  I've only played the first two episodes, but I feel confident in saying that my $15.00 was well worth it (I bought it last night).   I think the art style and imagination in this game are fantastic.   But, if you are easily offended by violence or sexually themes, stay away!Otherwise, enjoy this while it is on sale!!"
,Recommended,261110,11191797,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,StylixDS,"Although the dialog is in english, I still can't understand what's going on half the time or why things are the way they are. This game feels like it was a poorly translated story straight out of a fever induced nightmare from someone in Japan.... but that's honestly a good thing in this case.The off-the-wall nature of the game coupled with the surreal environments make it easy to forgive the confusion and just enjoy the ride. This may bother some people, but I find it to be refreshing because nothing becomes predictable like in most games. This will keep you wanting to play just to see what bizarre twists lie ahead.Even though the game is very confusing the combat remains constant and satisfying. There are plenty of flashy effects going on that make it feel very rewarding when you pull off moves correctly. You also have abilities you can purchase and upgrade at your choosing to tune your preferred play style.My only real gripe with the game is that there seem to be a lot of abrupt halts in the action to make room for cutscenes or tips. This is painfully obvious in the first couple of levels, as you'll sit through several dialog scenes that make little sense then be thrown into a fight with 5 or 6 wordy tooltips popping up. This can make the game feel a little overwhelming to a newcomer. Still, it's not a big enough issue to make the game annoying."
76561198076488471,Recommended,261110,11194419,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jeezuus,This game welcomes the veteran Ninja Gaiden fans that have been playing it since Xbox. Game difficulty is up there like Suda51's work with Team Ninja. I was sceptical when I first watched gameplay but after playing it myself I will for sure come back to it and do a 100% completetion on absolutely everything in it.
,Recommended,261110,10213220,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,󠁁  󠁁,"tl;dr - No More Heroes: Desperate Struggle of the Moon's Damned Killer 7. Unlike No More Heroes...This game is incredibly difficult! <-Fun, but fighting 5 enemies at once that demand proper timing to block or dodge, combined with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera and eye-bleeding bloom that makes the game not run if you disable it?Dangerous.It's as generic a hack and slash as it gets on the surface, and to unlock the variety - you need to1. Get good at the game. (General flow of 30 FPS bloom-ridden fast paced ""enemies always in your blind spot"" combat.2. Get good at awkward as ♥♥♥♥ staring at boobs and thighs contests, poking at her vulnerabilities  when she gives you them, IF SHE GIVES YOU THEM. She won't, really - just RNG or hack money into the game and hope you don't get banned so you have a fair number of attempts to woo the women the first time around. (Mondo's Girls missions.)3. Realize that the game will be blurry, and there's little you can do about it .Beyond that, the game has a decent soundtrack, and a narmy charm you can't help but snicker at from time to time.It's cheap enough too - that's a start. Will edit if things improve, but as it stands - I doubt it. They expect too much of the player a wee bit too early (On normal.), and if you don't catch on / run out of your revives early, you're going to not have fun re-doing a lengthy boss fight. (Talkin' bout you, David. Boss difficulty RAMPAGE SPIKE.)PS: Don't pick Mission 51. It's troll bait and I know I'm terrible at navigating dark dungeons combined with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphic filter, but it's just troll bait. You get into the basement of a dungeon, and never find the way out! If it's a mandatory mission, I'd rather not consider the game - but I'm only 5 missions and two ""B-Rank Serenades"" of women in. Who knows?)(PPS: Last gripe. Game insists you get a guard breaker skill in your head to use. Using this however, not only wastes time - but leaves you wide open to be attacked by both normal enemies, and bosses. Combo rate and not getting hit are key. You may as well toss your hopes of upgrading or improving into the trash if you get hit. Killing enemies ISN'T. GOOD. ENOUGH. Guard Breaking is mandatory, but using it on EVERY ENEMY WHICH WILL SPAM-BLOCK YOU, will make your combo meter fall. I don't ♥♥♥♥ing understand this.)"
,Recommended,261110,10215033,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Gilgamex,"AWESOME GAME, DUDE TOTALLY GET"
,Recommended,261110,10211000,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Madarashi,"I played this game on the hardest difficulty that came with the Playstation 3 version, and I must say that was easy to my standards. The graphical colour scheme this  game has is beautiful. The gameplay is rich with its own mechanics and twists to the generic hack-and-slash gameplay. The story is still confusing. I love stories but this story is the most confusing story ever. Plot twists here and there and this and that. Everything mentioned above is the AAA+ for this game and is what made this game its own. Most importantly is the price. Will you get worths your money? YES! You will get what you want. The console version that I got was the NA Limited Edition. So I got everything for $69.99. On PC, you get everything the Limited Edition got plus the added Very Hard mode for $19.99! Thats a plus for the hardcore players! I recommend this game if you like these kinds of games. Kudos Suda51. You did a great job!I will come back when I get abit more into the PC version when I am not busy!"
,Recommended,261110,10249248,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ramboner,"I'm a huge fan of SUDA51 games and this game is pure awesomeness. Super japanese-ey, over the top action. Really cool visual style."
,Recommended,261110,10259435,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TrinketHD,Can anyone understand the storyline? NoDoes it really politially okay for the today's standard? Hell no!but... is it fun? YES!
,Recommended,261110,10364868,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SPYderman,"This game undersold a ton but it really is a great hack n slash. Most likely the closest thing to getting Ninja Gaiden on PC, hell its even better than that. If you enjoy anime and games where you cut the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of monsters then you should pick this up. It's worth the $20 just make sure you play with a controller for the whole expierence. I played and beat this on Normal, Hard and Very Hard because I love it so much."
,Recommended,261110,10395097,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Captain Cabinets,"This is definitely one of the best video games ive ever played, while it is short and sweet, it has a lot of replay value. Extremely surreal and on par with other suda 51 games. Plays like a more fleshed out NMH and the story is very Killer 7. Would not recommend to people who find stories difficult to follow"
,Recommended,261110,11592200,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,EUGENE V. DABS,"It's a Suda51 game with an amazing soundtrack. There are only two really unfortunate flaws: you can't rebind inputs for keyboard + mouse, and an awful reliance on ""MASH X"" QTEs.  If you don't mind any of this, snatch it right up.Personally, I got fed up with it when I got to a boss fight where you can damage him most easily with perfect dodge-slashes (which lead into a MASH X QTE) until his health bar depletes; which leads directly into ANOTHER MASH X QTE and if you get through THAT one you go into his second phase which is exactly the same as the first phase so you do more perfectly-timed dodge-slashes (that's another MASH X QTE) and then you get his health bar down which leads into YET ANOTHER MASH X QTE so at this point you've done 15-20 of these MASH X QTEs and your hand is worn out so you biff it which leads to him dealing over 3/4 of your health meter which kills you and if you want to CONTINUE at this point in the fight, to spare yourself any more MASH X QTEs you call in Mika who revives you... if you can pull off a MASH X QUICK TIME EVENT and this reminds you how much you didn't like SHENMUE in the first place and how the ""NO, YOU MUST KILL THE BOSS THE *COOL* WAY, TRY AGAIN"" crap from GOD OF WAR somehow became a popular and accepted thing in game design up to the point where it ruined the ONE Castlevania series that Konami has seen fit to put on STEAM and you uninstall the game and vow to never play a game that makes you MASH X unless it makes you shoot lightning out of your bung hole.Or perhaps that's just me.  It's still a pretty cool game, that being said"
,Recommended,261110,11460780,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Lead,WTTTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF 0_0
,Recommended,261110,11320661,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Rebry,"Seriously, such mind♥♥♥♥.ive played the first 3 eppisodes and in not even sure whats going on.BUT ITS FREAKING AWESOME!"
76561197974696078,Recommended,261110,11552571,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Iros,"Hilariously bad dialogue, interesting story, fun gameplay. I enjoyed it thoroughly"
,Recommended,261110,10213705,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,CrysisX,I have a raging boner playing this game. That is all I have to say. 11/10
,Recommended,261110,10236553,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Grayflox,the combat isnt the greatest but it gets the job done and can be dmc3 and dmc4 cuhrayzeethe level designs are really really nicekiller is dead is a cool catch phrasemondo is badassvivienne has really nice feetmika is a character that is completely based on being happy (aka ♥♥♥♥ing garbage shes annoying as hell)bryan is a more badass barreti wish mondo would tuck me into bed at night with his robot armi give it a 7/10
,Recommended,261110,10490582,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"Weird♥♥♥♥♥(still pretty cool) story with incredibly flashy visuals and very satisfying combat, id recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of japanese hack and slash."
,Recommended,261110,10303870,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Count Talcula,"The only thing Suda actually did for this game is the writing. Funnily enough that's the worst part of the game. Okay, so at one point it's revealed that the government is secretly mass-producing clones. Cloning is a federal crime, so one of my support characters makes a quip how we can blackmail the government by not telling the government that the government is secretly creating clones behind the government's back. ????Also I hope this isn't how Suda views gender roles, because every woman is either an idiot, a robot, eye candy, or dies a miserable death. The combat is the only enjoyable thing about the game, but there's only so many times I can mash the X button until my thumb starts to hurt. For the record no other game on the market gives you a more enjoyable feeling from doing the same motion over and over again for hours on end unless you count masturbation.Three out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ) ( )"
,Not Recommended,261110,23426297,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Red,Meh. Not as good as I expected it to be ;_;
,Recommended,261110,10279831,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DCTRDRP,"I'm a sucker for unique art styles so I'm a bit biased toward accepting any of the game's flaws due to its excellent presentation. It should not be forgotten that this game, however, was designed for a console and should be played with a controller. While the port is excellent and it runs amazingly, if you are still using your mouse and keyboard, the game will feel strange when entering menus. Otherwise, if you consider yourself an action junky with a penchant for zany graphics and don't mind how perverted the creators were, this game is for you. Checkout the INI file mods to run this at 60fps (if you can) and you're golden. Now, on to make sure KILLER IS DEADAlso - I just bought this for the second time for PC, having playing this on my PS3"
,Recommended,261110,10246988,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Henowa,9/10 would slash and hack
,Recommended,261110,10208129,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,レディリナ(Madame Bowsypon),The hypest gameplay on Steam.
76561198010433036,Recommended,261110,10213537,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,JackMichaelson,"This.Game.Is.Epic. Having played some of Suda 51's games, such as No More Heroes, this game comes with my highest recommendation. However, I do have to say that to get the most out of it, you need to delve into the configuration .ini to tweak some graphics settings. Also, SweetFX does wonders for this game! It's stylish, crazy and sexual. It has Suda 51 written all over it. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,261110,10236292,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Sadistic Gentleman,"SUDA51 never fails to entertain me. I pre-purchased this game not having a single clue about it never heard of this one by SUDA51 till it came to PC, release day comes and im so excited to play i jump right in and im already having loads of fun, Even from the beginning of the game it was fast and flashy sword play and then you learn about your left hand that apparently shoots roses XD. I've done about 8 episodes,2 scarlett challenges and 4 mondo girl missions and im loving it.Some people have been noticing bugs with the game like LB and RB on controllers not working and the game crashing on episode 2 cutscenes or not being able to play past episode 3, I however haven't had any of these problems the game looks beautiful, the frames are perfect the game is all around smooth.so i definitely recommend this to any hack and slash fan and SUDA51 fan and i hope more games from SUDA51 come to PC."
76561197975174907,Recommended,261110,10217671,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LuciferOfWater,"As a hack N slash game fan I was looking forward to Killer is Dead. I am gonna keep this simple with a list of pros and cons. Also I am not sure where to put the feminist approach in pros or cons as its personal preference hence just mentioning it here. The story is simple.Pros:Amazing Art StyleFast paced and responisive combatJapanese and english audio includedGood balance between range and meleeMultiple Difficulties.Cons:For a pc port there arent a lot of video settingsCombat is not very deep, Some moves are overpowered and can be spammed against everthing in the game including bosses.Camera gets blocked at time by the particle effects.The rating system in the game is vague so its hard to figure out how to get AAA rating.Overall it is a fun game, and does have replayability. So I do recommend buying it."
76561198009762639,Recommended,261110,10556847,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Trakuro,Un bon défouloir bien mindf*ck
,Recommended,261110,10236165,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Neutron John,"Killer is Dead ReviewKiller is Dead is one of the weirdest games ever in existence. I'm sure there are weirder games, but this is the first time I try something out of the norm for me. I have to say for the most part I love it! Of course there are parts of the game that might be awkward for others. First off the story starts off in such a way that you can get a little lost. Thankfully the plot is simple enough for you to be engaged in. The climax is very exhillarating and fun to exprience. Now if you look at the Gigolo missions, it's different. I didn't really have a problem with the gigolo missions. I thought they were a nice icebreaker between all the fighting. They are very sexual, but it's never gratitious. It might feel like it's a lot, but it's not, we just don't get that many games that exmeplify sexuality at all. Yes there is Dead or Alive, The Witcher, All Suda 51 games, but it's no where near to how much sexuality is depicted in say shows or television. Anyway the gigolo missions aren't highly important, but I can see how they could be a deal breaker for some. I myself play the game for the fighting. The battles you have are not only awesome, but they are filled with an amazing art style. I myself felt like I was playing an anime. The game itself is paced somewhat like a mix between anime and prodecual. It has episodes and your always on an assassin contract, but there is a bigger story going on bewtween the episodes. Everything over all is very satisfying. If your a fan of anime, stylistic action, great art style then you owe it to yourself to play this game.The game isn't without it's flaws. The sexuality for one could be a deal breaker for some people, but if you look at the trailer of this game then it is kind of suprising if you expected anything else. The controls are very good, and while you at first start just button mashing, soon enough, you'll have to become a master of adrenaline rushes, timed counters, and upward slashes in order to get higher scores and beat the games later levels and on higher difficulties. Once you do get a AAA ranking it feels awfully rewarding because it actually requires skill and patience. If you play through all the missions just once including the gigolo mission, you are probably looking at a 5-7 hour game depending on you skill level and what difficulty you start with. However to get triple AAA ranking and beating it on the Nightmare difficulty you are easily looking at triple or quadruple that time. If your into bettering your score and leaderboards than this game has a lot of bang for your buck, if your not, then maybe you should wait for a sale.FOR PEOPLE: Who love anime, procedurals, stylish action, Bayonetta, Metal Gear Rising, Devil May Cry, and countless others. However be warned this game is not as good as the others.NOT FOR PEOPLE: Who are easily offended by sexuality, or don't like the game I mentioned above, regardless if you can stomach what might turn you off about the game, I suggest you give this game a shot.If I had to give a score it would  be a 8/10. Not as good as some of Suda's previous games, or the others I mentioned, but it's still requires the skill needed to truly enjoy an action game, and delivers the same thrills, fun, and at times frustration.  A GREAT game."
76561198079458623,Not Recommended,261110,29262186,Posted: 14 January,all,kyleman111,"Its got okay gameplay, but the story is beyond confusing, theres being abstact, then theres not telling the player what the hell is going on, I want to enjoy this game, i really do, it would be much more enjoyable if the story was actually cut all together"
76561198065241730,Not Recommended,261110,29263954,Posted: 14 January,all,AurumWeaver,"I won't recommend this game. Don't look at my time count from this Steam account, I played the game entirely on my flatmate's PC.The game doesn't lacks interesting concepts. It could eventually be appreciated as a mostly okay game, if your standards about gaming are those from early 2000's. Simply, things have changed a lot during ten years, and an average, generic beat'em all with an archaic game-design (the upgrade system, the combat, the game objectives and progression, they all terribly lack luster and originality). The level-design is on the verge of simple laziness, with its linearity, lack of explanation for many mechanics, and bad implementation of new (or not) enemies, making the learning of the game very tedious. All these mechanics were interesting back in the days because they were experimentations, the beginnings of certain styles of games and how to design a game well, but in 2014 (the game's release date), it's mostly disappointing. Which is why I'm saying, the game design as a whole is very lazy.I'd almost like to compliment the game on its risky decision of visual style, with strong contrasts and metallic ink effects, but that plus the strange camera movements make the game very hard to read sometimes, without mentioning the showers of disparate loots that come out of your dead foes for no good game-design reasons.The game could maybe find its salvation in its very anime-ish story, which is kind of interesting in its own rights, but the writing is very ordinary (you couldn't ever compare that to anything like Psychopass, GitS, Steins;Gate, which aren't masterpieces but are still quite good - KiD is far, far below that). You're often in complete confusion about what's going on, and why you're doing what you're doing (fetching cupcakes and flowers in a small - yet gigantic and inconsistent Escher-esque - suburban house to a woman in servant costume asking you to kill her sister since she's a monster... wait, why am I even fetching her that stuff?). Women are also terribly represented, they're sexualized about as much as one can expect from a japanese author, and are generally either pathetic and childishly portrayed, or a perfect cliché of the evil femme fatale.All in all, it was... fun-ish, but I'd recommend to someone who likes beat'em all to go back to a nice game of Bayonetta or God of War, and for manga/anime fans... well, There's still Re:Zero, Yuri!!! On Ice, and Your Lie in April. Which are masterpieces. And worth your time. But maybe you should pass on Killer is Dead."
,Not Recommended,261110,12951552,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,JeffTheNoodles,"The game is awesome ive played this on ps3 before but here on pc steam it keeps on crashing,i really want to play this game but unfortunately it keeps on crashing,i will write a positive review if the devs were going to fix this as soon as possible.."
76561198186393618,Recommended,261110,24802741,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,buypolar pop,good game i like it
,Recommended,261110,10221988,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Questerdaniel,"It's a ok pc port, and although this game is short, but that's an enjoyable experience, but I gotta say some level designs r just almost copied from no more heroes.. so, if  you haven't play no more heroes before and it's very creative.I didn't hyped too much on this game's pc port before release, but the pc port's quality eventually is a little surprise me, although it doesnt improve graphic from console port, but it's well done for k&m and runs pretty smooth. you can uncap the 30fps though"
,Recommended,261110,10224921,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,xenogears é muito ruim,Forget the embarrasing japanese-portrayl-of-women thing and the fact that this is not really a Goichi game (this is no killer7/FSR/The Silver Case/Moonlight Syndrome/NMH) and you should have fun.
,Recommended,261110,14532417,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Punished Jake from state farm,Killer is kill.Is killer kill?What if killer is not kill?Mondo needs a hand/10
76561198138297486,Recommended,261110,33738060,Posted: 23 July,all,Mega Eleden,10/10 ehm.... you know *tity bear*9/10 the game play is pretty good after some time
76561198365782607,Recommended,261110,33701772,Posted: 21 July,all,RazelDrazel,awww yea dog this game a crisp bbq potato chip in this walmart full of great value salt and vinegar chips oof
76561198067997807,Not Recommended,261110,18556205,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Entire Population Of Norway,Weird asian controls and the art style makes my eyes feel weird
,Recommended,261110,10224462,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Blanc,"Suda51 delivers again. If you enjoy video games for fun, get this game. Good gameplay, pretty stylish art style, and the feeling that the devs were high when making this game makes this game fun. Don't bother getting this if you're one of those people who play games just to see if its misogynst since this, or video games as a whole, aren't for you."
,Recommended,261110,10225530,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,derw4tz,"If you like overdrawn characters and weird happenings this might be the game for you.A very enjoyable hackn slay game with a classical suda-story.If you are not familiar with suda: he creates whacky worlds with overstylized charakters in classical neo-anime style.He`s behind amazing games wich are quite similar in flair but are different in each setting.If you like other Suda-Games like ""no more heroes"" or killer7 this ones a should buy.To all else i say you should check this games out cause they are all goddamn awesome.Tldr.: if you like hackn n slay with weird charakters and cell shading then buy it"
76561198055190687,Recommended,261110,10225606,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hanzo Beats,I highly recomend this game
,Recommended,261110,10355963,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kesh,sweet
,Not Recommended,261110,30532126,Posted: 15 March,all,mushishi,"me waited so long for game.me bought game.me was happy.game ""just"" started.everything seems fine.game crashed.me cried.refund accepted."
76561198079606055,Recommended,261110,10223836,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,?????,"So glad I waited for this to be released before I spent $60 on Yaiba.  Dont get me wrong...yaiba looks like a great action game, but is WAYYY to expensive especially since its on Steam.  Killer is Dead is just as stylish and action packed although like some comments have talked about the storyline is a little confusing, but the gameplay is so defined that its made up in the action and the little bit of story that is involved.  Also it has a lot of levels of upgrades and action gameplay which is something I search for in an action game....on top of all that it was so much cheaper and looks like just as much action gameplay as Yaiba....only $17.99 for pre-release...Sweet....been playing for an hour an I am already addicted.  After Metal Gear Rising, Yaiba and now Killer is dead one can only imagine the amount of effort that has to be made to surpass these types of gameplay formatsMy suggestions.....Continue the Dark Siders franchise somebody PLEASE...maybe DS 3 or something in addition to getting some of the other ninja gaiden games on steam...And you cant forget a greatly anticipated sequel to Metal Gear Rising....The God of War Series.If you really want me to pay $60 for a game get Tenchu Z up here...NOW THAT WOULD BE WORTH IT"
76561198057211597,Recommended,261110,10700755,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sybris,This is a fun game i really enjoy the game play and the story line is nice as well.
,Recommended,261110,10763645,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dav Slinker,"Increasingly I think that Suda 51 is the video-game equivalent of Quentin Tarantino. The dialog is extensive and sometimes eclectic, and then it jumps into hyper-gory over-the-top action sequences, while paying homage to tropes of previous popular works in the medium. Suda 51 is definitely more surreal than Tarantino, especially in this game. I've put about 8 hours into it and I don't entirely know what's going on.But, hey. Robot laser arm and super-powered katana? I mean, that's a winning formula right there."
,Recommended,261110,10851501,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Aowl,Its like the perfect combination of Devil May Cry and No more heroes 10/10
,Recommended,261110,10227716,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,knighttraviis,"Killer Is Dead is an action game developed by the mind of Suda 51. You play as Mondo, an executioner for the government. His powers consist of using blood to slow down the enemy and slice them in half with his blade, dodging at fast speeds, having a hand that can turn into multiple weapons, and  a partner that can revive him. If you played No More Heroes the game plays kinda like it, just without the motion controls attached.The main game missions and gigolo missions combine can be beaten within about six hours. The game is fairly short but very replayable with multiple difficulties to keep things fresh and fun. I can definitely recommend the game to anyone that loves a good hack n' slash adventure.The only complaints I have are with a few of the annoyances such as audio cutting in and out in one semi-important cutscene and the camera being a bit cumbersome when the action gets very fast paced."
76561198014242216,Recommended,261110,10252258,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Murder Toys,I am really enjoying the game and for 19.99 you can t go wrong
,Recommended,261110,10233312,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Wimsey,"Great game with great sound, artstyle and gameplay."
76561198066370364,Recommended,261110,11059893,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Based Savage,"Just beat it and this game is officially on my list of favorite games. Got it for a steal on the summer sale too. Going to attempt a playthrough on the hardest difficulty. A must buy, for sure."
,Recommended,261110,10245920,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lupus Uncia,"You'll either love it not it seems. But warning to all, you should be wary to purchase this, as a number of those who bought it are having issues with the game. I would wait to see if a patch comes out before purchasing.Aside from that, KID is a great game."
76561198064975229,Recommended,261110,10247953,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,"Starving, send Chicken","Easy to understand, simple control scheme, but a good hacknslash nonetheless.solid 7/10story is a little wack what with the japs and their weird♥♥♥♥♥obssessions with the moon"
,Recommended,261110,10262830,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,BOT ri ri,Absolutely recommended!
76561197966545430,Recommended,261110,10321844,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,kristoffer964,"Killer is Dead is a good introduction to Suda51 bizarre game library. It keeps a good balance of being weird and surreal, but at the same time it's still a very solid game with good gameplay mechanics. Does it have a deep and strange story as Killer7? No, but it does have some of its strange elements without being too weird. Does it have the deep gameplay mechanics as ""Bayonetta"" or ""God of War""? No, but the mechanics is still solid and fun enough without sacrificing the game story.So overall, it's a good game with a quirky story and fun gameplay all for a good price. A highly recommended game for someone who wants a different kind of game."
76561198059780567,Not Recommended,261110,26552359,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,robot992,Game crashes again and again..tried a fix once and it started working and now it started crashing again...just unenjoyable.
,Not Recommended,261110,19114285,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,infantMajesty,"Excellent idea, poor execution, mind numbing voiceover.Could be greater."
,Recommended,261110,11277788,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,youtube.com/thehenhousegaming,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hS1t8j3StiIVery cool stylistic game.
12346455873453637,Not Recommended,261110,31190782,Posted: 16 April,all,^6The ^3Ramen ^6Lord,"Gonna make it quick and simple, if you dont have a controller that works for this game, DONT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,261110,27576198,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Khalid Rasta,"If u like Japanise stuff, this is game for u. U welcome"
,Recommended,261110,25711921,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},one of the best stylish sword game
,Recommended,261110,10222311,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,goka9696,"5 hours if you play on easy difficulty.Impossible to complete even a single level on nightmare difficulty.Can't jump.No combos.Style.Main character looks like he is from Black butler aka Kuro♥♥♥♥♥uji.Has upgrades.If you don't upgrade your katana speed you attack like the game is in slow-mo. Except that your enemies are actually fast.Good slasher game.9/10, don't forget to put it on 60 fps and fix Mika tickets or whatever this thing is called issue"
,Not Recommended,261110,22421890,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,5M0k1N,"An otherwise good game ruined by some design flaws, like the fact that there's an item that basically lets you 1 hit everything with no penalty whatsoever. Makes you question why they even bothered making such an intricate combat system in the first place."
,Recommended,261110,30394286,Posted: 8 March,all,Slayze ツ,"One of the best hack-and-slash games of all time, need I say more?"
76561197998851748,Recommended,261110,10241428,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,"Agro, Died, Etc.","In the name of the moon, I will SLASH AND TEAR YOU!"
,Not Recommended,261110,29436658,Posted: 22 January,all,djayard,"Not really enjoying my experience with this game. The main-gameplay is a bit unforgiving in that: the dodge intervals for unblockable attacks can be tight,  some enemies don't seem to telegraph their attacks, and all enemies are capable of attacking from out of frame. Additionally, the sub-missions/mini-games aren't particularly fun.The game has some amateurish design issues. The challenge maps (aka Scarlet Challenges) do not have a restart option once you've begun. More than once, I had a bug where the game wouldn't register that I wasn't holding the Right-Trigger. There are some unskippable sceness. And, the difficulty achievements are not cummulative. (Beating all main missions on Very Hard doesn't unlock the achievements for beating it on Normal and Hard).The money/difficultly system in the game also seems a little broken. It's possibly to farm money rather quickly by repeating short missions on the hardest difficulty. (The hardest difficulty is immediately available without you having to complete the game on normal, hard, or very hard). The money allows you to take shortcuts in upgrading your character.As for the story and voice-acting, the story isn't bad, but it's presented in a disjointed style. You start the game with practically no context for your actions, and the story fills in blanks here and there. The voice-acting is a bit too close to anime; no one sounds ordinary in the game, and one character in particular has a very high voice.Graphically, the game has lots of style, but the enemy designs and special effects can sometimes make it hard to see. On that note, the game lacks a lock-on feature, and the camera and auto-target systems in the game aren't particularly good. Another graphics issue is that the game runs at 30fps by default, and you can't change that while the game is running.Overall, the game feels clunky."
,Recommended,261110,10242039,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Homer Sailor Navy Man,"Once you tweak it to run at 60 fps it's a game I'd recomend to anyone. Except for the menus, the game is a great and beautiful PC port!"
,Recommended,261110,10506254,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,DanceBicthOrDie,You get to ride a magical unicron and the story makes no sense whatsoever 10 doritos locos tacos/ 10 with highest praise Suda51.
,Recommended,261110,10254724,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"Like hack n slash games? then pick this the ♥♥♥♥ up.This was my first suda 51 game so the artstyle and story really caught me off guard, but none the less still very enjoyable. Will most likley pick up No more heros and killer 7 soon.This game has Gigalo missions...GIGALO MISSIONS, why dont you wanna be a man ♥♥♥♥♥ by now?This game should be played on HARD for the first playthrough, otherwise itll turn more into a button masher than it already is.Make sure to also play this at 60 FPS (there are fixes to acouple of glitches)."
,Recommended,261110,10294347,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kappa The Friendly Ghost,Such dep plotz bet u dont evin get it... -_-
,Recommended,261110,13993992,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Elly,BOOBSPANTIESANIMESGIRLSCUPCAKESFRENCH GIRLS
76561198000895832,Not Recommended,261110,33203654,Posted: 3 July,all,Thundercleez,Atrocious port that regularly freezes up so bad your PC will require a reboot. Gameplay is also consistently laggy.
76561198053061255,Not Recommended,261110,21092432,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Guri,I feel like I am wasting by playing this game. So I uninstalled it. Best decision ever.
,Recommended,261110,16122569,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Super Saiyan Swag,swag
,Recommended,261110,29930963,Posted: 14 February,all,Gem323,good game
,Not Recommended,261110,28706469,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SovRain,"I'm sure people will complain I didn't give this thing a fair chance but really I just wasn't hooked. The art style is certainly interesting but I was expecting something a little deeper and more visceral in combat. Can't recommend to anyone who's looking for a Devil May Cry meets Deadly Premonition experience.Also am I remembering those ""dating"" sequences correctly? God damn those man. Less said the better... For shame."
76561198067643155,Not Recommended,261110,12782699,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Moon Moon,"Overhated , bad soundtrack (reminds me of  grand tursimo ... i mean yeah this hack and slash have a f**** race game soundtrack) i thoug the ideia here was to copy bayonetta (HUGE FAIL) , WHY can`t anyone just copy ps2`s H&S like samurai 20XX or drakengard jesus..."
,Not Recommended,261110,25357892,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Intuition5,I was drawn in because it was different. I asked for a refund because it was just not good. The English voice acting is horrible. The game play is boring and this game feels rough and unfinished.Great potential but not fun for me.
,Recommended,261110,23509467,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,a depressed middle aged man,im not dead
,Recommended,261110,10222810,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,HappyZavulon,A SUDA51 game on PC is always a good thing.
76561198107779127,Recommended,261110,34793100,Posted: 7 September,all,toammar2006,Good Game......👍
,Not Recommended,261110,10210814,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Adept Pardoner,Flat out doesn't work. Crashes regularly opening the second level. There doesn't seem to be anyway around it. Watch the cutscene? Game crashes. Skip the cutscene? Game crashes. Impossible to play. Going to demand a refund. Flat out BROKEN.
76561198089593851,Not Recommended,261110,12442497,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sub-0NT,"Ok, the game itself is alright for it's genre, hack'slash it could be fun. But what I don't get is what's freaking wrong with buttons? I mean Enter works only at the beginning and afterwards this funtion is executed by M1 all of the sudden where select is on keyboard, how could anyone f**k up such a simple thing???? And other totally wierd stuff but most of what spoils the game play is that you won't be able to remap the KEYS and for game which relies heavily on timing, combos n' stuff is issential like hell, wtf where they thinking? What's the big deal to have it like Batman Arkham games have? Make an extra menu for remapping and that's it. Same freaking issue with Dark Souls, one should be warned before buying a game where you are unable to remap buttons properly or at all, it should be like written on it with HUGE LETTERS, 'cause that matters a freaking lot, image playing every game only on default, why even bother with having keys remapped, let's drop this funktion at all, Jesus mother of God."
76561197977904240,Recommended,261110,30375004,Posted: 7 March,all,Purified Cateye,"Meh, a bit to much video sequence or. . . wait the main char have Alucard's voice from Hellsing Anime or =) noice! . . . and i can give the npc's sexy outfits dafuq >.<* i like anime : D"
,Recommended,261110,11550015,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dokam,The Review...Killer is Dead
,Recommended,261110,10242184,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Shampuck,"Suda's games are always intriguing. Killer is Dead's hero Mondo Zappa has a pretty hard life!!!! In between traveling the world in search of love, he has to kill countless creatures, humans, and even face his own nightmares on a regular basis...."
,Recommended,261110,27662024,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EcchiPantsu,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,261110,21847994,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Crazy Gudako,"Easily the worst hack and slash game I've played in my life.  Beyond the fact that its PC port is disastrous, the actual gameplay is a shambled abortion of bad concepts.  The player character controls clunkily, awkwardly, his combos have little actual 'oomf' and don't interupt the most basic of grunts.  Each swing of his sword is slow, awkward, and just terribly unimpressive.The bizzare thing is that this awkwardness actually makes the game 'harder'.  A large portion of the game is blocking and dodging just in time.  Now, not a big deal typically- long term ninja gaiden and DMC player here.  The problem is that enemy attacks lack any sort of rhythm or pacing.  They swing like old men, not hardened combatants, so if you block/dodge when you feel you should be hit- it'll be too soon.  You cannot start the dodge at the beginning of the swing, you have to wait, and it just feels terrible.Perhaps the most egregious part however is the boss fights.  The first one is perhaps one of the worst I have ever seen in a game.  The boss is 'deadly' because her attacks do ludicrous amounts of damage, not that they're interesting or hard to dodge.  While they have a better pace than the common mooks, the real issue is the overall combination of phases. After emptying her life-bar, nothing happens. You can't damage her anymore.  The game gives no indication that the only way to continue on to the next phase is to wait until you knock her down, then perform a finisher. You'll spend a minute swinging away at someone who should be dead without any progress.  Then you repeat this three times until you reach her 'final form'.  All she does is cling to the ceiling and shoot down lttiel insects- these insects, beyond having a terrible block timing, are not stumbled when you attack them. If you attack them directly, you'll get hit and have over a tenth of your health taken out.It's not hard, it's just not fun.  The whole thing is repetitive and down to repeating the same thing endlessly.  Worse, the actual combo options for his sole main weapon are more limited than Nero from DMC or any Ninja Gaiden weapon.  It's terrible.Please do not buy this game. Even when it's on sale for 80% off, it wasn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,261110,33372059,Posted: 8 July,all,Lajszi,"No lock on, terrible camera, 30 fps lock.Also the ""stylish"" art is more like pitch black nonsense."
76561198077860680,Not Recommended,261110,25398509,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,I.D.P.D. TerminAtor,"Well, this game is a joke.. Such a bad port, bad voice acting, bad level design, bad flow of events, laggish cutscenes and ultimately it is a 30 fps action game.  Anything to praise in this game would be the style and of course the bevy of hot girls this game showers you with. I am going to finish this game since I bought it, luckily heavily discounted.  Let see how far those pretty virtual girls can motivate me to play.....yawn...."
76561198211459281,Not Recommended,261110,28934985,Posted: 2 January,all,wolf5665,I don't understand how anyone is supposed to beat this game when its pretty much impossible to mash m1 or x and win for some reason.
,Not Recommended,261110,28699755,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Reese,"I play on a gaming laptop, and as we all know with laptops, the screen's color gets distorted when viewing from the wrong angle. The game's cel-shaded design has the effect where it looks like the angle of the screen is off, which actually hurts my eyes.I thought getting it on sale was a great idea, until I played the story line. Not that I can't handle seeing blood effects or dialogue for ""your ears only"", it's definitely not my type of game.And if you don't like this game, it could be one of three reasons:1) It's not the hack/slash game you'd expect.2) The game's cel-shaded design lacks color and looks distorted.3) Execution of the storyline and how it's played out.Wasn't a big fan of slicing of a lady's legs, almost looking up her blouse, whilst being possessed by a demon, and with an assistant where her voice could substitute a dog whistle."
76561198030675929,Recommended,261110,25487613,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Glory Maelstorm,i really enjoy it
76561197971887513,Recommended,261110,34779789,Posted: 6 September,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/yJNm-F5VGY0
,Not Recommended,261110,18516121,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Garbage character action game.The artistic element are pretty cool, but and it has the core mechanics of what might make a good game, but there is almost no enemy variety, cut scenes dominate gameplay, and the combat itself is about as interesting as mashing a button.  There's no sense of damage on either side of the table, you will die arbitrarily or be a bullet sponge, as will enemies.On top of which, the ""character action"" isn't even interesting in a spectacle fighter capacity, with clumsy attack animations and long recovery delays.  Input windows being inconsistent, and the camera is almost always fighting against you.And if that wasn't enough, the game just throws button tutorial prompts at you in windows, constantly, filled with button inputs you cannot even do until later, with no new prompting.As an ""artistic piece"" it looks good, but it's cliche in almost every capacity.Run's fine, though.  Haven't noticed any problems with it, which I've read elsewhere.  Game fails entirely on its own merits.Ultimately, the problem with this game is that it's boring.EDIT:  The game just unsintalled itself."
,Not Recommended,261110,30495399,Posted: 13 March,all,dolan,"Pros:u will like it if ur a weeabooCons:30 fps lock.  (also if u unlock the framerate to 60 or whatever, the game may freeze or crash in certain missions)"
76561198256342456,Not Recommended,261110,26201631,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,theJAMSman,"This game had such a lackluster ending. The gameplay itself is unpolished, the story is convoluted, and it just isn't worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,261110,26127955,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pred,"A horrible Japanese piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm beginning to suspect that this is a product of brainwashing propaganda, all those colorful lights and a completely unintelligible story and dialogue that made my head hurt. Must've had some subliminal messages now drilled into my brain.Indeed, this game is like an autistic 3-year-old's fever dream, on magic mushrooms, and the trip wasn't pleasant.That's how much sense it made.""Why would she say that? That doesn't make any sense"" ""That's incredibly dumb"" ""Why did he do that? That doesn't make any sense"" ""What in the world is that?"" ""Only a child could come up with something like that""These are the thought that I kept on repeating to myself throughout the whole game. It started to become infuriating because I was in the belief that it would start making sense at some point. But I was wrong. Why would you make something like this? If it was a joke, it wouldn'tve been a funny one, just a strange one.But,The combat was fun overall, nothing special, but fun, which is what kept me going. The dodging mechanic was very unresponsive at times (dodging the completely wrong direction).The graphics still look pretty cool, which got me to buy this game. I don't really play hack n slash games, only some DmC, but that's it.So,TL;DRThe gameplay was entertaining, the story was so bad and unintelligible that I started skipping the cutscenes after about halfway of the game, I genuinely believed that I wasn't missing anything. This over-the-top-artistic-Japanese thing isn't really my thing.But the gameplay and the graphics were entertaining.I'd give it a 4/10"
,Recommended,261110,10209007,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,shpeep,No windowed mode/7
76561198107385672,Recommended,261110,10208804,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"It seems the game might be fun but what the hell with the commands ? Am I stupid and can't find the steps of tutorial or does the game have problems ?? I don't understand and am blocked in the room of Alice in wonderland....It seems that the commands related to the LB, RB, LT, RT, buttons  won't work yet.It seems the game really doesn't want to work well on my PC and it's quite frustrating because I feel I could have some fun with it..."
,Recommended,261110,10210766,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,UUDDLRLRBA,hmm how do i feel about killer is dead... well its a interesting game that tries to be different and for that i like it however i am slightly dissapointed i was excited for a pc release because i thought for sure it would have higher resolution textures and have a unlocked frame rate especially since it was delayed i thought they where refining the expirience making it better... well i was wrong its a direct console port complete with the same technical issues... yes you can ajdust the fps in the kidengine.cfg in the steam apps folder however this should not be a issue on a game that is over a year old and was delayed... also like i said before there are technical issues all over this game even after fixing the fps there are many times throughout the game where it will stutter and drop to 15-20 fps mostly in cutscenes and loading times but this is still annoying i thought they would iron this out.... but issues asside i enjoy the game and since i got it for $17.99 you get what you paid for and this feels no better then a cheap arcade game so its fun for the price
,Not Recommended,261110,20912043,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Nannou,People who enjoy this game should be ashamed of themselves.
76561198017502047,Not Recommended,261110,30896211,Posted: 2 April,all,Morty Smith,"this is posibly one of the worst games i've forced myself to try to play.  The only reason i'm keeping it in my library is as a reminder to  do more research on games before buying them.  ?Acting is awefulWriting is awefulPremise is awefulcharacter designs are typicalgame play is 90% dynasty warriors 10% annoyingthere seems to be no actual storythe characters are painfully clicheif a close friend of mine considered this game, i'd give them a dollar not to get it."
,Not Recommended,261110,10212697,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Ixillius,"I tend to not get buyers remorse often but this is certainly one case where I'd wish I could stop myself from buying it. The game suffers from a wide arange of bugs which have made it near impossible to enjoy.But that is not the only reason this game is a letdown for me. The chapter select left me without any way to exit the game. Forcing me into a mission to return to main menu and quit the game from there.The characters are insanely bland and the story has some very wierd ways of presenting itself. The first 2 chapters seem to just slap cutscene to cutscene without any real pacing to what is going on.Cheap puzzle mechanics and repeated dialogue/cutscene break the immersion while the ""finishers"" on the bosses infuriate.The combat system is reasonable although a tad heavy on the button mashing, the real problem with the combat system is the lack of a lock on feature for the ranged weaponry.All things considered I'd have to say this game would be alright if the bugs got resolved but as a whole falls flat on its behind."
76561198153456084,Not Recommended,261110,26446294,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ChildBeater,"cool vibe and art style, but the controls and story confusing. And the gameplay is repetative."
,Not Recommended,261110,30995172,Posted: 7 April,all,wyulf,"when you first start playing killer is dead, it feels almost like a chore; the action is slow, punctuated by the story, which is pretty much incoherent drivel, going from one end to another, trying very hard to be artistic, but failing just as impressively, as the game looks graphically. there's also plenty of cutscenes, and frankly, quite pointless dialogues between gameplay, which just adds to more loading time, or walking around aimlessly between the transitions, and it makes it all quite a frustrating experience. of course, after going through it once, you'd be very inclined to just skip them all on your following playthrough if any, and it's then that your experience with the game will get better.the action starts off slow, but as you unlock more moves and abilities, it's in essence, quite fun to play. again, however, it is marred by constant cutscenes which sometimes stifles the action and excitement. but, as i've mentioned, it'll go away a bit once you start skipping the cutscenes altogether.what you cant skip however, are cutscenes in the fairly blatant fan service 'gigolo' missions. these missions themselves serve no more purpose than a silly distraction, but at the same, it's forced onto you as you need to go through them to acquire/unlock certain weaponary. it's tedious to say the least, and upon repeating it, you'd soon realize that despite the fact you're pretty much witnessing the same nothingness, you dont have an option to skip it either.all in all, this game fails to live up to suda51's standards. nonsensical story, with inane gigolo missions, and to pile on to the shortcomings, they even threw in an obnoxious and irritating sidekick to entertain you. as if the main character spouting the line 'killer is dead' all the time, completely irrelevant, and out of context, is not bad enough. the action itself is not too bad, and is honestly quite fun, but not quite up to the par to the other stylish action games like the devil may cry series for example.if you like to see scantily clad women, but not too bothered by storylines, or refined action, then you could do a lot worse than this. if you could pick this up on a massive discount (i got it on sale, under usd2 i think?), then i suppose it can be a good-value mildly entertaining game to kill some time with. otherwise, you definitely could do a lot better than killer is dead."
,Not Recommended,261110,26061616,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rocky.,Imagine a world where Suda51 was capable of making mechanically competent games.
,Not Recommended,261110,32172173,Posted: 4 June,all,Lucifer 💤,"The game was fun, WAS fun at the start. After a while the graphics gets really annoying the gameplay is the same old same old, it has a lot of bugs. It's not worth $20, I bought the game on sale for 50 cents. I wouldn't pay more then $5 for the game. I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198067441838,Not Recommended,261110,33096919,Posted: 1 July,all,Light,Unfortunately I can't give a decent review of the game as it now wont run.At first it started but then at the logos dropped to about 3 fps and then in trying to fix this it now just wont start at all.I really wish i could review this game on it's gameplay but i cant even get to that!P.s I know it isnt my laptop as it easily meets the recommended specs.
76561198018443943,Not Recommended,261110,29932190,Posted: 14 February,all,Cadis Etrama Di Raziel,Pros:+ Mysterious world+ Curiously bizarre+ Fun boss concepts+ Enjoyed the challenge overall+ Interesting character designCons:- Too short- Convoluted story- Combat should have had more dept- Menu navigation is so slow- Graphics are very bare bone- Some missions/task were boringC+
,Not Recommended,261110,26138272,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,moog,Killer Is Dead Is An Anime Game
76561198028549311,Recommended,261110,12603877,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Zeal,"Damn 8 bucks, you would be a fool not to."
,Recommended,261110,18705675,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Casual,"Love it, especially the art style and voice acting....Kinda like DmC...almost excatly like it..."
76561198088047016,Recommended,261110,12317249,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,captainkuroi,Awesome. 9/10 would buy again
76561197964863427,Not Recommended,261110,26060892,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kamamura,"Well, it's said that fifty thousands monkeys with typewriters will eventually type all Shakespeare's plays, given enough time. But before they get there, they will probably produce a lot of gibberish, similar to what you will find in this title.How to best summarize it? Pompous, pretentious, garish, oversaturated, mediocre button-mashing hell. On 1920x1080, the resolution looks like upscaled from 1280x720. Everything is blurry, the colors hurt the eyes, the 30FPS make the action choppy. It's just like Salvator Dali, only vulgar and ham-fisted. Nothing makes any sense whatsoever, the combat is uninspired mashing in boring coridors, the enemies repeat over and over again.I got it cheap, but still... for a gaming legend Suda51 supposedly is, I have expected something at least half coherent."
,Recommended,261110,12601324,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,fffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu,totaly omsk 10/10
76561198308872128,Not Recommended,261110,33039481,Posted: 30 June,all,caesar zipline,this game is actually♥♥♥♥♥♥ i ♥♥♥♥ing wanted to play it but episode 3 has a glitch that u cant ♥♥♥♥ing fix
,Recommended,261110,30365175,Posted: 6 March,all,guyanermanator,IT IS GREAT
76561198346513032,Not Recommended,261110,28573947,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kass the bird,can't play ep 3 every time i get on please fix it
76561198069392626,Recommended,261110,30323433,Posted: 4 March,all,IDKblu,Its alright.
,Not Recommended,261110,30411678,Posted: 9 March,all,Bethofenex,"The game is horribly ported.It has fps stutter,30 fps lock and bugs that make the game unplayable.Don't buy it even if it's on sale."
76561198017042464,Not Recommended,261110,34823693,Posted: 8 September,all,gordon110,"Impossible to set the keys like you want them....unplayable ..waste of money, even on sale..!!"
,Not Recommended,261110,23230165,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Styleshift,Boring. There are better games on Steam to spend your money on. I recommend the broken DMC3 port over this.
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,261110,29714570,Posted: 5 February,all,^7ja^1co,"Worst looking in game menu ever, accompanied by the most idiotic and unintuitive controls in the said menu.Gameplay wise - not much better, very weird way of progressing, missions lasting a minute at the early stages, some psychodelic elements that don't really play well together with horrible music and sounds...shame cause graphical style is not that bad.Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,261110,30388658,Posted: 8 March,all,LegendOfGamer,its $3 and its still mehThere are also game breaking bugs that prevent you from playing the game if you're unlucky.
,Not Recommended,261110,25963946,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Purple Rain,"Killer is Deadmore like...Sound is Dead bruhNot a good pc port, the sound stopped working so early in the game"
,Not Recommended,261110,30414075,Posted: 9 March,all,S U C C,Just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hack and slash game with mouse smoothing.
,Not Recommended,261110,31446850,Posted: 29 April,all,John the Dangerously Edgy Meme,"I LOVE button mashing!!! HOLY CRAP IT'S THE BEST!!!! I WANT ALL GAMES TO BE LIKE THIS, WHERE HALF OF A BOSS BATTLE IS MASHING A!!!!!Seriously tho David was enough to make me quit this game. This is probably better suited for console, which I might get should I find it in a bargain bin, but as for this PC port I'd pass."
76561198040053709,Not Recommended,261110,32018022,Posted: 28 May,all,AenaoS,controls wont change. unplayble due to lazy port transferance. i regret buying it even for a measly amount of euros
,Not Recommended,261110,32908173,Posted: 27 June,all,T7nowhere,Art style is cool at first. Looks great in screenshots. Story and voice acting are horrible. Gameplay started to get better once all the buttons were unlocked at the third mission. I couldn't play more than 30 minutes before I hated the game. I want a refund! not worth $3.29 that I paid.
,Not Recommended,261110,32016862,Posted: 28 May,all,hotmatrixx,Some dude wrote a review for this game. The only things that I have to add about it are that1. The story makes no sense.2. The HacknSlash is just straight up button mashing = win.3.Read this.it's all you need to know.
76561198077536511,Recommended,261110,10208426,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,darksword,niceeeeee
,Not Recommended,261110,32413732,Posted: 14 June,all,Amzerz,$hit
,Not Recommended,261110,29794228,Posted: 8 February,all,Yer Ma,his head is too small and the black looks weird
,Not Recommended,261110,32266044,Posted: 8 June,all,waFffflllles,games awful. my weeb friend said it was good he was wrong.
,Not Recommended,261110,23129752,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,moonlight,This game wasnt for me.ːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ːːgreen8ː
,Not Recommended,261110,30119000,Posted: 23 February,all,sch Jon Cp,Killer is Meh
,Not Recommended,261110,23128772,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
76561198107654404,Not Recommended,261110,26495977,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,nOnsense,weird af
,Not Recommended,261110,30381204,Posted: 7 March,all,🎉,"☑ Price 2,99€ (Steam sale)☒ Vvvvvvvvvvery bad slasher (boring with typical gameline: bosses, fight grades etc.)☒ It seems that skills do not work after upgrade☒ Character stearing and moves (also hotkeys cant b edited)☒ It is not fun and enjoyable☒ Refunded."
,Not Recommended,261110,28277412,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Conceited Guy,this game is completely awful. garbage
,Not Recommended,261110,32965343,Posted: 28 June,all,DAMN THATS NUTTY BRO,"Suda51 continues to pump out total trash after the amazing Killer 7 and No More Heroes. Expect generic hack and slash with no combos and an even more incoherent plot than what you would expect. The PC port is also horrendous, but what could you really expect from chinks."
,Recommended,261110,11799391,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,-AW- Adretheon,"This is another way out there game by this studio, and if you like just flat out ridiculous games then this is for you. The gameplay is pretty fluid and the game as a whole stands up nicely. If you're the kind of gamer who likes to test their limits in difficulty then this is a game for you. It can get really tough on Nightmare difficulty.However, I would almost not recommend this for the camera alone. The Devs make a fatal mistake that a lot of Devs make when it comes to hack and slash cameras. One of two things should happen: You make the camera a set angle and don't move it around(semi God of War style), or you give a free camera and let the camera go through walls. This game opts for the free cam, which is smart, but the camera won't go through walls. When the camera is positioned inside a wall it slowly rotates around the player to a better point. This will cause aa headache since most of the rooms in the game are very small. Mostly it's ok, but there are some really bad areas where this is a game killer.Aside from that the game wasn't bad. I didn't use any of the other hand extensions aside from the gun, so I felt the others were lackluster. Again, it's still a zany fun game worth looking at."
,Not Recommended,261110,12114977,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Zengineer,I was having fun until I couldn't beat the first boss because I couldn't button smash fast enough.It is a very pretty game though.
76561198000646313,Recommended,261110,12124984,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Jaggedjaw,"Hella lot of Fun, controll are little hard to get used to but once you get the rhythm, then its fun as hell. the upgrades are actually worth getting on this game."
,Recommended,261110,12065818,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Kyuu,"Suda51 is love.""Romancing"" girls is life.Killer is dead.+ Artstyle/humor+ Decently fun reaction based hack and slash gameplay with counter/parrying system (similar to DMC)+ Really fun boss fights+ Pantsu+ Character that looks like xerxes with a crown+ Dual audio- Dem Jaggies- Dat console port- Unable to fully rebind controls"
,Recommended,261110,21416725,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,「Blake Belladonna」,"Aside from the fan service, the battle system seems to be nice like a mixture ofDevil May CryandMetal Gear Rising Revengeance.The ending part was a bit of acliffhanger. So, I'm hoping for asequelor something like that.But at the end of the day, it's the fan service that matters the most. Aye?Rating:9/10"
,Recommended,261110,20470048,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,NaThan,"The main character is a vile, shallow, hollow and delusional shell of a human being who prays for death. 8/10 it's hilarious."
76561198108894778,Not Recommended,261110,21496992,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Besenstiel!,"maybe i dont get the point of the fighting system, but i think its pretty bad. Iget when i am behind an enemy, they often throw multiple enemys in to fight me (which is a horrible way to make fights harder) and i have no idea how to regenerate health, because the game doesnt explain it to me."
76561198117667951,Recommended,261110,17083714,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Hemwick,awesome.
,Recommended,261110,17965372,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mr. Laava,Love it!
,Recommended,261110,17965400,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Summilerx,"""this game is only $5. i'll try it out for a few minutes""*THE BEST HOUR OF MY LIFE LATER*""i love you Mika""10/10 would furiously beat keyboard and mouse againalso...Mika performing CPR is the funniest thing ever!"
76561197991805974,Recommended,261110,17965797,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,KILLAZZ701,Excellent game and a great challenge
76561198118206384,Recommended,261110,17965946,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Reip4eto,The best game from this class!Buy iT!!!!
76561198047900573,Recommended,261110,17959918,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Espen,This game is awsome. the graphics are are not so good however the gamplay is a solid 10/10. The game is also very funny and wierd. I spent way to much time running up and down some stairs made of piano keys to make music and I even saw a unicorn. The story of the game probably would have made more sence if I was high as f**k. I would say this game is a solid 8/10 if you are not to picky about graphics
,Recommended,261110,17962381,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,thirsty plant,"Katanas, Jazz, and well endowed women.Couldn't get any classier."
76561198007796870,Recommended,261110,17964679,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,MEF RAWLINS,"This is a pretty awesome hack and slash style game. Its made by Deep Silver, who took over the Saints Row series. Being from such a big developer, I wasn't let down at all. The artwork takes on a Borderlands/No More Heroes style theme, and the gameplay is fluid. There are only a few issues with graphics, resolution, and FPS. The game is locked at 720p/30 FPS. There are no in game options to change these settings. You can only run 1080p in windowed mode. You can change this by editing the game engine settings. Besides that small flaw, the game is pretty solid. Grab it on sale like I did. You can find it for four bucks sometimes."
,Recommended,261110,17978841,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ZANOSAN,"I first played a Suda51 game on the Wii, new the style and the crazy story that go with Suda51.  So when I played Killer is Dead, I am happy to be saying that it is awesome!  Such a great reliever!"
,Not Recommended,261110,17952540,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Racist Waffle,Stuck on infinite loop on Ep.3Have to use a hex editor to fixmouse is kinda annoying to use and no option to adjustRun into walls many timesmeh i give it a 9/11
76561198062602682,Recommended,261110,17952754,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jamespl97,"if you like adult swim comics, this game is for you . adult humor,blood ,violents,good combat with sword. entertainting story line i give 5 stars."
76561198059358921,Recommended,261110,17951244,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,hightime1011,The game is must own.   Twisted  fate anyone.    Fantastic story.  Game play is awesome!
,Recommended,261110,17969022,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Amakusa,"fantastic visuals, great  bluster and dialog, gameplay that is fun as well as rewarding for learning parry timing plus tons of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ must buy"
,Recommended,261110,18037986,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,the cheeked god,solid
,Recommended,261110,18047784,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Stuffy 🍌,"For every bit of gameplay there are 2 cutscenes. The dating part is funny once and like all hack and slash it gets repetitive early on. Still, you can't go wrong with getting it cheap for a few laughs. And Maki is soooooooooooooooooooooo goddamn annoying"
,Not Recommended,261110,17513680,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ironballs McFistPunch,"overall pretty boring, uninteresting story, blech"
76561198071742249,Not Recommended,261110,17520454,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Forge,"I like the graphic rendering, but the gameplay is really sloppy, plus the the story telling is terrible."
76561198069224857,Recommended,261110,17954672,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,organicpeach,literally middle of the road in every respect.
76561198134255796,Recommended,261110,17962221,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,Very unique and entertaining game 9/10.
76561198036335718,Recommended,261110,17964288,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,kongujake,"During just the first few hours of gameplay, I asked the question, ""What the #$@& is this game?"" more times than I cared to count.The WTF's and OMG's are nonstop: Intense gore, awesome combat, impossible enviroments, weird Japanese dating missions, disturbing bosses, breakages of the fourth wall, unique art, badass moves, and impeccable style.A game anyone is sure to remember their time with, and enjoy as an off-the-wall hack-and-slash.9.5/10"
76561198108930413,Recommended,261110,17963486,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Alruna Sky,"Been a fan of SUDA51 for a while now. The style that is put into this is pretty good.  Makes me feel like I am playing a Tarantino movie.  Game play is pretty simple but still fun to play.  All and all, if you are a fan of SUDA51, then you should already have it :)"
,Recommended,261110,18082351,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Purple_storm,"BIG WARNING BEFORE YOU BUY!From what I've seen, it's a japanese game doing what it does best; big flashy action, charming over-the-top hammy acting and of course, weeabo/big boobed woman, it's all great, however this is a classic case of a bad PC port, technical hitches-a-plenty which you'll have to do some first-hand work to correct.This includes a dead framerate cap of 30, audio cuts out for certain devices (mine was my headphones but works just fine on my TV), resolution seems to be stuck at 720p, graphics options are as basic as it can get (a selection of low to high) and if I remember correctly, non-rebindable keys and finally I believe a loading screen was stuck in a endless loop which is where I ended my session.You can fix most of this at the PC gaming wiki:http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Killer_Is_Dead#High_frame_rateOtherwise I'd say buy it."
,Recommended,261110,30534083,Posted: 15 March,all,Reveal Your Meat,"It's DMC meets Gungrave meets Cowboy Bebop.A silly, sometimes serious experience, with an interesting tone and a blazing-fast pace.Gameplay is fun and exciting, though a little repetitive. While the main campaign may feel a little short, there's plenty of side-quests and challenges, as well as the leaderboards, for those who want replayability.Sadly suffers from classic Bad Port Syndrome. The way this game comes out of the box is absolutely atrocious, and some modifications are required to get the full experience.Every player should ramp up the FPS to 60 through the configs, and use their driver settings to force max anti-aliasing and texture filtering. Seriously, out of the box this game looks severely dated and very trashy, but with these simple, easy changes, Killer is Dead looks deliciously slick and stylish, with some absolutely stunning set pieces.The camera can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ at times, and the shading, while pretty, can cause some stages to melt into amorphous brown blobs that are difficult to navigate.Be warned, the story is EXTREMELY esoteric and very little is explained; you'll have to read between the lines a great deal, and likely go and research the lore online if you want to grasp even half of what is going on. Nevertheless, the plot is dramatic, fun and engaging.Absolutely worth picking up, though I'd reccomend waiting for a sale. Thoroughly enjoyed the experience and WILL be replaying it at harder difficulties."
,Recommended,261110,18000406,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Shidoteki™,-----------------------------------------------Amazing game10/10Amazing graphics......This is one of the best games I ever played.-----------------------------------------------
,Recommended,261110,17996798,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Xperimance,"F**k B****s, Get MoneyWhat more could you ask for?10/10 Would use my katana again for other than killing"
76561198103692349,Recommended,261110,18062391,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,haushalterjes,I killed 4 cat people while wielding a ninja sword and had an anime girl beat off my chest until I came back to life. 10/10
,Recommended,261110,18095341,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,crystalblisters,"Stylish, fast, and difficult, but way too short."
76561198018345149,Not Recommended,261110,17413049,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Arkham Knight,As an anime fan i wanted to like this and thought it looked cool on the video clips.Cons:-Awful plot/storyline made by people on mind altering drugs is awfulAwful console port is awfulGraphics and art style are awfulVoice acting and dialogue are awfulCamera controls are awfulWhen aiming with your gun you are limited to turning at snails pace = awfulPros :-Game has an exit buttonI bought it cheapHack and slash actionDo yourself a favour and skip this absolute rubbish and get Devil May Cry instead.
,Recommended,261110,30516649,Posted: 14 March,all,1nonly,"This is a very slick and stylish action game.  While it's not in the leagues of the best Devil May Cry games, it's not trying to be.  The story is meh, but the number of tools at your disposal during combat is worth the price of admission alone.  8/10"
,Recommended,261110,30515917,Posted: 14 March,all,Chicken Theory,"THIS REVIEW... GAMER IS DEADTHE PLOT IS DUMB*; but the slick art design, killer (ha) music, and cheesy cutscenes made the first playthrough enjoyable. Replaying stages and side missions for special items, however, may be discouraging and feel like a chore to some due to the strict grading system, expensiveness of these items, and annoying enemy types.While I personally appreciated the game as a whole, the intended audience is a bit confusing (much like the plot to a lesser extent), so I place a conditional recommendation on Killer is Dead. Veteran character action fans will want to think twice, as the movesets and overall difficulty are simpler than a Devil May Cry or Platinum game. Those who are seeking another killer7 by the developer will be underwhelmed by the lightweight themes and symbolism, although the plot is more involving than what is typical of the genre (which may not be saying much).If you ever wondered to yourself ""Gee, it would sure be nice if there was a character action game whose plot was absurd as killer7 but with the B-movie-like cutscenes of Resident Evil 4"", well, it's not to the same degree as either one, but this game is as close as you are going to get.SUMMARY:plot = dumb, combat = okay.VERDICT:Mondo is hot / 10* !!! SPOILERS: SIDE NOTE ABOUT THIS GAME AND SPEC OPS: THE LINE'S STORY THEMES !!!There were a couple throwaway lines about action game fans that I wish could have been expounded on throughout the game as a legitimate meta theme à la Spec Ops: The Line's critique of military shooter games/gamers.!!! END OF SPOILERS -- CONGRATULATIONS !!!P.S. The mini-game is dumb, yes. It could have been an opportunity for actual character development à la Persona 3 & 4's Social Links, but nope, it's just dumb."
,Recommended,261110,17531664,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,BLACK ARM GUY,rip all
,Recommended,261110,17310668,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,MORPHEUS,"This one's a late bloomer, it feels like a real slog until the 5th level. After that the combat and level design become much more enjoyable.It's a good hack n' slash type action game, there's only one attack button (the other three buttons are dodge/block, guard break, and the action button), but there's more to the combat than there appears to be on the surface. It's a Suda51 game so the boss fights are great, although there are a few that are trivialized by dodging.There's a fully developed story for this game, which you are only told half of for the sake of being ambiguous. Mondo is a good main character, and wanting to see him interact with the world ends up being the main incentive to progress the story.The side missions are important since they help beat the Mondo Girls missions, and beat those levels because that's how you get sub-weapons.I beat the game on hard mode, it took about 10 hours at a leisurely pace. If you like the combat you'll get your money's worth in content.Don't forget to edit the .ini file, that's important."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,261110,17318530,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MMG Man,"This game overall is very unique, but I would say the gamplay is rather boring and not very exciting.  In addiiton the story is quite bizzare and not very gripping.  The game focuses on replayablity and scoring your performance per level, this would be great if I actually wanted to replay the game..."
,Recommended,261110,15059625,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ミンティ,Very good game must buy :)
,Recommended,261110,17575103,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TheLegendOfW,"Killer Is Dead is a fun game with unique visuals that make it stand out from other games I've played. The combat mechanics are good, but could of used a bit more work on the troubling camera angles. The PC port is locked at 30fps, which kinda sucks as one would of liked it to be at 60 on PC, making this somewhat of a lazy port.Bosses were pretty kool and with a new difficulty mode, you'll probably find them more challenging. The mini games more be on the adult side, but hey, this really isn't supposed to be for children anyway. Sound effects are spot on and overall the game showed an interesting story that was fun to follow.Check this game out of you are into hack and slash games that are flashy and have that cool sense of style."
,Recommended,261110,17599124,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Curesave,画质与其他游戏不同，不过却有着不同的引人之处
,Recommended,261110,17947615,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Blattdorf,"Fun game with a weird vibe. Not overly technical, more like a spectacle.My only gripe is that the Nightmare mode is broken. Imagine restarting a level just to be forced to go through two-three loading screens. And you're going to be restarting a lot."
,Recommended,261110,17990095,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Scara,"Patrick Bateman works with Nick Fury and that girl from your middle school who always wore cat ears to school to eliminate a series of horrifically grotesque supernatural creatures with the help of his Megaman arm cannon and Nothin Anti-Personnel kid Katana. Along the way he will make new friends and ♥♥♥♥ a lot of scantily clad women.If you like Hack n' Slash games this is pretty good as they go. You just have to have a pretty high tolerance for weird. Which I happen to actually love, so I'm enjoying it quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,261110,17967840,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,randomkun,"Can't pass 3 chapter. Game is deadly bugging. I just can't pass the phonecall, trigger doesn't work."
,Recommended,261110,17967935,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,GiaLoTa,"It has ♥♥♥♥♥on of flaws, optimization sucks♥♥♥♥♥and requires you to put some effort for this♥♥♥♥♥♥to work.KID is worth it though"
76561197968770193,Recommended,261110,17963823,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,John Stockton (#12),Only played 2.0 hours so far - killed hella dudes - Graphics aren't as cool as I thought they were going to be - but would kill again. Japanese voice overs with English sub titles is the only way to play it.Don't play it with the weak♥♥♥♥♥English dub. smh
,Recommended,261110,17960941,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,pakotilia,so addicting and finished it in one day11/10
,Recommended,261110,17957741,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,CooperTeam,"Killer Is Dead is a very bloody action/slasher game. You play a half cyborg/half samurai sword fighter. (It's a bit like ""Devil May Cry"") Using a comic book style cinematics to tell a story, you run around in rooms fighting off cybornetic monsters. You get paid with gems, which help you upgrade your character, and money. Each time you complete a room or chapter, you are given a rating on how you did and money based on how well you performed.Overall a fun game to play. Warning, it not ""Alt-Tab"" safe, At least not for me."
,Recommended,261110,17958014,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Patrick,"I really enjoyed this game.  However, the game is very Japanese, which either means you will like it more or like it less for the same reasons.  What this means to me is the story is weird, the graphics are very stylized, there are dating sim gameplay sections that don't fit the overall 3rd person action genre, the animation is a bit kludgy, most enemies are boring but a few bosses were interesting, and many other signs of a Japanese production.  For me, these things make the game interesting in its own way.If you liked Lollipop Chainsaw or Bayonetta you might really like this!"
76561198074850627,Recommended,261110,17977447,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,sam.felder,"It is entertaining. Kind of wish they went with a different art style. Mika is ridiculous, her personality should have been toned waaaaay down. I like hack and slash games and the combos are easy to learn and are fun to use. The diologue is ok, could have put more time into that. I'm five missions into the game and am really enjoying it (getting a little tired of zombie games). On the world map there is a mission 51 so I guess there is at least that many missions to complete. Each mission is fun to play. Oh and this has alot of fan service. I would definitely recommend this game so far!"
,Recommended,261110,17956337,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Adorea,"God this game is so weird, I LOVE IT"
76561198116574155,Recommended,261110,18007831,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Hermes,"Amazing game, need more like it. so far it kinda reminds me of Shadows of the damned in a way. wishing that it would come onto to steam but, meh maybe one day."
,Recommended,261110,18195146,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jake,"The Mission,KILLER IS DEAD.So I never write reviews, hell I never really played any hack and slashes before. But this game hooked me in the second I started playing it.It has a simple combat system, but has more advanced tricks you can do that make you both A) Make you feel like a true god damn executioner and B) Completely satisfied.The art is kind of iffy, it's all cel shaded and can be hard to look at in dark areas, but the game looks overall great.The port is absolutely great.And best of all for me, the story. It can be purely ""I don't know what tf is going on, but all I know is I have to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, or you can go back and look at the tiniest of details that make you go ""God damn. This game actually has a story, and it's interesting. I never once looked up a game's lore, not including Alan Wake (I still don't know what the hell happened in the ending of that game).Overall score for me; 7.5/10. It's simple fun that can leave you playing for hours, killing everything in your sight as you learn to hacl (and slash) through any opponent. Only time I felt bored was getting the 100k money achievement, but damn is it satisfying."
,Not Recommended,261110,18157645,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Colonel Crow,Dissapointed!
,Not Recommended,261110,17996284,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,@SLUG_FM,Cant get past lvl 3 because it gets stuck on the loading screen. I've been robbed of £2.99. AVOID!
,Not Recommended,261110,18179996,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,General Lee Aroused,"A pretty disappointing hack and slash game from Suda 51, with its terrible residual swinging camera controls, lack of a lock on feature, bad lip syncing, poorly done boss fights, and excessively long backswing attack animation (which cannot be canceled most of the time, its inconsistent).  I was actually really surprised this was originally released on PS3/360 as it looks comparable to a PS2 game graphics wise, I thought it was just its art style, but it was so inconsistent that it led me to believe otherwise.If you want a good hack and slash game, I'd recommend the old classic Devil May Cry, Bayonetta, or Metal Gear Rising. Hell, Kingdom Hearts is better than this, and more fun!"
,Recommended,261110,18487350,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Bazrey,"It's not got the best dub, or lip syncing, or the most coherent story, but the gaemplay is pretty solid and the world/monster designs are top notch, a great game to make you say ""what the actual ♥♥♥♥?"""
,Recommended,261110,18497960,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,friendly skies,beautiful
,Recommended,261110,12927385,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,-[Newizer]-,Hack'n Slash you would to buy :D- Great Voice Actors- Awesome Gameplay !- Great Action Motion- Crazy Storyline lol !100/10 !!
76561198116398173,Recommended,261110,18505778,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Brap Attack,great swordplay and i only payed $4 woo
,Not Recommended,261110,18540728,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Draco Draco Draco,"fairly fun game for the time it worked... after mission/episode 8 game has crashed and on every launch does not load to menu screen. Verified game files, deleted and re-downloaded still not working. Do not buy unless you like giving money away to only recieve nothing in return but wasted bandwidth and HD space. 0/10 as it does not work...."
,Recommended,261110,18137502,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,D,"I love everything about this game. Personally, it's got the best aesthetics of any game I've played thus far. Strongly recommend, though I must say, please disable the 30 fps lock.♥♥♥♥♥♥gave me a headache until I turned it off."
,Recommended,261110,17954752,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,gunsage,"Edit:  I am pleased to report that the game is finally working properly with a fix that you can find in the forums.  What I'm STILL annoyed about is it wasn't the developers that fixed this.  So on the one hand, that shows how awesome Steam users are, but on the other hand it shows how completely incompetent the development and QA team was for this title.They paid us absolutely no attention whatsoever for YEARS until we fixed it our damn selves.  So THAT sucks...but the game is pretty damn fun.  Bottom line, if you liked any of the previous Suda 51 games, know that this is like Killer 7, No More Heroes, and a bundle of dynamite all thrown in together.  It's messy, sexy, and awesome."
,Recommended,261110,18140932,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,CaucasianCrustacean,"I'm only at the second level and I'm on the moon, demolishing the fourth wall with the main villian.Can't ask for more than that."
,Recommended,261110,13603241,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BillTheBobCat,This game isssssss dope. Super slick combat. Super sick combat. Super sick babes. Super sick enemies. Super sick cast. Super sick puchase.
,Recommended,261110,13914816,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,NiceGuy,"Don't know what issue everyone else is having but my POS laptop has no problems.Great game, great art, really fun so far, looking forward to the rest"
76561198064499404,Recommended,261110,13860818,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LP-AllStar,Pretty cool game overall. You're basically a full time executioner and part time gigolo who's contracted by the government to kill space vampires.. or something.Fun hack and slash with a really unique art style. The game is art. It's art that you play.Just don't get too caught up in the incoherent plot.
76561198066408623,Recommended,261110,13363498,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Afvegaleiðir,"Great hack nd Slash game, with great fluid quick button smashing combat!...Tons of Japanese nonsense dialog in a wierd mutating enviroment, if thats your kind of thing then look no further.great game 8/10"
,Recommended,261110,13937038,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,GodSlayer,Worth my $7 not fully polished but it's ok.
,Recommended,261110,14087866,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zomdee,It's not horrible
76561198042328281,Recommended,261110,13566586,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Robjef93,"This is a game which requires serious research, i viewed all the pictures and thought, hey its a hack and slash with a bit of a story, sounds like fun. finish the first mission, ok its what it said it was......Loading Note:Give money to your beautiesLoading Note: Use the goggles to see Underwearwait what?- Yeah theres a dating function in this game, and you stare at peoples faces or something? and if you stare at underwear to long you fail, i think your a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or something (Gigolo). I can't wait for this feature to be added in Call of duty, Arma, Bastion, Half Life etc. next we're gonna have a pooping simulator."
,Recommended,261110,13517754,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Red harbyl,Everyone needs more suda51 in their life.
,Recommended,261110,13517804,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Yet another title from Grasshopper Manufacture where Suda51 isn't the Director.Getting real tired of seeing him in the 'executive director' role in all of Grasshopper Manufacture's recent titles. Don't get me wrong, the studio's games have gotten better from a 'gameplay' perspective since that, but that level of surrealism and funny writing that previous titles (Killer7, NMH) had is gone. Seems like it's a trade-off: Suda is either directing games and giving us more of his crazy juice with a side of 'meh' gameplay, or we're getting a diluted version of the juice with better gameplay.Guess where Killer is Dead falls in that spectrum?In typical Suda fashion, you play as a protagonist with a cool name: Mondo Zappa. Maybe not as cool as 'Travis Touchdown', but still somewhere in the same vicinity. Just like Travis, he's also an assassin with an organization anyway, so it's all the same. Only that this organization isn't some sort of 'league' where you climb ranks; rather, you go out and kill dudes and things 'corrupted' by dark energy coming from the moon. Filling out the anime cliche role is Mika, who couldn't be more out of ♥♥♥♥ing place in a game about assassins. ♥♥♥♥ I hate her.Combat consists of mashing your strike button and dodging enemies or blocking their attacks. The dodge and block button are the same key; hold to block or tap and move left or right to dodge. A properly timed dodge slows down time and lets you get a few hits in, whilst a counter is just that. If it sounds simple, it is.But it's also fun. When you're surrounded by enemies and dodging left and right it can get really thrilling. Simplicity isn't a bad thing if it's not missing anything. Just make sure to play on the harder difficulties for it to be exciting.Killing enemies and picking up purple orbs fills up your blood meter, which is used for instant kills on weaker enemies. It lets you manage handling larger foes with, like, 6 weaker enemies around him much easier. Especially in enclosed areas where they keep coming. Managing your blood for quick kills or heals adds a slight tactical edge (emphasis on 'slight') to the game, which is welcomed. Keep in mind that larger foes can't be killed instantly, so its more about crowd management.There's also sub weapons that...ah who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I never used them, and I won't bother going over them since they're boring as ♥♥♥♥.Speaking of which, unlocking sub weapons (there are 4) consists on going through some 'stare at women' mini-game. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and stupid, and if I wanted to oogle women I'd go on google. I played them for completions sake, but you can completely avoid these since the subweapons suck♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously, you'll NEVER use them except for taking out enemies that are too far to get to.Is it a good game? Sure. Is it a GREAT game? Nah. Is it a Suda51 game? Sort of. Do I recommend it? Sure, why not.I come to Grasshopper Manufacture for my Suda fix, and this sort of delivers. The writing isn't as funny as in his previous titles, and the plot isn't exactly reeling me in. But the gameplay is pretty fun, if simple. Rather than sub-weapons aimed to please the FPS crowd they should've expanded the katana's repertoire. But it's still a decent game with some of that Suda flair."
76561198032705148,Recommended,261110,13978287,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,zondeozx,this is great i wish shadows of the damned came to steam to!
,Recommended,261110,13980539,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Kashima,"I like this game for its fast-paced combat and the style of this game, the graphics, the character model and aesthetics are very unique for me, as expected of course from Suda51 who made the famous games such as Lollipop Chainsaw, No More Heroes and his famous one Killer 7. Although, there are some cons on this game, like the camera it's a bit messy for me because everytime I need to defend myself from enemies, I am having a hard time to counter attack them or even dodge for incoming attacks. Game length for me seems short :/ because Ive been playing it for like 3 hours since I first played it and I am already at Episode 6 and that means 10 more levels to go. And finally the story, it's quite......yeah. But, overall the game is good and very fun but it would be so much better if they are able to fix the camera when this edition came out and more modes should be added.Yet, still a good game (y)7/10"
76561197981450745,Not Recommended,261110,13966521,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,dDDDD,"What could have been a satisfying spectacle fighter ruined by horrible, sexist minigames. Sad :( But really I can't play this after witnessing the first 'gigolo' mission."
76561198114051441,Recommended,261110,13949048,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TrickyT,Gameplay video here -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=684iU6L1_B8&feature=youtu.beIt's a really simple yet fun hack and slash but there is a bit of skill involved (mainl during boss fights).The art style is really cool and the story just makes you think WTF.... definitel worth a try overall!
,Not Recommended,261110,13951487,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Caplonic,"If you have a computer with dual core you will get stuck in an endless loading sequence whenever a girl calls you, which means you cant beat level 3, and even if you mod to unlock every level after that, it will still break any time you get called. Do yourself a favor and skip this game."
,Recommended,261110,13944885,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,"Its a Suda51 game, nothing makes sensebut damn it's never been so fun to be confused.if you don't like the moon, don't play this game.without the moon, we are nothing"
,Recommended,261110,14187815,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Chicken Boo,It's like playing art ... really ♥♥♥♥ed-up art. 10/10.
76561198144038239,Not Recommended,261110,13959243,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Scrapfish,"Regretting in purchasing this, Hmph~! you might as well watch paint dry insteadof playing this buggy-crap of a mess... ugh..."
,Recommended,261110,12943593,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,VarVoZZa,Pretty awesome game! Its like Devil May Cry in SLD
76561197996524160,Recommended,261110,13085175,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dawkins,"It's worth a play, definitely overrated though.Biggest let down is the story, there is a main plot that you experience through maybe 15 minutes worth of cutscenes, and it's not bad.The rest is just nonsensical anime crap that very very VERY loosely ties into the main story.Huge waste of potential.Also:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ap1ea8bvMgw"
,Recommended,261110,13155364,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zurkies,"Killer is Dead reminds me so much of the game Catherine, with a mix of Ninja Gaiden. I would only recommend this game to someone who enjoys diverse type games."
,Not Recommended,261110,13120205,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TiraelSedai,"Drawing, story, music - goodCombat, diaglog boxes, bossfights - annoying♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,261110,15151669,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,livegw8,"So. Apparently this game has been the subject of quite polarized reviews.  No doubt if you've made it to this review, you've seen a fair share of graphics- and style-related positive opinions and far more, ""I don't know what is going on,"" rants.  Well, by the gigolo's blue thumbs-up, clearly you're going to get a rather optimistic shade of Suda51’s “Killer Is Dead” here.Yet, before I delve into the wealth of audience agency that this game embodies, I will go so far as to admit this is less a game than it is a clever collection of self-aware narratives balanced precariously between the satirical and the sophomoric in a tantalizing trapeze act that rewards curiosity with naught but a developed and introspection manifestation of itself.Therefore, if the aforementioned is not your glass of red wine circa a vampiric 1600, look elsewhere for your action schnapps and beat-em-up burgundies.  This package is gilded – a story that presents itself as overly obvious only to ignore its own undeniable implications – a graphical powerhouse of almost discernible imagery that, simply in its presentation, solicits nearly subconscious perspective adjustment, both physically and throughout the season.Excuse me, throughout the game.  Although honestly, Killer Is Dead is not so much a 2013 video game adventure as it is a new medium for anime.  Or episodic storytelling, for that matter.  Killer Is Dead is, simplistic combo system aside, wanton and embarrassingly sexually charged side-missions aside, rather telling accounts of the double-edged sword of dehumanization through deconstructive characterization and gender roles that permeate modern media that are those wanton and embarrassingly sexually charged side-missions aside, brevity aside, a work of semi-interactive television that only sweetens with each further viewing, or play-through.Most positive reviews tell you to stay for the art direction and the combat, if they tell you to stay at all.  I’m going to recommend you stay for the show, stay for the story, which after three play-throughs has only become more dense and self-referential as I the viewer notice more of what was always there.  And that’s really where Killer Is Dead is most excellent, when you look past the “ridiculousness” or “disjointedness” and start approach the world of the game like that of a beloved-series, one that you believe in and care enough to pay attention to.  Killer Is Dead teased arguably too many into considering it just that.  However, if you embrace that constantly shifting perspective, that upward motion, moon-bound, Killer Is Dead becomes something just as far in the future as it sets itself.  You’ll get at least as much out of Killer Is Dead as you put into it, and if you’re willing to lose yourself to the Wires and dark matter, you’ll get infinitely more than you bargained for."
,Not Recommended,261110,15228449,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ดาวอังคาร,"I tried to like this game, I really did, but the gameplay is way too simplistic and slow for my tastes.Get it only if you dig Suda51's zany stories and pretty visuals."
,Recommended,261110,15230883,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,King Vegeta,Very good Hack & Slash that angered a bunch of feminazis.
76561198120224529,Recommended,261110,14889940,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,AleksVino,"A wonderful game, i don´t have any Problems with it.The Story is wonderful, the Characters are totally sexy and the gameplay is awesome."
,Not Recommended,261110,15052740,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Treffnixxx,"Game Dont start on an Dual Core PC !Developer has to fix the game, but since 3 months they dont ...Requirements says :MINIMUM:Processor: Intel Core 2 Quad 2.3 Ghz or AMD Phenom X4 2.3 Ghz or aboveBut you will end in an loading bug in ep 3 with an Dual core CPU !"
76561198038979927,Recommended,261110,15037295,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,emkei,Some say frame is capped but you can change in setting atSteam > Steamapps > common > Killer is Dead > Kid Game > Config > KidEngine.inito 60/120goto community mod page for more info..its good game for the buck
76561198187794978,Not Recommended,261110,15212842,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,j_dizzler1985,It freezes an episode 3 can't get past that.
76561198145452102,Recommended,261110,14076860,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sardonik,Awesome ♥♥♥♥ing game. Download it!!
,Recommended,261110,15182362,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,NorthernLux,"Quite enjoying it so far, a good hack 'n slash game to have in your Steam Library."
,Recommended,261110,15457712,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,BlackNyota,"Great hack and slash, this game has an interessting art style and is very stylish in combat. Areas of the game may surprise you and somethings may be creepy, but it ends up being normal. This game is packed with content 12 ""Episodes"" (missions) lasting about 30 minutes each an extra Episode and many bonus missions and challenges, is definitely worth the full asking price. The menu controls are rather awkward and settings are limited but this is easy to get past, the content is very good and the combat system is simple but fun. Bonus missions include survival challenges, killing challenges, hunt challenges and even just taking peeks at womens breasts. Yeah, that last part isn't such a huge deal, the game does feature a lot of sexualized characters but past that the game is still very good, writing and story is good, combat and mechanics are good. I rate it 8/10"
76561197974084922,Recommended,261110,16419235,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,EndlessFragment,"If you're a fan of Suda 51's work (Killer 7, No More Heores, etc.) then this should be an instant pick up. Amazing art style, easy to learn combat, upgrades, weapon and costume unlocks, challenge missions, and of course hot dates."
,Recommended,261110,16420435,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Catgirl Johnson,"It's a fun game, very simple hack and slash with a stylish aesthetic. Short though, and capped at 30fps without editing an .ini file.I just hope they bring more Suda games to PC."
,Recommended,261110,16427062,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,IVAR the boneless,it a good game actually nice sword fighting style
76561198055511189,Recommended,261110,16409157,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ROBERT HOOKE WAS UGLY,"Killer is Dead is an amazing experience that involves an insightful and entertaining storyline. The graphics are a very amusing part of the game, and the different combat techniques you can use are great! 10/10"
76561197994492536,Recommended,261110,16412745,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Yoshez,"Very good game, the story is a bit odd, but then again what else can you expect from a Suda51 game?"
,Recommended,261110,16325902,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mirai ♡ suenaga,+gameplay is awesome dmc style+easy to do combo+sexy mini game+nurse chick 10/10+lot cutscene+i buy half price so good value+japanse voice-story overplace hard to understand need go wiki to what the story  is-visual kind odd looking-Ending......-david outfit i means wtf
76561198007471259,Recommended,261110,16240449,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Adrian,"Great game 8/10, although not for everyone!Its a brutal sword slasher with a very unique, and also partially weird story.. I admit that I did not get all the connections, but it was intiguing, stylish and cool to keep me going on. Also, the graphics are quite unique too... it uses a lot of shadows, and transparent surfaces (eye glasses) to see through, which is kind of cool, but might not be to the liking of everyone.And of course there are the babes, who you have to stare at without them noticing... you even end up in bed with them, although unfortunately, not much is shown (Witcher has more naked stuff).. still ""interesting"" addition to the game. Voice acting is top notch, length of game is also good, and the fights are nice, there is also enough secrets and exporation to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,261110,16435826,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Memes of Production,"even on the lowest settings the game runs like crap, i can run battlefield hardline with everything maxed, but not this on low settings, peice of crap"
,Recommended,261110,14767040,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Pagster,"My first Suda 51 experience and....it's just as strange as I had been told/hoped for!Reading some of the negative feedback, it seems there is a game breaking problem for those with Dual Core PCs, so be warned!Happy to report that on my quad core system, all seems fine.Back to the game!It feels a lot like a Devil May Cry game, with lots of slicing and dicing with sword combos and a gun sub weapon.Levels feel a bit short and, this far into the game, are starting to feel a bit formulaic. However, you are given a wealth of sub games to play inbetween each chapter, so those with short attention spans shouldn't get bored too easily.Those sub games consist of various challenge missions and the rather bizarre  'Gigolo missions'where you  have to steal glances at women's lady lumps, while they're not looking...(just like IRL!)Overall, I'd say this is a title worthy of adding to your collection if you need some cheesy, fun arcade thrills in there, and I think everyone needs to experience a Suda 51 game at least once!If you can wait and get it in one of the sales, all the better."
76561197978381846,Recommended,261110,15027048,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Cageymaru,This game is AWESOME!  This is a game that any real gamer would want to own.  The atmosphere and imagery in the game is so different from anything else that I've experienced on the PC.AAA+ title!
,Recommended,261110,15057277,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sauce,I had a blast.
,Recommended,261110,15064888,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DemoManowar,"As a beat'em all, Killer is Dead is functional and fun but, predictably enough, below the leaders of the genre. The gameplay revolves around keeping the combo count high and blocking/evading enemies. Unlike Bayonetta, evading is dodgy (heh) at best. Blocking is much more viable but less rewarding.As a Suda51 game, this is by far the most Killer7-y game since Killer7. It's far less inventive, but it has the cutscenes in different artstyles, non sequitur story and high replayability. Technically less fun than No More Heroes, but far more Suda51y. Some moments are truly weird and brilliant.The main weaknesses are the boring protagonist and the entirely too linear level design.Also, the infamous gigolo missions are clearly played as a joke, which the media absolutely did not seem to realize."
76561198036560573,Recommended,261110,15068168,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,slime,Lots of big boobies and cute girls and cool swordfights
76561198005619622,Recommended,261110,16516332,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Zekka,"There is something seriously wrong with this generation, and this game will lead to the next genocide."
,Recommended,261110,16485889,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gwidhw,"Killer is Dead is another one of  those games that I enjoyed playing, however, it ended up feeling very hollow in the end.=======CONS:- Repetitive: It's a hack and slash, obviously, so this is basically up to opinion. However, I love games like Devil May Cry, so, that's not the complete meaning behind my calling the ""repetition"" a negative point. What I mean is that you ""accept a contract"", ""navigate through the level"", ""fight the boss"", ""repeat"". Read my next point for the reason why this is a problem.- Story: Why is the repetition an issue? Well, it wouldn't be if the story was well put together enough that it could drive the hack/slash gameplay to a point. But... it's confusing, vague, and not concrete. There's a lot of ""You don't know this, Mondo? Well... *DEAD*"". You don't get a lot of answers, and this repeated cycle of trying to further the plot, by not really furthering it, through adding mystery, but devolving said mystery due to repetition of uninteresting ""You don't understand?"" dialogue is not very appealing. The ending of the game is something else... you have to really think to piece it together, and even then, it takes a bit of faith to say ""it makes sense, now"". Because, well... there's a lot of info missing, glossed over, or that just remains obscured. Perhaps they are planning on a sequel to answer these questions..? That's the only thing I can think of, because this game doesn't really provide many answers.- Gameplay mechanics (Jumping): I really feel like this game lost a lot of grand opportunity by restricting the player's movements and gameplay to solely being on the ground. I understand that there's no real need to jump, as you have the Musselback's gun mode, but... I'd like to be able to jump into the air to hit those enemies with my sword, sometimes, rather than just have to gather blood and shoot. I'd also like to be able to jump over boxes (though, I'd be fine with some obstacles being purposely unable to hurdle over). It feels too restricting, when compared to other games of this ilk (e.g.: DMC, again), and it would have been a fantastic addition that, sadly, would have bumped up the gameplay had it been present, but wasnt. Disappointing.- Boss fights: They were fairly short, and not very difficult to figure out how to defeat the bosses. Maybe it's harder on Nightmare mode, but... I don't want to go through that. Want to know why? Read below...- Replayability: There isn't any. Once you beat it, you've beaten it. My only advice is to play all the side missions and gigolo missions as you play, between missions, when available, to boost up Mondo's skills/gain new weapons, and level up your abilities. Then, once you finish, like I have, well, you'll be satisfied leaving it alone.PROS:+ Visuals: This game is stunning; absolutely gorgeous. The contrasting colours, the vivid details... it's brilliant. Fantastic design choice by the developers. Props to them~!+ Gameplay mechanics (attacking): Very intuitive, especially when using a controller like I did, and very easy to get into. It's satisfying to fight through some enemies, although, when he gets disoriented and you have to wiggle the joystick.. well, that was just annoying >.< But, combat was fun, and very tight controls made it even better.+ Voice Acting/Characters: Very likeable characters, and solid voice acting. The characters don't feel too forced (Mika can feel that way at first exposure, but that soon goes away), and Vivienne is a little too cliche, but, it doesn't hurt the game. You grow to like the characters well enough, and their voices suit them appropriately. This can't be said for a good deal of games, so, this is a valid point to consider. It keeps you in the headspace of the universe of the game, and lets you suspend reality a little better as you play. Good job, voice actors/actresses~! :)+ Style: The entire vibe of the game is just... groovy. It's got a great aesthetic and feel to it, overall.=======So, do I recommend ""Killer is Dead""?Well, given that there are more negatives than positives.. yes, I do.Here's why:It's a game that has solid gameplay, great visuals, likeable characters, and a good atmosphere about it. Of course, it's only real detriments are the story/plot, and the lack of jumping, for me. A lot of people rag on the Gigolo missions, but really, it's not that big a deal. If you don't like it, don't play it. It's minimal, unnecessary, and people have blown it way out of proportion. There are countless numbers of games dedicated to things like this (e.g.: visual novels, dating sims, etc.), and those don't get ragged on. Why? Because they aren't always made by major companies, and only people who enjoy them, play them. You don't like it? Just let it alone, and don't entertain it, Simple....Regardless, getting back on track to the review...Killer is Dead is a fun game, that deserves at least a play through, or to have you give it a go. If it's not for you, well, it's not for you. It won't be for everybody, for sure. I liked it, although there were flaws to it, but they never really made me feel like I disliked it, or wanted to stop playing. I wanted to finish it, did finish it, and I'm glad I followed through....Just don't pay full price for it, by far.Wait for a Steam sale, and, well, if you can get it for less than 10$, give it the go-ahead.You won't regret it.Though, you won't find any replay value, here.Uninstalled (*a single tear*)"
,Recommended,261110,16452966,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,gregshouse,"Like being on Mushroom, Acid and L.S.D all while in one fast action Smash-um, bash-um and trash-um up trip with sexy nurses. First game for a long time that has truely blown my mind in such a Artistic way. Game play is very DMC and Castlevinia in contrals but that is where the similaritys end. The story line has a way more of a gripping almost adult only looking and imaginative theme which could only be descrided as tripping crazy bollox while killing S***!..My only mistake was waiting till it was on sale."
,Recommended,261110,16460107,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Remarkably Cavalier,"I watch anime so I understand Japanese culture very well. This game is weird and crazy just like me. Finally there is a game that I can relate to, and it's made so well in that it uses the Katana just like you would in real life ( I own 2!)Overall, great game."
,Recommended,261110,13729434,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,japan4,"A pretty good game made by Suda 51, the only real gripe is the lack of customization on controls.  A lot of the controls are counter intuitive like Enter being exit?Otherwise the game is great"
,Recommended,261110,13796594,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Crying Freeman,"Killer Is Dead is filled with Suda 51 eccentricity, but it struggles to stay relevant with inconsistent combat, a poorly told story, and some awkwardly sleazy moments.http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/killer-is-dead-review/1900-6413067/But OK5/10"
,Recommended,261110,12783323,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,vandamw,Pro - Beautiful cel-shaded visuals combined with Anime-esque style and creativity.Con - The combat's more bland than the frontpage of Reddit.
,Recommended,261110,13663933,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,L1nk,SUDA51 game. 10/10
,Not Recommended,261110,13825700,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Goffy Guts,"I usually like Suda51 games, but this game is a real boring one. I feel the art direction of the game is uninspired and the terrible gigolo missions are just obnoctious.The gameplay is really repetitive and almost no variation of enemies and just some bosses are kind of fun. But the fighting is still really lame, with no flow at all.Put your time in some other game, and leave this untouched!"
,Recommended,261110,14506566,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Magnets,"Unique art style, fun gameplay, good music.Never played anything like it before."
76561198037177996,Recommended,261110,14546675,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fufu,"Besides the bad camera controls, this game had everything i expected - great art style, badass combat and a crazy (but genius) story. The music is matching the amtosphere perfectly.I love the anime-touch of the game, so i recommend playing it in japanese with subs."
,Recommended,261110,14530209,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Wavy Jetson,"The buttons are a little simple but takes a little bit to master the moves and the timing. I really loved the style and the artwork. Playing the game in Japanese with English subs gave it more of an authentic touch. The combat and puzzles were fun but the story and gigolo dates made the game a bit strange. Having to go on dates to get weapon upgrades and items, I felt was not needed in an otherwise great game."
76561198031582969,Recommended,261110,14364828,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mr. Cobb,Great game. Lots of fun. Would recommend to anybody. This button masher is great and the attack moves are lots of fun.
,Recommended,261110,14443093,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Rumbletoad,♥♥♥♥♥ Peeping Simulator bundled with a Fedora Samurai mini-game8.5/10
,Recommended,261110,14420045,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cerni,Time to donate your blooodd *nosebleeed100/10 will hack and date again!
,Recommended,261110,13276859,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Void,Another great piece of Suda51-san.
76561198003888207,Recommended,261110,13092714,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Solid Tsuchinoko,"This game is everywhere. Uptown, downtown, east side, over there, over here, all around. I have no idea on what the story is, so someone has to explain it to me. Outside of that, the combat is visceral and I love it!"
,Recommended,261110,24797630,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Daftbiz,"The game is really fun, if you know about Suda51 games then you know what youre in for.  The feel for the game takes a while to soak in, but once you start unlocking more abilities the combos get really nice.  The controls arent AMAZING but they feel responsive and are up to snuff to the point where it doesnt feel like youre being held back by them. The style of the game is really stylish.  Works with Ultrawide Monitors as well. Beat the game just now and im going to wait a bit to come back but It's definitely very similar to the style of No more heroes."
,Recommended,261110,26394860,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bloobop,"Okay this game is hype.-Incredible action gameplay with accurate difficulty settings.-Fun progression with choices and personalization.-Beautiful visuals, a very well directed style that comes across clean.-Fun universe, with dramatic exciting seriousness mixed with anime nonsense.-Great JP voice acting, even better EN voice acting (shocker, right?)Wonderful game for those looking to sit down and invest themselves in a setting."
76561198077690436,Recommended,261110,26178162,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Franss the Coffee Addict,"I highly recommend this to those who like third person hack-and-lashes, such as Devil May Cry, Batman arkham series ground combat and/or Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. While people find 30 fps kind of a negative side of the game, I find 30 frames damn good even if it's just 30. IF you can keep solid 3 frames then you're all good and if you don't like 30 then you can modify game files to run it at 60. Haven't tried how much it affects the game tho.The combat itself is somewhat straight-forward since combos are pretty easy to perform. However, playing on higher dificulties brings up the heat - jump straight to hard/ very hard to have one hell of an experience. I myself started at hard. You should totally do the same if you're familiar how 3rd person hack n slash games work in general.NOTE: be aware this game can stop working in windows 10. This might happen if you're missing certan files like (I did) MCVR.dll. Latest update on W10 fixed it"
76561198046600984,Recommended,261110,26434093,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Yari Ashigaru,"Actually fun to play, decent story. Just the mechanics that are bothering me. Sometimes need to restart the level because of it."
76561198027711641,Recommended,261110,17946905,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,EmergenCkilla21,Best blade game i've ever played a true masterpiece10/10
,Recommended,261110,25470137,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Deleted,"What a weird but innovative game, I recommend to pick it up at a sale, since the controls are made for controller and the game is short, but the story made me laugh from time to time. I'd rate it Weaboo/10!"
76561198052024505,Recommended,261110,25474652,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PUBESANDWICH,"Wow, just wow. many will compare this to DMC, and rightly so, but KiD is pretty awesome in it's sheer wierdness... a truly brilliant game with some replay value, but mostly proves the point that VIDEO GAMES ARE ART.  8/10 demon slaying is best done on the moon.(and playing on a humble 3 year old gaming pc, runs like buttah)"
,Recommended,261110,25908294,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,scukobyte,"This one has amazing aesthetics and slashing action. Unique graphical style, atmospheric music, wide variety of weird things that are going on constantly. Just a purely bizarre, but so enjoyable experience. Definitely worth checking out at least once in a lifetime.I recently was juggling with a thought that I want to re-play it and I believe it will happen at some point in the future. Might as well amp up difficulty a bit, so the playthrough goes more challenging."
76561197963379759,Recommended,261110,26376314,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,de_lux,"This is literally one of the best manga/anime games I have ever played. It's funny, sexy, and action packed. It feels like I'm at an arcade, not on my pc."
76561198017019871,Recommended,261110,26080973,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Greyman,Great little hack and slash. Just... don't even think about the storyline. Seriously. Be happy with the good overall battle mechanics and creative boss fights and the quirky humor.An acid trip would make more sense than this plot.
76561197993082848,Recommended,261110,25931180,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,huevos_diablos,"Didn't like this game much at first because I found the combat a bit bland, and overall I wasn't really grabbed by it. Gave it a chance though, and it ended up getting better as I got further. One you start upgrading your abilities the combat gets more fun. I liked the level design and the art style throughout too.Also, the story doesn't make any damn sense, but I liked it anyway.Probly give this a 7/10."
76561198120242092,Recommended,261110,26099952,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Zero,"Killer is Dead is a 3rd person hack and Slash spectacle fighter game in the same vein as DMC, Ninja Gaiden, and God of War. The story revolves around a hired assassin named Mondo Zappa, who wields a katana and has a robot arm. The story starts off simple enought, but later escalates and the story introduces fake memories, amnesia, betrayals, and even a unicorn that comes out of nowhere. As you can probably guess by now the story gets really confusing near the end. The episodic nature of all the missions will make it so that you can play the game in short bursts if you please. It has a ""Monster of the week"" feel since almost every mission has nothing to do with the rest and the assassination targets can be anything from a simple samurai to an evil Thomas the tank engine.Now for the bread and butter of the game. The gameplay in this game will primarily consist of slicing enemies with your katana and occasionally using your arm's subweapons, such as the blood cannon or drill. I found myself only using one of the four available subweapons though, but maybe you'll find more use of the other ones. You attain these subweapons by seducing women in so called ""Gigolo"" missions. Basically all you have to do during these missions is stare at a womans breast when shes not looking to fill up your ""guts"" meter, and when the ""guts"" meter is full you push a button to give them a present. Repeat until sex. Tasteless? perhaps. Now your only weapon in this game is the katana and there is no combos since there is only one attack button so you'll be mashing the left click a lot. The collest feature of the combat however is the ""dodge burst"" where if you dodge an opponents attack perfectly at the last second time will freeze for a few seconds and you get to slice up your opponent. It is very satisfying to pull off and takes a while to truly master. If you are a fan of hack and slash games I would highly recommend that you give this one a try. It's very button mash based, but it is a great deal of fun and it should not be overlooked."
76561198043929099,Recommended,261110,26093803,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Smartnik,Fun
76561198040786880,Recommended,261110,26279700,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,dmv,A job well done when Killer is Dead
76561198021098185,Recommended,261110,26531778,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chris,this and revengeance man
,Recommended,261110,24767253,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Nyan cat,Best Game ever 10/10 would kill david again
76561198007440054,Recommended,261110,24578189,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Hoss Delgado,"Like fun hack-n-slash, character action combat like Bayonetta or Devil May Cry? This game is for you.Like stylish art styles? This game is for you?Like boobs? This game is DEFINITELY for you."
,Not Recommended,261110,24563957,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mendhak,'Nightmare edition' is a pretty good way to describe it.
,Recommended,261110,24613081,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Scarface,"Over the top anime style story.Over the top anime style design: cool graphics except for most of the backdrops that feel very plastic and dollhouse-y.Gameplay-wise KID is decent – not particularly innovative, but functional and fun combat system and sexist and simple as flash browser games girl seduction system,Definately worth the money if you're into that kind of things. Also a decent addition to a hack and slash fans for PC."
,Recommended,261110,24530850,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"This game is to me, as trident layers is to the mailman... 19 sec.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tviPLpD8VG8"
,Recommended,261110,21993161,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,daynexi,11/10 would play as badass samurai assassin cyborg pimp again
,Recommended,261110,21022393,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,A Wild Pokemon,An attractive lover that is fun to play around with but emotionally unavailable and kinda frustrating at times.
76561198002167986,Recommended,261110,20836353,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SasqRutts,You have a pet talking unicorn (for a couple of scenes) in this game and explode things with a sword and chop off heads.I honestly don't think I need to review this further. The madness floweth forwards and it was good.Buy it and love it.
76561198275140349,Recommended,261110,20771531,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Vid-Locke,"Up for playing a game that leaves you feeling as uncomfortable as a nun watching tentacles grope a schoolgirl?,Then look no further!6/10 - Cant find much to say about this title other than its actually quite enjoyable, but at times gets waaaayyy to obsurd."
76561198105223291,Recommended,261110,21353902,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,yu207,8/10Worth trying
,Recommended,261110,21346939,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,steakfries,"im really at a loss for what to say about this gamei'd say it's really flawed, it's got some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it's got the trademark polarizing Suda appeal, but i enjoyed it nonetheless. it's definitely a case of style over substance but this game is just oozing in it and celebrates itthe biggest complaints are that it's locked to 30 fps (bad for character action games) and that it just doesn't have much depth"
,Recommended,261110,21594614,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LostTARDIS,"Weirdly, outrageously, nonsensically awesome. Story doesn't always make sense, doesn't really need to because it looks amazing and it somehow keeps you hooked."
76561198082974638,Recommended,261110,21603692,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,mecha,"suda51, good game"
,Recommended,261110,22079737,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Knob,"Contrary to popular belief, this is not a bad game. You just have to make a tweak in the .ini file and you're good to go. The game's about 7-8 hours long if you do some of the side missions and try to get some of the collectibles. All in all, a pretty decent game with a really confusing and surreal story.Oh, and the artwork is beyond ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Not Recommended,261110,22109099,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sir Pirate,"I have no idea why, but in one of the first missions, I get a call from Natalia and the game stops, as in i can walk around but the character looks as if he is on the phone and nothing happens. There is the loading blood splatter that seems to indicate somethign is loading but it doesnt matter how long i wait nothing happens. Please do fix this because otherwise it seems like a decent game."
76561198064893541,Recommended,261110,25118970,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Nuroshi,Worst dating sim ever
76561198001683260,Not Recommended,261110,20143709,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,a pinata full of d4s,"It's nowhere near as good as No More Heroes was, but there were great moments. I'd honestly just recommend watching a Let's Play, sadly."
,Not Recommended,261110,20171183,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Andrew Ryan,Its a grate looking game dont get me wrong. I have played this game on my playstation 3. But on pc no matter what. The game would get stuck on Ep3.
,Not Recommended,261110,20182635,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Deathman,"Garbage game play and animation is crap too. If you make this much of a crappy graphics, at least make it up in game play or story which all of it seemed boring and doll."
,Not Recommended,261110,20147067,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Eadgar,I didn't like it. A weird game.
76561198079730701,Recommended,261110,20231497,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GalaxyZero,"The only thing you need to know about this game is that it has robots, you're dude's a badass technology ninja, and it's full of sexual innuendo."
76561198124270686,Recommended,261110,20240340,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,abbasiskyrim,Fun game another masterpice by SUDA51
76561198159991239,Recommended,261110,20255903,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,e3mc,"different and violent, fun fun fun"
,Recommended,261110,19858038,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pistol Yeet Maravich,"Twas pretty GG, apart from the bug at the spider lady level, which i googled around and found a fix for, apart from some major lag (although probably my processor) the game is 12/12."
,Recommended,261110,19874120,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chillzor,"""Kira is deddo""Average action game with weird/nonsensical story, around 5 to 6 hours of gametime in a first playthrough.Pc port is generally solid albeit lacking any sort of customization, requires 5 minutes of tinkering to unlock the fps. Artstyle is pretty gorgeous.Recommended if you like Suda51 games."
76561198109669131,Recommended,261110,21214010,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Gogi,Cool game
,Recommended,261110,21212136,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kovah,WHY DID THE GAME HAVE TO END SO SOON?!?!?!?This game has an amazing story line that will probably take 6 hours to finish but it wasnt enough to feed me because I KEPT WANTING MORE AND MORE AND THEN THE GAME FINISHED AT A CLIFFHANGER.
,Recommended,261110,21200501,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Loli Hunter,This game is recommended for those who dont care about graphic . Why?1.It has a great gameplay (exp like DMC)2.it has what we waiting for FAN SERVICE!!!!!!!
,Recommended,261110,21201478,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Big Smile,"Solid hack and slash gameplay with combos and cool sword moves, interesting japan style stories and art, sexy gigolo minigames. 9/10 best japanese pc game."
76561198127262666,Recommended,261110,21951051,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Squirt,still dont know whats going on! 10/10
76561197992230425,Not Recommended,261110,22097946,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Li Doggomasa,"While the couple of minutes I was able to play was alright (after getting past the several minutes of cutscenes that only served to confuse me more than set up any kind of plot) the game constantly crashes at the same point in the third mission. I've spent longer applying multiple fixes found online (changing .ini files, recreating folders, using edited versions of executables) than actually playing the game. Googling ""Killer is Dead crashes"" yields a startling number of different problems with the game that I just can't manage to try and care enough to fix it anymore. 60 some minutes on record and half of that is replaying the same 5 minute segment just to have the game crash again."
,Recommended,261110,22133458,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Nintonito,Kinda batshit.  Kinda ridiculous.  Kinda Amazing.  Kinda mysogonistic.  Probably worth playing.
76561198042367483,Recommended,261110,22490433,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mluv33,Great Game. Well worth the money. If you like Dante's inferno then you will like this game. game play is good and fluid. side missions are skipable but enjoyable for a little distraction. extra like for having both english and jap vo. perfer english though.
,Recommended,261110,12610990,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,NÖVªRAGε1©,"Awesome game, if you have a dual core be warned you have to edit two letters from code in a hex editor.From the brain of Suda51 known for Killer 7, Lollipop Chainsaw, No More Heroes. If you like wierd stuff than you will like any of his games.A fun hack and slash game with funny characters and dialogue."
,Recommended,261110,22332661,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Marty Chang,"I really wish Suda51/Grasshopper ported more of their games to PC...Killer is Dead is a very stylish, fun, and rewarding hack and slash type game. The combos are easy to learn, but the enemies  handle them differently, and keeping a combo going will reward you with cool finishing moves that reward you with upgrade points to whatever you choose.The story is campy. Expect references, breaking 4th walls, and cliches. I was in absolute love with the dialogue, character design, and atmosphere of the entire game. There are not many games whose mood and tone is set so well to get you immersed in the world. Killer is Dead keeps it simple, yet powerful.If you liked No More Heroes, Shadows of the Damned, Bayonetta, or DMC, this is a good fit for you. And please buy it. Grasshopper could use the support.And Grasshopper senpai, if you're reading this, Please bring Shadows of the Damned to PC. Thanks."
76561198017126502,Recommended,261110,22641927,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,standaloneworld,"A ridiculous game, with ridiculous characters, with ridiculous plot that is ridiculously non-existence, that is ridiculously short.It's ridiculously fun."
,Recommended,261110,23034046,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,cluclu,"Killer Is Dead is an excellent game that provides a lot of originality to the hack and slash genre. For one, it's combat is a lot of fun, and it works well both on the keyboard and the controller. There is a decent variety of enemies in the game, adding to the challenge overall. The difficulty also varies a lot from battle to battle. Like any Suda51 game, there is bound to be an odd story, and Killer Is Dead is no exception. The story is a little confusing, but it's very satisfying once the main story concludes. There are also fun side missions as well that help improve your character. I absolutely recommend Killer Is Dead for anyone who wants to an original action game. It isn't too long, yet it's one you can spend a decent amount of time with."
,Recommended,261110,23015819,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Cockslapperino,For fans of DMC or any other one of Suda 51's great games. This game is a blast. Hack and slash fun with a very obscure story that grips you.Graphics: 8/10Story: 8/10Audio: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 8.5/10
,Recommended,261110,30774210,Posted: 27 March,all,OnceNefarious,"The combat is really fun, and the visual style is amazing.  It's a good casual hack and slash game, because the controls are not complicated, but even on the easiest setting the visuals and flow of the combat are entertaining.  Having the xray glasses that lets you see beauties' lingerie is an added bonus.  The storyline and the characters are not particularly complex or deeply developed, but they're interesting enough.  Overall the game is visually-pleasing and fun.  I love it."
,Recommended,261110,30867723,Posted: 31 March,all,Wake Me Down,It's fine; it isn't that fun or anything. It's just normal.
,Recommended,261110,20577943,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,cb2222,"I usually don't like these kinds of game (ie: hack and slash) however, there is something oddly unique about it. Visually impressive and very cool artistically. The story is unique and I find the gameplay very satisfying."
,Recommended,261110,25201043,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Electric Nachos,Fast paced action in a cool futuristic world!
,Recommended,261110,17969955,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Meme Kaiser,I can't understand anything. But its still good.
76561198132208278,Not Recommended,261110,16432447,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sprayface,"yeah this review is old, but im going through some of the old games i never play and writing reviews for them to keep people from making the same mistakes i did.with this one? you better be able to button mash. the second level's boss on the moon's ""advance to next stage of the fight"" event involves a button-mash ""press attack faster than ai"" sword lock that i nearly to passed the first time, but never could even get close after that because of a destroyed carpal tunnel. From what i saw, the game was pretty stellar. But that is incredibly lazy and frustrating boss design, and you should be aware of that."
,Recommended,261110,25019363,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,N!ghTM@Re$*%,"I had so much problems with this like glitchy forever loadings, teleporting bikes, not enough gigolo missions, framerate caps and resolution problems!And yet why did I enjoy it so much?Jokes aside, you can actually fix almost all of those problems with the help of the community!blah: art good | music good | gameplay good | story good | gigolo good |[oh looky it's my edition of the game ✌.ʕʘ‿ʘʔ.✌]"
,Recommended,261110,25511092,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DesolatePsyche,"So a quick ""review"". PROs and CONs first. Then some comments & random notes I have about the game.(note, my #/10 score =MY ENJOYMENT+ minimal thought of gameplay+graphics/sound+story etc.. )PROs+very stylish+simple yet fun combat+odd characters+odd story+interesting world+unique missions & odd ones (both really)+over the top action+outfits ／人◕ ‿‿ ◕人＼+dating missions ／人◕ ‿‿ ◕人＼ lewdCONs-30 fps locked (unlockable to 60fps with some tweaks, but prepare for some bugs)-felt at times a bit too cheesy & cringe(?) [a.k.a tried too hard being something sometimes, every time Mondo said ""killer is dead"" , it just felt damn weird, so probably a cringe(?)]-outfits and stuff cost a lot-storytelling felt a bit confusing (hard to digest, couldn't grasp it all)Comments:So basically it's stylish hack n slash combo maestro game with really odd world, story and edgy characters. For most part this ""weirdness"" made the game really damn unique and entertaining, but it felt as it became old fast. Could play 1-2 episodes per day which was my average for this game to keep me entertained. At first I thought 100%'ing this game by unlocking all achieves and getting all in game. But it was too much bother. For some things you have to get triple S rank to unlock an outfit or something. And those ""side-missions"" became quite old and tedious quickly enough.Dating minigame was fun and ""lewd"" as you could use yourx-ray vision, to see stuff ^^ But since I played with 60fps unlocked, 1 of dating missions kept crashing and it was too much bother to change configs again, thus I gave up on them.Story in a nutshell is ""hitman"" group are doing tasks and battling weird creatures. Where slowly it spreads towards story actual goal and this is basically about main character.Thus the characters, we have Mondo - the edgy, quiet, cool typical MC with cyborg arm, Mika - the annoying cheerful little brat that prattles around, Vivienne the ""hollywood stronk babe"" who is tough nut with sweetspots and finally a Bryan - a damn badass mecha ♥♥♥♥♥ with cigar. Fun guy. oh an a talkingunicorn. But yeah, got bunch of other weird sidekicks andbondage antagonistBut yeah, In a big picture I quite enjoyed this game, thus I had hard time deciding score between  6 and 7. But story left me a bit ""wut?"" and the feel of ""too much cheese/cringe"" that it gave sometimes was another meh point + outfit's grind n meh side-missions... it was fun, but tedious at times game. SO I'll give it....6/106.5/10"
,Recommended,261110,24338003,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,deceased (on the inside),WE ONLY HAVE HENTAI AND SMUT
,Not Recommended,261110,24453038,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mr Santi Clause,I enjoyed watching the cyborg man get hit by the train...but thats pretty much it after 10+ hours of gameplay
,Recommended,261110,27050410,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Setsuna Emnosis,I reviewed this for nominating badge... it's good game none the less ;)
,Recommended,261110,20739593,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,\ded\ insd,Colonel Sanders Boss Battle = Sold 10/10 would KFC again
,Recommended,261110,27277524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Hallo, Herr Penaten hier.",Killing people is so much fun!
,Recommended,261110,21252379,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Afro Engineer,"Easily one of my favorite games!The combat system is smooth, the enemies vary in strength and the game takes skill and time.Have to admit that the arm cannon isn’t my favourite thing but hey, opens the game to diverse bosses."
,Recommended,261110,21141822,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Daffy Ø,"I really loved this game, despite the graphics aren't the best on the new generation games, I really like by its story and drama, the OST is amazing and its scene set is beautiful. I recommend this game... and, I really want a second part."
,Recommended,261110,21165130,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SundownKid,"Has quite fun gameplay, even if the plot is so insanely random that it barely makes sense.Be warned there are some problems with the PC port but all of them are fixable."
,Recommended,261110,21165665,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kitsune Ivy,"In a game that seems as though it is an LSD trip gone sideways, and with a plot so complicated that hideo kojima would give it two thumbs way up, I have to say I really love this game. Its so...off in a sense, but really intense and fun. The font on the subtitles is enough to drive you to insanity. While I have not finished the game I would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who enjoys stylized action, and a little bit of insanity. The Job....Killer is Dead."
,Not Recommended,261110,21863882,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,2Real,Story makes no sense weak combat. Would not recommend at all.
,Not Recommended,261110,17278643,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mikoto,I really really want to play this game as it looks so great and i love hack and slash games but when they have such a game breaking glitch so early on in the game to where you are stuck on an endless loading screen because you're partner wanted to chat.
,Recommended,261110,12768650,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Mildy Disgruntled Max,"I don't know what is going on, but man, does it look beautiful."
,Recommended,261110,16832154,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Hex,"I will be breaking this game down into categories to get as in depth as possible with this reviewSTORYthe story is interesting, considering you can follow it. the basic jist is that you are a hired assassin named mondo. and there is some complicated story to do with the moon, one of your contracts, and some others stuffGAMEPLAYThis is what I love about this game. the gameplay of this game is very addictive. basically it starts out very simple (A simple X to slash and Y to punch) but as you go on you collect more guns and ore to upgrade your abilities. these abilities can consist of new attacks for your sword, powering up your guns, and abilities like using your energy to healGRAPHICSThe graphics are a basic shell shading art style with a kind of comic book feel to it. It gets the job done. the character designs are also really amazing being unique and very cool looking.PERFORMANCEsadly this game has some problems. First of all you have to edit an ini file in the game's directory just to get 60 FPS in game. then the game still has some massive fram drops at times going from 50-60 FPS down to 10-15 just for 1-2 seconds. Sadly I have not found a fix for this. overall this is a decent port and this can be looked overGAME MODESthere are 3 game modes.Story missions- Story missions tell the story of the game. but mission times can very, some take 30-45 minutes while others can take as little as 5 minutesside missions- they take you through the worlds of the story missions but provide little objectives to complete for money, and new items in the shop.Mondo girls...-the mondo girl missions are probably the oddest thing in this game. it basically conssits of mondo going to a bar to pick up a girl but the way you do that is you put on these glasses that allow you to see through clothes, the more you look at them the more you guts meter fills up. once it is full you can give the girl a present which causes her love meter to go up, once the love meter is full you basically have sex. and all of those unlockables you get from side missions I mentioned earlier. they are alternate underwear and bras for the girlsOVERVIEWoverall the game is super fun and addictive, fun combat, fun mission design, and qwerky character designs that I love. althrough it has some performance problems I believe this game is worth picking up."
76561198030404344,Not Recommended,261110,16836232,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SneakyBeat,I had some fun with Killer is Dead and the art style is lovely but I found that it bored me more often then not. I finished the game without feeling any attachment to the characters and without enjoying a single boss fight. The combat has no real depth to it and you're fighting the same enemies the entire way through. There's not a single thing KiD did that No More Heroes didn't do better beyond not having motion controls so I'd recommend just grabbing that if you own a Wii or a PS3.
,Recommended,261110,16281985,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,JohnMR,"I just started playing this game. And I really have to say this: I... mother♥♥♥♥ing... love it...Love the cutscenes, love the enemies and the only boss I have fought (I hope to love the other bosses too), love Mondo, love the weapons (Gekkou and Musselback), love the art (I really don't know why but it gives me a really nice vibe) and last but not least I love the girls (we MUST love the girls in this game, until they turn into a monster of course... :| ). The only complaint I have is the frame drops and the lag, but my PC is kind of bad anyway. :/I recommend this game. If you have the money (and a quad-core processor)... YOU. MUST. BUY. IT‏"
76561198081599831,Recommended,261110,16905885,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Pride,worth to play. interesting story . fast gameplay . 11/10 will play again xD
76561198045525910,Recommended,261110,17741682,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BigDaddyCruiser,You seduce women by staring directly at their♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥while trying not to caught doing so.Of course it's a 10/10
76561198041102932,Recommended,261110,17751555,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tao Amanti,A really good port of a really good game.
,Recommended,261110,16936266,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,RevlonZ,kind of playboy hack and slash! he hunt demon and girls all the times LoLi love this game but somwtimes some map and vision make my mind coufusedi can't play this game for many hours i have to stop and take care my eyesjust be careful to play it some people might have a problem.- nice attack system- lot of pretty girls :D- unique graphic style
76561198075675503,Recommended,261110,16828779,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,PsiTempest,"Imma throw this out there, I love Suda51 games. They just are inherently dumb and fun. This didnt let me down.Pros-Solid action-Normal mode isnt too easy and gets harder as it goes along-Level design is really solid and feels really fluid-Music is pretty goodCons- The number of quicktime events is silly, I honestly cant beat David because it wanted me to press my left mouse button a million times a second, and then do it again onces he starts dual weilding.Edit 1: tried gamepad to no avail. Tell me why in gods name is the Left stick [movement] reversed. No way to change this in game."
76561198055463263,Recommended,261110,17214109,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,TengaToppa V-2,"Best gigolo simulator. You get good boobies and Koharu is best girl, clearly. Oh, and I guess you swing a katana at things on the moon or something like that"
,Recommended,261110,29039511,Posted: 5 January,all,Chloe,Amazing successor to other Suda51 games like Killer7 or No More Heroes
76561198073153063,Recommended,261110,29007130,Posted: 4 January,all,Don Edgy,"This is a good character action/spectacle fighter game. If you enjoy challenging games that test player skill like Devil May Cry 3(Dante's Awakening not the weaker special edition) and Ninja Gaiden(for the original xbox, not the remakes) then you'll find this fun. Don't let negative reviews that say it's controls are clunky deter you."
,Recommended,261110,24011336,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Thirsty_Pickle,TRAIN LIVES MATTER
76561198165197147,Recommended,261110,24039688,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,watafu,God of War meets No More Heroes... in a pot party
,Recommended,261110,24080911,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sten Sawdust Sauce,"A rather strange hack 'n' slash with an intriguing art style. The gameplay is absolutely amazing and the visuals are fantastic despite the adoption of the peculiar art style. The controls are pretty tight and the fun factor on this game is really high to the point where I had to replay missions again just because of the boss fights as to how unique and beautifully orchestrated the fights are. I would highly recommend this to anyone who adores the 'Bayonetta' series or similar types of games.However, despite how good this game is there are some issues that I ran into but nothing major. The art style started to hurt my eyes after a while so I had to spend short amounts of time into each session and I found some parts of missions fairly boring and repetitive, (e.g. killing tens of enemies over and over and over and over) But this can be simply put down to the fact that I'm not really that used to Hack 'n' Slash and take my disliking with a pinch of salt as I'm sure that repetition is necessary for the hacking and slashing that is required.But don't let these issues distract you from buying the game as the positives HEAVILY outweigh the negatives.Plus you can romance some chicks and stuff, so that's pretty much the defining mechanic of 'Killer is Dead'."
76561198113383779,Recommended,261110,23892984,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pillbug,"Killer is Dead is a pretty decent action game with an interesting art style, good music, and Suda's standard symbolic weirdness. You'll have to put up with the annoying Gigolo missions, which the game nags you about if you don't do them. The port also isn't that great, as it's 'locked' to 30fps, but it stutters between 29 and 31. However, despite those hiccups, I had a good time with the game overall."
,Recommended,261110,13958296,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,MrWubWub,"So far I have played this game for 6+ hours. And it is not bad. I liked the fighting and the art concept. But the art can be a little hard too look at and I have hurt myself trying to look for some scrolls and to find an enemy. There are mini-games to get upgrades for your wepons and some tickets (they help you on your story). The only thing weird about this game is the mini-games., you need to look at a girl and make your face-meter-thing go up and you can only get the girl by buying them gifts in the gift shop. It is hard at first but it is pretty fun when you get used to it. And if you do it enough you get more cutsence and see them have sex. It is a weird thing they put but this game is Japanese so I do expect this. The art is fine and you can change the voice acting from english to japanese or even german. The english voice acting is not that bad and the japanese is better. But when i was playing it the mouths of the characters continued to move without words coming out of it. It will happen and cannot get away from it so no matter what language you put on the mouths still move.The story of this game is out of this world. I do not know what was going on and I did not understand why it was happeneing but I enjoyed every little peice of it. It is funny and the cutsences are great. You will not understand it at first but it is funny when you try and understand it. When you progress through the story you get to know your characters and The development is really nice.In the end the game is good. I would reconmmend this game to a friend and it is on par with other hack-n-slash games. This is my opinion and I hope people buy this game and give it a chance.Rate: 8/10Graphics: Confusing at first but you will get used to it."
,Recommended,261110,23914245,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Quotation-Dono,I reccomend this to some one who purely likes the style over the substance as this games interested waned for me in under an hourdmc4 caught my eye not only because it's stylish but missions weren't over in the blink of an eye even on easyconsidering this is a suda 51 game  (IMO I'll stick to No More Heroes 1 and 2 for this campy stuff as it's done better there thank you)
,Recommended,261110,19072939,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Exia - エクシア,7/10
76561198010418156,Recommended,261110,24222124,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,wraith,"...........imagine a shot for shot remake of he lord of the rings trilogy with the entire cast including cgi characters played by a combination of kanye west, billy mayes, carol voderman, benedict cumberbatch, a jar of mayonaise and big bob sapand all the scenery is ripped from random google image searches of either eastern eurpoean cities or the ♥♥♥♥ing moonnow imagine being high as a kite on acid while watcing thisthis game is still weirder..........................................words fail me"
76561198095162266,Recommended,261110,29841394,Posted: 10 February,all,Nemesis,"Killer is dead, a hack n' slash packed with incredibly out of this world characters created by the famed Suda51 isn't exactly what I expected but is more than likely what I should have expected from the start. However there is such a thing as 'going full retard' as spoken in Tropic Thunder and unfortunetly Killer is Dead is an example of that.Suda51 who is no stranger to bizarre imagery and storylines doesn't hold back here and fans will surely find satisfaction. But what we thought we were getting turned out to be bottled up teen angst stuffed further into a video game with just good enough gameplay for us to be a part of... As if we didn't get enough of that already.To start the sound by Akira Yamaoka whom I believe was the sound producer has given his weakest performance yet. He has done a lot of music for Grasshopper studios and I can confidently say that I've enjoyed his work more in the past. There were sometimes where I felt the tunes for the game hit the bill but overall it was forgettable.Gameplay was something of a hit and miss for me. I liked that you could kill your enemies almost instantly with a touch of a button once you had filled enough of a meter for it. Additionally the combos you pick up on the way add a little more depth to the fighting. I liked that you could pick up gun variations but I found that the gun wasn't very useful unless you got a headshot on lesser enemies. I really enjoyed the fact that Mondo (The MC) began to pick up speed as you built up the combo meter. Unfortunetly it just doesn't build fast enough and often you won't be able to maintain it because it decreases. Making the game a very slow going hack n slash most of the time. I also did not like the fact that in order to unlock the gun variations you had to go through the date missions. Missions which I wish were less apparent in this game. They are pretty dam perverted and I ended up playing this entire game at night when no one was around partially because of how often I ended up doing them to get the upgrades.Other than that the bosses were the best part of this entire game. They are incredibly creative and are more than just a damage sponge with the same moves which is too often typical in games.The level settings in the game were another high point. You go to a lot of different locations and they are all pretty dam cool. The only unfortunate thing here is how linear they are. The extra missions were okay but just felt like an attempt to extend game time.The characters and story in this game are the absolute worst part about it. From the first cutscene you know that you are going to be listening to 8 hours of the most absurdly childish dialoge you have ever heard in your life. I honestly think I've seen parody movies with less cheesy lines and cringe moments than this game has. And it's all done with serious tone which just made it harder to listen to. You seriously will not be able to play this game around other people who are not open minded without being judged. It's no joke.Overall it was still an enjoyable game. It had high points and it had low points. You really got to come into this one completely unfastend and just play. If you're already a fan of Suda 51 you will probably enjoy it. If you've never heard of him and you're interested in the game it will still be fun to play I can assure you but how much you enjoy the experience as a whole might be limited to how much cringe you can handle.6/10"
,Recommended,261110,17963676,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Moxide,Gigolo mode 10/10
,Recommended,261110,32227476,Posted: 6 June,all,LivelyLiz,"TL;DR This is a fun hack and slash game for now and then. 7/10 for short duration and frustrating button mashingIf you do not expect much of the story and like the visuals it is a perfect game if you got only 20 Minutes to play. Every Episode is it's own story in it's own unique setting and they are loosely connected by a story arch. Most of them will only take you 10 to 30 Minutes to play, some even less as they are mainly cutscenes. Dialogues have a nice sense of humor in it which is definitly right for the game because it doesn't take itself too seriously.Side quest can be done in <10 minutes and the Gigolo missions have some nice things in stock for you.The visuals might be best discribed as ... bold? Or at least in need of getting used to but I personally liked the comic like style and overall design. Only thing that bothered me are the symbols used for blood and health.Combat is easy and doesn't feel clumsy (played with Controller easy mode). You should not expect a deep system here but it's absolutly fine (except button mashing at the beginning and end)"
76561198120810024,Recommended,261110,32607862,Posted: 20 June,all,DrAnhs,"Slash and dice, good game :D"
,Recommended,261110,33456794,Posted: 11 July,all,Goblin,"This game is a lot of fun and all.. but i honestly perfer games like devil may cry and yes even YAIBA...mainly cause i just feel its more fun... this is one of those action games where only the combat matters and the level design is just....oh its just terrible... but the combat ""What you're probably here for"" is awesome.. so its a fine trade off."
,Recommended,261110,33450139,Posted: 11 July,all,Xolta11,I can best discribe this game as bayoneta light or dite bayontea if you will. The combat while fun donest feel as deep at first and the wackey suda chram isnt all there. Not to say this is bad just makes me want to play no more heros.
76561198295267656,Recommended,261110,33635254,Posted: 18 July,all,kazumashirou,"The best part of this game is I get to sit in a bar, oogling women just to be able to give them gifts to win their hearts.Something I don't think I'll be able to do in real life..I think i got the gist of what story is about but I don't really care anyway..."
,Recommended,261110,33524467,Posted: 13 July,all,☣ KamiKaze ☣,"In my honest opinion, it's a great game. Both stylisticly and story-wise but I did have trouble keeping myslef interested becuase the characters are a little bland. Mondo and his pals are a sight to see due to the art style but are they worth sticking around the whole game for. I have to say no but that is my only gripe for this game. The characters couldn't push along the story (if there is one). I reccomend this to the avid anime fan or those a fan of this art style. I give it a 6/10. Could've been better but all in all a good game."
,Recommended,261110,31432520,Posted: 28 April,all,Atolah,This game is very unique compared to western slash games. It however runs kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ And the controls are strange. But thats not a deal breaker.
,Recommended,261110,34727110,Posted: 3 September,all,Jing Kaymall,I starred at some♥♥♥♥♥♥to get a drill upgrade. I was really confused at that part. Like the dude just puts on some glasses and you can just see through her clothes and after they leave together and the guy screams in euphoria i was able to turn my arm into a drill. I don't want to know what happened when they left but some serious♥♥♥♥♥♥must've happened. And after that the dudes just on the moon fighting some guy in golden underwear. I mean that was all after I fought a woman who birthed a monster out of herself and grew like 8 arms and legs.All in all great game 8.6/10
,Recommended,261110,34739775,Posted: 4 September,all,DiatonicEmperor,"Pretty good hack & slash game. Loved the fast-paced gameplay, the graphics(a sort of inhanced cel-shaded style), the Japanese voice acting and the story as well(not the deepest you can find but still enjoyable). Took me around 6 hours to complete the main campaign, now I'm into some side missions. Some of them are quite cheesy, but whatever :))"
,Recommended,261110,33643939,Posted: 18 July,all,Spoonerrific,"Weird, wacky, and well done. Suda 51 knows how to make games, but he has a bad habit of falling into the ridiculously linear category. Killer is Dead is no exception to either statement. The combat is stylish, the progression is fairly satisfying, and the world (and all its inhabitants) are stylish AF.Flip that coin.Characters are fun but lack any real depth, exploration doesn't really exist, and unless you're like me and enjoy games'bizarre attempts to create sexy times, you won't like most of the minigames.In the end, though, the story was enjoyable to its conclusion, though I wish it could have ended differently, and the gameplay is engaging enough to keep you going. I give it a solid 7.5/10."
,Recommended,261110,33771751,Posted: 24 July,all,Never Nude,"it wasn't that good but it was cool looking, i don't know, weird af, but i would play it again."
,Recommended,261110,33918691,Posted: 30 July,all,Bandit|MerC|,"Stylish and Laidback, loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,261110,33861811,Posted: 28 July,all,Unnecessary,"Damn, what a strange experience this was. The game got my attention because of its graphics and as I have played in the past other hack'n'slash games like DmC and Shadow Warrior I decided to give it a shot.At first I didn't like it at all. Okei, the graphics and overall style was cool and different yes, but the game mechanics was hard to get used to. It's ported from consoles, so go figure. But after the tutorial missions (more or less Episodes 1 - 3) it got more enjoyable as the controls made more sense.One thing you should notice though - if you are looking for games with extremely good stories that make sense then KiD may not be for you. Actually I prefer also games that contain good story, twists and character development but for a change KiD was not so bad. So if you're looking for something different, then definitely try.Also the map was confusing as hell in the beginning because you will find a lot of different stuff and missions there that you just don't expect from a game. Like Gigolo-missions. These are the missions that give ""Mature"" label to this game. Basically you just date with beautiful girls, see them half-naked, give them presents and then after some dates (if they're satisfied with your presents) you will finish in the bed. Quite random. But still fun.Now, the main missions are pretty straightforward, just go there and slash the f*****s. The boss fights are also quite similar (with some exceptions) but as the game offers you many difficulty levels to choose from you can spice things up with some hardcore level.If you're interested in achievements or collecting a lot of stuff in the game, then sadly you will face totally senseless grinding marathon. First you have to complete episodes and challenges on good enough rank (A or AAA), like this you'll unlock gifts and costumes for the girls. Doesn't sound so bad, buut, then you notice the cost of this s**t. So go back and repeat the same missions again and again to earn more money. If you want to play honest of course. If you google, you can find tutorials that help you avoid this grind-fest.So, what conclusion we make? I personally was pretty satisfied with the final result. It's like some cult game. It's not meant for masses. If you're looking for this kind of specific style or you happen to be tired of more regular games then why not to try."
76561198154413209,Recommended,261110,33941478,Posted: 31 July,all,Theticgnome,"Now, I've never done any drugs, nor do I intend to. But if I were to, this is what I expect the effects of doing heavy amounts of coke, weed, or LSD to  look like. Or doing all three at one time before the cumulative overdose and hallucinations cause my untimely death only to have my living body-pillow assistant break my rib-cage preforming improper chest compressions.10/10 would confuse Suda for Hideo again"
76561198087007503,Not Recommended,261110,34035284,Posted: 5 August,all,A Heartless Crime,"The artstyle is neat and so are the charecters. The fighting is also great, but it's rarity is equivalent to you ever winning a lottery. Why? For some reason, all you do is walk around and talk, get phone calls every 2 minutes to get reminded how you are late to a date or forgot to turn off the kitchen stove.Now, the whole dating part is okay for a mini-game but it forces itself too much, like it's the main thing the game has to offer. I, for one, got enraged by that part.Sometimes, the game would break up my combos so I could anwser a booty call.The levels are also too small: you kill a few baddies and goodbye. Which is a shame because i enjoyed the sword play more than any other part of the game.I truly like the game, that I do, but the annoying calls, forced mini-games and small maps filled with weird corridors that look like they came out of Inception's butt hole (not that they are hard to navigate, but don't make sense).In conclusion: colorful yet stereotypical characters and good sword play (which happens every two years) don't make up for everything else."
,Recommended,261110,18578363,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Akoga Senpai,"The little bit of this game that I was able to enjoy was great, however I ran into an issue in the game where after a few voicelines the game would be endlessly loading in this bright colorful room, I beleive it was mission 3 that this happened I have no idea what causes this however when I got passed it via use of a hex editor things went smoothly up until I completed the 3rd mission and the game continued to crash over and over again I understand the game is relatively old however I would like this to be fixed as I was enjoying my time on the game before the issues began occuring. Having said that the style of this game is really something its fun and comic book like and at the time I was playing this I was in a bit of a rut as most of the games I was playing at the time were hyper realistic and to be frank quite mundane but this one was like a step into the past in a way it felt like something that was cool and serious but just silly enough to really get someone playing. The characters were wacky and fun but overall not all that memorable from the bit of the games I did play. 2 of the bosses were plain weird and slightly creepy. overall with the bit of the game i did play I really enjoyed my time with it. I'm hoping (my hopes arent high)  this game can be fixed so that I may fully enjoy it until then 6/10"
,Recommended,261110,34200694,Posted: 12 August,all,Goldyray! ^_^,"Killer is Dead is something you'll like instantly if you're a fan of Suda 51's weird side. ""No more Heroes and No more Heroes 2"" So expect a lot of sexuality and kick♥♥♥♥♥cool moves that a nerd would think impresses, although in this it's not played for laughs quite as much. The fighting is a bit... well.. I think a lot of people like this kind of fighting? I recently upgraded my computer and in the past few days of trying out all the games I couldn't play before I'm finding that a lot of fighting controls are like this, so what I had to get a bit used to is probably common place these days.The levels don't have to be completed in order, which is to say ""Chapters"" not levels. You can even skip to later chapters. You're a hitman of sorts for a weird organization. People come in with their problems and it's usually a pretty girl with a unique and supernatural problem. This reminds me a bit of the newest Devil may Cry remake a bit, but just in the fighting. You don't jump in this game really though.Now what surprised me most is this game ran pretty well with my low end graphics card. I just upgraded to something that's about 10 times better and the game only looks slightly better, so it was running at almost it's top graphical setting with a crappy card, so if you have that issue that I had of buying games and finding you can't play them, then this game will more than likely run great for you. I had a 256 meg video card that ran it fine.Well, that's about it. Hope you all like it."
,Recommended,261110,34423464,Posted: 22 August,all,DogdotB,This game is consistently imploding and is determined to take my computer with it
,Recommended,261110,34578740,Posted: 29 August,all,Yasharina,"i'm not really fan of hack and slash,but this game give you nice gameplay with simple combat move,maybe the graphics is so dark but i like the effectsand the most important,you are not only play killing missions but also  ""nice"" sub missions :3"
