user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,261470,14806040,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Varlun,"I write this review shortly after it becoming my most-played game on Steam.It's difficult to summarize what is- without question- the best space 4X that exists.With all my hours, I've never even really played past the midgame. There's so much replayability just in restarting galaxies with different settings. I constantly got somewhere in the midgame and realized there was a setting I wanted to change.You'd be surprised how much some of those galaxy generation settings make a difference. Things like pirate amount, pirate strength, colonization range, galaxy size, colony influence range, and even the generic difficulty setting.I constantly toyed with all of them. Trying less but stronger pirates. More but weaker pirates. I finally found the balance I like.Colonization range matters. Too large and empires jump over each other's borders. Too small and you run out of in-range planets you can colonize.Galaxy size, in relation to star amount. You can do 15x15 with 1400 stars, or 10x10 with 1400 stars. The difference of course is the density of the entire galaxy.Influence range. Colonies project ""influence"" and these influence circles are considered your territory. This is a setting typically not thought of- just set to the recommended setting- but this matters too. For example I'm experimenting with having it set to the minimum setting- 10%- and this is all kinds of interesting. The influence circles basically don't extend beyond their respective solar systems, leaving the vastness of space permanently unclaimed. Multiple empires can have mines within a single solar system, and not ♥♥♥♥♥ at each other for having mines in the other's territory.The difficulty setting. I played on Normal for the longest time. But I began to notice that towards the midgame, I would have like 16 colonies and every other empire would have like 3 or 4. I was vastly ahead. Bumping the difficulty up to Hard allows the AI to keep up with me, and it's common for a few to stay ahead of me as well. An extremely welcome change, to not just breeze through the entire game.Ship design is amazing. I love unlocking new components and building ships from scratch. Testing them out in battle. When they wreck face, I feel like it's because I designed them well.Lots of people describe the game as a space opera and it really is. The stories it creates, the politics that unfold, are amazing.This game swept me away. I've played it for countless hours on end. There is a feeling of vastness to it that no other 4X has given me, whether in playing them myself or watching others. The fact that the game is real time rather than turn-based is a big part of this.Look up pictures of the galaxy map for this game, largest size. You actually feel like you're a pathetic little nothing, in just one of the 1400!!! solar systems in the galaxy. Many empires, you'll never actually meet, just because they're so far away.The reason this is the best is because of immersion, because of its mechanics that effortlessly cause such immersion. Fine control over resources, ship design, and surprisingly good diplomacy.You can design your mining stations to be weak and have fleets to protect them, at the cost of state funds. Or you can decide to make them extra freaking beefy so that they can hold pirates off on their own, at the cost of the private sector, which usually has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of cash laying around anyway.Need I go on?I really hope you guys found this helpful. Comments are greatly welcomed!"
,Not Recommended,261470,17869379,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jimmy the Rustler,"When reading reviews for this game you'll generally find two camps. There are people who find DW:U incredibly deep and engaging, and there are those who find it incredibly obtuse and frustrating. The problem is they're both right. The game does feature a wealth of features, and you will almost certainly never experience them.Even for a player like me who is used to impenetrable strategy games like Europa Universalis this was difficult to play. Income see-saws drunkenly from crippling deficit to fabulous surplus and back again depending on what's happening this exact second. Land combat units are jam packed into impossibly tiny UI bars. AI factions have reams of vague, undefined character traits. The encyclopedia technically gives information on everything but is so poorly organized and unsearchable as to verge on useless.With time, practice, and a lot of time spent researching on independent websites you can have fun with this game. But for sixty dollars you shouldn't have to, and quite frankly, don't. Find yourself one of the many excellent 4Xs in the store and pass over this ambitious but ultimately flawed gem."
76561198007662698,Not Recommended,261470,22231708,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bloodstar,"This game is marginally thumbs down for me. I don't hate it and I spent a lot of time studying it and learning how to play. That said, I really wanted to love this game, however, it just misses being a good game. Considering how many people say its the greatest 4x space game, I guess I'm the odd one out, but I really don't think it deserves those accolades.The interface looks clunky, but once you understand how to use it, it's actually not too bad, although it is not quite to the standard of polished interfaces in some games.  The text size is a huge problem, unless you have eagle eyes.  Not being able to increase text size is a substantial ommission.The map and races are all pretty good, although I found there actually wasn't a lot of meaningful differences between them.The automation is quite good, but again, feels like there is a layer of auto control that is missing for me.  I'm happy to automate, but I want to be able to give a little more specific direction from a strategic perspective to feel like I'm still controlling the game, rather than simply watchng it.  For example, controlling which races I will allow as immigrants.  I might be wrong, it felt like I either blocked it or risked having traitors in my midst.I think a significant weakness is the difficulty in defending territory from attacks that often have no warning.  If you have the tech for scanners that can see far into space, you can get some warning, but I feel that there is something missing in the design that requires this.  I'm agnostic on space lanes by the way.  I think what's missing is at least some indicator of a contact incoming, even if its unidentified. It really needs something to give you a heads up.  Finding a planet is dead after the fact is annoying.The greatest weakness this game has is a lack of feedback to the player that gets your attention.  A game with this much automation and size needs to automate important warning and bring them to your attention BEFORE they hit, so you have time to think about remedial action.  You might automate a lot, but without timely feedback, I felt a bit blind. The frustration related to this eventually caused me to dump the game.  Something like the warning system on EU IV would be a huge improvement.I did try the AI and Star Trek mods. They are both good."
76561198002435939,Recommended,261470,12793358,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SpecOp Clergy,"The Distant Worlds franchise has proven to be an unusual exception for me.  When it comes to games these days, I am rarely an ""early adopter.""  Rather, I  wait for other, more adventurous gamers to gamble their time and money before I stick my toe into the water.  But with Distant Worlds it was different for me from the get-go.  I was intrigued from the first moment I saw the low-fi 2010 announcement pitch from a then unknown New Zealand development team by the name of Code Force.  There was just something about it that suggested ambitious innovation from the get-go.  As I was reviewing games at the time, I requested a review code for the original DW game to check it out - really, more out of curiosity than an actual eagerness to play the game.   Long short: I quickly became hooked, as you can read here:http://www.gamesquad.com/review/distant-worldsRight off the bat it got a solid 8.0 from me!Well, Code Force wasn't done yet!  They proceeded to take the community feedback and wishlist items and incorporate a lot of it into subsequent expansions.  As you can see by my subsequent reviews, they did not disappoint:http://www.gamesquad.com/review/reviewed-distant-worlds-return-shakturihttp://www.gamesquad.com/review/reviewed-distant-worlds-legendsWith the release of Legends the game had already earned a ""9.0"" from me.  Impressive!Of course, since then Code Force has released two more expansions, so the game has only improved (especially in light of the Universe compendium that FINALLY brought the game to Steam!).  If I was to review this title today, it probably would top out around 9.5 or better!Now, why do I say that?  What is it that makes Distant Worlds so special?  Simply, it is this:Unlike most other space-based 4X strategy games, Distant Worlds isn't some sort of chess-like static experience where nothing happens unless a player makes it happen.  Instead, DW is more like Sim City or Europa Universalis, or even Crusader Kings 2, where the player immediately understands that he is but one small cog in a very large, very active galaxy where all sorts of things are happening that are outside of his control.   Part of this is due to DW's real time environment (again, like EU or CK2) where there is constant activity on the map from the various other factions that share the galaxy with the player.  But the biggest contributor to all this activity is the game's ""Private Sector.""  Unlike every(?) other 4X game out there, DW deliberately limits the player's action to the ""State"" sector of his empire, which includes the military, diplomacy, tax rates, and so on.  As with the real world, the private sector - the citizenry, merchants, miners, traders - are outside direct control of the state.  While the player can influence their actions with policies, their day to day activities are completely autonomous.  This is where DW brilliantly succeeds as it is the private sector that brings so much life to the galaxy.  In fact, this is why I often compare DW to Sim City because it can be so much fun to watch ""the little people"" go about their lives in a very dangerous galaxy as you do your best to protect and shepard them.  For example, I recall one game some time ago where a passenger ship was attacked by a space monster (or was it pirates?) while on route to a tourist destination.  The ship was badly damaged and left adrift.  As the supreme ruler, I had to send out a repair ship to save them, which was really cool.  Of course, I had to detail some military vessels to protect them while the repair ship did its work.  THAT is the type of unique, micro focus that DW offers that so many space games just completely overlook.I also find DW to be like Crusader Kings 2 because, with the arrival of the Legends expansion, DW now has its own cast of characters - diplomats, scientists, spies, and more - who are randomly generated and acquire unique personality stats.  As with CK2, this really adds a sense of personality to your empire (and yes, far in excess of the under-cooked characters in Endless Space).  And while these characters don't engage in the sort of interpersonal skulduggery that is common to CK2, they can be assassinated and killed by events.  Just yesterday I had a talented energy researcher assassinated when his research base was destroyed by a sabotage-induced explosion!Do you see how I mean DW is less like your typical chess-like 4X strategy game, and more like a science fiction Sim City / CK2/ EU4 hybrid?  There is just nothing like this game on the market at the moment, something that fully justifies its somewhat pricey cost (trust me: it is worth every penny!).In short, if you like turn-based, by-the-numbers, 4X strategy game where you have total god-like control over everything, this might not be for you.  But if you are the type of gamer who loves real time grand strategy games that works with you to tell your own story in a sandbox environment - again, like a Crusader Kings 2 or a Europa Universalis 4 -  this is DEFINITELY what you have been looking for.   You don't so much play DW as you experience it.  And, as with Crusader Kings, when the game is done, boy will you have some tales to tell!Highly recommended!"
76561198032393306,Recommended,261470,18857489,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Anwerbaer,"I like space games, I like strategy games, I don't really care about graphics so much. No wonder I like this game...Distant worlds is pretty much THE best 4x game I have played so far. I don't know what it is, but something always drags me back when I have not played for a while.The game is complex and it takes a while to get used to it. The tutorial isn't helping much and I recommend watching youtube videos. But once you're familiar with the game the fun starts.The game provides its player with a huge amount of possible automation. That way the player can focus on exactly those things he really likes. You don't want to be bothered with taxes? You don't want to manually upgrade every ship everytime you research something new? Just automize it. (Although I recommend playing fully manual at least once. For me it's the best experience).What I probably like most about this game is that it feels really realistic. The separation of the factions into state and private sectors really feels like you only command your empire, but still having citizens with their own minds and wishes who do what they feel is best for them. So when you tax too hard your population might consider emigration into another empire. Another aspect which make this game feel lifelike is the amount of logistics required to make your fleets work. Each ship needs fuel and fuel runs out pretty fast. You need a dense network of refueling and repair stations to keep your warfare running. Or else your mighty military will be overwhelmed by the smaller, but better organized fleets of your neighbors.All in all Distant world does many things right and only few things wrong. And if you're a fan of 4x games or just space games and you don't care about investing some time to learn a game there is no way around this game."
76561198042977552,Recommended,261470,32414534,Posted: 14 June,all,Killallzombies,"Distant Worlds: Universe is one of the best 4x strategy games i've played. The main concern people have when deciding if to buy this game is the difficulty curve; which is, to be frank, rather big. Don't fear, there is a way to get around it with the automation system in game that allows the player to set every aspect of the game to automatic. This makes the game both vivable for the casuale player, and gives it depth for the player looking for a game with complexity.Distant Worlds: Universe does suffer from a complex and hard to use UI, but after using it for some time using it becomes less of a challenge.The price tag is a turn off, but you get a lot of content. How much? For only sixty-dollars your getting a game with huge varying galaxies, a decent (but simple) espionage system, a rather interesting story that can be turned off or on according to your preference, the choice to play as a space empire or pirate, characters that get better at their jobs over time, a three branch reasearch system, and a decent selection of races to play.The game, sadly, lacks multiplayer. A missed oppertunity if there ever was one."
,Recommended,261470,30079535,Posted: 21 February,all,Kaludan,"The ugliest 4x in the genre and also by far the best. I love Gal Civ 2(3) and Stellaris might get there with expansions, but this game has an amazing amount of detail and control. It also has a ton of expansion work that you get for free.This is a tremendous game if you like Transport Tycoon or Dwarf Fortress or love games where you can min/max everything and spend hours on a paused screen customizing your own fleet ship templates for both military use but also your freighters, bases, and exploration ships. Or not, and just use the presets as the game will automatically update them for you as you progress through the massive tech tree."
,Not Recommended,261470,10234415,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ProudCanadian,"I am a longtime 4X genre fan, but I'm getting very frustrated with this game. I really wanted to like this game and I bought it based on the large number of positive reviews. It has a lot of the things a liked about games such as MOO and Galactic Civilizations. But the learning curve for using the interface is just ridiculous!The interface is counter-intuitive in so many places. What would you expect to happen if you select 1st Fleet and then click on a target to attack? About 90% of the time, the brave and mighty ships of the 1st Fleet will do nothing. Those rare few times that they actually attack are almost a shock. Sure you can turn off automation of ""Fleet Formations"", but that's not guaranteed to improve things either. Playing with automation disabled (even just 'mostly' disabled) can be a nightmare itself, with ships just sitting around doing nothing at all. After a few hours of play, I still can't figure out how to send my fully loaded troop transport to recapture an undefended mining base that pirates boarded. Really? Wouldn't you expect to just select the troop transport, and select the mining base as a target and *bam*, job done? Want to choose the best target for a remote mining base? Some scout just found a swampy moon with some kind of age-defying pears growing on it. Great, sign me up! Let's see, I'll click the ""Expansion Planning"" button... now show me my pears! Hello? WTF is the pear swamp? GRRRR!!!!Most of my complaints are related to issuing orders to ships/fleets. Some parts of the game do seem to work as expected. You can automate your spies, for example, and then just override individual spies when you want to send someone on an espionage mission. That's an example of something that IS intuitive. Sadly, it is the exception to the rule.Now I'm sure there will be longtime fans of this game who will vote down my review for love of the game. They probably invested many many hours of play to find the workarounds for the problems (features?) that I describe here. But do YOU want to buy a not-so-cheap game and not be able to play it until you put the time in to learn how to fight the user-interface?Others have commented that the graphics are not great. Personally, I think the graphics are fine. If I can love Galciv, well... this game is several steps ahead. It's a little annoying that ships crowd around starbases and make it hard to select the starbase itself. Also, the text is hard to read in places on 1920x1200. But I find the battle sequences quite satisfying.I still want to love this game, but the game makes itself hard to love."
,Recommended,261470,15280438,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Bob Star,"I'm going to start this off with the obligatory, this game isn't for everyone.  But for me, this game is the ultimate 4x space sim.Many people complain about the price of the game, that it's just too high.  I sympathize, I would be very upset if that prevented my from owning/playing the game.  The reality is, this game has tons of content and accomodates tons of play styles.  I've put in nearly 500 hours and still feel like there's a bunch of things that I still have to experience.My main draw to the game is its scope.  The size of the universe (at the largest setting) is simply astonishing.  This is the only space sim (next to elite dangerous) that really captures the immense size of the universe.  This has essentially ruined Galactic Civilizations for me.  I played GalCiv2 to death but have found GalCivIII very hard to get into now that I've been spoiled by DWU.DWU is a simulation first, game second.  Much like Crusader Kings 2 and Europa Universalis IV, you can just let the computer AI manage your empire's decisions.  DWU has an incredible amount of options regarding what aspects of the empire you want to control so it's up to you to decide.  I find that starting as a prewarp empire is essential when getting into the game initially.  It reduces the early game scope to what most players are familiar with: exploration, finding critical resources and developing some crucial early technologies that allow you to expand and defend your empire.The visual presentation is very utilitarian.  The menus are probably the weakest visual element, but some other aspects of the game are gorgeous.  I think the late game galaxy view is a sight to behold.  So many moving parts bring an incredible amout of life to the game, something you don't get in GalCivIII or any of game I've played for that matter.The ship graphics can be modded, but it's a relatively basic 2d representation. Managing large battles can be challenging when ships overlap, but I have not had to many problems in that regard.  I still prefer the 2d presentation which allows for the massive scale over the more limited 3d turn based views of GalCivIII.The game also allows you to play as a pirate faction which can be a very fun experience, it's more intimate.  You also have the ability to custom build/upgrade your own ships.  You can have the AI do this, but that takes a huge strategical element out of the game.  I'm finding that I like to micro manage this process more and more.This game is one of those rare games that will age (and has aged) very well.  The game mechanics are solid and the simulation is just stellar.  By focusing on those core elements and not so much on the visual side, we have a product that is in a category of it's own.  I understand that some people won't get over the price premium and put way more emphasis on the visual side of things, but I think they are missing the point of what this game ultimately achieves.  For them I recommend GalCivIII (which I enjoy playing), but I will be turning to DWU to scratch my Space 4X itches most of the time.  Highly recommended."
76561198007692969,Not Recommended,261470,14651910,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MegaGrubby,"tl;dr: functionality does not match the high price (worth $25 US imo); many features are complex, mysterious and frustrating; too much AIMy apologies, this is going to be a long review because DW:U is a complicated game.ProsA ton of features and complexityA ton of automationIf you like 4x gaming, you could get a lot of hours out of the game (bang for the buck)Vast galaxy size and many racesMany things can be moddedConsThe AI will often override your settings and actions. For example:- in settings, say you set minimum number of troops on a planet to 4- in settings, you set minimum population for troops to 1 million inhabitants- let's say you have 20ish planets and many have huge populations (greater than 1.5 billion)- let's say you are at peace and your economy is growing. Cash on hand is 300k (top number...upper right), cash flow is 5k (middle number...upper right) and bonus income is 30k (bottom number...upper right)You will scroll through your planets and see that many do not have 4 troops. The reason is because the AI believes you do not have the cash flow to support 4 troops per planet. The AI also believes that lower populations do not warrant 4 troops. So....even though you set 4 troops for planets with any population...the AI decides otherwise.You could even manually place recruit orders for 4 troops on all the planets. You will later review those planets and discover that the AI cancelled those recruit orders or got rid of the troops.A typical game would let you live with the consequences of your settings. Not so in this game. If there is an income level involved in deciding to build troops then that income level should be a setting. It is not, you must live with it and the enemy will often capture your planets because you have no troops defending them.TONS OF FRUSTRATION(and not fun)None of the hidden rules are published and there are a ton of them. Every time I have weird or frustrating behavior, I need to go to the forum. Often, people state how they ""think"" it works.To bypass the AI frustrations you would need to go 100% manual. I've found AI quirks in nearly every aspect of the game. Due to the complexity of the game, a fully manual game will take hundreds of hours to complete and is not a realistic option IMO. Even on manual, you will still need to work around some quirks (e.g. removing low fuel ships before issuing a move command for a fleet).The developers do not seem to be active in the communityThe game starts to feel like cat herding and trying to trick the AI into doing what you want. Often, the solution is the go completely manual. A completely manual game will take forever to play (at least hundreds of hours)For example: A fleet will fly at 1/3 speed ifanyship is overly damaged or is low on fuel. They will also consume more fuel at lower speeds over long distances, compouding the problem. So...every time...before sending a 50 ship fleet to a destination you need to review the status of ships in the fleet, remove ships that will slow down the fleet and then automate or scrap the ships you just removed.Some user interface features are cool but other common tasks can require many clicksVery small community (dead game)Overly complex user interface (e.g. some right click options are only available at certain zoom levels)"
,Recommended,261470,19152902,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Nimble Ninja,"There are plenty of detailed reviews here so here's this:I like the game....alot...Once I learned how to get around the game, I found out how much. It can be different every time you start a new game.  Ship design for me is the most interesting, especially knowing when to upgrade and what possibilities I have within the game itself to customize my fleet.If there is anything I'm not a fan of, it is the late game as it really does bring my computer down to a crawl sometimes.2 thumbs up from me....9 out of 10"
,Recommended,261470,21468643,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hadesdarklord,"A lot of the other reviews for this product, whether for or against, are quite spot-on, in both their assessment of the game's strengths, and its weaknesses.  The game's scale is almost unimaginable (700 Star Systems in a Medium game?  How many planets is that?  Thousands?) the rich game play, the ugly graphics, the variety (what, 30 playable races plus custom options?), the obtuse economic model (I have well over a hundred hours in this game, and still haven't really figured it out).I love it, but it is definitely NOT for everyone.The one thing I want to touch on is something that other reviews fail to mention, or only mention briefly: micromanagement and automation. The flexibility you have for setting how many decisions you get to / have to make is just over the top.  I have never seen another game with anywhere near the fine control over such things.You absolutely CAN turn off most (or all, if you are crazy) of the automated decision making processes, and handle everything yourself.  Good luck with that.The opposite extreme is also true.  You can turn everything over to the AI, and turn it into a giant Galactic Civilization Simulator. This would be a lot more fun if the graphics were better.I typically play somewhere in-between. I turn most of the tedious planet management stuff over to the AI, and keep tech, treaties, and colonization all to me.  By mid to late game, I usually have most of my fleets automated, doing defensive missions like swatting pirates and the like, with one or two Aggressor fleets under my direct command.Someone (I forget exactly who) suggested taking that to a new level.  Pick a nice, aggressive race.  Build up your early empire, and then turn everything over to the AI.  Production, Tech, Diplomacy, the whole nine yards.  Take a fleet, and become the Admiral.  Chase pirates.  When your Empire goes to war, punish her enemies.  The ability to speed up game speed during those times when nothing interesting is happening really makes this a viable game play option.I guess, in my final conclusion, what I like the most about this game is its re-playability.  Not just in starting a new game with different settings, but in actually HOW you play the game.  Not many games offer you that choice."
76561198009581252,Not Recommended,261470,11060321,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,zazmio,"Distant Worlds seems real cool, at first; but then, after a while, you realize that the AI is not playing by the same rules as you.  Not by a long shot.The AI will often field a gigantic space fleet, even if they still only have their homeworld because they're too incompetent to colonize another planet.  You have to pay maintenance, which limits the size of your fleet; apparently, the AI does not.Let's say you start as a pre-warp empire, and all your AI opponents do, too.  After you discover warp drive and explore the galaxy a bit, you'll find that some of your opponents just sit on their homeworlds forever and don't expand, while others expand impossibly fast and will have 10 times or more the colonies you do.  The first couple games, you think that they expand so much faster than you because you are new to the game and don't know what you're doing.  The next couple games, when you understand how the game works better, and they still expand absurdly faster than you, you realize that it's not you, it's the AI cheating.  A lot.After a while of playing this, I began to get the impression that the AI empires are there just to harrass and annoy the player, rather than actually try to win.  For example, you might have this space empire of around 10 colonies; then the AI empire next to you that consists of only it's homeworld decides to embargo your homeworld.  They send their impossibly huge fleet to surround your homeworld.  How could they think they could get away with this?  You're 10 times bigger than they are.  Well, their fleet is almost as big, or maybe even bigger, than yours, because they cheat horribly; but why don't they just declare war on you, then?  This action doesn't help them in any way; you get the impression they have no motivation except to annoy those they don't like.Once war starts, the AI will throw fleets at you.  Over and over and over.  And will invade the same planet again and again and again, which is nigh impossible to stop, even with a huge fleet guarding the planet.  Really, the AI worlds are just spawn points for hordes of ships which they throw at you; even though they will build mining stations, I suspect they don't even have to worry about resources like you do.  It might seem like a crazy comparison, but after a while, I began to feel like I was playing Gauntlet (the old coin op, as in ""green elf needs food, badly"") instead of a 4X strategy game.Look, I've been playing 4X games for years.  I realize that making a decent AI for these types of games is an immense challenge.  However, the AI in this game is so bad, and cheats so blatantly, they're really just not very fun opponents.  Considering that there's no multiplayer, it renders the entire game a pointless waste of time."
76561198079530646,Not Recommended,261470,33277596,Posted: 5 July,all,Bou,"Not worth plowing through the learning curve. After spending much time figuring out the mechanics and complex features, the game shows its shallow core gameplay despite many complex and deep features. The contrast of depth between features is high, some are just underdeveloped. At one point, after the 50 hour mark, I was thinking this was probably the best 4x I've played, but as time went by its flaws and limited gameplay became apparent. In the end this game turned out to be a map painter for me.+ScopeThe scope is something I've never experienced in other 4x games. It is possible to create a galaxy with 1400 star systems. Each star sytem can house planets, gas giants, asteroids and all have their real time Orbital trajectories. Planets are able to contain multiple moons, so we are talking about thousands of planets in total, really impressive.+Living GalaxyThis game does a tremendous job turning boring space into a living galaxy full of mining, trading and transport ships doing their routines like busy ants.+Tech/research treeThere are some interesting choices to be made. For example you can research a reactor which is efficient in the fuel to energy conversion but has relatively low power output or do you go for the reactor that has more power output but inefficient in fuel to energy conversion. Or do you go for one that has a middle grounnd but runs on a different resource. There is a great variety in weapons; Ions, lasers, torpedo's, hangars for fighters with their subclasses, gravitic you name it, it's there. Do you go for the fast shield regeneration or for a slower one but higher shield capacity? The most interesting tech tree I've encountered in the genre.+SpyingSome options which are available: Steal territory map, steal galaxy map, Steal operations map, Sabotage structures and ships, assassinate characters, counter espionage and more. Pretty deep feature and there is a wide range of options.+Ship customizationHands down for the ship customization. The depth is second to none. You need a proper reactor to match the power output of your engines, weapons, hyperdrives. All equipment uses static energy, when weapons, engines or hyperdrives are being activated you will get a peak in your energy output that has to be covered. There even is a Speed vs energy curve for the engines alone which gives incredible details about your energy usage at speed X. The more mass your ship carries the more engines and vector engines you need to keep your acceleration constant.+Galaxy customization+RealismYou have to take into account if a ship has enough fuel to complete a round trip, Ship components need specific resources and so on.+Mod scene+Race specific victory conditionsRace X can have a victory condition like; Mine 25% of the galaxy's total of resource A. Race Y can have something like; Lose the least amount of ships or/and have the biggest trade volume.+Ingame encyclopedia+The game does not snowball as much compared to other 4x+Play as a pirate faction+Pre warp era+/-Economy systemI like the uniqueness of this system. The economy is split into a state sector (=you) and a private sector (the AI). The problem I have with this system is that trading is entirely located in the private sector. The private sector is responsible for trading, mining and transporting and will build ships at your spaceport if they require more. So with other words the AI handles the trading. You have zero influence on trading. For example, when you need resources A from race B you can't ask a X amount from race B and send a Z amount of freighters to transport it...The private sector will get that resource for you, but from what race? How much and how many freighters will they send? I don't know. This is a factor contributing to the shallow overall gameplay. I really would like to see some manual involvement in trading.+/-PiratesA very cool feature with its problems. The whole idea of offering missions to blow up spaceports, ships and smuggling resources at your request is great. You set a starting price and pirates factions are able to offer prices below the starting price. The pirate faction with the lowest offer will get the mission. They will not get paid by you when they fail to achieve their mission. The frustrating part about pirates is the continues invasions of them into your empire. Troops will get rid of them but the broken AI troop recruitment makes manual recruiting so cumbersome for big empires that it is just utter frustration.+/-Steep learning curve-Poor tutorials-AutomatizationSooner or later you will have to turn on some elements of automatization to prevent micromanagement from getting tiresome. The AI makes such weird decisions like sending your ships halfway through the galaxy for refueling or creating inefficient ship designs. AI Troop recruitment didn't function at all in any of my games. I'm sorry but the AI is incompetent , you just can't let the AI take it over without sheer frustration.-Updating ship designsGot a new tech unlocked? Let's update our 15 ship designs. After a few tech unlocks this becomes a chore. You will try turning on the AI automated ship designs for relieve only to discover useless designs leading to more frustration. Updating ship designs takes too much time relative to other features.-Troop managementTransport ships will not always load up troops for 100%. It will often take multiple commands individually before they fully load up. AI automatization of troop recruitement at your planets is broken.-Shallow strategy and tacticsStrategy boils down to attacking the nearest planet with your blob of ships. There is hardly any tactical gameplay battle-wise. Battles are oftentimes clusters of ships attacking the nearest ship, formations don't play a role in this game.-Races don't have interesting traits and do not play differently-Lack of racial interaction and personalityYou don't get the feel of interacting with races and I'm missing personality of races reflecting in gameplay.-Poor AI-DiplomacyRelations detoriate continuously, meaning you will have to give money periodically to prevent them from decreasing. When your border makes contact with your neighbour's border relations deteriorate so fast that war is just inevitable.-Text size is too small(this might be gamebreaking for some people)"
76561198019023654,Not Recommended,261470,23084341,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,CavityCommunion,"I  gave 80 hours to Distant Worlds:Universe. A lot, lot of that time was used learning how the game works. What automation to use, which not, How to look for resources. Mechanics, etc. This can be a very good thing in a game. Crusader Kings 2 is a great example of it.Distant Worlds, however, becomes too much. I'm not motivated to play. When I think about giving DW:U another try I'm immediately annoyed. The game could have been great, but there are too many things to keep track of. Automation can cover a lot for you in the game, but there are too many things I found I needed to handle on my own. This game requires you to pause, take a moment to clear your mind, and then focus on what your plan is. You have to really think, or maybe a better way to describe it was to run through a list in your head of things to check. 5 minutes later recheck. Again and again. Also after I returned to a save game a day or what have you later I'd forget a lot of that plan. DW:U began to feel like work instead of play."
76561198052347169,Recommended,261470,18193997,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,AK_Icebear,"4x/grand strategy in space, done right. Amazing value for money.+ The most epic universe-feel you'll get in this genre.+ Huge customization options.+ Very capable automation *options* that let you determine the level of minutia you'd like to wade through.+ A non-government sector/economy that itself is a joy to watch develop - really hope competitors are taking notes on this feature in particular.* While the visuals are a bit clunky, they can be improved significantly with a few popular mods.- Extremely steep learning curve."
,Recommended,261470,30370662,Posted: 7 March,all,Philoponus,"Fantastic depth. Very steep learning curve. Probably the most complex 4X game ever. Recommended for hardcore 4X-fans only. Terrible graphics, but the gameplay is brillant."
76561198064749920,Recommended,261470,17609192,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FarAwayBuyer,"VERY Complex, with a steep learning curve but great depth.  Each facet of the game can almost be its own mini-game, taking hours to unravel.  If you like figuring out game systems, and getting your interstellar empire to hum like a fine-tuned machine, this game is a must-buy.  I had more fun playing it than any gave I've played since the original Galactic Civilizations.That said, it's dense.  The AI works very well in some regards, but is pretty dense in other regards.  I found ship design to be maddening, as it's got great features but I never could figure out how to get my ships to upgrade without consistently being converted to some other very generic design (I want Plasma Torpedoes, not Missiles!!).It's a beautiful and amazing puzzle for those who love to solve puzzles.  For those who don't, run screaming in the other direction!"
76561197973428004,Recommended,261470,10806146,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Curly Jefferson,"Bought this game one month ago, initially thinking, ""Yikes, pretty steep price, but look at those user reviews...""246 hours of playtime later, learning each and every aspect of the game, getting blown (away) by how much depth and detail there is...Now I know why there were so many ""this is the best 4X game EVAR"" user reviewsTHEY WERE RIGHT. MY GOD MAN, THEY WERE RIGHT!11/10 would let it consume my soul again. (going to now, in fact)"
76561198071458467,Recommended,261470,13135985,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bob the builder,"Distant Worlds Universe is the greatest 4x ever produced.Pros:-Cool looking Death Star like thingsneed I say more but I will-ability to dictate how much micromanagement you wish to do- As a race of hippy blue people you can exterminate every other race in the galaxy with your snazzy Death Stars-There are quite a few mods available, with a very good communityMix:During late game wars things can get pretty hectic especially due to the RTS system, you can't just sit back and watch the havoc unfoldCons:The interface is a little clunky at timesPersonal Rating: If unable to get this game, sell unimportant body parts or family members until able to get this game.Traditional rating: 9.2/10"
,Recommended,261470,23285458,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,The Inquisitor,"Distant Worlds: Universe (DWU) is one of those games not everyone will enjoy for the relative complexity and depth of its mechanics and gameplay, made more difficult to comprehend with a strange looking, but highly functional, UI.If you have been looking for a game where you will be:1. MANAGING a massive empire spanning hundreds of stars, and thousands of planets;2. COMMANDING thousands of fleets, billions of soldiers, and trillions of citizens;3. FIGHTING against dozens of different interstellar empires, invading hundreds of different pre-FTL empires, and defending yourself against (similar to) Mass Effect's Reapers;4. CONTROLLING your ship and station constructions down to what components will they be made from, where they will be built from, whilst managing dozens of different materials which will be used to create these components and constructs;5. All the above supported by a relatively deep research tree (much, much more with mods), with dozens of different weapons, shields, armor, FTL drives, and other several types of components this game has;6. All this played using a clunky, but very informative, UI;7. With a very 2.5D and pixelated ship/station designs (which can simply be upgraded with an HD mod);THEN THIS WILL MOST PROBABLY BE YOUR GAME.Just look at my playtime and you can probably assume that I'm having a lot of fun with this game. That said, mods are highly recommend after your first or second playthrough because they add so much more and they extend your gameplay much, much longer. These mods add things such as:1. Dozens of new components2. Dozens of new races3. Dozens of new ship designs4. Dozens of new technologies to research5. Dozens of new materials to harvest and manage6. Smarter AI, much more difficult than the vanilla AISo yeah. If you liked all the above and you're fine learning using Youtube tutorials, reading, scrolling through dozens of websites just to learn how to play the game enough for you to figure out other things by yourself, then you should buy this game.You shouldn't buy this game if you don't have a lot of time to learn the mechanics, or you have no patience to visit dozens of websites just to figure something out, or you don't like looking at forums to figure out some hidden, un-explained mechanics, or you don't like 2D sprites, or you hate clunky UI and have no wish to penetrate it to feel the gameplay behind it.Decide for yourself :DP.S. If you're interested in buying this game, but you're afraid that you might not find a decent tutorial on the internet, then I highly recommend the very tutorial which taught me to play this game from 100% automation (AKA watching the game play itself) to 0% automation (AKA I'm the Emperor and I rule almost everything I am able to control). This excellent tutorial made me love this game a hundredfold, and I have to thank the one who wrote it.So here it is:https://www.reddit.com/r/DistantWorlds/comments/3678ah/the_masochists_guide_to_dominating_the_galaxy/"
76561198000623977,Not Recommended,261470,32782961,Posted: 25 June,all,Surgo,"There's possibly a good game here. But it is unplayable on modern systems, so I'll never know.This game is simply not designed to run on monitors made since the game came out. You'll need a microscope to read the text on even a 1080p monitor. There's no options for scaling the text to make it legible. To add insult to injury, they put beige text on a black background (okay, that's what I'm typing this on) with grey highlights (WHAT?). Completely unreadable and, as a result, completely unplayable.These complaints have been made in the past. The developers have always claimed that this could not be fixed because of the engine they used. This response is unacceptable for a game selling for $60. Fix your engine. Patch your engine. The game is written in C#, you can and should perform that sort of runtime patching to fix fundamental usability issues that prevents your game from working at all.If you want to play this game, you should have one of those old 1024x768 CRT monitors; you should be able to handle the interface on that. If you have a 1080p monitor or (shudder) a 1440p monitor though, go play one of the many other space 4x games instead. It completely blows my mind that the first version of this game was released in 2010, when 1080p monitors were already commonplace, and this problem exists at all."
76561198012711922,Not Recommended,261470,20478281,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Captiva,"Its been a bit since I played this game. I did enjoy it for what it is. It has some neat features (characters, civilian ships), but once you get over the intimidating interface, and learn how to play, the game was simple and I grew bored.I did not find it as complex and deep as many claim. Just like any game like it, you wont just jump right in. You will have to learn how to play first, but once you figure it out I found it not much different then many of the games already available, and with its dated graphics and high price its not something I would rush to buy.I would recommend this game on a good sale. Full price it too much in my opinion. 50% off is not a bad deal if you really like these sort of games, it is worth it at that price.Edit: Had the 4x itch lately and been playing DWU a bit. This game does a good job of making the galaxy feel more alive then most 4x games, but is very weak on diplomacy and ship designing. Biggest reason I do not recommend is the needless high price with nothing too innovative to justify. Pick up on sale."
,Recommended,261470,31675326,Posted: 10 May,all,Boss Sauce,"TL:DR Great game hindered by graphical quality, difficulty to newcomers, and light diplomacy. For those who put in the effort, they will be rewarded however with a fantastically deep strategic 4X game that is unmatched in scale (1000 star galaxies that actually feel huge)Don't let the immense depth and off-putting graphics fool you: This is one of the best 4X games out there. It is light on diplomacy, but apart from that and the previously mentioned bars to newcomers, this game has incredible depth and size. If you do decide to jump in and spend the $60 (yeah its a bunch, but its the full game plus several expansions) there are several guides, tutorials, and excellent mods (which you should definately play with once you are comfortable with the game) that make the game so much better. Especially look up Das Chrome UI mod right away because it makes the UI understandable. If you don't believe me, look at the hours I have. I only have 161 hours, and I'm still playing.Note that the game is definately oriented towards military so diplomacy is mostly just prolonging war for as long as possible. It is possible to never start a war and play peaceful, but you will need to keep up with military power to avoid being chow for stronger military empires. Or you could just play as the Teekans whom everyone loves and they make tons upon tons of money. Annnnyways great game and stuff.P.S. Also, Star Trek mods exist and you should play with them"
76561198030761622,Recommended,261470,15047773,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,lucid1222,"Ok, so this is my first review i have ever written and I've played alot of games especially in the 4x genre, but this game compelled me to do so...First off when I fired up the game all excited it seemed overwhelming at first with all the menus in the interface.  I soon realized that most everything was automated and it played more of a choose your own adventure approach which kind of turned me off...  Then I digged deeper and found that you could turn off all these automated options and control every aspect of your empire...All I can say is WOW!!  This game has trivialized every 4x game I have ever played.  I am currently in the GCIII early access and that is a great game, but compared to this it is boring.  Ill probably only play GCIII when I'm too inebriated to play distant worlds.  I see some crying about the price saying this isn't a AAA game, well thank god for that, because unlike AAA game titles this is actually a good game with unlimited hours of replayability and mods galore, and if that's not worth sixty bucks well I don't know what to tell you.Bottom line: flat out best 4x game i have ever played.  If you are a fan of this genre and don't own this game it is the biggest mistake you have made in your life as a strategy gamer.4x Games currently owned: (some not on steam older gamer with hard copies.)CIV 1-5GCiv 1-3Endless SpaceEndless LegendsFallen EnchatressCiv Beyond EarthDominions 4Age of wonders IIIWorlds of MagicHOMM III-VIHearts of Iron I-IICrusader KIngs IIEropa Uneversialis IV"
76561198008956586,Recommended,261470,26445488,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,UncleRuckus,"Best 4x space game since Masters of Orion II. There are tons and tons of micromanagement options, but by default it is all automated and you can slowly turn it to manual as you learn the mechanics. And the mechanics are deep, very deep.For instance, you mine celestial bodies for minerals and gases. Then you create components which can then be used to assemble ships. Very underrated game."
76561197990616412,Not Recommended,261470,10258918,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Berserkerbob,"Pros:Looks and sounds greatVery deep research system keeps things from getting staleThe galaxy feels aliveWatching events unfold naturally can be a lot of funCons:Actually playing the game becomes a tedious messHorrible menu systemHard to access necessary informationPathetic AI makes automation a death sentenceToo difficult to keep track all necessary game elements with out help from the AIDistant Worlds: Universe is a game I want to like so badly, but no matter how hard I tried I just couldn't over come the games horrible user interface, pacing issues, and horrible AI.As far as 4x space strategy games go, Distant Worlds has a surprising amount of depth. All of the components of everything you create require a specific type of recourse witch would create a nice challenge as you try to supply distant bases in an ever expanding empire, except that it is unnecessarily difficult to tell what any given base needs. The game provides no warning if, for example, one of your bases has run out of gas to fuel your ships' reactors until you recieve a warning of an alien attack only to realize the defense fleet you had at the station has no fuel and cant move. While this information can be looked up manually, it requires navigating a confusing, poorly ordered menu system, and browsing static menus for long periods of time just is not fun. The bad menus and lack of warning aren't an issue in the early game when your empire is small, but when your empire takes up a large chunk of the galaxy it can be neigh but impossibl to manage.Distant Worlds also takes place at a surprisingly fast pace, with three technology trees that are all recearched simultainiously. New technologies are researched fairly quickly, so you will often find your once mighty fleet quickly becoming obsolete. Between your Military Ships, Civilian Ships, and Stations, which can quickly add up to over thrity designs, can quickly become an overwhelming management crisis, which requires tedious menu browsing to solve. This would not be so bad if not for the games terrible AI. If left to its own devices, the AI that manages you ship upgrades, research, and fleet assignements will damn you with the first pirate base you discover. The AI will equip your ships with a single week beam weapon, or if you are lucky, a few missle pods, then hurl them en mass at an infinitely better equiped pirate base. All the while, it will be researching how to upgrade your ground troops while a human fleet is bombing you from space.I really wanted to like Distant Worlds, but I just couldn't overcome its design flaws. It is a shame, because underneath it all is a  the obvious potential for a really great game. The game looks good, sounds great, and has a level of depth and customization rarely seen in any game. The galaxy really comes alive once you have mad contact with a few neighboring empires, as civilian ships begin to establish trade routes and interact with your intersteallar neighbors, and it can be fun to just kick back and watch things unflod with out your intervention. Acually playing the game however, is a tedious slog down menu lane. If you are a hardcore 4x strategy fan, there may be something here you can salvage, but for anyone else the tedious menu system an terrible AI are just too much."
76561198072302872,Not Recommended,261470,10269665,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,roon.dawg,"I cannot recommend this game without significant reservations.  For many people, this game may be ideal, but most people, even most 4X fans, will find it features too much micromanagement with a weak interface.Distant Worlds is a 4X space game in the mold of Master of Orion and similar games.  It simulates building a space empire including setting up trade, mining asteroids, designing and building your own ships, diplomacy, exploration, and such.  That's a lot of tasks and all of them, to some degree, are interesting.  The problem is they all come at once.Take mining.  You can mine nearly every planet, moon, and asteroid belt in the game.  This is important because mining provides valuable resources.  A large system may have over a dozen mining points in it.  That's fine and all, but that's a lot of mining potential and you receive an alert every time your mining station is attacked.  By what I would consider mid-game, once I've more or less completed my initial expansion and now press up against other empires, I have scores of mining stations.  Mining as a whole is important, but any single mining station isn't particularly valuable.  Thankfully, the AI automation is very good at setting up new mining systems so you don't need to manually send out your mining units.However, the alert system is not so nuanced.  I receive alerts for every attack on every mining station.  Little information is provided on these reports and they come in fast and furious.  I can't tell from an alert whether this is a single pirate destroyer skirmishing on the frontier or the initial attack of an alien armada aimed at my home system.  If you click on an alert you should be sent to the area in question, but the game doesn't change the zoom level.  Watching an attack on a single mining station isn't particularly useful at the galaxy zoom level.  Consider that I am getting a ton of these alerts every minute of the game and the alert system becomes unworkable.The same can be said about nearly every other system in the game: good AI for automation (probably the best I've ever seen in a 4X game), but poor human interface.  Of course once you get used to the AI, which will intelligently colonize planets, choose tech goals, and automate other high-level tasks (and can be turned off or overridden if you want to perform those tasks yourself), you will become frustrated by what the AI doesn't do.Why the AI can intelligently choose a planet for a colony but wouldn't build planet infrastructure or critical star ports is beyond me.Probably some of my complaints could be salved through setting up AI priorities and adjusting other settings in the game, but I'll be damned if I can find the right screens to do that.  The interface is just complex and obtuse.If you are interested in an innovative space 4x with great AI automation then maybe you should give this game a try.  I can't recommend it straight out because it can be really frustrating to work with.  Maybe you will enjoy it, but be warned."
,Recommended,261470,25745957,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,A Glowing Thing,"A summary in one sentence for this game is; Trade Graphics for the best, deepest, 4X, strategy game that has ever been made. This game has a great amount of depth that you might miss the first few hours of playing the game, I will highlight many below. The price might seem high; just note that this actually a base game with some expansions, and the gameplay makes it worth the face value.The primary features of this game that all the others in the genre don't have is every aspect of 4X actually has a major appearance in this game.Exploit:Every body has some sort of resource that can be exploited in the galatic market, contruction, or consumption by your population. The are many critical resources that are difficult to find that can be controlled for many strategic options. The resources are divided into the groups Strategic(critical materials used in contruction and as fuel sources), Luxury(These are consumables for the populace), and others(various materials that are used for specific technologies). Population speicies have different characteristics that benefit your empire as a whole/You start as one, but you can assimilate other races you come accross. Different goverments change the way your empire will interact with others(and the specific races in your empire) there are many different ways you can use this. If pirates are enabled you can use them to do your dirty work for you. Intelligence System: implemented completely in a text/image form you can get many useful things things done ei: Intelligence can report when an empire is making plans with other empires or pirates and you can choose to use the information to change the course of conflicts. Research is divided in three categories, the time it takes to complete research depends on the amount of resources put to it. There are stations and components for each of them individually(These components are boosted by research sites throughout the galaxy). Get a technological edge to get ahead of the other empires. There's definantly more...Expand:When you start a game with custom setting you can have a galaxy with hundreds upon hundreds of stars. Along with other manipulations making resources and quality planets rare or common. As you get more resources and planets your automated civilian traders/transporters grow and manage trade and material/population movements. Every resource is accounted for in tons and they must be actually moved to a place where they are needed, many newly colonized planets will have a hard time getting started as the nessacary resources are shifted to the planet. Having a supportive population will spread word to nearby colony causing them to rebel and join you. Having planets with non supportive populations can cause them to join another fraction or become an independant. There are likely to be independant planets in the galaxy; taking control will be extremely efficient. And more...Explore:Galaxies depending on the settings can be huge. Expansion depends upon exploring stars searching for anything useful like; Ruins(grants you a random amount of money or information), Damaged ships left in space(helpful in the early game), High Quality Colonizable planets, MIning Sites(For either minerals or gases many of the host bodies are not colonizable and you will need to build and protect mining stations), Research Sites(Provides a percent bonus to research taking place there). There are a lot of resource/planet type combinations to find your going to need the most productive locations. Plus more...Exterminate:Military size is ""basically"" dependant on your state income in order to pay for everything in it. The size of the battles is primarily dependant on the size of the galaxy as the increased amount of resources equals a lot more income. Space combat is made up of ships where you pick the components you have availible to you and build those designs. The weapon systems choosen will be your method of destroying the enemy. This goes from anti-ship weapons and nuclear bombardment of planets. Planets can also have ground troops and defences, if you intend to not exterminate the population you will have to invade with your own forces to take control. Ground forces are much simpler to use since they are all preset units. Certain races do not live well together therefore they are not desirable. When dealing with your own population you can choose to assimilate, ban from coming to this planet, allow them to live freely, or exterminate them. Exterminating has an impact on everything involving that race. There is still more...Entirely Unique features:Private vs State Operations - Many of the annoying tasks relating to your population/resources found in other games are mostly automated. I mentioned earlier that the transporting of people, resources, and trading are done by the population itself. This includes them ordering there own ships(that they pay for), giving all the orders, and making sure the resources are correctly divided across your empire. They are also responsible for getting addition contruction resources to the sight as well. The AI will try maintain all of this based on the resources of your empires private sector. There money is entirely seperate from yours other than what you tax them. Simply trading valuable resources internally or externally will turn a profit for the private sector. I find the AI prioritizes things relating to your operations the best it can based on numerous conditions within your empireUniversal Automation- You get a choice of what aspects of rts gameplay you want to manage. If you don't like maintaining exploration. The AI can do it all for you(including contructing the ships needed). If you don't like locating and contructing mining stations(and other Stations) The AI can also do that for you.  The same goes for research/diplomacy/Planetary Management/Planetary Defence/even all military operations. An in game menu allows you at any to time to pick what you like doing and have the AI do what you don't want to do.(Additional menus allow you to set certain priorities/goals for the automated aspects).Amazing Economy Simulation - All the empires/fractions in the galaxy take part in a galatic wide market and internal markets. There are a lot of resources in the game and every single one of them has a changing value within trade based on supply and demand. This make economical strategies possible. You can take advantage of the availibility of major resources to starve planets or entire empires. Preventing them from functioning normally. Or you can use a resource you have to force other empires to become reliant on you for them. When I say internal markets this is for trade between your own planets. you will not always have or need external trade options so your population will buy and sell resources availible within your empire. You will have to play yourself to see how detailed and realistic this simulation is...Final summary:Finding a strategy game that proclaims itself as being a 4X game with a great involvement with all of the X's is hard to come by. This game is that empty hole. All of the features that i mentioned(and the ones i didn't) have effects accross the board. They are all linked in a various number of ways opening up some many options when deciding your course of action.Gameplay wise this is the best strategy game out there. Now we only need this a sequel with full 3-D environments.(I have somewhere around 100+ hours outside of steam. Probably more.)"
76561198060007813,Recommended,261470,29765095,Posted: 7 February,all,pm842,"For me far the best 4x strategy game out there. Higly recommend.From endless complexity to semi or full automation, enjoyable for each fan of galaxy exploraion / conquest type of games indeed. Pay special attention to the title even for it´s relatively higher price, cause it can offer hours and hours of great game experience.Pros:- huge complexity, which can be limited right to your fit through task automation and opposite- player decions are reflected to actual gameplay- race families concept through diplomacy (humans can hardly get friends with reptilians :)- well customisable game scenarios to play, proper difficulty levels- extensive game wiki, tutorialCons:*- a lot of info and options, needs bit of patience in the beginning*- natural resource classification could be improved, sometimes confusing- bit old fashion graphics- trully poor soundtrack- english translation only - no surprise once you see all the content"
76561197981181049,Recommended,261470,23175328,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Old_Game_Geek,"Great grand strategy game with lots of depth.  Steep learning curve and difficult early on to figure out where to find the buttons for everything you want to do.  But once you get past that...  the amount of customization and decision making depth is really fantastic.  If you're not put off by the graphics, there is an enormous amount of info available on the screen and in the menus.Highly recommend to anyone that loves exploration, conquest, and intrigue on a galactic scale."
76561198044105277,Recommended,261470,23824702,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dyler,"Critically underrated.It's a shame that it received any poor reviews.While the game is a bit hefty on the price end, currently $60, $30 if you catch it on a sale, you DO get every DLC for free. It's worth either price, I wouldn't mind spending the full $60 on this, for it has proved its worth.Distant Worlds is an incredibly open-ended space 4x strategy sandbox game. You can manage huge aspects of your empire, down to ship design, attitude toward migrants/foreign alien races, pirates, economy, etc. The generated maps are huge, and one thing about this game that really makes me drool is the seamless transition between galaxy to sector to star system to planet, as well as the lack of direct paths connecting systems that restrict travel; in other words, you can travel literally anywhere on the map, not just concrete points on a straight line between systems. If you want to have a space battle in middle-of-nowhere-deep-space, you can. Anyways, managing a space empire is not easy when you command nearly everything. Such responsibility requires a rather intense learning experience, satisfied by reading a guide or two, maybe watching a youtube series.Once you get the hang of the game (I recommend setting nearly every aspect of your empire to manual control, where the magic is) you can start to open up many other avenues of gameplay. The mod support for Distant Worlds is fantastic, albeit quite contained. The small community, however, seems dedicated.10/10"
76561198028547477,Recommended,261470,33714486,Posted: 22 July,all,Bankipriel,"One of the most amazing 4X games out there.It is a bit dated now, so if you are interested in picking it up, prepare yourself before hand for 30 mins of mod hunting and the requiste installation time. It is worth it. Updating the UI is arguably a ""must,"" and there are some really nice options. There are also some ship and starbase skins that help with the dated graphics.If the negative reviews are still scaring you off, then keep an eye out for Distant Worlds 2 in the future.The devs have confirmed that it is in the works for at least the past 2 years, and just confirmed the project again at the end of June 2017, though with no details at all, nor any hint of a release date.Still, despite the dated graphics and learning curve, I don't understand how anyone can give this game a negative review.It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but the screenshots, game footage previews, and other positive reviews here outline clearly what you would be buying.TLDR:If you are unwilling to install a few mods, require shiny graphics, or can't handle a steep learning curve, then avoid this game. But you will be missing out on one of the best 4X games around."
76561198070996160,Recommended,261470,26483457,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Blausturm,"I loved that game from the first click. It is as deep as universe though quite easy to undestand. For me it was kinda Victoria2 in Space but with much more possibilities and customization. Almost everything is polished and user friendly, And its nice that there is no best way or policy to win. The game is quite expensive but its full and you dont pay heap of 100 dlcs another 100 bucks. I hope to see sequel from the devs with a little better graph,  sound, multiplayer and even much compexity without that popular f### wide market orientation. Best buy in the genre for me!"
76561198007590780,Recommended,261470,30431544,Posted: 10 March,all,yiddoroe,"Treated myself to a new laptop at xmas which came pre-installed windows 10.Gutted when DWU would no longer boot however found an old tip on the following link from Panther_spawn which fixed my issue first time....  well chuffed!https://steamcommunity.com/app/261470/discussions/1/490121928345006657/""Panther_Spawn [has Distant Worlds: Universe] 3 Oct, 2015 @ 12:51amFound a solution that will hopefully work for you. Go to C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\Distant Worlds Universe. Double click startup ini and change playmovie 1 to playmovie 0. Save then re-launch game."""
76561198057109145,Recommended,261470,10215206,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Misteragamer,"This is a great game. First one i've found that honestly lets me just do my own thing if i want, thanks to the Ai taking over everything else. I really like how i can decide what the AI controls and what I control. It's like having a partner who already knows how to play the game and is assiting you as you go.But thats not all, the interactions between races isn't always, ""You must die!"" there is a lot of between. Most of the 4x i've played tend to be very hard to ""make friends"". My first game, i had the pirates on my side for most of it. (not done with that game yet, just thought i'd put my review out there).The only hang up i can see about this game, is the cost. it's a pretty penny, but one well spent if you ask me. To be honest,  this costs less then some ""Alpha"" games lately (won't name, names), and this game is finished.Some folks might have a hang up about the graphics, but please don't let that stop you. Honestly, graphics isn't all that big of a deal, as game play is (of course i wouldn't go back to text only for those of you who remember those types of games). This game has depth, replayability, and so much to learn! I'll be enjoying many hours yet to come playing this game :)"
76561198030728795,Not Recommended,261470,30422734,Posted: 10 March,all,shin.satsuma,"So as a big fan of these sorts of games, I decided to give this game a try while Slitherine was running their big sale (this is in early march, '17).  The UI looked clunky, but the ideas seemed promising.  After downloading the game, however, I discovered that it was built in a rather antequainted and obsolete technology (XNA), which Microsoft killed off several years ago.  It requires a variety of old libraries and redists, as well as Windows Media Player and Internet Explorer, none of which were on my modern Windows 10 Pro machine (except for Edge).  After spending about 1.5 hoours doing IT trouble shooting and still not having it work (after installing all of its pre-requisites) I was forced to conclude that the game was too outdated to be worth troubling with further.  From the write ups and screen shots, it's clear this is a very old title.  The idea that they are still considering $60 as the list price for the game seems ridiculous.  I bought the game for $20, which seems like it probably would have been a reasonable list price for the title, had the game actually worked.Caveat Emptor.  If you have an older machine setup (3+ years old), this game will probably not give you any trouble.  Be sure to wait for a hefty sale, and maybe it'll be worth the trouble ;).  Otherwise, I'd suggest trying something else."
76561198035231184,Not Recommended,261470,10294911,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,nogorose,"Wanted to like the game.  Spent a lot of time reading trying to learn how to properly play it.  Long-time 4x player.The game is very detailed oriented and has great depth.....but the AI is too clunky to let it run portions of your game, and the game is too detailed to run it manually.Some game concepts are not well thought out.  The early game endless pirate raids quickly go from a challenge to just entirely annoying.  Not certain why rebuilding a mining base for the 11th time is ""fun"".Where you start is a game-changer - more than other strategy games.   A lot of getting an hour or so into a map only to realize you are significantly disadvantaged.  Spent a lot of time restarting/regenerating map hoping I wasn't missing a critical resource nearby.I like a challenging game and I like spending the time to learn a very detailed game.  This one just turned out to be more annoying a frustrating than challenging and fun."
,Recommended,261470,30417204,Posted: 9 March,all,Pedro ACE,"The most complete 4X space game I've ever played.It's ugly (although it can be modded to look better), it's interface is a mess and it just seems like it was programmed a decade ago. Also, difficult as it gets, especially with those pirates,., but it's quite the game.Tons of customisation, even to start a new game you can pick tens of options and build a galaxy with 1000 stars, each could have planets, that could have moons, not to mention asteroids and space monsters and space pirates. Just imagine the size of the thing.You can pick your ships modules, advance your race's science, build space stations for research or mining or even defence. You can build colony ships and send them off to a recently discovered planet or build warships and just conquer a inhabited one instead. When you meet new races or pirates you have diplomatic options to use with them. Remember to watch your money, finances are also in the game as are resources that you need to build your stuff, you can mine them or buy them from elsewhere. Ships have evolving drive technology and even limited range (fuel!). Heck, this even has space tourism!If you think all of this is too much, well, you can automate it, every aspect. I don't know why you would, but you CAN!Multi-player would have been awesome in this but, alas, just single-player here.Just imagine, your race has just discovered FTL travel. You design a science/exploration ship. They finally leave your system and they discover something... and it could be bad."
76561198167205285,Not Recommended,261470,13509270,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AlloyDragon,"I really wanted to like this game.  Having played Sword of the Stars just before this, I was very much looking forward to not micro-managing things due to the automation.  The problem is that the automation doesn't work well.The automatically created ships designs include will include a troop compartment on everything that is destroyer class or bigger.  Never mind that there is dedicated troop transport and troops are useless in space battles, I suspect this is because the AI controlled empires wouldn't be able to conquer planet otherwise, as the fleets the automation creates don't make a lot of sense.  In one game I got a strike force (4 ships) with four cruiser in it, and fleet (15 ships) with no crusiers or carriers in it.  Troop transports will get mixed into both strike forces and fleets.  Nevermind that for an invasion to be most successful the troop transports need to massed and attack the planet at the same time, and it is necessary to move the troop transports to a planet enmasse, wait for them to get positioned, and then attack.  Otherwise some of the troops won't participate in the invasion.The automation for the civillian ships can't be turned off and it breaks down hard if you build to many star ports.  The automatic queueing for building mines also can't be turned off, so to avoid having mines built on poor quality resources and/or in locations you don't want to defend, its necessary turn off automation on all of your construction ships.  That means you have to micromanage them, including somtimes telling them to refuel.  Definitely not what I was lookin for.And fricking fuel.  The automated designs don't include nearly enough fuel storage, which is just one of many reasons you'll need to manually design your ships.  Ships can also get completed and be empty on fuel and have to limp slowly somewhere else to get fueled up.  This happens because the civillian ships aren't transporting enough fuel to your star port(s).  The same can happen for other resources and caused the building of your ships and bases to stall for extended periods.When ships are completed their shields typically aren't charged and they only charge up at the regular and slow rate (relatively very slow later in the game).  You can mitigate this by ordering your the components of your ships in specific way so that shields will actually charge while remainder of the ship components are being built.  However, achieving this order requires creating most of the design when better refactor, fuel cell, or shield components come available.  This is because the when a new component is added it always added at the bottom of the list, and those items need to at the top for the shields to charge.  So its not just micro-management but just tedium in the user interface as well.Didn't find the planetary facility automtion useful at all.  It frequently wanted to build wonders on worlds were they would be very slow to build, and also build regular facilities to early in a colonies lifetime given the value of the colony vs. the cost of maintaining the facility.Loading and saving is also quite slow with the top performing SSD currently on the market.  Given the save files aren't all that big, it seems likely its software algorithm issue rather than a throughput issue."
76561197970267233,Not Recommended,261470,10338558,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Vdex,"I bought this game because of the gushing reviews, but I have come to the conclusion that it has a core niche following very familiar with this type of game-play, and for those, this is probably the best game ever.For the rest of us - this game lacks any playable tutorials or easing into mechanism. The tutorials will simply guide you through the menu interfaces. I tried to like it - I watched youtube tutorials and a 2.5 hour playthrough on twitch. I have also spent about 5 hours playing it, and the result is still a game that either I watch the automation system having a good time playing the game. Or I take control of some small aspect (as the guides suggest) but feel that I have not really affected the outcome of the game as 100 big things got automated in the time it took me to do 1 small thing. Boring.Until this game gets tutorials where bits of the game are introduced while being able to have fun learning, I can't recommend this game."
76561197970968073,Not Recommended,261470,12043225,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Roboman,"People who are saying this game is better than MOO 2 are delusional. Really the game is unfinished in my opinion. You have all this AI to do things for you but it's so incompetent that you have to do everything yourself anyways and end up in a nightmare of micro management. If you don't your empire will be brought to it's knees by pirates, your colony ships will colonize planets you have no hope of defending, your construction ships will build bases you can't defend... your military will attack over and over targets that are stronger than them and get smashed. You wil have to micro manage a fleet with a bunch of troops to keep destroying the pirate bases taht pop up on your colonies.You must redesign all your ships as you gain technology and you have to have like 15 different designs (bases, merchant ships, military etc) and you'll have to redesign every ship every 30 mins or so in the early game, or even less. When you design ships, you will have 1 huge list of everything you can put on the ship, and another huge list of everything that's on the ship. No separate sections for weapons, shields, untilities like in MOO. Your ship will have certain things you MUST put on it (you have no option) but you still have to scroll through the list to add it.. pointless. Then you add lifesupport, you have no need to ever put more lifesupport than the minimum for your ship size but guess what? You have to add and remove it yourself.  You can research tractor beams which have the ability to push and pull enemy ships but you can't set your ships engagement range so you will always run towards them if they are weak, and run away if they are strong, until you're dead, ran away or fighting point blank (so you may as well have short range guns every time, the other weapons are pointless).Finally, the game relies on so much chance it's ridiculous. Like you can find certain super weapons and  you will in about 1/3 of your games, and if you do, the game is basically won, easy mode = on. If you don't, you struggle onward. I started out like I do in all 4x games and tried refining my starting strategy until I realized.. the game is just so unpolished, I'm wasting my time trying to learn a game the developers didn't even bother to finish. Ship design is so annoying and would be so simple to make painless (even automatically make reasonable ships) but you're left with frustrations, and your ship pilots are idiots, they make no use different advantages you could design into your ships, so just put on lots of short range guns, and shields and ta-da... do that every 30 min ad nauseum.I see no point in trying to get good at a game that the developers didn't bother to finish before trying to sell it.If they want to improve the game:-make the GUI for ship design less painful-remove the mandatory aspects of ship design (life support? habitation modules... that you need the same # as life suppoort on every ship and it's a separate item so we have more crap to do? ship computer? even reactors... could be done pretty good automatically, plz)-make the AI make reasonable ships so I don't have to do everything myself (I have max tech in lasers and you have 1/2 my weapons the missiles I started out with at the beginning of the game? wtf?-stop the AI from putting up a ton of things you have to defend to spread you so thin you get pirated to death.-have USEFUL information about your mining stations like how much of each resource you are buying each month / year rather than mining, how much are you selling, etc etc. I really want a new 4X space game but this is just not it. I'll hope the new Galactic Civilizations will be playable.-actually look at the weapons your giving me for my research... like there's 2 tractor beams, both cost the same, one is ""long range"" the other isn't... but the short range one is better than the long range one at every single range! Are you kidding me? Are you GD kidding? Finish the game before you sell it!"
,Recommended,261470,10220221,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Greyvaris,"This is the game i always wanted to play .. but no game could deliver. The depth is breathtaking, .. the levels of automation is genius. I only need to play and control what i enjoy controlling. Private enterprise builds its own ships and freighters to go hand in hand with what you do militarily. You build a mining colony.. and they build the mining ships and freighters...What a joy."
76561198074119763,Recommended,261470,28363569,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,zakdoekje (divided we fall),right this game is hands down the most complicated 4x game that i have ever playedpros-u can micro everything or not its up to you-its so complicated-it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of research options-i love how you have to actualy get the recources if you want to build something-there is more then just 2 rescources there is over 20 idk how much but its a LOT-gameplay wise its way way better then stellaris-differnt gamemodescons-♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics yes i must admit graphics are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥but i don't care about graphics i care about gameplay-limited diplomacy. even though this game has almost everything right in terms of gameplay i feel like it still lacks in diplomatic options-i don't like the music-♥♥♥♥♥♥ ui yes the ui is pretty bad imo and it takes a long time before you actualy know what each button does and how to get♥♥♥♥♥♥doneconclusion if you like stellaris then you will like this game too! its just far far better in terms of gameplay but also far far more difficult and while stellaris has good graphics and a easy to use interface this game has bad graphics and bad ui its gameplay is far supperior then stellaris
76561198103024609,Recommended,261470,30712305,Posted: 24 March,all,Ben Franklinstein,"This is pretty much my favorite game on Steam. It's like SimCity, in space. With spies. And you get to wage war with neighboring governments. Micro manage your empire or automate all but your favorite parts. It has replay value. Forget the end-game goals. It's just a fun to play game. It's not frantic like RTS, where you can't just enjoy the game because time is of the essence. It's a management game.Yeah, it's 2D. But this game is all about the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,261470,17421902,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,WadeStar,"It's not complex the way Dwarf Fortress is complex. I play it totally un-automated. I think its initial full-automation and apparent complexity, though, masks a lot of its true failings. Its mechanics are needlessly obfuscated (I still can't tell you how a planet's profit is calculated or how size correlates with other factors to determine max population). For example, the game irrationally misleads you by presenting values as percentages when they're really just multipliers. An asteroid with 66% iron, 50% gold, and 40% iridium, huh? Yeah, that's just the relative rate at which you mine those substances (.66 iron per ""click"", .5 gold, .4 iridium, etc). The asteroid isn't literally composed of 156% heavy metals. That doesn't even make sense. There are also a lot of annoying things the developer put in when a more elegant solution would have been better. For example, there is a mining cap of 10 extraction points on all planets so it's pointless to add more than 4 extractors (for 3 extraction points each) onto your mining bases. This was done so that players couldn't get away with just having a few mega-mines in their empire, which are obviously easier to defend and have superior logistics. This as opposed to an elegant solution like a diminishing return on stacked extractors' mining rate. The diplomacy system is still horribly late 90's style bad where, instead of just telling you how much money they want from you, you have to play a guessing game by increasing/decreasing your offer (do any games do this anymore?!). Who doesn't enjoy clicking buttons until they find the right number? Then there's the unenforced peace treaties where you can either bribe or accept a bribe from someone and declare war immediately with laughable consequences (oh, I have a bad reputation now... well, I don't care, I'm annihilating everything anyway). Oh and then there are forms of government you can choose for your empire that have absolutely no merit. There is no situation where National Socialism is more useful than Monarchy. Don't get me started on how the Return of The Shakturi events allow the balance to be broken simply by discovering a precursor ship with level 7 technology in the first year of the game. Way to go, you have an invincible war machine. But if the AI gets it, they inexplicably won't finish the job of destroying you."
,Recommended,261470,33739355,Posted: 23 July,all,ｆｕｋｅ,"$60 for a 90s-looking game seems a little bit steep but this is easily the best 4x space strategy ever made. I hate to disparage the work of so many awesome dev teams out there but nothing else comes close to this. Main reasons why IMHO.. some other games have a couple of these but none has it all:-Real time (can pause/speed up/slow down)-No monolithic race/empire system - you can often have many empires of the same race, and/or multiple races in the same empire. When you find some bird people they might be divided into 3-4+ separate nations and fighting each other across ideological lines. It's not just going to be the single united BigBirdian Empire every time.-No toggling between galaxy/system views - you can zoom in/out SMOOTHLY from the entire galaxy to a single freighter ship in the middle of nowhere -- this more than makes up for any relative deficiencies in the 2d graphics (which look a lot better ingame than in the Steam store screenshots btw). Also the planets actually rotate around their suns, and satellites around their planets!-Incredible depth of automation options. You can choose what and where to automate, whether it's taxes and immigration or entire systems and fleets. You can put the whole Federation on autopilot and just control the USS Enterprise and go explore♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even if you love micromanaging, at some point you will get so big that you basically have to start automating certain things to get♥♥♥♥♥♥done, but you can always toggle back and forth freely or override your AI; there are no ""sector system"" penalties a la Stellaris. Coolest thing about this is the advisor-mode which is a compromise where the AI just asks you for permission to do things (colonize a new planet, build 3 more carrier groups to fight the pirates, massacre the opposition on planet Z with a mech force, etc.) ... really makes you feel like a boss.-Private sector economy - civilian ships flying around all over the place, and pirates trying to jack them and blow them up. Instead of arbitrary ""trade"" and ""piracy"" and ""tourism"" modifiers to your income, you can actually see the♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of individual ships trading cargo etc. The big numbers are a sum of each of their separate, observably simulated activities - and you can try to protect them or rob any one of them yourself.-Mod-friendly, several great mods available (more races, more techs, more ships, total conversions for Star Trek and Star Wars, etc). Also, unlike the 90s-era games it looks like, it's stable AF and never crashed to desktop on me.. even with a bunch of weird mods :P"
76561198076428547,Not Recommended,261470,12136544,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Shadow Fox,"This game came so close to being the best 4x game ever created, but they lacked possibly the most important feature that most games lack... an intelligent AI.  You have the power to micromanage every detail in a vast galactic empire which very quickly becomes tedious so you turn over certain parts of your reign to your artificial intelligence that proceeds to fly around in circles or protect the worst possible things to protect.  This problem is only compounded with your opponents because they too are working under a faulty artificial intelligence that doesn't know how to defend itself.  I am rating the game so highly because it really did come close, but I find the game unplayable so I cannot recommend it.7/10"
76561198001956383,Not Recommended,261470,20039217,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,kolpo_polpo,"Do not buy this game if you have a 4K monitor, you can't change the resolution of this game it just uses the desktop resolution. Things are very hard to read, playing this gives me a headache. Even when I try to change the desktop resolution does an anti aliasing bug cause things to be blurry. While changing the font size of windows increases some of the text do many text in game still stay tiny,  I fear I just wasted money."
,Recommended,261470,28726756,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pseudo,"So I just got this game and I'm completely hooked. It has a level of depth and complexity that I have not seen in another 4X game. A lot of other reviews that are critical of it say the same thing:- The game is too complex to micromanage- If you automate you don't do anythingWhat they fail to mention is that the game has a huge suite of automation options, including the ability to specify how the AI should behave in its automated tasks. Basically you can automate as much or as little as you want. This is a huge feature to me, as I'm not typically very good at fleet management or ship design, so I can focus instead on managing colonization, the economy, intelligence missions, and my empire's path through the technology tree. There is no need for an all or nothing approach to micromanagement and automation - there is always a happy in-between.On top of that the game has a variety of alien species with their own victory goals. There's a robust system supporting pirate factions, and allowing you to play as pirates with your own asymmetrical goals to profit and spread your criminal network, and do the dirty work of the different civilizations. This game has a lot going on, but is well-design enough and supported by the automation options that you can play at any level from micromanaging everything to playing at emperor and handling only the diplomatic decisions of the country. Most people will want something in between. Learning all the different systems can be difficult, but if you have patience and tackle them as you're ready while automating what you don't get yet, you can find your way.My only complaint is that the UI is ugly as sin and I have to squint a bit to read it, but neither of those have kept me from staying up all night playing the game."
76561198106013105,Recommended,261470,25955707,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,"This game is huge. I bought the box version in 2010. Back then the game needed a lot of work. I stopped playing until now. It has definintely improved.EconomyThere isn't any. No buildings to put down on tiles. No structures to upgrade for minimal gains. Everything revolves around the star ports and theird construction bays which build the ships. The player orders military ships to be built and the AI handles all of the cargo and freight ships.Mining BasesThis can be automated and some automation is nice later in the game as the construction ships will go out and build mining and gas mining stuff for you. Reccomend not a lot of that since it can drive costs up. Exploring for cool resources is really fun and a large part of the early game. There are many resources to get. All resources can be bought (auto) by worlds as they need it, but it is best to have your own sources. Plantes can be taxed higher if they have steady supplies of Luxury resources.AuotmationThis is a huge game. There are many screens and settings all over the palce. It takes a while to get what you want with the settings. The automation really helps in the areas you do not want to handle.ResearchThere are three research areas. Weaponry, Energy+construction, and high tech. They are all useful. Some techs give bonuses for income and they are important later in the game.Ships and BasesYou can design these nicely. You just add components to the design. There are no blocks to place stuff, you just add the items to a list and that is the ship. Weapons and shields all have 360 degree arcs. However, sometimes refitting your ships, adding them to fleets, and managing it all is a little clunky. One thing is certain = the player will have hundreds of ships in their Empire. Again, many can be automated to patrol important areas. This is very useful if you have the pirates active. The game is kind of boring without pirates I found.Research TechsVery cool as there are lots of different techs to get. For example, there are several weapon areas, each useful. Some are long ranged weapons, some are short ranged, fast firing or slow firing, different damage amounts. Unlike some other space 4x games the items do not just scale up a little at a time. New items become available as you go down the tree of techs.WorldsThey have population. This is where income is from, as well as star port trading and the 'civilian' income. It takes a long time to grow people.Set UpThis is very important! There are many options for setting up a game. I prefer really slow technology, so I changed the slowest auto setting to even slower. I like it.Distant Worlds Universe is not a light game. Managing a large Empire can be a daunting task. I would not reccoment this game to a newer player. Controlling fleets, espionage (donw right for once!), diplomacy, resource managment, choosing techs and designing ships can be quite a handful. I find it really fun.Oops, once last thing .... sound. This game has serious sound problems. The music only loops once for me, so I turn the setting way down and play my own songs. Many times the in-game sounds junk out, but they usually come back on.Also, the graphics are not the greatest but they are decent.Good huge game."
76561197967559739,Recommended,261470,10227400,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,thebiocreep,"Ok. I was pretty excited for this game after watching videos about it and researching it before it became available on steam. After I purchased this I was still suprised at the sheer complexity and learning curve this game requires.I tried watching the AI and that didn't work, so I started a new game and tried to micro, learning by pain. It was slow and painful. But I did learn a few things. I had to turn AI back on on almost everything and it slowly became more enjoyable. I blew it on the economy though and lost my colony, losing the game. (my 3rd game)So for this initial review and first impressions I would say that it is a buy IF you want to dedicate yourself to learning this game in and out to be effective.  I am enjoying it, although the very first impression was a WTF moment.This game could really use a streamline of the research trees (more detailed discriptions and easier to find que). Alot more streamlining of the UI would realy help a ton and make this into the gem that is obviously there after a few playthroughs. Its hard to remember which screen has this hidden thing to fix another hidden thing. ack.If you are buying this game dont be scared to experiment to find the ""fun"" setting that seems to work for you in regards to speed, era, etc. Every game seems unique after the initial starting phase.I recommend this game. I hope to update this after I learn more. Learning this game is a *hefty* investment.EDIT 1: Ok, I have played a few games. This game is huge, and requires alot of micro to get the full enjoyment out of it.Pros : Feels live, there is always something to do, time will pass quickly. You feel like an emperor or diety in this game in a way, depending on your micro. The races are cool, and there are lots of them! Like someone said before, its facinating like a giant ant farm. It is FUN.Cons: UI could use some combining/streamlining, Ships will sometimes bug out, and refuse to upgrade or move. (I had a full fleet that would not upgrade to hyperdrive, and was stuck at the planet for hours until I just ended the game).Resource management is a real pain. (why cant I see which planet I am prioritizing, and where it is easily? Why does AI shoot for a far away system when mining where I have no control unless I micro, and get itself killed anyways?)Ship design is a bit bleh.So there are my impressions. Honestly though this game is hard, and time consuming. But it is fun.for the price I am not sure it is a good buy. I just bought Galactic Civ II and played that alot. That is a much simpler game compared to this, by far. But for the price, Galactic Civ II is worth it( bout 8 hours played offline). I think this game is worth bout 40-45 bucks. But it is a really hard, (cause of resource management), dated, but in depth game. I do like it.Quick Tip: Turn down the pirates, and make them destroyable in settings. It slows the pace of people attacking you left and right and bribes, making it much easier to learn."
76561198025903993,Recommended,261470,10214613,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,xaaaaguuuu,Possibly one of the most confusing games I've ever played but still fun if you take the time to understand the concepts.  Not an easy space empire builder.  The amount of automation is gigantic and not to be taken lightly.  Graphics are older but still awesome.  The veiw is 2 demensional.  Highly fun... just a little insane at first.
76561198021804973,Recommended,261470,12935786,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Nordling Ripcord,"In my opinion this IS the game I have wanted for a very long time.Watch the videos if you are having a difficult time getting started.Try your best to stay away from automating activities. You will will enjoy the game more the more you do yourself.If you have a ship that you have a specific task for learn how to use the Editor to rename that ship appropriately. For instance I use a few Construction Ships to do nothing but build Defense Bases so i rename them ""Defense Builder One,... Two, etc.""This helps me keep track of what I have intended them to do.It will be years before this one will gets old for me."
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,261470,15873316,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hade,"This game came out in March 2010 for 30 bucks, but I couldn't register it on Matrix website, since I bought it on Gamer's Gate. I bought the 1st expansion from Matrix (only place available), got it to work once, got a new pc, they came out with a patch and 2 never worked together again (customer support was useless). Five years later this comes to Steam with all 3 expansions. This game is 5 years old and not worth the 60 dollar price tag, and it's only 32 bit. If you're lucky, you might actually complete a game before it gets really bogged down from all the ships in play.From what I've seen of Matrix, they would rather discontinue a game before dropping the price tag to something reasonable. All their games are over-price. So if you're waiting for a 50% off sale, it'll never happen, the most you might get is 10% off at the end of the year.This game is buggy.Just in my limited time of play, I've found so many bugs. I'll list a few that just irritated me.When setting up your empires policies. I like mine setup so that whenever a new planet is colonized, it immediately starts building a defensive base. However that's not always available from game to game. I've started 7 seven games so far (all with the exact same settings and race). Of those seven, only in 3 I had the option to build defensive bases when a planet is colonized. I think it was games, 1, 4, and 5. How does that make any sense?Games 2, 3, 4, had to be abandoned due to some weird glitch that caused my population growth to jump to 109%, maxing it out in seconds, then my cash and income showed infinity, my 1 and only planet would build every ship, regardless of how they were queued, except colony ships.Game 5, my automated explorers would explore a system, but when you clicked on a specific location, it wouldn't tell you how much of a % of that resource there was. So then you had to do it manually. Game abandoned.Game 6 had to be abandon because all the civilian ships (the ones you can't control) just sat at a starbase and wouldn't move. Since no resources were being delivered, nothing could be built. After messing around with it for 1/2 hour I gave up.Often times you give your ships orders and they just ignore them. For instance, I wanted a fleet to attack a pirate base that was close, gave the order and it just sat there ignoring the order. Or I order a constructor ship to refit/refuel, but they just ignore the order. Some of my constructor ships were like 10 levels behind on tech, but just refused to upgrade. I remember this problem from when I played this game 5 years ago.Sometimes there's the option to refuel a ship, other times there isn't.Sometimes you can build a certain base on a remote or colonized planet (with a constructor), other times you can't. Or it'll accept the order, but won't actually build it.And the list goes on and on.And there are some in game mechanics that I just can't stand or don't make sense to me.For instance, the bigger your empire, the more you have invested in research, the less you research. I read the reason for that was so the smaller empires had a chance of catching up in tech. Yes, lets just pointlessly build money sucking bases that do nothing.You get leaders (heroes or whatever you want to call them), and then the leaders get dismissed randomly due to incompetence. My empire leader in game 1 was dismissed, never got another. WTF! (actually completed game 1). Game 2 had 2 empire leaders from the start, only one of them had stats. Supposedly some of the buildings you build will attracted new leaders. I had a Science academy (they're supposed to increase the chance of getting a researcher) on 40 planets (game 1), but I had no research leaders thought out the game (the only 1 I had was dismissed early on). One of my fleet leaders was killed in battle, even though I lost no ships and none of them took any damage (except shields halfway). I noticed that for every leader that's dismissed, it also says there were killed.Looking at the research tree, for some of the items you have no clue why you would want to research them. Like energy collection, I have no idea what it does for you or why I even need it.For bases you can click on ""mercenary defense mission"". There's no explanation in the help for it. Clicking on it costs some money. But when the base gets attacked, it makes no difference. I've tried this before, during and after a raid from pirates. I have yet to figure out what it actually does.One of the expansions added different types of troops, frankly they could have just left that out and just stuck with one type of troop for all the difference it makes.I read that people who like this game just love the pre-warp option, frankly, that just makes the game even more boring then it already is, waiting for tech to get researched so you can actually get somewhere.The messages you get flash on by and there's no way to adjust message speed. You can look in to the message history, but it's useless since clicking on messages in there doesn't take you to the location and by the time you look in there, it's too late anyway.I do like some of the options they've added for the game, like setting a limit on how many sectors out you can colonize out.Also if you fully automate everything, then the game will play it self and you can go watch tv. Why did I buy this game again?Depending on your automation settings, either the game is fast to micromanagement from hell. With ship designs, it's either the game makes the designs, or you do, but not both. Just what I want to do, spend hours designing ships only to find out that I have to abandon the game due to some weird bug that was never fixed.Due to all the bugs that haven't been fixed, and unless they fixed a lot of the issues, the only thing it deserves so far is a negative.Currently on game 7, wonder if I'll actually be able to finish it......."
76561197998055733,Recommended,261470,10234959,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Overheader,"Best and most refreshing space strategy I´ve played! Well worth it´s price tag! I´ve wanted to play this game for years, and finally it is on steam! Now, first this review will tell about my first game, then I will tell shortly about gameplay:FIRST GAME EXPERIENCE:I just played my first game with 1400 stars galaxy, starting with evil instectoid race. I pretty much grew quietly, while big factions like humans and others (dont remember names yet, first game) lived happily in their peace. First was the other insectoid (I thought them lizards) race, which I conquered except their homeworld, and ever since I have been having them subdued, as a slave race (yummy economic boost) and ignoring their constant pleas for freedom.Next was same species as me, with another hive mind. Having another as aggressive as me cannot be allowed, and I conquered them under week, since they were pretty much surrounded by my space once I had conquered lizard race. Hive mind is joined to mine pathetically fast.Third, blue skinned race with close relations to humans. I start war with them, and humans support them for few weeks, conquering few colonies from me, until humans are passive sheeps they are and just sign peace again with me, leaving their friend race to be conquered in next few years. Now blues skins are also subdued, enslaved race with only their homeworld left. *evil snickers*Fourth, becomes galactic chaos as I start my war with big human empire, which crumbles and divides to now 5 different factions, after their military have failed to defend themselves before my mighty insectoids, as I just raze their worlds instead of conquering them with troops.Now, I´ve almost finished conquering small fractions that are left of the old, once big human empire, while other races and fractured, new independent human empires just cover in fear, my reputation as race diabolical due to dozens of human worlds I razed. Few of the other races went through fracturing too as they watched me destroy their ally. Could be though it is not because of my actions, but yeah, I have pretty much won, as there is only small races, some fractured, humans especially so. Only one who could now stop me or at least prove a challenge are humans if they´d unite, since they have quite powerful weapons, but I dont see that happening, and other races are constantly sending me money probably to keep me away from them. Or if every race that despise me because of my brutality towards humans (they all do) would start all war with me, that could actually be end of me, since together I think they have small, but probably big enough upper hand in numbers. But no, they are too busy with wars between each other and fearing/hating me.GAMEPLAY:This game is very different from other 4x games. It is RTS, which can be stopped. You yourself don´t actually do anything else, except rule, which is pretty much accepting the ideas/suggestions what your empire should do that your army of advisors and generals send you. Wars happen like that your generals plan and do the dirty work, they suggest attacks/invasions/bombardings to locations X with fleet/strike force X. Same kind of system applies to new colonies/bases and new diplomatic moves and refitting your ships and colonies with new technologies, ship building orders too. It is as if you are actually, really some kind of supreme commander sitting at some cozy and mighty throne room, looking at map as your empire grows. You can actually zoom in and see the civilians do their work, live their lives, go from a to b either to mine or transport goods or migrants or whatever.This game is not about micromanagement, this game is about RULING. Things like assigning civilians/miners/transporters/traders anything like that is BENEATH you, so it happens automatically! which I think is so deliciously realistic, it feels like you are actually governing empire full of people! I just love it... Sorry, I think I´m getting repetitive, but I fear that some people don´t understand why so many things are automated, so I try to explain it as best I can.I should mention that some of these things automation/adviced can be turned off, so if you want you can assign your build orders, fleet formation, diplomatic actions, strategic fleet movements and attacks, everything except for civilian actions (mining, transportation etc) yourself. You can say ""shut up"" to your advisors, but I think it´s not humanly possible to micromanage it all, especially towards the endgame.*** 28.5. EDIT: As I play further and learn more, I´ve discovered that the amount of settings how much and specifically you can make your advisors do things independently, recommend you or shut up about certain things is IMMENSIVE. At ""Empire Policies"" you can customize so many things, automation on really specific things, and how your advisors do certain things, after which amount of population you build new installation/base to your colony or it´s orbit, etc etc.So, this deep game is even deeper! ***...TL;DR? HERE:Enslaved two races, forced one to join me, caused galactical era of chaos, war and infighting not to mention countless deaths in process. Divided and conquered a galaxy. No micromanagement, just pure ruling and grand decision making.BUY IT."
,Recommended,261470,10258867,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MutantXenu,"I bought this on a whim and having been having a lot of fun learning the ins and outs.  You can go for uber-micro where you manage every little aspect of the game... from ship designs, to colony tax rates, to research, to ground troop deployment, to ship maneuvering, to fleet operations, to... well, you name it.  Alternatively, you can play the role of a lone ship captain, turn all management over to the AI, and just manage one... single... ship.  This way, you can get a feel for the game and see what kinds of decisions and operations the AI takes out so you don't feel totally overwhelmed.My first shot at controlling a minimal amount of ships went like this:- Set things up in the Age of Shadows, kept pirates weak, went for smaller sectors, played pre-warp Empire- Took command of the first exploration ship that got produced by the AI- Bee-lined it for a planet that contained ruins on it (signified by three dots next to the name in the map)- Uncovered the secrets of warp.  Changed up the research tree to concentrate on warp capabilities- By this time, the AI popped out a two-ship fleet containing a frigate and a destroyer.  I decided to switch the exploration ship to auto and then assumed command of the fleet- With this mini-fleet, I was able to fend off some pirate attacks.  Unfortunately, one of my mining stations fell and was taken control by the blasted pirates.- I destroyed the pirate controlled mining station which kicked out a data core that gave me coordinates to an abandoned ship in a nearby sector.- I visited that sector and uncovered a Capital ship that was adrift.  I could not believe my luck!  It had a huge warp inhibitor field to prevent enemies from running away, a large squadron of on-board fighters, tractor beams, and massive firepower.  I quickly added that to my fleet.- The AI sent out several exploration ships which lead to the discovery of the base of operations for a pirate gang.  I brought the Capital ship enabled fleet to the system and was able to wipe that base out.- Their base in shambles, the pirates quickly thought better of the situation and handed the remnants of their fleet over to me.Wow.  Is that cool or what???All of that occurred without much micro-managing.  The AI did the heavy lifting and I was able to engage in the fun of simply being a Fleet Commander.  Very cool stuff.  There is definitely a learning curve, but having a neckbeard is not a hard and fast requirement to enjoy this deep game.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,261470,10215981,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,m3chladon,Has a great amount of options to allow the player to choose if they want the game to be more casual or extremely hardcore. It's incredibly solid and the mod support is pretty amazing. I see myself playing this game for many months to come.
,Recommended,261470,29837257,Posted: 10 February,all,Tomas Nau,"This is a great game. Complex, difficult and not for beginners. This is the Space 4X to play once you've decided Master of Orion II is too simple for you. Civilian trade and one of the most realistic economies I've seen in this genre are two things this game has over the competition.Don't be fooled by my ah extremely low steam playtime on this. Distant Worlds: Universe crashes if I try loading it from steam. That, the ah genericness of the aliens and not being as pretty as stellaris, which given the different year it was released in is 100% understandable are the only downsides."
76561198046269353,Recommended,261470,11121585,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,blackmaniac,Best Game Since Masters of Orion!!Needs some polishing in the UI department.
,Recommended,261470,10219485,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hangfire,"This game is for anyone who has ever played a 4x game, from Reach for the Stars, Civ, and MOO, to the latest ones like StarDrive, Endless Space, and Horizon, and just wanted MORE... More contol, more options, and more things to do.  It is easily the most fully functional and fully realized 4x game out there.But ""Hey!"" you might be saying, ""That all sounds great, but it has to be insanely complicated if it gives you that much control, right?""Wrong!Well okay, sorta wrong.  The game CAN be very complicated if you want it to be, but there are also tons of options for automation, to the point that you can pretty much let the game play with itself while you watch (you pervert).Before now there was only really one barrier to playing this game, and that was cost.  The game consisted of the base set and three (now four) addons, each rather costly and for quite awhile Matrix Games was pretty unyeilding on their pricing structure.  But no more...  Now you can get the base and all the addons for the price of a single game.Why are you still reading this?  Buy the game already.***I am updating this review for the Steam awards.  I still love this game, and it deserves the Just 5 more minutes award because I have lost far too much time into this game.  It is one of those where you look up and realize that it is 4am and you have to work in the morning kind of games."
,Recommended,261470,10215803,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,RT_Mythictang,Been playing this game since legend version realeased. Fantastic micro-management with tons of new stuff to discover. It's absolutely a 4X Space Strategy Game that worth to buy even when its on full price. :)
76561197977345078,Recommended,261470,16047036,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,jrasdall,"This game isn't for everyone: it's massively, opaquely complex and it's perfectly willing to run off without you if you let it.  But if - IF - it's your cup of tea, there's nothing else like it.  In terms of scope, ambition, scale and style, it is one of the finest SF 4X TBS games in existence anywhere.  Hardcore 4X fans, Accept No Substitutes.(For the record, I say this as someone who considers Dominions 3 - ma-a-a-aybe Dom4, but definitely Dom3 - to be one of the greatest TBS games ever made.)"
76561198049313249,Not Recommended,261470,15628064,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,nerevarine,"UPDATE: The game no longer launches on startup. Just crashes while loading. (""has stopped working""). LAME. There have been no new updates either. Made in China?Encountering too many crashes in later, bigger games. Overall shoddy feel of the interface and functions don't help. Worst, is the random civil war crap. Anytime your empire gets big EVEN IF YOU HAVE ZERO WAR WEARINESS and your people are happy, civil war can break out and half your empire switches over.There is no way to disable this unless you start all over again and supposedly (from what others say) turn off random events---which takes away all the other random events that make the game interesting. But isn't that funny, it's a ""random event"". What a bunch of bull.The only other way to mitigate this is to use the in-game editor to MANUALLY change each revolting planet and ship back to your side. It's funny too how the ""other side"" of the civil war are a totally other race! Were all those other Humans really alien shapeshifters?Anyways, unless you want to spend loads of time watching nothing and fighting with the game to get it to do what you want, don't bother.Distand Worlds: Universe takes the 4X ""conquer the galaxy"" genre and weaves it into a large-scale RTS game.How could this even work? In most RTS games, you might get to a point of managing a large empire with 40 colonies or much more, and can devolve into a sadistic routine of micro-management.To sovle this, the game puts a lot of emphasis on automation. Letting the AI run things for you.This works and fails at the same time.Where is works:-you can tweak what you want to manage yourself vs. what the AI managesHow it fails:-the AI is stupid, it needs too much hand-holding, fights against your decisions, all the time, leading to micromanagement of the AIExample:-the AI will auto-design ships and not make them the best they can be.-the AI will put ships into a fleets and strike groups and send it out to the middle of nowhere for no reason-when you override AI control of fleets, ships, strike groups, the AI will re-override with it's own inferior decision making capability-During a war, you might have 500 ships and the enemy is attacking ONE system. Rather than defend, the AI will send all your ships to patrol your other systems. This leads to constant fighting with the AI where you order your ships to defend the system, they get there, then the AI overrides and sends them away. I'm not joking, even AFTER YOU DISABLE the AI capability, this happens.-To disable AI, you can set it up where it doesn't form fleets when you build ships, rather, you can do it manually. Or if the AI forms groups, you can go in to each group separately and disable AI command. THIS IS WAY TOO CUMBERSOME, because of the poor interface, is poorly organized, and extremely glitchy/blippy, and sloooooow. Extremely rough and skiddish at best.Where as in other games, you can pull up a list of all your ships and fleets and issue orders, settings, global settings, this game let's you pull up the ships, but you have to exit the list to focus on the ship/fleet you select, and then work on issuing commands. Then you have to go back and pull up the list again, scroll through the list looking for it, it's soooo incredibly poorly organized and slow, and then wash, rinse, repeat. Total fail.It's almost best that you form your own 5 kick-butt fleets, that you always will control, and let the AI handle everything else. Even in this scenario, everything will fall apart into disarray when a big war breaks out.Graphically, the game looks okay, but the weapon effects and ship designs mostly looks like something out of an♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't mind lacking graphics.What I DO MIND, is old, simple graphics that run like crap.This game's graphics would have been appropriate for something 20 years ago.The ships are just 2D static pictures.No flashing lights or effects or anything.*Just a .jpg that flies around and shoots other .jpgs at other .jpgs.*So why does this run so bad? I fault the developer, bad programming, that sort of thing.Has nothing to do with your system when you can easily play a Total War game with thousands of soldiers rendered in full 3D bashing each other over the head, but this game struggles with hundreds of flat 2D pictures moving on the screen. It's like they used a cheap game maker engine from the 90s that wasn't designed to handle so many moving pictures.Diplomacy is a fair attempt to do something more than throw money at the other side for peace or something.But the poor game performance shows its ugly face even where when you try to trade something and it struggles to load the list of things you need to trade. In the end, it is pretty much ""throw money at everything"".Pirates are a separate party in the game, but are totally annoying and unrealistic.I LIKE:Using governerors, hero-type characters to assign to missions, that it is RTS, that managing colonies aspect of AI works well, that there are different ways to play the game (just manage building your empire or assigned you leader to a ship and fly around blowing up pirates or raiding civilian ships), I like there is civilian traffic and trade that goes on automatically, you can build space-stations near black-holes for tourism, I like customization of own ships even being able to use other ""picture"" designs not inherit to your race, I like the research system, I actually like the space combat, it's simple and effective, good sound-effects. I love watching space carriers act like REAL carriers where they can launch dozens of fighters, I also like you can invade planets and watch the ground-battles take place (it sucks you have to manually order all your troop transports to be sure to load troops which should be done automatically when built), and the economic system involving more logistics (fuel, mining) is good, I love the size of the galaxy can be ridiculously huge, that you can impose embargo's on other empires, that you can destroy their stuff and there is NO ""automatic war"", and the dynamic that empires can have a revolt and there can be civil war and new empires from that.On that list thing, empire civil war, it happens AT RANDOM though which totally sucks.There is no warning, even if your population is happy, it can suddenly happen without warning. This needs to be fixed.But so do a lot of things. Also, when you conquer a planet, it can easily revolt. In some games, MY OWN TROOPS, garrisoning the planet joined the rebels. What gives????If you bomb the planet to smithereens, another race might try to colonize it.When I recolonized, the predisposition to revolt was still there and still happening.Maybe it was something in that planet's atmosphere?Main problems of this game:-Extremely clunky, slow UI performance-Game can't handle too many ships on the screen despite the really remidial and simple graphics (seriously, what gives?)-Buggy save game system, some updates killed save games-Has a great game editor but also real buggy-And worst: the AI that is there to take away micromanagement is so incredibly stupid making so many outrageously bad decisions, is a total failure. You'll spend more time fighting your own empire-management AI than anything else in the game, and it sucks it is so essential as it is.My advice, don't use the AI at all and spend all the time you want focusing on manually doing everything.This means slowing down the game time, and having TONS OF PATIENCE.It will be one of the slowest, longest games you will have ever played but you will probably enjoy it more than messing with the AI.I know I mentioned more negative than good, but probably because there are fewer negative than good, but bad enough where they must be mentioned and emphasized, so this can better help people know the main issues they will encounter should they consider purchasing the game."
76561198011602389,Recommended,261470,30987865,Posted: 6 April,all,Lethbridge,"The most complex, so far, pausable space 4X I have ever played.  While the graphics will bring to mind Master of Orion 2, the play is deep.  Recommend watching Let's plays.  The entire game can be automated, aloowing the player to control as little or as much as they'd like.  There is also a good story."
76561198029571035,Not Recommended,261470,32788787,Posted: 25 June,all,hoselade,"On a system with Full HD resolution most texts are unreadable because they are soooo small. There is now way to change the resolution in-game or a config files.From what i hear this is a great game... well not a ""modern"" system. Please fix!"
,Recommended,261470,11226075,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,シェーン,"I absolutly adore this game. It's very in depth and enjoyable. Pretty steep learning curve for new players, but if you keep at it it will get more enjoyable as you learn. 10/10.- Nice features -Very detailed in depth guide (Galactopedia)Customization beyond beliefVery very very large mapsNice automation feature that can be customized COMPLETELYInteraction between other races/civs is niceGame is extremly in depth overall, in nearly every aspect imaginable- Cons -Steep learning curve. Can put people off from playing too long ( kind of like dwarf fortress, hard to learn, but fun once you know)Text is a bit iffy *Got patched, shouldn't be an issue anymore*Kind of time consuming/addicting, if you are a busy person irl you might want something else to do that doesn't require such strategy and thought."
76561198001784686,Recommended,261470,21480794,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Beaghan,"I like it but it was a hard sell. I read the reviews good and bad and I thought that I'd give it a try. I almost asked for a refund the first hour of play but I gave it more time and found a way to play that I enjoy. In my opinion it is much more for the simulation crowd than the strategy people. If you like sim type game then you'll like this after you learn how to do things because you can automate as much or as little as you like. If someone likes to micromanage then this is their dream game. If you were to play a game without automating at least some things then it'd you'd probably play this game forver. Seriously there is so much depth to it that people who play it enough to learn it will be very impressed by it even if they don't like it. I would suggest trying it and read the tutorials etc. and see if you want to see the whole game or not.pros - Depth & options 2nd to none. You can design ships, galaxies, your gavernment, anything and everything has options.endless replay value as there are so many options that you could play it very differently 100's or 1000's of times.It's very well balanced, difficult for all equally lol. There is no race/government combo strategy that has a big edge over others from what I've seen. If you think you're being smart researching different planets to colonize to spread out fast, maybe you are, but maybe the other guy is researching better weapons to come take them from you etc. It's balanced, Having a strategy that works great one game may backfire on you in the next.smart but fair AI. It does'nt seem like every AI civ is out to get you but at the same time you won't dominate them on normal or harder levels of play.cons - graphics are ok, some are good and some pretty basicrace/character portraits - they are good but lacking options in a game that has options for everything else. If you have 10 human generals/admirals or whatever, they all have the same profile photo. If you meet another civilization that is the same race as you, guess what? their leader is your long lost twin. seriously add some photos.some things either lack explanation or it's not easy to find or understand it.it needs more mouse over pop up descriptions and more detailed descriptions about exactly what your choices are. As an example - Your advisor says trade your rare fruit to this faction, it doesn't tell me what I get for it or that the faction will then be upset when I stop trading it one day etc. Some is obvious but more info or details in the popup would be nice.Lastly some advice for those that try it. PAUSE is your friend, don't rush in this game. AUTOMATE is your friend until you know what you can and like to do. If you don't understand something then it's better to let the AI handle it. Like for me designing ships looks like you'd need a engineering degree, I let the AI design all of them and it does great.So I'm happy with the purchase even though I initially thought I wasn't. Give it a try if anything that I said sounds good to you.Oh and Devs, I like cards, add trading cards."
76561198042422315,Recommended,261470,10224236,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bit,"Just started and sold on it.If your new this is what you need to do:1.Play it on easy first (Don't need anyone kicking your butt before you have a clue whats going on.)2. Lowers pirates power.(This guys seem to come out of no where.)3. Start in shadow era. Before hyper-speed. (This is a slower pace game lets you explore your own solar system at a smaller level and learn everything eaiser.)Once you put an hour or 2 in this way and you should know the basics.Pro:Everything its a smart game.cons:We need the WORKSHOP in the community for this game up and running. I hear there are great star trek, star wars, battlestar, Mass Effect mods. Won't mind checking out a few user made maps too. A lot of the websites mods  for this game are not updated for universe."
76561198002217406,Recommended,261470,23926958,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Krein,"Well, if you are reading this then you are in need of help deciding if you should buy this game.  I like most people looking for a new moo2, have my own ideas on what would be the best game in the genre. So this review will start with my ideals.- complexity-  the ability to manage things on the grand scale (i.e. just globally order things)- or to micro manage every aspect of a planet/ship including placement of the parts on the ship design- difficulty (no cheating AI's and a game that pushes you all the way)- technologies that make you want to replay as a different type of race and culture- I like star systems with a multitude of planets and other heavenly bodies (i.e. wormholes, asteroids, etc.)So from this list of my ideals, which is by no means the complete list, I will now inform you if this game delivers.With respect to complexity I find that this game delivers.  With the state owned ships and the private ships you never have full control of your suply lines but you can either have the AI manage your escort ships or do it yourself.  You can manage nearly all other aspects of the game.The grandscale is sometimes my preferred method in this game for the mid to late game. It works well as the ships that are built pick up your grandscale orders (like nearest constructor- fix this ship, or you can have the AI make up your fleets).You can micromanage most things but this game fails at the ship design.  The player can only choose what parts are on the ship, not where they are on the ship.  I believe that damage that occurs after the shields and armor is done to random parts on the ship.As for all other ideals this game delivers a good difficulty curve, incorporates multi-planet systems, and has a good research tree that is enjoyable and keeps your desire to replay high.So,THIS GAME IS EASY TO RECOMMEND,because it delivers on nearly all of my biggest desires for a space simulation game.  The main problems are the lack of ship design aspects and decent space monsters that challenge.  The pirates that I have yet to mention fix the challenging monsters.P.S.     I have deliberately only talked about the game play of a normal nation not as a pirate nation because that is just icing on the cake!!"
76561197993065396,Recommended,261470,32239108,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,"It's an interesting game to say the least. Heavy on the information though and sometimes can get overwhelming when your empire gets too large. That being said, that's where the game's automation shines. But if you're a micromanager like me, it can be a challenge to let the AI take care of the micro so you can focus on the bigger picture. Still, the game has its merits in terms of its gameplay. The graphics is not great (the ships remind me of Star Sector, I wonder if it's the same graphic designer) but this game is not about looking pretty. I got this game on sale as I'm loathe to buy games at full price if they don't get all the checks in my personal checklist. We're spoiled like that. So yeah, I recommend getting this game on sale as it's still worth the gaming experience (just not a ""must-have"")."
,Recommended,261470,23283403,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IdeaFactory,"This game is massive and hard to get into, but you can automate most everything and just push fleets around and that is fun.  After awhile I felt like I was barely scratching the surface of this game but am too intimated to crack it open and really learn how it fits together.To really enjoy this game to its potential you need to be 7 or more smart, but I am only 5 smart."
,Recommended,261470,30437534,Posted: 10 March,all,Sunder,"The game is pretty cool, I like the complexity of its systems and the size of the world which really requires you to automate a lot of your empire which the games seems to be doing a good work at.however I would not recomment getting it for a full price, 15 to 20 buks is what it should be basically due to its outdated and clunky user interface and trust me it is a huge deal in this gameif you happend to find this game on sale, you can get past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ui and enjoy complex games then this game is definately a pick up for sure"
,Recommended,261470,30210206,Posted: 26 February,all,123,"This game serves as an amazing space 4x strategy challenge with unlimited options for just about any situation you can think of. From custom ships to custom galaxies, this game allows you to play tons of different ways, styles and races. Simulate your own custom galaxy or take on the great unknown! This game is truly epic and deserves much credit for its astonishing delivery. Overall Score: 9/10 (waiting for the next generation of this game!)"
,Recommended,261470,23288148,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,endersblade,"The learning curve on this game makes EVE cry.  The amount of micromanaging is mind-boggling.Thankfully, you can automate about 99% of it!  Just sit there and watch the game play for you!I love 4x games.  RTS 4x games are a bit touch and go.  This one is just crazy.  It's not something you're going to learn to play the first time you play.  Hell, I have almost 10 hours in it so far and I still don't understand most of it.  The UI isn't that easy ot use, some of the commands (or lack thereof) don't make sense, and for the life of me I can't figure out how to attack an Empire's home planet, even though I have troops and bombard weapons.Overall I'd give this game a 7/10, because I can see what it can do.  I've watched vids on Youtube of people who know what they're doing, and the game seems deep and fun.  I'm just not there yet.  I'm at the base of Mount Everest looking up.  In a speedo.  And High Heels."
76561197966568064,Recommended,261470,12585456,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Bie,"A deep, complex and rewarding space strategy game, where it is your job to manage your very own space empire.Colonize planets, invent new techs, build your ships and wage war or use diplomacy. Basic stuff, really. But one thing makes it stick out to me: the civilian fleets. Every faction has their own civilians scooting through space. The galaxy feels alive because of this. You have no control over them, but you need them to generate revenue for your economy.You can also extensively customize your starting options and generally define what kind of game you want to play. Make a peaceful galaxy for a more trade/diplomacy oriented game or ramp up the pirate activity and aggressiveness of the other factions for a more war oriented game. Other options like how advanced your faction is compared to the others, the scarcity of recources or the the size and composition of the map will make it easier or harder for you.Graphics are outdated, the user interface is quite a mess and sound is basic. But still this is one of the best 4X space games out there."
76561198028403807,Recommended,261470,10356468,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,DireEpidemic,"the best 4x game i'v have ever found hands down. With everything able to be automated the game was very enjoyable first time playing until i got the hand of it. the only thing that could possibly make it better would be multiplayer support, as it stands though single handedly the best 4x single player experience you can buy. Another plus that should be encouraged is the galaticpedia which shows info on everything you would need to know.TL:DR the game as it stands is a great hope to 4x games everywhere. sadly the lack of multiplyer means you will never be able to create a pirate criminal empire with your friends."
76561198030367975,Recommended,261470,21439434,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,breaker2g,"Greetings!Don't get my 21 hrs wrong, I owned this game before it was available on Steam. Add 200 hrs of long campaigns.This game is a lot of fun if you can get past the heavy learning curve. And, that is a steep, steep curve.It is long, immersive, and functions well. The AI is more than competant and provides a good challenge. Each game will tell a long and interesting story unique to you and your play style. I suggest changing starting conditions each time you play. This game gives you a lot of options (seriously, a lot) and I think that many people will enjoy playing it.My only concern is the learning curve. Check out youtube playthroughs or internet reviews before buying.Lastly, it is on sale (rare!) for 50% off and I think that it is worth every penny of that.Once you have played it a couple times, check out the mods! The mod community is well developed and offers  many popular sci fi universes to use in your game. This game becomes an immersive version of Star Trek, Star Wars, Battlestar Galactica or whatever.Give it a try!I give it a perfect score of 5/7"
76566697999842666,Recommended,261470,28761029,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mushroom jesus,"All these reviews complain about how hard it is to learn and about how the tutorials dont do much, but I learned the basic grasp of it all within 10 hours of play-time by just actually playing and experimenting. That seems like a long-time to learn, but for a game as in-depth as this, it isn't long at all. It isn't nearly as hard as people claim it to be and some things you can only learn about through playing, which adds to the fun. The UI is very user friendly, gameplay is very fun and you can choose to automate everything or micromanage everything.There is a lot of freedom in this game and many playstyles are availiable due to literally every ship/space station being customizable. There are also many espionage options that can actually mean. You can choose to focus on trading by taking hold of the most valuable resources first and then impose trade sanctions against that pesky insect nation to wage war at you but little did they know is that you have 4 allies to help you alongside with your massed oribital super-defenses. Or you can build a ton of little ships to overwhelm enemies to enslave their colonies. Or hire some pirates to distract the otherside of their territory or perhaps they may even destroy it. Or play as one.Moddability is also outstanding."
,Recommended,261470,10545684,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,tfcoug,"Yeah.  Awesome 4x!  Get tied down to spreadsheets, or automate.  Have fun."
76561198029736804,Not Recommended,261470,19354827,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Borkchop,"Steep learning curve and awkward interface marr what could otherwise be an excellent game.  I have been playing this for the last few hours and still struggle with the visual coding of menus, icons, and stats in addition to the unintuative controls.For first time players, the game starts with all functions automated which gives you a sense of watching a ""lets play"" video on youtube.  Switching to manual means having to deal with minutia and micro managing.  The intent is fair in that the ability to automate different tasks means you can focus on your favorite aspect of space civ games, unfortunatly the ai automation is slow to respond.Tutorials are of limited value as some of them don't seem to properly visualize the results of the lesson at hand and merly bring you through menus.Such amazing potential if the game were streamlined and offered better visual clarity, intuative controls, and more comprehensive tutorials on how to play."
76561197969797882,Not Recommended,261470,10340980,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Reva,"The game is somewhat interesting, but requires too much automation and the UI is very poor.  What really gets me, though, is I'm unable to go very long without crashes - I've been unable to get very far in games as a result.  It seems like this needs more QA on releases."
76561198047772277,Recommended,261470,13788956,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Skyra,"Recommended with caveats.This game is much more akin to Paradox’s “grand strategy” games than it is to conventional 4X space games (MOO, GalCiv and the like).It simulates a lot of the detail of the empire and offers automation for everything - the same automation the AI uses.That leaves the player free to take on the elements that are interesting to them at any given point in the game  (for example - I usually do a bit of early colonisation, set the research path then mostly take control of fleet targets and diplomacy).Playing with a lot of automation can involve a lot of watching your plans being implemented by the AI with a little bit of reacting to random events - yet it is still quite absorbing as you edge towards your long range goals.The caveats:It isn’t very accessible - many critical systems are more than a little opaque, such as colony growth, research caps and the way various ship components work.  Expect to have to do a bunch of reading forum threads and guides to get to grips with things.The UI is annoyingly clunky (for me); while there are multiple ways to select and list the objects in your empire there are actions that can only be performed in specific views and lists.I also have some concerns about the victory system (which may not be that important because at its core the game is more of a “sandbox” than a 4X).  There isn’t any kind of diplomatic or alliance victory, there isn’t really an influence based victory - its all about population and territory, which ultimately means military victory."
76561197967700092,Not Recommended,261470,10335653,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,RAQ,"Major griefs: 2014-06-03Keeps crashing!Feels glitchy.Beta?Interface is bad:Information is hidden - its like searching in spreadsheets with no search options.A construction craft is constructing, but no visible ETA... its hidding on a subcell deep on another page about your ships.Clicking on a window, will sometimes select the object behind the window.Missing links between ""do you accept this deal"" / ""your found something"" to the items / map.Research screen feels like a subprogram, glitching, and resetting when you click something.Text is tiny - but they are working on it.Its like a renderer on a database. But at times doing my own SQL's would be better.Sometimes the ascii interface from Dwarf Fortress is better designed.Clicking on something sometimes takes 3 clicks for game to understand. (unit wasnt automated)Good idea with the AI - needs more sub options.Gives you a chance to learn the game.No options for building your own race based on points. (I knew this before purchase!)But you can edit a file and have all the abilities... that just isnt fair or fun.Perhaps stable in a few months.Still, I do want to support the genre... going back to moo2 and stardrive (which was buggy on release as well).Perhaps it will be worth my time and recommendation with more patches for stability and interface."
,Recommended,261470,23294059,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,[PUG] Carson,"Extremely complex amazing game, The Dwarf Fortress and Rimworld of the 4x Genre, there is a steep learing curve, but the game isn't too hard to pick up. Mods make the game better, and full conversions to other sci-fi universes by mod creators ensure infinite replayability. If you have played Stellaris, or licked the MOO games and see this on sale or you have $60s kicking, pick it up and give it a try, if its too daunting you can always refund it."
76561198083543623,Recommended,261470,26806180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Andreas_88er,"Distant Worlds is a 4X Sci-Fi-Game with an interesting story-line and lots of possible automations.That's in short, but you can see from my game time, that this game is seriously addictive ;-)And by the way: I had that game before, which wasn't via SteamSo whats so interesting at Distant Worlds?Above all other components it's the possible automations.You can let the AI handle (or not) MANY things, like ship design, ship building, base building, planetary building, diplomatic gifts, diplomatic treaties, espionage, ... well, I could count on other things, but that's not the point.The AI makes it's job pretty good and as I said: You can toggle on or toggle off that automation-options. Many options can work with ""half-automation"", so that the AI makes suggestions and don't control that aspect directly.The technology tree is not too complicated, but leads to interesting new components. Technology is absolutely important.Distant Worlds uses a wide variety of ressources, many of them needed as building materials for your ships and bases, but also luxury resources, which boosts the development of your colonies, which leads to higher taxes.There are also some really good mods out there for the game. For example Human Revolution or W40k.I saw how this game developed from its early states as it was only called ""Distant Worlds"" to this fine developed state. Maybe it was a long way, but it was totally worth it."
76561198019169177,Recommended,261470,22775130,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Feels Bad Man,There is alot of reviews outthere about the game mechanics UI etc so i wont talk about them.. it works okay but could do some little work.. Anyways game is just AWESOME to the point of 15 systems with 20-22 planets. after that point it quickly snowballs to uncontrollable mess unfortuntelly. I play everything manuel and enjoyed alot but as i said after 15 systems or so even if you automote some aspects of game it is not that fun as its used to be..but even for first couple hours of joy the become somewhat powerful empire it is worth the price.. I bought it %50 or so if you find it for that price dont miss it.
76561198040251262,Not Recommended,261470,18337019,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,PuNkInDrUbLiC,"i want to love this game.  you have too much automation, and it plays its self, and you just watch.  or you turn it off, and you have way too much to keep up with.   after 30 hours i would hope to have found a sweet spot, but its always one or the other.  if i do find it ill change the review, but as it stands its not very playable to me. so i cant recommend it."
,Recommended,261470,10989065,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Riken Avadur,"One of the greatest and most versatile 4X games I've ever played. Really well-done 2D visuals on a galactic scale, great sound design for an ever-busy universe, and the ability to delegate essentially any part of your empire to the AI. Do what you want, and nothing more. This game is the culmination of one of the biggest examples of a ""diamond in the rough"", and well worth the price tag. The base game and three expansions, each of which introduces a completely new way to play the game, and steadily develops the horrendous UI into something manageable (And quite pretty, once modded).If you ever wanted to play a 4X as a Leader, Emperor, or Alpha truly would rule, this is the game. Or, you can be a space trucker and set up gas stations for your empire, as it progresses along without you. Or you can be the pirates that give said space-trucker the shaft. Whatever. Only disappointment is that there's no demo to give this a shot, but I'd suggest anyone with an interest in the genre to get their hands on a copy of this, and buy it if you enjoy it. I know I did."
,Recommended,261470,11239925,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Mike Le Watt,"Plebs love to complain about the game's price. Please, don't be stupid. You're paying for a game and all the expansions in one package. Take Europa Universalis IV, if you want to buy the base game, the expansions, and all the DLC, it will set you back £75. Now you can buy the 'base' EUIV game, but you'll be getting an empty husk of game, it's a horrible way to release a game. With Distant Words, it packages up all the expansions into one game, hence the price.And the game itself? This is THE definitive grand strategy in space. It rivals Paradox offerings and in my opinion improves on them. Its killer feature is the fidelity and detail of the simulation. There aren't many mechanics which are abstracted or 'game-fied', unlike say Europa Universalis, which is a broad representation of complex processes that run in the background, driving the game. Distant Worlds is set on a grand scale, but you're able to quantify everything, down to what is inside the cargo hold of one of the hundreds of private freighters flying around. The systems run like clockwork and yet they're not abstract-civilian traders transport and supply real goods, mined by real stations, designed by the player-made up from specific components-which themselves are constructed from raw materials, either mined or purchased. Once you master how to navigate the interface, there is not much to learn as it's all common sense, as the systems work logically, and not in an abstract game fashion.The detail of the simulation allows for a lot of emergent gameplay. There is a lot of story telling and character here, and you have many options on how to control your empire. Also the level of said control can be adjusted-you're able to automate just about everything aspect of your empire. The game gives you the choice to either automate completely and merely watch your empire interact with the rest of the galaxy, or you can control every aspect, down to deciding what kind of engines a privately owned mining ship may have, and how many. Or what race is allowed to live on a particular colony.This is not a game to win, this is a game to play, like Crusader Kings 2."
76561197971940868,Recommended,261470,10235147,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,cripton,"Where has this jewel been hiding all my life. I really like this game. I have played this kind of games since the wonderful Master of Orion and i have had a lot of fun with some of them.I like the approach of this one, i like the automatic AI a lot and the various levels of customization. I can feel like the King or Prime Ministry of the Galaxy being asked about attacks, wars and some diplomacy just enjoying a magnificent universal view but also able to zoom to the lowest level of control and being able to avoid the repetitive tasks when bored or just change in the middle of the game from research manager to attack one.I know i am a quite slacker governor but in these really long games i like to be able to switch and enjoy the different aspects.I also love to start with the ""easy level of difficulty"" and select the option that the game will autofix the difficulty when you are getting close to win the match, wonderful idea to get the maximum of every match.It has a lot of depth, graphical aspect is ok, i like the music.Really nice one."
76561197979145759,Recommended,261470,10237442,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Lemming,"There is no other game. There is only Distant Worlds.Why do you play games? What is their purpose? What can they achieve?This game answered all those questions for me. I struggled with the learning curve, until I just made the computer do everything, paid attention, and took control of one thing at a time.You can macro manage the entire game, completely zoomed out and looking at the galaxy map as the computer makes ships, assembles them into fleets, and lets you designate where they form up and take control of worlds for you. You can take control of just a single ship and fly across the galaxy with it as a miniscule speck in the sea of destruction that roars around you. You can be the scientist and let the computer utilize all the research and technology you've acquired. You can just work diplomacy and back door deals. You can do whatever the hell you want in this game, and every aspect of it is incredibly deep to the point that makes you want to curl up, suck your thumb, and cry for your mommy.I've played over 20 hours the past two days, losing sleep and my mind, and I've barely even got out of pre-warp stage. Buy this game."
76561198006337393,Recommended,261470,10218159,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Gaven,"Best 4x game out there! Used to be expensive when you had to get all bit and pieces separatedly but totally worth it now, it might not be the prettiest but its without doubt the most fun and with the most content out of there, ocne you get past the medium learning curve you will love this 4x game!"
76561198002085504,Recommended,261470,30645163,Posted: 20 March,all,thewacokid,"Let's get this out of the way: Stellaris! There, I said it. STELLARIS! One day, that game will be good. Great, even. But until that day... Imagine a Stellaris made 5 years ago that is now fully realized, fully developed, fully play-tested, and fully modded. Why wait for Stellaris? Play Distant Worlds: Universe now.I just started and will be happily learning the ropes for quite some time, revisiting this periodically for a decade or so. It's that good.Not convinced? Here's my final thought... I was playing my first game, leaving everything paused for about an hour looking at menus, reading galactopedia entries (If this does not sound fun to you, walk away...). I unpaused and made my first orders, and then started scrolling around the galaxy. When I scrolled back to my home system, I was immediately disoriented. Where is my home colony? The mining base I spent 10 minutes placing? The ships I put on guard duty at my home spaceport? Then I realized ... IT WAS ALL ORBITING THE STAR IN THE SYSTEM!I am going to forget about Stellaris for awhile and enjoy this one. Nice work, devs. Nice."
,Recommended,261470,22875398,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Tortuga Power,"One sentence review: ""Distant Worlds Universe, though very complicated, is the epitome of the idea that good game design trumps graphics.""The only game that rivals Distant Worlds Universe for immersion and number of options available to your empire management is Aurora 4X. Otherwise, if you prefer to have at least some graphics to assist your gaming experience or imagination, this is the last word in space empire simulation.Great base game, great mods, great community support... The only problem is, just like learning how systems (e.g. economics) works in real life, learning the various aspects of this game can be intensive. There are numerous tutorials on Youtube availabe (one by myself even ), and you absolutely must use these in order to understand what the heck you're doing.But I guarantee that if you invest the time to learn this game (assuming you like space 4X games), it will become your favorite, and remain there with Aurora 4X until DW2 is released."
76561198019447781,Not Recommended,261470,12198111,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,zdey,not for the 60 dollar asking price its a 20 dollar game can see why it has all the good reviews as once you figure out whats going on and how to do things it has a huge scope to it but the sound and graphics are shocking wait for it to come down in price as i certainly  would  not spend 60 dollars on it again but you live and learn
,Not Recommended,261470,11684759,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,form,"I can't recommend this game at this time.  I have a very good system, I7 4930k @ 4ghz, 16gb PC12800 ram, GTX770, Win7pro, etc., and I get out of memory errors and crashes once the game reaches the point where the Shakturi begin really being a problem.  I provided all the error messages I have to tech support, but basically my report has either been ignored (no responses on their official bug report forum) or ignored (no further responses after telling me to report the bugs).  No solutions have been presented.  The lack of acknowledgment from support is very discouraging.I'm not playing with any mods whatsoever, just 1.9.5.5 version, the latest non-beta.  The game starts to get unstable when I'm at about 100 military ships, around the same time as the Shakturi appear.  I would say it's mid game or mid-late game.  At any time when everything starts becoming laggy and slowing down and flickering, the game may crash with or without an out of memory error populating in the error logs.  At any time around this point, it also fails to save.I am left with an essentially unplayable game because I can never reach end-game or even get close to it without game crashes happening all the time.  It works fine up until the later game, then it just leaks memory or something, I don't really understand how they can charge $60 for a game that I can't even finish on my modern system.  Therefore, I can't possibly recommend it until/unless they fix those bugs."
76561197967780097,Recommended,261470,31318490,Posted: 23 April,all,Katharos,"one of the best 4X ever, a bit rough and complicated, but with time, it'll unveil it's greatness right before your eyes !"
76561198049990742,Recommended,261470,11150552,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Exoterius,"Quite simply the best sci-fi 4x RTS to date:As a GalCiv 2 and SOTS vet i can quite honestly say that this game overcomes the limitations of the aforementioned titles and then delivers more. For example, the AI of the individual races as your opponents or allies actually behaves in a way that gives you the illusion of distinct personality - rather than simply being the same algorithm with a different portrait and tech tree. Therefore, you feel that there is an RPG element to the game in the diplomacy and you can find genuine immersion in the 'stories' that are generated by your encounters with the other species that share the galaxy with you. There are 21 civs in this version of the game and some great mods available that add even more should want new challenges, which brings me to my second point.The graphical style of this game may be old school top down 2D sprites but the trade off is that the game is designed to be massively customizable and is extremely easy to mod. The only thing you can't mod at the moment are the 'space critters'. Add this to the fact that the game is huge in terms of the number of star systems and races that you can play against in any one game and you can quickly appreciate the decision to stay away from 3D. The emphasis is on highly complex gameplay (Dwarf Fortress comes to mind here? ) and large games involving many races and a huge galaxy WILL make your high end hardware chug like a snail on vallium so be warned :)Now to the gameplay and one of the unique features of this game that IMHO sets it head and shoulders above the competion: The sheer ammount of options available to you for customising the game to the experience that YOU actually want to play. Don't like the UI? Some of the symbols a bit obtuse? Change them. Want a totally hands on, complex micro management sim in which you have to babysit everything from diplomacy, espionage, exploration, tax rates, social policies, construction, economic and military research, resource exploitation and of course, galactic warfare? Or perhaps you see yourself as military stategist or an empire leader? Then you can automate just about every aspect of the game and only control those aspects of the genre that interest you. You can even go so far as to fully automate the game then sit back and watch the darn thing play itself for you! And yes, the AI in this game is advanced enough to do a good job so that you don't have to worry about it, which echoes my point earlier about the old school graphics - The effort has been put into the gameplay and in this regard, the game is about as advanced as you can get with current hardware.Regarding the complexity of the game though: The interface and the ability to find the piece of information that you require does leave a lot to be desired and the initial obfustication for potential and new players is compunded by the fact that the game plays in real time, although you can pause the game at any time and continue to que up orders for construction and unit movement etc. In this regard you should be warned that this game can not be decribed as casual and indeed, it has been described elsewhere as 'hardcore' and 'niche' - descriptions that i would have to agree with: It took me several games and a lot of experimentation to figure out how to issue orders effectively in 'manual' mode and to find the information required to make meaningful game decisions.I would therefore recommend that new players who are perhaps less 'patient' , or are not at least 4x strategy vets - to check out some of the excellent youtube guides out there. Automate most things for your first few games or at least set the AI to seek your approval before taking any action. Also read through the in game tutorials. They could be better but they at least do a reasonable job of taking you on a tour around the interface. They are not interactive though. If you are still struggling, then choose the introductory game as your first - it puts you in a very strong postion so that you have lea-way to make mistakes as you find your way around.Persevere beyond the complexity of the gameplay mechanics and the obtuse interface though and you will find a masterfully crafted 4x strategy experience on a huge scale, from playing the story arcs of the four expansions included in the Universe edition, to playing a sandbox game in which many 'stories' randomly unfold across the galaxy as you 'Roleplay' your way across the stars. Complexity and Customization aside - The one thing that i love most about this game, and the reason that i felt i had to write a review = You do not 'beat' this game, you just play it, and you become immersed in the jouney :DOne last note, but worth mentioning is that my steam profile does not relect the hours that i have put into this game because there is no DRM. You can run the executable without launching steam which is one less program sitting in memory :P"
,Recommended,261470,25279074,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,[ANF] Dalton,"Worth every single penny. Its one of if not the best 4x space sim out. The graphics might not be appealing but it makes up for that in just sheer gameplay value. Their are many race options, some of them have their own special tech that they can research wich is definatly worth it. The story line is ok I have gotten as far as the late game and its been a fun ride. I have not tired modding yet but I have my eyes on a few I might try.P.S. Even though I reccomend this game a full price, try and snag it on sale it makes it feel like its worth it even more."
76561198049308819,Recommended,261470,10330751,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,SeeRed,"This is the best 4x game ever made.  Actually wait...let me rephrase that.  This is the best strategy game ever made.  Nope, still not right.  One more time, This is the BEST game ever made.  Yeah, sounds about right.  What other game can you build 35 fleets and hundreds/thousands of ships just to kill one insect race or those dang pirates that you have a long hatred for and have since forgotten why.  Yupp, only this one."
,Recommended,261470,10361911,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Fight Milk,"This takes a while to get into and learn, but once you do it's a very satisfying MOO style game. (This comes from an EU3 veteran.)You can add a lot of well automated AI to your empire to have less micro, but it's much more satisfying to micro as much as you can. Read Timotheus' guide to manual play on the Matrix forums even if you DON'T plan on going full manual and you will learn a lot about how the game works.Timotheus guided my empire of Space Nazis and their leader, Spacedolf Shipler, to victory."
76561198007472597,Recommended,261470,10369654,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,dmrohdecars,"Think Space Empires V, combined with Masters of Orion II (the old school one, MOO III was a joke)...then set to real time in a massive universe.This game has everything you can ask for.. even lets you play as the pirates in the game, if you want just wanna know experience that side.So, if you want a game that is about the game, not some eye candy... you love strategy and you want it on a grand scale... and you have days and weeks to spare, this is your game, your gonna wanna block off the next few months if you do, cuz this game is all that.."
76561198024270397,Recommended,261470,30034892,Posted: 19 February,all,Siollear,"If you're willing to take the time to learn it, this is one of the greatest space empire building games out there."
,Recommended,261470,23915444,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FireWood,Distant Worlds : The only video game smart enough to play with itself.
76561198028357265,Recommended,261470,10531441,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Killeredge225,"Skip to bottom for Pro vs ConLet me start out by saying this game is the best strategy game I have ever played. After playing the entire total war series. Civ 5, Crusader Kings this game stands out.Why???- Because it allows you to mold the experiance to your playstyle. If you want to just control the military and let the AI control the rest you can or vice versa. The maps are huge as well and the AI is challenging but also diffrent races have diffrent play-styles some will try to create alliances, or trade empires while others will seek to dominate the galaxy.Something you need to take into account is that this includes all the DLCS. And they are worth itPros-Great ScaleGood AIVery Immersive for a strategy GameAddicting (maybe a Con XD)Allows you to play to fit your Playstyle ex. Pirate or empireGreat mods ex Distant Worlds extendedCons-Graphics are a little datedVery few modsPrice- Includes all DLC's (DLC's Add alot)Score 9.9Gameplay- 10/10Graphics-8/10AI- 9.9/10"
,Recommended,261470,14264866,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nick Mage,"This game is extremely complex and diverse. I've played it for a while now and it still manages to suprise me. Some people may dislike the RTS concept, however you can pause and slow and quicken time, allowing you to play this game as if it were a turn-based game, yet also allowing for a sort of natural variety or uncontrollability that would come from commanding a real space empire. An enemy might attack one of your bases without warning, popping out of hyperspace, and you may not react in time or have any defense. The atmosphere of this game is extremely unique.If you ever get bored of the game, you can simply look around online and find many mods that allow you to play as many many more races, such as the Picard Era Mod allowing you to command the United Federation of Planets, or the various star wars mods or DWU Extended mods. There are mods that change how the game behaves and the AI's as well. The possibilities of this game are limitless."
76561197993590661,Recommended,261470,26098125,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Wolfbane,"One of, if not the most, deep and engrossing 4x space strategy titles that I've ever played.  There's a whole shipload of options here from the getgo, from the galaxy size and shape, to if you want start out as a prewarp civ just starting to explore your own solar system, or just how nasty the pirate factions can be from the getgo.Speaking of, did you want to play as a pirate faction? Cause you can! Raid, pillage, loot!  Kick those boring little space civilizations in the teeth and take their resources!If you're daunted by the complexity, don't be too afraid to give it a chance.  There's a lot to learn here, but it pays off in spades by how it keeps you hooked once you learn it's tricks and secrets.There's much more that can be said to promote this game, but I haven't the time or the words to do it justice. Pick it up now or during a sale, and I wager you'll sink more hours into this game than almost any other."
,Recommended,261470,14882343,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,"In memoriam, HL3 (Aquilla)","Ah, man.This is tied with Swords of the Stars (original one, of course) for my favorite 4X, if not my favorite game. When people say that Distant Worlds is one of the best games made, they aren't exaggerating or lying - it truly is. The features are truly extensive, and the AI is actually intelligent - I've been outfoxed by it twice - even if it does have its failings.I personally think that the greatest feature about DW are the automation settings. It relieves some pressure on you by taking care of the small bits that you might not care for - for example, taxes and improvements - and there's also the potential for alternative game play, such for example playing as a starship captain. There's even apparently the possibility to automate literally everything, though I wouldn't recommend doing that unless you are really bored, haha!Now, for downsides...this game, as I said, is extensive, and even with automation its still a lot to take in. The resulting learning curve is pretty high, especially if you aren't used to 4Xs, and it'll take a playthrough or two to get a hang of all of the features. Its not for everyone, particularly if you don't have a decent amount of time to sink into this game, because believe me it does eat up time like no other game.If you do want to get it, I recommend getting exclusively the DW:U package, which has all of the expansions - its worth it, and there is a significant difference between expansions. I then would recommend getting the Expanded Universe mod, which further dramatically changes the game for the better."
76561198045831978,Recommended,261470,14963876,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,KristophStork,"I was tired of some other 4x games guiding me by the hand, and limiting my options. I don't like being given shape of a spaceship, nor the stock layout of weapons.No.I want to design my own ships from the grounds up. I want to be able to min-max my design and tailor it perfectly for the role I need. I want to create a perfect combined arms fleet utilizing multiple specialized ship designs. I want a frigate for chasing smugglers, and a more bulky frigate that can take some beating. I want them to have different shape. I want another one for point defense and a few carrier-corvettes.In Distant Worlds: Universe, I can.I am able to actually engineer my ships.I am able to modify existing mining stations, or civilian freighters' designs, thus forcing civilians to comply with set standards; pirates now have a much harder time looting a civilian mining station loaded with rocket launchers and fighter squadrons, heh heh heh.The possibilities are endless, and this is just station and ship design.Don't like designing? No problem, just set it to automatic, and AI will take care of creating and retrofitting designs as research yields new, more advanced components.I am able to ruin another empire by financing pirates in their sector, stealing research and inciting rebellion through my spies.I am able to assimilate/exterminate indigenous populations on newly colonized planets.I am ble to build a death star.All while trying to keep my empires' population happy, protecting civilian trade routes, befriending ancient sentient machines, exploring new systems, and researching new technologies.Distant Worlds: Universe is a 4x game with manual transmission. It has a steep learning curve, and the UI takes a bit time to get used to, but once you get the hang of it, you will feel the delicious power of total control over your empire. Conquest has never tasted so sweet.9/10 ( I would give it 10, but it might ruin your life. )"
76561198030361352,Recommended,261470,15434298,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Krito,"OverviewDistant Worlds: Universe is an old school type 4x space sim. Don't expect high-end graphics and fancy user interfaces in this game. Instead you should expect a high level of functionality, strategy and interaction. Distant Worlds: Universe brings you a great deal of control to your fledgeling space empire where your bad decisions can really turn the course of this game around.PROsMany options for your new game. From galaxy ship, number of stars, pirates, starting tech, colonization rules and many many more options to play with.Great ship designer, again with many options. You're able to really spec out different ships for different purposes.Automation... EVERYTHING. You can basically run this game on autopilot and have the AI manage your whole empire. Or you can choose which things you want automated and which things you want direct control over. Don't like diplomacy? Automate it. Don't like colonization? Automate it. Automate your ship design upgrades? Why not! Every aspect CAN be automated. I like to automate things I don't like doing, like diplomacy.It's big. You can have an upper limit of 1,400 stars in game and the distances are closer to real life distances from star to star. This gives this game a nice realisim feel to it.Every ship counts! You'll feel the hurt if you lose that fleet. You have to think about fleet engaugements and if you can afford to move a fleet from it's position, or if you can afford to lose it. This is one of my favorite parts of this game.It's solid. It's been around for awhile and tweaked to the point where eveything works well with everything else.A ton of options for every part of your empire.CONsThe graphics are by far well below what you'll expect from games these days. Drop down menus are like the ones found in windows.Learning curve is moderate. If you don't automate somethings it can become very tedious.You'll probably get tired of building mining stations to supply your empire. This reduces a bit once you realize you should focus on resources that you don't have at that time.RatingAreaScoreGraphics3It's noticably lacking in graphics. Windows norm with a lot of the menus. Ship animations are nearly non-existant.Gameplay8Many different strategies will have you coming back to try something different.Immersion7The level of strategy and the feel of lose, even from a couple of ships really puts eveything into prespective. The amount of options you have over your empire is staggeringValue6With the lack of current day level of graphics and the $25 price tag are the only reason why this isn't higher.Overall6Considerably higher if graphics are not a concern for you!ClosingDistant Worlds: Universe is a must have for any 4x space sim fan. If you're able to get past the graphics you'll have great times with this game. Start off with a small galaxy otherwise you may get overwhelmed!You can ether wait until it's on sale or buy it for regular retail. Personally I would buy it for the full retail because I wouldn't want to wait for it to go on sale."
76561197993117770,Not Recommended,261470,10891947,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kalle,"This game is bad, the core game mechanics are broken, and the UI is horrible.I could write a long detailed complaint but it just boils down to this. The game provides almost no documentation for the core game mechanics like research, ship components, colony management, or the economy, and when you try to figure out how they work the game's UI is so bad it's often near impossible to tell what effect your actions have.This is by far the worst game I have purchased in years, possibly decades."
76561198040866884,Recommended,261470,31379539,Posted: 26 April,all,lagashkinruslan,Probably the best 4X strategy I've played in my life.Cons: requires some youtubing / browsing to figure out how to play.Totally worth it. Sincerely.
76561197974034771,Recommended,261470,34658609,Posted: 1 September,all,schattenklinge,"Good game that offered allot of fun to play it. Just wish, that the tech tree was a bit more diversified and allowed for a more flexible tech development with different races ... every time just an upgrade to existing technologys was a bit boring after a while.Better than allot of other games of this type, that i played before."
76561198010089948,Recommended,261470,33615211,Posted: 17 July,all,bandose,"DWU isn't perfect, but I'd still give it an 8 out of 10.  As long as your computer can handle all of the activity, the player can enjoy a fairly in depth story.  The game is 3.5 years old and 32 bit, but it plays extremely well.  Currently, DWU is my fav RTS space game.  You have the ability to control as much as you like, or have the AI do it for you.I would like to see more options for automating.  Simple things like having ships automatically retrofitting as soon as new engines are available AND selecting a retrofit station that has enough parts to finish either that ship or that fleet.This game NEEDS to be released in 64 bit, and when it does, increase the sizes of the universe.  I'd love to see a DWU2 that's 64 bit only and has everything with multiple levels of automation.  A simple option that SHOULD exist is allowing populations to move from 1 planet to another.  When a planet is maxed and you get the ability to colonize another planet in that same system, it should be possible to relocate some of the population to the new planet.  You could capture those transport ships to assimilate people of that race / culture.Overall, this game is a must for any space going gamer.  There's a lot to learn, but you can learn most by playing a couple small custom games with full automation on."
,Recommended,261470,11350836,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dhilys,If you want to climb the mountain high learningcurve. a very rewarding game awaits. and you get the full package for quite a good price also
,Recommended,261470,22035729,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,1337W4lLh4cK3r,"This game is amazing.Beware though, it's very hands off. You CAN micromanage everything if you're OCD but if you also prefer to sit back and only make the big decisions while your private corporations and local administrators keep the smaller stuff running then you can do that too, and that's exactly what I do.Very very deep and complex."
,Recommended,261470,10239481,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jun.On.Fire,This just blows everything out of the water.The depth is mindboogling.
76561197970471223,Recommended,261470,10318752,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Stash,"Excellent 4X game with huge amounts of playstyle options and more macro-micro management options than any other game i've seen.  Fine controls for the automation allow as much depth as you would like.  Very influenced by MoO 2, which I loved."
76561198021992704,Recommended,261470,10482098,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Vegaknight,One of the best 4x space games that i have played in awhile now. i like the RTS part of distant worlds and all the different modes u can play on it too.
,Recommended,261470,10684461,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Doc Legendary,"A fantastic massive space 4X game, the best I have played since MoO2.  I hope that the developers will start crafting a sequel with expanded graphics, sound and scope.  Entire blocks of time will evaporate before you know it once you start playing this.   It has a somewhat steep learning curve but the automation helps greatly for easing you into the mechanics of the game.  My recommendation is to either check out one of the youtube tutorials or start playing the game with all automation options on then tick them off one by one to learn their intricacies.  Worth it at full price but a definite buy if goes on sale!"
,Recommended,261470,10247221,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ȃndromeda,"Being relatively new to 4X (civ 5, galciv II, endless space) I finally found one that I can really dig into. Civ 5 was a gateway game that introduced me to the 4X genre. If you're looking for something on a much more massive scale but still very accessible as a 4X game, give this a go. The one interesting difference is this game isn't turn-based. It's real time with pausable time (kind of like FTL)."
76561198031043754,Recommended,261470,10301181,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,chaos.overlord,Amazing.  Best 4X space game I've ever seen.   So vast I can't understand how they are doing it.** - I'm a software developer and their engine must be awesome.
,Recommended,261470,10435703,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,cREEPY oLD gUY,"I really like this game. I played a lot of the MOO series when I was a youngster and this reminds me of that series a lot. I really love the customization options too. It's got a pretty awesome modder community behind it, already have working Star Trek and Star Control mods installed! Tghinking about making a Futurama one...heheheh...Downsides are:price is pretty high for what it is m graphics are nothing special(it's all about gameplay), and maybe just a bit of a steep initial learning curve.But don't wory it's default setting is automated so you can kind of just puzzle out what to do watching the computer.Also really really wish it had multiplayer."
,Recommended,261470,10631411,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ShoNuff,Probably the best 4X I've ever played.  Most recent attempts at catching the spirit of MOO2 have either fallen too heavy on micromanagement or opted for an extremely limited but easy to use top-down interface. DW:U  approaches it perfectly by giving you a robust and confiugrable AI to handle the various elements of your empire (or all of it). At any time you can dial back how much automation you want and take the reigns on your civlization in whatever way you like while letting the AI take care of what bores you.  Top this off with random galactive events and discoveries and multiple story lines and it is worth every penny.
76561197999129151,Recommended,261470,10507925,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Ixpha,"Always been a RTS/4x fan, started way back in the days with a game called Fragile Alliance that probably almost none of you have ever heard of which is a shame, but enough about that :PThis game is so refreshing change from all the crap that ive played, last good sci-fi rts i played i think must have been the X-series (not rebirth, which i cant stand) I dont know if this helps in your decision of getting this game or not but personally i cant stand turn based games anymore, i got my fair share of that with the HOMM series so i did not like Master of Orion that much when it came out, for me its all about real time, of course the pause button is used quite alot in this game as i like to micromanage alot of the game, but the good part is you can auto it all if you want to....you can even set it to totally let it play by it self, with no interactions from the player. The UI could be abit better but as i understand it the game has been out for quite some time and the UI probably wont change much anymore as they already polished and changed it earlier.Dont get intimidated by all the text and options, once you play 1-2 games you know which of them matter and which of them you can just let it stay on automatic untill you want to min/max for you own playstyle, then you will need to change those.I have 90+ hours played on this game and i still have only finnished 1 game as i like to try hard settings, not to ""win"" them but for the challenge to survive as long as i can :)I highly recommend this game if your a 4x rts fanboy like me."
,Recommended,261470,23269968,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sweaty Gopher,"It's a really great game! More complex than stellaris, better in every way but unfortunately no multiplayer so stellaris it is :("
,Recommended,261470,19433221,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,WaKKO151,The most complex and overwhelming game you will ever play. Its fair. Unbiased. Deep. Rich. Tasty. Don't let the time fool you. I have played over 2000hrs of this game before I even bought it on steam. I just wanted them to have more of my money because they deserve it. Take control of as much or as little as you want or just watch the computer play with your strategy.
76561197997317515,Recommended,261470,20064705,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,c0mc0,"Don't let the 2d graphics fool you - this is both the most complex, and yet easy to manage 4X space game you've ever played. Thanks to some outstanding automation, you can be as hands off or as hands on as you like with your galaxy spanning empire."
,Not Recommended,261470,11102545,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TachyEngy,I am trying to get a refund for this game now.  There are nearly ZERO controls for game resolution or the UI.  I have a 4k monitor and this game is unplayable.  I was definitely duped into getting this game.  I really am hoping for a refund.
,Recommended,261470,26280664,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Stangryn,"Similar in gameplay to Stellaris (except for the minor fact this game came out YEARS before).  Great game all things considered, not sure which is better (if such a comparison is even possible).  But if you like space-based grand strategy games, you'll definitely enjoy this one."
,Recommended,261470,12251161,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kilo181,"Probably one of the best, if not the best 4X game I've ever played. Complexity is on the level of Paradox games.UI and graphics seem like its from the late 90s but you don't play these games from the graphics.You can also automate as much of the game or as little of the game as you want. I personally learned how to play by turning all of it off and starting in the Shadow's Age and learning how to do everything myself."
76561197976973069,Not Recommended,261470,11087173,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,sergiy1357,"(ru): Игра постоянно вылетает. Как бы деньги вернуть? Ага, в Стиме это запрещено. Хорошо же ворюги устроились.(en): Game just crashes constantly. Money return please? Ah, in Steam you prohibited to do this. Nice trick burglars."
,Not Recommended,261470,10247752,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Shiro,"Literally unplayable. The text is too tiny for me to read.It might be the greatest game ever, but I literally cannot read the UI elements, and as far as I can tell there is no way to size them up."
76561198076463707,Not Recommended,261470,30428762,Posted: 10 March,all,n0_Soup_4_YOU!,"This game is broken on the Windows 10 platform.  After performing the long list of recommended fixes for the issues the game was having, it still didn't work.  There are simply too many variables the developers have not taken into account. There are way too many redists to be installed.  There are too many driver updates, applications to turn on etc. Most of you probably want to play the game you just downloaded... not fiddle with your computer for  hours to see if you can get it to work. If you are running Windows 8 or 10....  skip this title.My thanks to Steam for the refund!"
76561198031150825,Recommended,261470,20128950,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,-=#Fez'sMustFall=-,"It feels like I can't fault this game for realism, except that it might be too realistic. Which it isn't. Confused? So was I.To be quite honest, I don't quite grasp the mechanics of the game. Sometimes it feels quite liberating that the denizens of your budding Empire of Seth go about their business, carrying out your instructions as they see fit, and sometimes it feels like you're trying to drive a car, but you have this nagging feeling that the steering wheel should be attached to the steering column, not drifting about your back seat. Alternatively, this game sometimes feels what I guess driverless cars will make you feel like when they finally become a feature.So is it not a good game? Actually, it seems to be a tremendous game space based strategy game. And I've had some moderate success, but ultimately it is the kind of game I play for a day or two or three then put aside for another month or two before I return as Emperor of the Seth.And I'm fine with that.The game has depth. It needs some serious interactive expansive tutorials. It's realistic in that you literally are only a government, your people build and work on their own, your control is limited to governing and fleets. Refuelling sucks.This game is good. If you like 4x Space strats, this one is a must have if you can afford to buy it."
,Recommended,261470,10242589,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Neskartu,"Love it, I can see my self giggling for hours as I slowly take control of a massive galaxy!Great Job guys!Also, find the complete extended universe mod, It has a couple of different mods in it, the main one beingDistant Worlds Extended Universe, ramps up the total of races to 40 and streamlines a bunch of things!Amazing game though, only downside I can see is that the editor is readily available, and it's very easy to just... make bad things just disappear, haha"
76561198004009454,Recommended,261470,35149734,Posted: 23 September,all,Adam_C4explO,"Best game ever  spend many moon playing this game before it was on steam, its only gotten better over time.   In my current game I grew a massive empire and didnt care who i bombarded,  my empire fractured in two and my capital went enemy.. lucky for me i didnt buff my stations,  half my fleet went enemy.   Im slowly clawing it all back, yay for 15mil in savings.Incredible game <3"
,Recommended,261470,11522679,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Meklon,"I was a little hesitant at first, £45 for a game is usually a little on the high side for my personal preferances... however, this game (for a change) is certainly worth the money.As an old school follower of the MOO series, I have searched and searched for a game to replace the cravings I have for the master piece that was MOO2 - Distant Worlds: Universe has filled that gap for me. It gives you the scaleability to be as involved as you choose to be - a large portion of the game (well, everything essentially) can be automated... so if you just wanted to simulate your own little custom Empire you could.I could lose far too much time in this game, and I have a feeling I will - 11/10"
76561198026394897,Recommended,261470,11283121,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,hulaboy616,great game. Designed for hardcore stategy fans but the automation system allows for a less steep learning curve.  The control and micromanagement can get a bit out of hand but it is a great game.  buy if you like 4x stratagy.  The universe expansion does not add to much but lets you buy a great game on steam so do so and be happy.
76561198009173373,Recommended,261470,12823539,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hundred-Man Guts,"A truly excellent game and a unique achievement in the 4x genre. Not only do you have the complete power to micromanage every aspect of your empire, from the tiniest ship to major policy decisions, you have the option to let the computer handle any aspect you don't want to control. This creates a lot of flexibility for the player in experiencing the parts of the game that are the most fun for them and reinforces the idea that the empire is a living system that you direct through influence rather than a series of chess moves.It controls in real time, and the resource, economy, military, and political systems are all very complex and there is always something to do. Each expansion has added tons of content, and with all of them available now, it stands out among other 4x for trying to innovate a stagnant genre. My only real criticism of the game is that it's very hard to understand the consequences of certain things, and diplomacy is pretty derivitave. If you are a fanatic of 4x space strategy games, I can actually reccommend this at full price. For anyone casually interested in the genre, I'd reccomend it on sale."
,Recommended,261470,10686044,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scar,"This game scared me when I hit the “purchase” button. It was on sale, and it was one of those buys that I wanted to do because I was afraid to let the sale go by.Once I bought it, began playing, I realized how complex and big the game was. Took many hours to get a grip on how to operate the game, and do something that I felt was “the right thing to do”. I've played more than 43 hours as of this review, and the game has become a blast to play! The complexity of the game, makes it almost impossible to play without having most of the automation turned on. With that said, you can play and command parts of the game that you enjoy the most. Pilot ships, act the politician, be a pirate, its endless. In short, if you are not afraid to learn how to play an epic complex 4x game, I guarantee you'll have a lot of fun with this one. After playing for many hours, well worth $60 in my opinion, and a steal at any sale price."
76561198059892163,Recommended,261470,19656565,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,vincentlocas,"This is an interesting game. A lot of the empire management can be done by the AI. You can customize how the AI does it with tons of parameters.With this, you can manage large empires without too much management = more time doing watherver you like.The main problem with this game is the small diversity of startegies possible. There is only one: procreate and expand faster than your neigbours."
76561198129366705,Recommended,261470,19951452,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Qik,"This is a gratifyingly complex strategy game with satisfying depth and immense replayability. I would highly recommend it for fans of space settings, 4X, and those looking for a deep game that rewards investment.Distant Worlds: Universe engages with each of the four Xs in a variety of ways. Exploring, for example, is about discovering what your corner of the galaxy is offering you, which is potentially plenty: ruins, abandoned tech and equipment, pirates, planets filled with independent races, other empires, interstellar phenomena (black holes, super nova), glactically-significant locales. What's important is that this isn't just empty variety: there's a range of ways to engage with what you find, depending largely on what victory conditions you're aiming for. For a peaceful race, you might want to bribe the pirates not to attack you and pay them to introduce you to other races with whom you can trade, set up mining bases in unclaimed systems to fuel your expansion, and build resorts at those interesting ruins and exotic locales to both earn income and establish yourself as the predominant tourism empire in the galaxy (an actual race-specific victory condition). For an espionage-focused race, you might protect yourself from pirates through sabotage and defensive firepower rather than bribes, and incite riots and revolution to cripple your opponent's economy while destroying their research bases to prevent a technological advantage. There are more courses of action available to you in Distant Worlds: Universe than in any other strategy game I've played.The variety of races and victory conditions bears special mention. There's extra attention paid to crafting a race-specific experience: the difference in game play between various races seems far more significant in DW:U than most other games I've played, strategy or otherwise. The experience is shaped by the skills they offer, the kinds of significant figures they attract, the race-specific technology they have access to (which often synergizes well with general play style), and the race-specific victory conditions, which provide each game you play with direction while still allowing for flexibility. You can also tweak the weighting of various victory conditions in the game creation menu (one of many, many customization options) to allow you to shift focus as desired.With all these options available, the game is clearly complex. But I don't feel as though it's too complex. This is to a degree a matter of preference, but I think it's also helped by the game's useful tutorials and extensive automation options: you can micromanage as much or as little as you want, including providing rules of thumb for the AI to follow as it runs the nitty-gritty. It's a very effective and well-conceived, well-executed facet of the game that enables you to ease into it and calibrate your experience to your own personal level of OCD-ness.So in short, this is a great game if you don't mind complexity. If you've played the iconic Dwarf Fortress, I'd say this is 3/4s of its intensity, which is to say, deep, but more focused and well-developed in a particular vision of gameplay, rather than the utter sandbox that DF is. I would highly recommend this game to those looking for a game they can log dozens if not hundreds of hours into; I'm sure I'll hit the 100 mark sooner rather than later."
,Recommended,261470,10680871,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Urban Legend,"This game hits that 'just one more order' sweet spot that keeps you playing until you realize hours have passed, you're starving, you need to go to the bathroom, and you're going to be in trouble when it's time to get up for work.That game you've been waiting for since Masters of Orion?  This is it, and when you've spent some time with it you'll realize it's the true successor."
76561197987841742,Recommended,261470,14166654,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Adat,"Well worth the price.Pros -Amazing modding community (extended universe, AI improvement, etc.)Deep gameplay mechanicsLots to learn (replayablity is high)Customability like designing all of your ships/basesYou can automate what you want (nothing to everything)The New Guy Newbie Guide has it all if you want to manually control everyting (which trust me, you do)Fullscreen windowedCons-$$$$ (But it is worth it)The amount of information can be dauntingLack of great outside resources (wiki like materials) but there is the matrix forumsLooks like an old game??? (Just putting this here if that kind of thing bothers you BUT who cares how the game looks as long as it plays great and it definitely plays great)I was on the fence for ~6 months because of price and my availability to play games. However I eventually caved and am glad I did. This game fills the 4X and Grand Strategy itch and it is in space. What more can you ask for?"
76561197983591258,Recommended,261470,21479773,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kumquat,Best 4x game I've played in my 20ish years of playing them.
,Recommended,261470,10232721,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,WrathPhoenix,"I have little to say that isnt said already. I am a huge fan of 4x grand strategy games. From MOO to Space Empires to GalCiv  or basically any Sid Meir or Paradox title. This game is the most engaging title I have played in the genre since Space Empires. It is everything we were hoping MOO3 would be.You can micromanage to your hearts desire but to me, I love the fact I can macromanage on the scale originally promised by MOO3. A multiple page options screen allows you to set your imperial policies wherein the AI will lovingly (and intelligently, by the way) follow through to your commands. You can have the AI automanage everything based on these policies if you choose but it will always loosen its grip when you click a ship you want to control or research you want to do in order to let you guide it.It truly is breathtaking with the level of detail you can get down to. I specifically started as a human colony pre hyperdrive technology and have been having a lot of fun in an ancient galaxy. Watching my empire build from fledgling to become a colonial power has been quite fun.The game is not new, but before you go on about the price i would note that this version of the game includes the base game plus over a hundred dollars worth of expansion content AND a new batch of content for the Universe version. The possibilities are endless with regards to what you can do. Want to be a pirate king? A human diplomat? A Spy Master? Fleet Admiral? Corporate Profiteer? You can do all of that and more, and have the AI cover the parts of the game you dont like... or be a hands on emperor and manage it all yourself!One more thing. For fans who have ever played Star wars Supremacy (Rebellion, in the US) there is finally a game we can go to! The mission system and personal stories of the characters harken back to that game (As well as MOO) a LOT. Youll be quite pleased!"
76561198040236325,Recommended,261470,20681144,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ace_Rimmer_CRO,"Incredible game, I d say best strategy ever. Dont let the poor graphics or complexity lvl of the game keep You for away from giving it a try. Game is very deep&complex, but one can choose lvl of complexity on his own preferences due to the automate option for lots of areas. I must say that for the first time in my 30yrs gaming history (which is from the days of early 80s and Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum games), I really feel like emperor or whoever is in charge of one space empire. U can be lazy emperor and automate all or some(in which case AI might do good&bad things), on the other hand if You really want succesfull empire You need to work...Big plus are community mods so the Start Trek and Star Wars lovers would really have a great time playing. Speechless that this sort of game is made and cant wait for DWU2"
76561198045268417,Recommended,261470,30753296,Posted: 26 March,all,BobPOS,"I've been playing this game for years having all the 'DCL' and it is soooooo good I even bought it all again on steam (at a discount of course, I waited for it). This is one of the best space games ever. I originally hated the 2D image but the in-depth games resources, plots, size is what makes it one of the best. Specific resources is needed to make and keep ship running. BUY THIS AND PLAY IT AND YOU'LL SEE WHAT I SAW WHEN I TRIED IT. I've NO association with the developers or the company(s) involved in its production. I just love it!!!"
76561198009194586,Recommended,261470,22494271,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Naeva,"I honestly think anyone who's a fan of space 4x and paradox style strategy could find something to love in this game. I got it recently and literally lost my entire weekend to being absorbed it in. That hasn't happened since I was a kid.The systems are quite complex, it's got a bit of a learning cliff. Sure you can automate everything but if you don't understand what the settings do then everything falls apart a little. My biggest criticism would be how obtuse some things are. I'd highly recommend spending a couple of hours watching guide videos or reading about systems (Das Tactics on youtube has a great series, and the subbreddit is quite helpful).If that sounds like the kind of effort you're willing to put in to stop being hopelessly confused then this is the game for you. It's scale is amazing, the stories that come out of it are brilliant. You can go from being a civilisation just stretching its wings in a large and hostile universe to deploying planet cracking weapons against intergallactic supervillians. You start as a galaxy spanning empire and police/nuture your favourite empires to greatness. There's really not a lot of ""point"" to the game, victory is achieved by simply being the most awesome at everything with a little bit of flavour for race. The joy is in the simulation depth and the emergent stories as you set about doing whatever it is you want to do. Hell you can turn victory conditions off and just mess around if you like.Once you understand how to get things flowing smoothly to create the kind of game you want to play with the automation there's a little bit for every tactics/strategy gamer in this. Diplomacy your way to galactic peace, engineer hyper efficient ships, steal lie and plant chaos, raid, commit genocide, micro to your hearts content and win battles through abusing range mechanics, bored ships, screw with trade lanes, optimise logistics, kill a leader.. the list goes on.And when you've exhausted all the different starts and play styles that might be fun, play as a pirate nation or install one of the amazing mods and do it all again!"
,Recommended,261470,25488568,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mattius,amazing scope and immersion. almost everything changable. one of my favorite 4x games of all time.
76561198006590545,Recommended,261470,27865075,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kralizeh,Best space empire simulation ever.
,Recommended,261470,16058559,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Skywarp,"I must say, this is one of the best real time 4X strategy out there. Having the ability to automate the hell out of this game is what makes it so good. You can allow AI to do the stuff automatically while you just make important decisions and watch your empire grow. Anytime you can interfere and micromanage something yourself. Or you can manually control all of your empire in a huge galaxy. Learning curve is steep, but as long as something is automated, AI will make sure to do it right (most of the time) and you will have time to learn.This game is moddable and there are already mods like Star Wars theme that adds races, planets and ships from that universe.If you are into 4X RTS, hurry up and buy this game while it is on sale!"
76561198048103311,Not Recommended,261470,16538760,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CovertOrpheus,"Edit: I fixed my issues somewhat by changing some settings in Windows (I changed my display scale from 100% to 125%). Even so, I hope there is a real fix one day.---This game is THE perfect space 4x game. Just be aware that it has a built-in bug that causes the ingame text to look blurry and illegible on 1080P or above screens that are 17"" or below in size.The ingame text looks god-awful on my laptop, and while the game is everything I wanted it to be content wise, I still am deciding to give it a thumbs down in order to get this message across to the devs and any potential buyers.So if you have a gaming laptop, just keep in mind that this game does have a bit of a font/text bug that may or may not be fixed in the future. You might be able to live with it, but it's difficult for me, and this is coming from someone who has put hours upon hours into other 4X games and MMORPGs. Normally my eyes are just fine staring at a screen, but they were just super strained by this game.Based on what little I played, I definitely think this game is THE definitive space 4X experience. Just make sure you either have a large screen, or a laptop with a lower resolution. Otherwise, you might end up with tired eyes after about an hour of gameplay."
,Recommended,261470,15886427,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,pango,"Pros:Good gameplayDepth/complexityHours upon hours of funCons:The priceGame's technology feels basic and out of date: event windows judder on to the screen rather than smoothly scroll; when you open screens to view stats you can see the screens being built, interface element by interface element; screens use standard Windows scroll bars, comboboxes etc. which feels really cheap and nasty."
76561198021291167,Not Recommended,261470,19677181,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,wreuter1,"I will keep this short, I love 4x space strategy.  This game has a ton of options to automate everything, but I found the AI to be especially lacking in combat so you will have to avoid such automation.  Generating funds is not done well by the automation either.    So in the end you have to turn a lot of that automation off too which in the end become burdensome.Pirates plague the spaceways and while you can protect yourself from them, but it is exorbinantly expensive.  You cannot keep a big defensive fleet(s) because you will go broke.  You cannot protect your planets from pirates well as the defensive systems will also cause you to go broke.  If you don't check the pirates they will severely effect your economy.  And we have not even mentioned conflicts with other races.One of the other posts mentioned you can go from large cash flows to negative ones quickly and that is an understatement.   This game can be frustrating to play mainly because your income can vary extremely fast.  I don't play games to be constantly frustrated.If they ever get around to tuning up the AI this could become a fun game, but at present, you really have to micromanage everything."
76561198064936633,Not Recommended,261470,30625266,Posted: 19 March,all,wordwaster,"micromanagement hell or watch the ai play the game (badly) for you.   any serious player is going to be compelled to shut off all the automation because the automated systems are so far from optimal that it will drive you crazy.    unfortunately, this means the game will have to be paused ever few ticks while you spend several minutes going through a very long checklist of the things you need to micro manage.    which wouldn't be so terrible, if the ui wasn't so terrible.   doing pretty much anything usually requires switching between several menus multiple times.the absolute worst documentation i have ever seen in a game this complex.   finding relevant information on the various systems in the game requires hours upon hours of searching online just to find some post somewhere that talks about some test some other player did some years ago that may or may not be up to date.   i still don't know if energy collectors function worse further from a star, by how much their efficiency decreases if they do, how different stars/energy types may or may not effect efficiency, or if the really don't work when moving.  (i've seen conflicting reports from online posts)  there is just nothing in the game that shows the info on how much energy they are collecting at any given time.i want to like this game.   all the pieces are there.   but this ""steep learning curve"" that the fanboys talk about is just a cover for the fact that the game designers don't explain very important aspects of the game and seems to go to great lengths to hide information from players.    the game really isn't all that complex, once you fight your way past the fact that nothing is properly explained.    it's really pretty standard for a game of this sort.    (okay, that still makes it pretty complex)  but the ""learning curve"" is really just a result of bad documentation and deliberately(?) hidden information.i want to like it.  i really do.   i just can't.    i hope they clean up the ui if they make a sequel.   and i DO hope they make a sequel."
76561198011970105,Not Recommended,261470,10471841,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Ridius Allier,"I love 4x games, but i just cant get into this one. It feels unresponsive and unrealistic to me, and I'm not a fan of exposed tech trees. Why should i know whats possible 100 years from now technology wise, that takes all the fun out of exploring the tree."
76561198005606258,Not Recommended,261470,10361605,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Mortikhan,Waste of money...you either fully automate and WATCH your empire or unautomate portions or all of the facets and get lost in the confusing and unresponsive game mechanics.  The tutorial does not let you do anything...it just tells you what things do but when in an actual game the controls do not function or do not do what you would expect them to do.  You either get bogged down in minutia or bored to tears because you can't control anything.  If you like SIMS Solar System this is your game...if not find something better to spend your money on.
76561198007432044,Not Recommended,261470,10735015,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,garravesh,"Horrible resoultion, horrible fonts, boring graphics. People will claim that because the game renders hundreds even thousands of worlds that the graphics need to be crappy to ensure the game runs one computers.The game is 4 years old and sells for more then  a large majoriity of new games here on steamIt comes from a company that is known to be expensive and is unknown or niche. They have games like Eastern Front II made in 1999'ish and slap on a new title  ""Tiller something or other"" and  patch it and sell it for upwards of 30-40 dollars depending on physical or digital copy.People will claim it is the best money they have ever spent on a game and perhaps it is true but the experience of paying 60 dollars for a 4 year old game and its expansion ( 1 which is a recent expansion) should be warnjing enough.Only hardcore x4  strategy fans of this specific genre who dont care about graphics will truly have a chance to enjoy the game to its fullest."
76561197977627658,Not Recommended,261470,18320475,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jay.dugger,I haven't dedication enough to withstand the game's interface. I suspect a lot of fun hides behind that bad design.
76561198073371258,Recommended,261470,13030155,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BattalKruvazor,Best sci-fi\space 4X. The civilian economy system is designed very well and makes the universe much more alive. Very immersive.
76561198086841963,Not Recommended,261470,20093746,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,thomj.ander65,"Fantastic game, however it does not run on Windows 10 which keeps me from recommending this terrific game to others.EDIT: Thinking about buying DWU? Dont. Buy Stellaris instead, it is deeper, better UI, better events, better exploration, and the best of all - Paradox is going to keep the game updated and supported for years to come.DWU's developers basically left this game for dead with no patches for the many bugs and crappy UI. I suggest buying Stellaris, it is CHEAPER runs BETTER and has CONSTANT SUPPORT!"
76561198092999363,Recommended,261470,29595542,Posted: 30 January,all,Geno1664,"Favorite Strategy game of all time.P.S. If the game dosn't run, what worked for me was to turn off the intro cutscene in the config file."
76561198014403206,Recommended,261470,28717014,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Steeeeeeve,"This game is amazing. I had to install DirectX manually to get it running, but it's like EVNova from a factions perspective rather than a pilots. Great 4x."
76561198072009323,Recommended,261470,29471198,Posted: 24 January,all,ubercharge,"I dont write reviews normally but this game is amazing its one of the best, it has victoria 2 like economy nuff said."
76561198190742123,Recommended,261470,23278767,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sammytwp,Lots of hidden depth to this game. If its on sale then its a very safe choice.
76561198170119374,Recommended,261470,29657955,Posted: 2 February,all,TheAlmondCatPlumber,"GREAT GAME!I recommend this game to everyone, best playing + fun when you micro-manage everything 10/10"
76561197993330000,Recommended,261470,10270089,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Spur Prime,"It is a very indepth and detailed game and is my first sojourn into the Distant World Franchise. So far I have put 11hrs into it and can say it meets my fanboy expectations of a 4X space games and is not for everyone. It is not turnbased but you can pause the game easily with a touch of the space bar.At times the amount of information is overwhelming. And even with the ""F1"" key to whack open the in-game Encyclopedia I felt like I was (And still am) floundering on a lot of the games details. The discovery on my own of how the game works so far has been a blast. I am easily losing time to this game without noticing it...the signs of a good game for me.The best part is the automation used to simplify your first couple games. I am still leaving it on but feel confident that I will eventually turn it off to some degree as I get better grasp of how things work. Two big toes up for approval in my book!"
76561197995285223,Recommended,261470,10423419,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Chickens,"A fascinating 4x game.   The steep learning curve is definitely worth the time investment.  This game is its own take on the genre and defies comparison to other space 4x games.  The huge galaxy feels alive with pirates, raiders, monsters, abandoned ships, ruins, etc.  The 2D graphics are quite charming as well.  Solar system are actual solar systems, and you can have up to 1400 of them.However, this unique game has some unique frustrations.  Several systems are needlessly complex.  For instance, I can't stand building a new fleet only to have the newly built ships automatically decide to go on a mission far outside of my main territory and run themselves out of fuel.  Also when building a fleet, I don't see why I have to order new ships in the building manager, then go into the ship manager to find those ships and assign them to a new fleet, then go into the fleet manager and rename the fleet and set its orders!  That can get awfully tedious when I want to build and maintain a large number of fleets - why can't I just order a fleet from the fleet manager?  Another good example of needless complexity is the resource system.  There are dozens of resources - maybe even hundreds.  It's tough to tell what's important and why certain colonies have the resources they need and other's don't.  So many resources adds nothing but complexity.There are other low points as well.  When I have a large fleet that needs refuel and repair, it can take a really long time as they all queue up in the same busy station when other stations are available even within the same system.  The ship designer is inferior to both GalCiv2 and Master of Orion - and you have to fight with the automated system if you want to make your own designs.  In fact, tech upgrades come so fast that you'll want the automated system on for the most part, but it would be nice to insert my own designs without turning off the automation, making the ship, then needing to turn it back on.   Also combat balance is not that interesting - as in many 4x games the biggest ship with the biggest guns is the only class you really need to build.  It would be nice if any 4x game had roles for all ship sizes from the smallest escorts to the largest battleships even in the late game.  The music is good, but I wish it were context-sensitive.  It is odd to have pulse-pounding music when I'm just waiting for my spaceport to be built.However, overall this delightful game is such a great take on the 4x concept that in spite of the frustrations, it is well worth the time.   Recommended for fans of the genre, but not for the faint of heart."
76561197961342429,Recommended,261470,10680381,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nightstar,"If you like strategy games, give this title a chance! I'm certainly glad I did! The gameplay is odd at first and it is hard to understand what's going on. Ships fly around, mine and interact all by themselves. This is the private sector, transporting goods etc. which make this game much more immersive than other similar games. There's a private economy, and a lot of races whom can share planets. This way it feels like it actually matters if you colonize or annex a planet. You can assimilate the race or make it a slave race, or you can give them 0% taxes and watch the economy boom, which in turn means they will buy more ships from your empire.The galaxy has a life on its on, pirate factions roam around and other empires go on about their business. And the best part, you can choose exactly where to intervene and at what level. You want to add more missile launchers to a specific line of frigates, do that. You want to decide what planet to colonize first, do that instead. Whit an excellent automation tool, you can choose where you want to put your focus. This way you also really feel like you are managing an empire. If you can't be bothered with boring details, focus on the more important aspects: which alliances to form, who to attack or where to send your spies.This game is both complex and simple at the same time, depending on how much you want to run yourself. The level of detail and depth of simulation, opens up for many interesting scenarios. It feels like literally anything can happen, just like in dwarf fortress. As a result there are endless possibilities for both success and failure.The only thing I miss is multiplayer, which in my opinion would make this a legendary game.If you buy the game, give it some time, automate everything at first then choose a specific focus, for example colonization. It will grow on you, I guarantee it!"
76561198068710825,Recommended,261470,17892851,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,wolfriley88,this is by far one of the best games I have ever played. The sheer amont of strategy and options for something requiring a little less manegment is profound. This game is deffinitly worth the price tag. My only complaint is the lack of steam workshop.
,Recommended,261470,17900736,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JammersDublin,"got this because i was a master of orion fan. Pretty complicated, but enjoyable and a nice change to the normal games i'd play"
,Recommended,261470,20953814,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kaiser,"As I trekie I mod this game. I have e.g. the Picard-era mod and then the game is superb. You have plenty of races, a vast playing field, a large tech-tree where it's worth aquiering a niche. The game has some replay value, albeit that some civilisations (like ""The Federation"") are too overpowered. Note: you have to download and install a mod if you want to play the Star Trek-version.As a game, without mods, it's fine. I do not enjoy the original races, hence I mod it. However basic elements like the tech-tree, the size of the universe, design of starships, spy-activities, remain similar."
,Recommended,261470,10281854,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ohno,"So I've just finished my first game - It's fantastic.Well, it wasn't my first first game. I spent my first hour or so getting mauled by pirates and figuring out how to deal them as well as getting out to colonize some worlds.It takes a few hours to get used to the interface and the mechanics (Fairly certain I've not even touched 10% of the mechanics) but eventually it clicks and it becomes completely enthralling. Encountering different alliances and races, bullying out poorer empires for resources and kicking back and exploring the galaxies. It's absolutely massive.The automation is pretty cool as well, there were points were I didn't want to deal with the economic side and just go messing around other peoples territory, there were other times where I got smashed and figured I better know how the economic side works. You have the freedom to automate or determine a lot of your gameplan.Alas, In my first game I managed to incur the wrath of the Ancient Guardians (I think we had some contested bases) and I was well and truly put in my place (I didn't find/trigger the Shakturi).Pros -It's massive. Incredibly indepth, I've not even scratched the surface.Being aggressive is incredibly fun, but the slow, methodical economic route is also pretty fun too.You can even be a pirate, rather than a budding empire.Music was pretty immersive too.It's currently -17% off and supposedly this game ran for $100+ without the expansions.Supposedly there's a story, so you get to enjoy that too.Automation, so you can leave the stuff you don't want to do to the AI and you can get on with what you want.Cons -You will get smashed before you figure the basic things out. (Pirates are pretty brutal, do the tutorial!)The game has a relatively steep learning curve, but it's nothing a few games won't sort out.The UI can be a little.. messy.Overall, I'll probably end up spending a ton of time on this. It's pretty fun and especially worth the money now that you get the expansion content at this price."
76561197968220536,Recommended,261470,10294495,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Falokis,"Probably one of the best single player, RTS, space sim, games on the market."
,Recommended,261470,10321304,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,LordDravos,Awesome space 4x.  All of the details for the micromanager and all of the automation for those who don't give a ♥♥♥♥.
76561198002518143,Recommended,261470,12363717,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Shui,"Game is probably on of the most in depth and detailed 4Xes I have ever played to the point that they suggest you start off messing around with just one ship in your empire before working your way up. You can have almost everything automated, so there's that. Has many customization options as well. Want to build a galactic empire? Go for it? Want to build up a massive mercenary/pirate  organization? You can do that too. While I enjoy it,  I dont believe its worth the price its currently at on here. Wait for a sale, unless your a diehard fan of these types of games and are willing to put up with a steep learning curve"
76561198005403960,Recommended,261470,18189772,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,TheShah,"PROSStill the best 4x game out there.   Will be until Stellaris.Nothing is more epic than breaking out of pre-warp.The ship sprites are surprisingly endearing and aesthetically pleasing.The game engine provides an excellent, fully-scalable sense of scale.  You are able to zoom in real time from a moon orbiting around a planet orbiting around a star all the way up to the entire galaxy (with over 1400 systems.)The game is complex but its polished AI will automate as few or as many mechanics as you like.There is an active modding community, including a Star Trek, Star Wars, and WH40K total conversion.Nearly everything is customizable in some way.CONSSequel should have binary star systemsVanilla GUI is clunky, but this can be modded overVanilla Art design is nothing special, but this too can be modded overOtherwise flawless4.5/5.0"
76561198147945687,Recommended,261470,20461186,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Luggy5876,"""It's about time, it's about space""  This is a great game. As has been said, you make it as difficult as you want or not---and concentrate on what you want to do. I'm not half as smart as the people who usually write these things but I have to say.....what a great game. Wave that beginners (noob) flag and dive into easy modes, completely micro-adjusted to your mood. Pirates are a big P.I.T.A. so adjust their power and control to how you feel like dealing with them. Buy this game--- absolutely. Buy it on sale --- better yet. Still, this is one of those games that will literally rob you of sleep, LOL. There is so much intricacy, so much detail, it can be over-whelming. I watched Youtube videos which I found helpful. One from a guy who didn't seem he knew what he was doing but what the hell, neither did I. Another Youtube vid by a guy who made mods and he (Das.....), I enjoyed listening to. On the edge with getting this? Get It! It's very user friendly."
,Recommended,261470,10244719,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Bloody Arlequin,"The best 4X game I played, HUGE univers that make you feel just like If you were runing an empire. Lots of configurations to let the IA control for you the aspects you arent interested on, good IA... I can't express how good it is. TRY IT, worth every cent of his price."
76561198031606526,Recommended,261470,10266357,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,lordderish,"Expensive, but actually a very good epic space empires game.  I prefer this to Galactic Civilisations.  Alot of complexity, but much can be automated, so it's not too overwhelming."
,Recommended,261470,10351325,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Polaris,I still have no idea what I'm doing. All I know is that I think I'm kicking butts.
76561197970681058,Recommended,261470,10269256,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Space_elmo,"I rarely review products I buy on steam but I have to weight in on this one as it was such a pleasant suprise. To my shame I had never heard of this game despite being a huge fan of Civ 4 and Sins.The customisation and depth of this game are truly unparallelled. It allows you to free your imagination and play whatever story arc you wish, from simple captain to God/Emperor of a pan galactic civilisation. Those that complain about the UI just need a bit of time to get used to it. I have had no problems understanding what fleets want to do and what bases need. The only limitation has been the multi-threading ability of my brain.As another reviewer stated, only when you play this game, do you realise what other 4X games have missed."
76561198060770608,Recommended,261470,10697972,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hrvat12002,There is no two map playouts that are the same. So much replay that can be done and different settings to change around.
76561198022103865,Recommended,261470,10731406,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sirro,Legendary game potential. I love this game. Devs please keep adding to the game. You are doing it right!!
,Recommended,261470,10293168,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,PrettyhateM,"This is the best 4x game I have ever played.  You can make it as complex or a simple as you want and either choice is still fun.  You can even adjust your involvement during a game.  This isn't a gimmick, but instead it is great design.  The AI is the best I have seen in a while!  HIGHLY recommend."
,Recommended,261470,10358794,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Duedin23,"I really didnt know if I would like this game but I bought it and it is one of the best purchases of my life! Such a great 4x game with so many diffrent ways you could experiance the game (make sure to read the ingame wiki to help you out). It takes some getting used too but once you understand how everything works then it makesthe game so much more fun, because their is always something that you need to deal with and just having the experiance of finishing the research of your hyperdrive just feels amazing! 10/10"
76561197973131069,Recommended,261470,12812105,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,jrwizzard,"It is a 2D stradegy game with alot or little as granularity as you want. There are as many ways to play it as races and factions, each with there own objectives. I recommend being very particular with your race/faction as that will be how you need to play.. in order to win. The great thing about this game is the policy that enables you to either be as involved as you want or just sit back and watch only interferring when tottally needed.If you just play the game to win, it works fine. If you play sandbox with victory conditions turned off, or continue to play after you win it eventually crashes. The code looks like a memory leak.. or perhaps it is restricting itself and crashing that way because it seems to be only 32 bit. Each time I crashed I hap about 40% of the galaxy under my control.The built in cheats are great. They allow you to munipulate the basic variables without having god like powers.Given the limitations of the memory leak, you will never see the entire story line. It will still give you hours of fun, and perhaps they will fix it one day.. So I do recommend it with those limitations in mind."
,Recommended,261470,11281652,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bah,Too much epicness
76561198044436976,Recommended,261470,24802050,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,YUNG NUBBA,Only con is the games are too short
76561198021850039,Recommended,261470,21296092,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Furbag,"This is like playing Twilight Imperium, or Eclipse: Dawn of a New Age. Huge! Awesome,  and can satisfy every level automation you want from woe to go!"
76561198036494314,Recommended,261470,25280277,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,game,"Pros:ImmersiveLots of ways to manage your empire.Expansive galaxyYou don't need to micromanage every single thingAi can be left on it's own, and atually manages to do the job, plus they add life to the galaxy!You don't need to play as the empire, you could be a pirate or even a single ship captain!Cons:Too complex at firstSteep learning curveGraphics doesn't match up to current standards, and are very oldAll in all, this is a game for you if you enjoy complex. 4x, strategy games, but it's not for you, if you are looking for a high-graphics fast-action type of game."
,Recommended,261470,13497245,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jm4music,"As of writing this I have played ~70 hrs in about 10 days... to say its a time suck would be an understatement.  All in all, do I like this game?  Is there a stronger word for yes other than 70 hours of absolutely?I am a big fan of 4x real time strategy games.  I like games like Sins of a Solar Empire or the Civilization series (though Beyond Earth is not so great).  I am one of those players that appreciates a really long, epic game, where it is impossible to finish it in one turn.  I am that guy who plays a single game for 40 hours.  So, now that I have established what I like, I will explain why this game does everything I have mentioned.First of all, this is a truly epic game.  In games like Sins, positioning is important.  Relative position to star systems, natural enemy choke points, type of world, etc.  In  DW, this is a brought to a whole new level.  Positioning is so much more important, and yet not at the same time.  You must balance the quality of a planet and its location.  Colony worlds take time, hours usually, to become true powerhouses.  THe positioning of other empires may force you to investigate the positioning of less than desireable worlds to see a way to break out of your region of space to expand into newer, and hopefully more desireable, locations in space.Combat makes sense.  I will use Sins and Civ in this but the way Sins takes over a planet makes no sense.  Lets nuke the surface and then send people down.  YAY!  Radiation!  Civilization on the other hand, does things similarly to DW in that you must conquer an area by first subdoing the defenses and populace.  And yes, conquered worlds, and your worlds, can rebel and raise armies to overthrown you.  One gripe though is, logically, it makes no sense for a troop transport to land troops when there is a defending fleet or a defending station.  Also, the defensive buildings while nice, are not complete.  What about satelite grids?  What about planet based - upgradable structures such as starports.  While I appreciate the need to recruit troops the level of detail here is a bit lacking.As far as troops are concerned they are annoyingly realistic.  Invading a planet is always a risk as numerous factors come into play.  A defending force of 300K can be reinforced by the populace.  The loss of space superiority can see your forces dwindle, etc.  This challenge is refreshing and done, overall, quite adequetly.Automation.  THANK YOU!!!  When you first start, this will seem unneeded as it takes away from what is available at the start.  In the truly epic games however, I had times where the scrolling events feed could not keep up with current events.  Furthermore, with 20+ empires (on the largest map I had like 31 at one point, I kinda conquered three of them...), 10+ characters, 80+ star systems, 1 war, new colonization, 3 branches of research, expanding my mining capabilities, monitoring my allies, doing spy stuff, building bases and planitary facilities, handling internal problems (like a shortage of something), establishing forward bases, building new ships, etc, automation saved me.  The game gives recomendations on targets to attack, will automatically colonize planets, reserach techs, recommend which bases I build and where, upgrades ships, improves designs of ships, recommends diplomatic actions, etc.  The game gives me lots of depth to take over anything I want to at any time (while keep automation on, which I thought was a nice though) and also gives me the tools I need to not have to micromanage every aspect of my empire, unless I want to of course.I like the games take on pirates.  Very few games treat pirates (or bandits like in Civ) as a resource.  While clearly annoying, DW allows pirates to become something you may not want to be completly rid of.  They can smuggle needed resources to worlds, attack targets for you, provide interesting locations (which can then promptly turn into a trap), etc.  They add a level of dynamism to the game that many others lack.  You can even play as a pirate faction, how cool is that?Now, some gripes.First of all, I would like a recommended action when it comes to diplomatic decisions.  LIke when buying a tech, it tells me what the tech is doing but adding an option to view it in the tech tree would be nice.  When asking to trade mining stations, being able to view where they are (which you can do, but it is rather clunky to do so while the window is open, and you can't close it without answering it) and what resources you are trading, and if your empire is currently demaning those resources.  The game has all these advisors, but they only seem to speak up in seperate events, not within events to give you more information or provide a recommended course of action.When zooming to an event and if zooms out to galactic map level, it could do a better job highlighting which item on the map is being focused on.  When you have empires next to empires, systems next to systems, ship symbols, base symbols, etc, that information seems to be lost.Overall though, I truly enjoyed this game.  I will stop blabbing on now so you can buy it and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,261470,10560470,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tellaris,"Distant Worlds is a RTS game where you command either an empire or a pirate faction and attempt to dominate the universe. The universe can be very large with many different possible races interacting. Each race has its own advantages and disadvantages. The gameplay is very deep, and can take quite a while to get the hang of. Thankfully, the game allows you to automate as much of your empire as you wish, while you figure out what and how to play the game. If you should so wish, you can play a purely economic game, letting the AI focus on war, or command your fleets to victory, while the AI handles production. You can also do everything yourself if you should so choose. The game gives great flexibility in how you choose to run your empire.The game does have a ""grand menace"" the Shakturi that will come and blow all your planets to smithereens if you are not careful. As such, its also great that you can turn them off! There is a fairly deep storyline for an RTS, and covers a very large timespan.The game also gives you the freedom to design your own ships, however, there are balancing issues with this. As of writing this, you can simply build ONLY carriers and dominate the universe easily.The game's diplomacy system is fairly shallow, and interactions with Pirate factions is annoyingly limited. It does give a breakdown of how other factions feel about you, which is great for determining who to kill first. A deep web of alliances however forces you to choose your targets carefully. One empire may look weak, but might be allied to two of the biggest empires in the game. Interestingly, there is a reputation system, and this greatly affects how other empires can react to you.The spying mechanic is decently well developed for an RTS. Assassinating other factions leaders and commanders can be an excellent way to weaken them. Spies can sabatoge bases, destroying them utterly. This can actually weaken a race's defenses if you use this right, but its random nature is iffy.The game allows you to create maps as you wish, from the system's star, down to every last asteroid. It also has a random map generator that does a pretty good job. Planets are your typical Earth/Ocean/Desert/Ice/Barren etc... You can find leftover damaged or abandoned ships throughout the universe, and incomplete planet killers can be claimed and finished for your personal useage.The game has a difficulty slider that affects how the AI plays, however, this can be further modified by how you set up the match. You can make the game a veritable cakewalk, or tool your galaxy to be as hostile to you as possible.Victory conditions are very customizeable! Decide exactly how you want the game to end! Or not, sandbox is possible too.A major complaint I have about the game is the lack of an interactive tutorial. The game does have a manual that describes everything IN the game, as well as how to play, however it can amount to a fair bit of reading, and is not particularly well organized.So, quick summery:Pros:Deep gameplayResearch and ship design mechanicsWell developed spy mechanicRandomly generated maps, as well as designable maps.Extremely customizeable gameplaySandbox or victory conditions.Cons:Deep gameplay, so takes time to learn.No tutorial systemDiplomacy system shallow"
76561197993396498,Recommended,261470,12103780,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Maker,"Takes an investment to get familiar with. If you liked Civilization and Populus and a little Total War, you might enjoy this one. It ate my stay at home vacation in one bite."
,Recommended,261470,18630496,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Zarathustra,"The most expansive 4X space game out there, although flawed in many aspect it boils down to this, there is currently nothing better to scratch your grand strategy/4X itch.The civilian economy is what truely sets it apart from other games, the galaxy feels alive with activity, and military ships move about on automation to patrol your domain and protect your intrests. Automation is both the best, and sometimes worst, aspect of the game. On this scale it is NEEDED, or it would be micromanagment hell, but at the same time you sometimes have to fight your own AI to get it to do what YOU want.Grapically it is thouroughly unappealing, but if one can see part that aspect the graphics are... functional. They give you the information you need about planet types, ship types etc., withouth wasting any resources on looking cool. Diplomacy is very basic, but functional. Again, it's the economy aspect that sells this game.I do reccomend the game, even with all these faults and problems, again, because while not perfect, it is still the best there is out there."
,Recommended,261470,20480137,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ninth Prophet,Almost every aspect of this fantastic addition to 4X is executed flawlessly in a dynamic and truly massive universe. No fan of the genre should overlook this gem.
76561197969095869,Recommended,261470,11775342,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Gniwii,"This is the best 4x game since Moo2. You can play the pirates..... the PIRATES! Eminantly Mod-able (there's both a Star Wars and Star Trek mod to name 2). You can pretty much let it play itself on full auto pilot, taking over only the grand strategy or micro-manage to your hearts content controlling the most minute of details.Only problem with this game is no multiplayer so I can't kick all your asses at it, cause this - this is my jam."
76561198196595973,Recommended,261470,18002249,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,cyborgpanda529,"Just finished one game, where everything was done for me, it was really confusing, but then I made a game where I fully controlled all things, but I suck at it, so now I have a balance of the two and the game has gotten so deep, the only problem I find later on is that when you have many empires, it is hard to expand, but that is because I choose a passive race, so we are all about trading and research! this game is very deep and complex, but if you put the time in, you will be rewarded, I have sucked all mytime ino this and instead of applying for college, I will play this game, Just kidding, I'll do Both! Long story short, look at some Youtube vids, like Larry Monte to get yourself started and when I become a pro, I'l be back to update this review, so then you know how long it takes from scrub to Legend."
,Recommended,261470,29976431,Posted: 16 February,all,Keith B,Is an amazing game with huge scale and replayablity and mods make it even better.
76561198008998200,Recommended,261470,12301810,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Azriel 420,"this game is amazing. if you like 4x strategy games this one is for you. the gameplay is great, the ai is fairly intelligent, the sound track is awesome, and the variety of races is amazing. great job devs!!"
,Recommended,261470,12685827,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,wootonius,"I really enjoy the fact that this game has incredible depth but doesn't make you perform repetitive, mind numbing micromanagement unless you are really interested in that."
,Recommended,261470,21416006,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Studio Gremlin,Loved it
76561197961481573,Recommended,261470,13299254,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Goatman,"This game is ONLY for lovers of 4x games.  It is complex, it is difficult to learn, it is MASSIVE, and it is fantastic."
76561198065419151,Recommended,261470,13781604,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,itye1970,Gems is very in depth and fun but overpriced. Graphics are rubbish really and belong to the 1980s era! However the gameplay is good. After buying this I then discovered Star Ruler for a mere £5.00 is much better value for money. Distant Worlds Universe is good but not worth the price tag!
,Recommended,261470,22089810,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,John Wick,"My specs:Win 10 64bIntel i5-4690KAmd Radeon R9 200 series running Crimson 16.2SSD-Plenty of species to choose from.-You can choose which parts to have automated (all parts of governing can be automated if you want).-Customizable basics like how many and which types of opponents you want to play against.-Small, medium and HUGE maps.-Plenty of mods to choose from.-Up to 4x speed, if you feel things are going a bit slow.Cheers!"
,Recommended,261470,13713263,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gnugfuriuz,Just spendt 2 hours watching a game play itself.10/10 would watch again.
,Not Recommended,261470,17021012,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Archiver,"After one round let me recount my experiences.*Game immediately opens to the ingame encyclopedia on the main menu, bad sign.*45min-1 hour worth of tutorial, explains too much about easy things like camera movement and not enough about the true depths of the AI options*Some AI options are in the interface, others are in the in game menu by the way*I do like the automation in the game, mostly because it would be unplayable with out it. Trying to get your units to attack anything like you would in a RTS is an arduous chore. Cheifly because you can only give attack commands at certain zoom levels, enemies detect when you attack them this way however and usually warp away or turtle, and of course it's fairly hard to select the units you actually want to use.*Resupply ships do what exactly? Click their refuel command and nothing happens, tell the ships near them to refuel and they warp jump to the nearest planet.*Did I mention the AI? Well yoYOU SHOULD BUILD A DEFENSE TURRET AT THAT COLONY THAT HASN'T EVEN ESTABLISHED IT SELF YET, OH AND WHILE YOU'RE AT IT WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEND SABOTEURS TO AI YOU'RE ON OKAY TERMS WITH EVEN THOUGH THE OPTION IS SET TO WAR ONLY? -- For some reason there are nearly a hundred option but build fleets and build turrest aren't their own options.*Usually the AI will go stupid on you and do something like pull all the troops back when you are crushing the enemy, then what should have been a 2 minute battle becomes a 30 minute one.*Don't let the thing auto build colony ships, you'll have every base choked full of them and be unable to actually do anything since the game has no cancel button for things under construction.*Giant galaxy? Oh you bet. All the better to put 25 AIs on so you can LAAAAAAAAAA"
,Not Recommended,261470,20594600,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"I don't understand the praise this game gets.  It is incredibly slow-paced, the UI is horrible, and nothing works in an intuitive way.  I understood going in that the game had a very steep learning curve because of all the features it includes.  What I wasn't given to expect is how boring it is.  I've tried several races and starting conditions and I still can't manage to have any fun with the game.  It seems too much like a simulation and too little like a game."
76561198030879738,Not Recommended,261470,20111660,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,yaginor,"Do not buy this if you have a high resolution screen(basically anything currently on the market). The UI seems optimized for smaller than 1600*900, and cannot scale with resolution."
76561198042075946,Recommended,261470,13454389,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,alpha122596,"Difficult to pick up, but impossible to put down.  Distant Worlds: Universe is a Real Time Space Strategy game which I believe every game like it should strive to be like.  It's complexity comes from the ability to design your own ships, manage your economy, and build an empire.  Don't just look at your own empire, though, for you are but one of many.  While doing the above, you must manage relations with potentially jealous neighbors, forge alliances and, at times, manage a military campaign.The AI is very well ballenced and is forced to play by the same rules as you are, meaning you'll not find an overpowered, difficult to match AI in this game.  You can also use the AI to run parts or the entireity of your empire, or just have it give you suggestions along the way, so if you don't understand something, you can let the AI handle it while you deal with other pressing issues.The game runs well and rarely lags or slows.  You'll get slowing when you have thousands of ships in your galaxy--so, late game--but it's not terrible.To sum up the above, Distant Worlds: Universe is a very good game.  It runs well, has very good game play, and is complex enough to satisfy someone bored by the simplicity of Sins.  I recommend it."
,Recommended,261470,16046461,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Darth Insidious,"Had largest and most successful empire in the galaxy.Died because my fleets didn't have enough fuel to get to their destinations.11/10 Would nearly cry againAnyway, probably my favorite strategy game to date. If you haven't already, I definitely would recommend at least trying it.That being said, It has a pretty massive learning curve, and in my experience, it can require a bit of patience."
,Not Recommended,261470,10363305,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,the_pest55,"Far too complicated!  I think I will enjoy this game if I can figure it out, but I'm 11 hours in, and really don't know what I'm doing yet.  The tutorial is... well not that helpful, it goes over most aspects, but doesn't really show you how to use them.  If I can get the automation to a level I like and figure out how things work I think I will really enjoy this game.  But at first it really is incredibly complicated, more than a little overwhelming."
76561198007299273,Not Recommended,261470,14196909,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tim,"Hey everyone,For those who read this: I want to start by saying that i love the concept of this game. Its features are really amazing, and it is a lot of fun. The possibility to build a large empire with a huge fleet and 1000+ ship battles is a lot of fun. The ai that helps you run the empire is really solid and reliable (and i love to use it). Sure its 2D but the grapics really arent bad. The combat animations really look quite cool.  No complains here. This game is awsome.So then... why the negative advice?Well, unfortunetely the greatness of this game is overshadowed by a massive game breaking problem: once you got a larger number of planets in your empire and a larger number of ships (lets say about 100 planets and 700 ships, this is after about 3 hours of gameplay if you are lucky) the game begins to lag/freeze at the higher running speeds (2-4 times game speed) and the problem becomes worse once you get more ships.I understand that the devs of this game are currently looking into bugs and are still releasing patches for this game and i really hope that they will be able to fix this issue. However in the mean time i must conclude:I cannot, in good faith, recommend the current version of this game to anyone. The performance issues simply make the late game unplayble and unstable. Once this issue is fixed i will gladely adjust this review however in the mean time i feel obliged to warn possible buyers of this issue.  55 euros is after all, a lot of money for anyone to pay for a game that really doesnt work properly."
76561198053910783,Recommended,261470,10300338,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ZuluCharlie,Best Game to play if you like 4x strategy!!!
76561198052251224,Recommended,261470,11471004,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,oldmarkh55,"Well as a 60+ year old gamer, I've played most of whats out there and was a huge fan of Master of Orion I and II. I must confess that i am hooked deeper than a 14 year old with his first computer game...it's better than many of the older games even back into the 80's i can see many hours of thinking and arm chair quarterbacking and gameplay and yes many mistakes on the learning curve of such a huge game as this.......Thanks to all involved in getting this fine game to us."
,Recommended,261470,11404183,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Slam,"Don't be put off by a hefty price tag, this game is every expansion since the start of the game.Very in depth, the learning curve can be adjusted to how one wants to learn through taking automation off from different things.Best combination of a true 4x game combined with an rts.11/10"
76561198053770125,Recommended,261470,10706730,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sparks,One of the best rts games ive ever played. Definately going to give this one a thumbs up!
,Recommended,261470,10892026,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,harrath,"The best space 4X game you can buy.  Reminds me of the kind of game I wish I could have played back in the day.  Well, now I can!"
,Recommended,261470,11343448,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Genome,"The game is a bit daunting at first, but after you sit down with the game for an hour, or you watch a let's play/tutorial online for a bit, you'll have a ""eureka"" moment. The game isn't as overly complicated as it might appear. It is an extremely rich immersive experience and a tonne of fun. The $59.99 dollar pricepoint is paying for a bunch of expansions and an extremely fleshed out game. The one complaint I had was the base UI, it is horrendous. Seriously, it's terribly ugly. A way to remedy this is to use the ""Extended Universe"" Mod (which makes the UI pretty damn sexy and adds more races into the game). Another quick point, modding is extremely easy in this game, literally dragging and dropping the mod into the ""Customization"" folder. Overall, I highly suggest getting this game to anyone interested in something a bit different from the average strategy game experience.Addendum: The game itself has a pretty good tutorial, and also I'd advise checking out ""Blackstork""'s ""Race-specific UI/Soundtrack Mod"". It is currently a work in progress, but the finished result should make the game a lot more immersive."
76561198059229266,Recommended,261470,11376522,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Time Lord Victorious,The only way this game could be better in my opinion is adding the ability to make custom races when you start game. Once this game give me that it will achieve a level of perfection I had seen in a long time. And trust I logged a lot of hours in this one.
76561198035190675,Recommended,261470,10464098,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jimbo,Amazing RTS.  It feels different every playthrough and the worlds can be huge.
,Recommended,261470,10467537,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Scott,Amazing
76561197977132847,Recommended,261470,10225022,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,spen25,"yES, GET THIS."
76561198009690561,Not Recommended,261470,15170015,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Da Wuzz,"Seems great, until it starts to lag badly late game and crashes out when trying to autosave (or manual save for that matter). When my rig meets all the recommend specs I kinda expect it to work properly esp at the price the game is being sold at.Can't recommend it if I can't complete a game ... sorry."
76561197971680026,Recommended,261470,13965377,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,nlande,Great game.
,Recommended,261470,11052151,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,uberion,One of the 3 my favorite 4x games
,Recommended,261470,32221807,Posted: 6 June,all,E=d.u²,"It's my first game,everything manualwith some advisors on and I never watched ""how to play"" videos.I can say for sure, this is thebest strategy gameI ever played!!! All the complexity I wanted for other games, Distant World has."
,Recommended,261470,15792483,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mineralwater,"This game is strategic Empire Simulation Game. But the automation aspect and detailed system makes it RPG like game. You can literally play off different role in each game. No race has fixed way of playing game.Automation may sound like turning the small plays off. But no, this game provides more contents and more strategies just by being more familiar with automation. First of all, the bi-income system is new turn on. The balancing between controllable and dependable yet hard to manage income and uncontrollable, undependable and conditional income was just amazing. You can really manage 'what kind of economy' you want to maintain for your empire. Also you can balance this through automation and really form the 'government' you would like to build. I first thought government systems were useless, just get by contents that all the empire management game have. But no, you can actually play out those governments through your own policy making. The extra perks from policy makes those role-playing realistic and manageable too.Resource system and delivery mechanism was great too. This makes this game very realistic as it requires significant army to maintain significant supply chain. Also this resource supply chain is just sub-system for uncontrollable economic system. You can fully automate this and forget about it. But if you get use to it and how to twist it, it gives you whole different experience of economy building. Also technology isn't just planetary facilities and ships to win the war or colonize more. They actually affect economy itself. Not just retrofitting, but with sufficient tech and supply chain, you can dominate certain trade literally. Hence making trade sanction very effective. (this domination gets harder as map size increases. But still until AI build tier4 propulsion tech, you will have regional dominance)Also you can manage your sub culture (side-races). It isn't just simple decoration for your empire profile. You can use their population to colonized planets that you don't have technology of. Gaining bonus is mainstream, but enslavement bonus and extermination option was new. If your planet is about to be overthrown by side-race you can manage that. (of course depends on your role-play)Bad sides are AI and Diplomacy, Tech tree balance, and charactersAfter a while you will find whatever you do you will always win unless you put yourself in very disadvantaged situation.Also diplomacy needs more work. It's too simple to even criticize. Trade Sanction or Treaty is great but this is because of Policy and Automation, not Diplomacy. AIs are very passive regarding Economy to begin with.Also use of High tech is very minimal. You can live off without colonization also its rewards are minimal except being  able to have some wonders. I mean it lacks creativeness and character that Energy or Weapon tree has. In weapon tree, each weapon is very unique and you can come up with different combination to make your ship effective. Energy too has great effect on our policy automation and economy. Not to mention the influence management. The high-tech isn't really high tech as its name shows. It's almost good to have but ok without it. It provides some vision and tracking. Also some exploration options. but that's it. rest of them are quantitative improvement of planet's stats or facilities with use of money. colonization becomes very useless until the late game if you manage to find one or two independent factionand successfully occupy/colonize them.It's like this High-Tech tree is on the air. Very not -distant world -like. It has almost nothing to do with Automation or policy nor empire building. It slightly makes things fancier and easier.the character idea is good. But better implement properly. It has minimal effect except for colonial governor. Better give more incentive for having good characters intact with fleet or ship.But it has only been a year. I believe this game would be great simulation game as updates are frequent."
76561198185785730,Not Recommended,261470,29464801,Posted: 24 January,all,Blood of Rage,"I love the depth of this game. Lot's of alien species, exploration, and interesting lore. But I can't give this game a thumbs up because it crashes all the time. Fix the compatibility issues PLEASE!"
76561198078367784,Recommended,261470,21613390,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rosebizzle,"I'm an easy to please guy and this game has good things and bad, but its has two things I love...Penal Colonies and Slavery. They get all sad panda when you enslave their people to build your war machine. That alone was worth it."
,Not Recommended,261470,20347548,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Leflair,"This is like the HoI3 of MoO-likes, everything needs to be automated once it gets big (there's way too much features that the programmers had more fun building than the player ever will), the AI is *terrible* at just about everything (the diplomacy AI especially) and a lot of things seems pretty broken (good luck invading or even bombarding large planets). Doesn't help that the UI is out of the 90ies and it got Matrix Games pricing on top.Go somewhere else for your 4X needs."
76561198000710692,Recommended,261470,24717688,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,AppleloosanGrin (check profile),Still my favorite 4X game to date and I have at least another hundred hours played before it hit Steam.It's use of supply lines brings a newness that other 4X games haven't even tried to take on.
76561198286380078,Recommended,261470,30742881,Posted: 25 March,all,jojojay.martin,"great 4x. however, it does have a steep learning curve."
,Not Recommended,261470,20516362,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,OBoile,Doesn't work on my machine (Windows 10).
76561198008056806,Recommended,261470,24801811,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sylvan Princess Sprout,Better than Stellaris.
,Recommended,261470,21246142,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MrNiceGuy,"♥♥♥♥♥s fire, yo."
,Recommended,261470,26880118,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kew,"Best 4X on Steam, just shy of Aurora."
76561198024292506,Recommended,261470,19624423,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JabbaTheHunty,I wish i knew how to play this game.
,Recommended,261470,11044758,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,lightbringer,"Best 4X game around, well worth the money."
76561198000435804,Recommended,261470,10277005,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sankfang,"Amazing game, you want a game that makes you think? This is it. I want my♥♥♥♥♥kicked and it delivers.They need to make more games like this, ♥♥♥♥ casual games."
,Recommended,261470,10310926,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Zii'lyeh,"Distant worlds is a Realtime 4X which essentially serves as a combination between Stardrive and The Last Federation. Everything you can do you can automate - which means that once your massive galactic empire starts hitting the 2 or 3 digits you can confidently delegate your minor decisions to the AI and policies you set for the empire. At the same time you always need to pay attention as the governor system will often make a decision you wouldn't have made or underutilise available  resources.The enemy AI has exactly the capabilities of your own, which means that the only thing holding them back from crushing your empire is the input you place on it's path.Aesthetically, the graphics are primarily functional - the fact that it's 2D is the only thing saving your computer from turning into a pile of melted scrap because once you start hitting several hundred occupied systems even the hardiest rig starts to struggle. It looks reasonable and with one or two exceptions you can generally see what's going on, although sometimes planets with heavy trading can get a bit too clustered to select anything.The interface is quite plain, like the rest of Distant World's design. I recommend you use the built in tutorials and even practice on the tutorial galaxies as the general layout isn't very intuitive. The game is complex so this is expected, but some icon groups could be a bit easier to spot. I'm also somewhat disappointed in the diplomacy screens and the choice to use 3D models for the races instead of artwork.The game's sound isn't particularly inspired by any stretch but it does the job, the music is suitably epic but does get grating after a while - you may want to consider muting music and putting on your own. The FX can get quite loud so keep the ingame volume a little lower.The main storyline is wide in scope and primarily revolves around a hostile alien race called the Shakturi. Several expansions have widened the game lore significantly and there's now a wide variety of starting scenarios as well as custom scenarios containing however much of the main plotline you'd like. The game allows a lot of flexibility with regards to starting conditions and empires, and even takes things a step further by allowing you to edit your galaxy while it's running with a built in game editor (SM mode?). The size of creatable galaxies is impressive, with the advertised 1400 star systems and assorted bodies. There are games that can do larger systems but not as deep.Gameplay is, in the end, where Distant World really shines - planetaryIn the end, Distant World's appeal is in it's gameplay more than anything else. With a bountiful amount of resources, wide tech tree and reasonably deep colonisation system your empire keeps you reasonably occupied from the get go. Once things start building up and you develop a multicolony empire, you start needing to automate the more common decisions - facilities to be built, fleet management, warsand diplomacy. The policies system an AI are powerful enough to do this meaning that instead of feeling like some sort of accountant you can drop the minor chores and simply make the big decisions. At any time, however, you can step in and take over for as long as needed - feel the AI isn't building enough Cruisers? Queue for them to be built and the AI will revert to policy afterwards.As a last note, I tend to leave ship design on automatic - the system isn't nearly as enjoyable or intuitive as Stardrive's, but perhaps I've just been spoilt for anything worse.Overall I'd say Distant Worlds is a very good game for anyone who enjoys games like Stardrive or Master of Orion. The automation aspect implies that anyone can play no matter how casual, but the slower early pace - particularly on prewarp games - and unintuitive interface means that some may be scared off."
,Recommended,261470,10313580,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Not Patrick Stewart,"First, I want to start this review by mentioning that this game does not seem to properly communicate with Steam. It doesn't tell Steam about your achievements properly, and when I quit out of the game, Steam doesn't get the message. I have to kill the process in order to use Steam in other places.There are so many ways to enjoy this game. Where to begin?If you like Dwarf Fortress, but wish it were even bigger and more complicated for some reason? This is your game. Go nuts. You can do everything from micromanage every aspect of your empire to let it run itself, only occasionally offering up your input. Automate the stuff you don't like doing, and manually control everything you do like. The AI is competent, if not great, and it will often do a much better job than you by sheer virtue of the fact that it knows the rules, and you likely do not.If you like 4X games, it really doesn't get much more in-depth than this and the game, while still expensive, is vastly cheaper now than it was before the Universe package was released.The user interface is atrociously bad, but I honestly can't think of any other way to get across the vast amount of information needed to play this game to the player. That said, finding buttons requires a freaking map and compass. Keep Google handy if you want to do something the UI doesn't think you'll need to do.EDIT: After going further into a game, I've noticed a major flaw in the UI that cannot be overstated. The UI starts to look like a Jackson Pollack painting that moves, which is neat and all, but almost completely impossible to understand. You need to pause pretty frequently to understand what's happening, or automate more and more of your empire as you go on in order to keep pace with what's going on."
,Recommended,261470,11899302,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Maestro,"Quite simply the best 4X game I've played in ... well in as long as I can remember.  If, like me, you've been looking for a decent strat game since Civ4 then this is it.  Get it.  Play it.  love it."
76561198035380308,Recommended,261470,13444290,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,reaperfunk,"I give it a thumbs up but it isnt an exuberant onePros-Like the scale and scope of the game.-great for the wanna be grand stragetist- like the mining stations and over all economy control.cons-tech tree is unimaginative,- thought ship design was boring as well- no combat stragety- bit of a steep learning curve"
,Recommended,261470,13599311,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,b 0 t t i n i,"I RECOMMEND THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE- playing games that take some time... strategy games....  hard games....  games you can let play itself...  space . ....  theres many more.  its a really cool game.Sometimes I leave it running when i sleep, wake up every once in a while and change some stuff.  Conquering the galaxy alone is hard,  so most systems run automatically for me like building bases and colonizing.I like it, but its really hard without help."
,Recommended,261470,10469732,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Baron,"This is the best 4X game I have ever played. Take that as you will.For one, I don't need to micromanage everything. Just watch the darned galaxy grow, with limited interaction...define your parameters and you're all good...this is simulation at its finest.And if you ARE a micromanagement addict, well, good luck fitting your head around the complexity of this game...you can't lose either wayAnyway, fan of 4X and strategy in general? BUY THIS."
76561197960772933,Recommended,261470,12231049,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jaffa,"Distant Worlds: Universe is THE strategy game. I have a LOT of Steam games, most of which haven't been played for more than 50 hours. Skyrim was my record game at 100 hours. I haven't really been paying much attention to played time but imagine my suprise today when I noticed that I've played it for 226 hours..... and guess what..... this game still has much more to give.It is vast and complex, a true sandbox game. You start the game on full automation, listening to your advisors for the next recommended course of action. As you begin to grasp the mechanics of the game you slowly turn the automation off and pick it up yourself. Here's an idea of what you can expect:My last game lasted around 30 hours, it was a huge universe with thousands of colonies. I started in the pre-warp era, I led the Human race to the discovery of warp/hyper speed travel. I started to expand quickly, forming new colonies on nearby continental planets. I soon discovered my neighbours in my small cluster of stars, one of which was the Boskari. A vile insect race, they instincively disliked the human race and I took it upon myself to rid them from the face of the universe. Queue a couple of hours of intense micro and macro management of my 13 fleets (I was playing the game on a difficult setting, so it's not all pew pew) trying to attack their 7 colonies and countless mining stations while keeping the integrity of my fleet intact.As this was relatively early in the game, my ships were incredibly inefficient with their fuel - and that is what I love about this game, EVERYTHING is thought of and you can be as involved as you want to be. To help keep my ships fueled I deployed several resupply ships on nearby gas giant planets for my fleets to use to refuel, not a necessity but made a difficult war a bit easier.If you want a detailed game and you're an analytical thinker that is up for a challenge then this is the only game that you should buy this year.Here's to the next 200 hours.... This time I'll unlock the Shakturi acheivement :)"
,Recommended,261470,13305634,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Artophwar,Best 4x game I have ever played. You can run the empire from every aspect manually down to being a ship captain and have the AI run the empire for you while you go off and bodly go where no man has gone before.
76561198020617767,Recommended,261470,13353095,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,zach.daly,"Without a doubt one of the best 4X games out there. While the graphics are fairly limited, this is more than made up for by the depth of the gameplay: there is a lot to discover here. I have sunk a number of hours into this game and what strikes me is how it consistently surprises me with each successive playthrough; seemingly minor differences early game can play out to generate really distinct end-games.There is certainly a steep learning curve at the beginning, but you can automate a lot of the activities; as you get better with the game you can turn more and more of this automation off. This also means that you can control how much micromanaging you want to do, and in what spheres you want to do it. For instance, the espionage dynamic, while interesting and powerful, is not my most favorite, so I usually let the game AI focus on that while I spend a lot of time on the military aspects of the game.The map customization options are also really deep, and different map types play out very differently. Personally, I like to set the map settings to be fairly large, but with a very limited number of stars. This forces you to be very strategic, as each planet you come across has huge value (this also makes the game much more manageable!).The enemy AI is also quite robust, and will surprise you with what it gets up to, and the diplomacy is fairly deep, allowing you setup complicated alliances (although sometimes this can be quite dangerous: one minor agression on the other side of the galaxy and all of a sudden the entire galaxy is plunged into a huge intersellar war!).As a final note, the modding community for this game is really strong!"
,Recommended,261470,14288237,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kanaric,"Surprise of a lifetime for me. In this era of semi-casual Grand Strategy games we have a game with actual depth. Too many  recent ""4x"" games are all about victory conditions and all about forcing players to go for one condition and punishing straying from it. This game is an open sandbox. You can do whatever you like and multiple races have different victory conditions and playstyles. Though expensive at $59 it is more a ""complete"" pack that contains multiple expansions. This game is VERY MUCH worth your money if you enjoyed games of the past like Master of Orion 2. More complicated games.The learning curve for this game is steeper than others, so be warned."
,Recommended,261470,20502302,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,bh2,One of the best 4x games! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,261470,10333408,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,gumbril,"I'm going to have to put some caveats in first.Currently I'm getting a crash when I try to explore a section of space occupied by some space monsters.. from what I've read it will be fixed in the next update - but I've no idea when that's going to be.The font is awful. Appears to be linked to screen monitor size, larger monitors worse. Seriously have to squint to make out the writing sometimes.I'd kind of expect better for a full price game.. however the rest is full price.++That out of the way, I'm really enjoying playing this so far. It's got heaps of automation, which I recommend you disable, which I did after getting my **** handed to me on a plate a couple of times on the first run throughs. Nothing like 3 hours play, then getting hold of a territory map and realising just how badly you've underperformed..Pirates are super annoying, in a good way. Normal course of events is to pay them off, while concentrating on building up strength, and then wipe them out. It's a pain as when that happens they are all over you, until you can contain them, and they infest your systems with hidden bases. It's a good feature.Nice selection of hidden kit lying around to provide storys and bonuses (ships, bases, tech) and interesting space terrain (nebulas that damage, or prevent hyperspace)Graphics.. well hopefully the Devs can afford to get HD monitors sometime soon.. but game play makes up for it, as well as some nice galactic map features, so you can see your layout.Economics..  bit confused by that in this game, run out of money, you can't build, but the totting up of income and expenses I have not figured out yet, it's probably there somewhere. Personally I would love for a 4x game to add some more realistic finance systems in place - inflation, defaults, loans etc. you could end up with empires that need to expand to keep strong etc.In summary I bought this on a whim, and it seemed expensive, and I'd not seen any reviews produced. I'm happy with it. Could do with some polish, but there is a sense of excitiment I've not had since MOO."
76561198030801553,Recommended,261470,10467624,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Shadow_Wolf,"If you have time and want to learn a 4X Strategy game, this is it.  Using the tutorial is very helpful to get an idea on how to play the game.  Definitely a very good successor to MOO2!"
,Recommended,261470,10485620,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,killwort,"One of the deepest 4X space strategies ever finally came to steam with really appealing price (well, their previous publisher prices was real outrage).Despite lacking some visual appeal the game is unusually deep and replayable. Somewhat hard to learn (read in-game encyclopedia) but surprisingly fun when you master it. At the start you can think it is really slow paced (research isslowand hyperjumping takes forever, especially when ship is running out of fuel) but in a half an hour you'll find yourself splitting your last couple of combat-ready warships between defence and offence simultaneously recruiting troops and leading planetary invasion plus planning your mining operations for a couple of wars ahead.So, sparing details here's my list of pros/cons for this game:Pros:- No jumplanes/wormholes or binding ships to solar systems - your fleets are free to go anywhere.- Economy model: division to player controlled 'state' ships based and 'private' AI civilians is unique for the whole genre.- Storyline: no more usual 'exterminate/dominate' endgames.- Random encounters of epic scale: imagine ancient battlefield with half a hundred damaged ships to claim either for immediate firepower or for tech inside.- Unforgiving AI: yeah, set your difficulty to max and be gone in first 15 minutes.- Diplomacy: no more fiddling with 'if I add 1 credit to this deal will it work?'. You get immediate assesment of your demands and possibilities are really diverse.- Space combat: no micromanagement, no direct controlled ships. Construct your ships, form fleets and watch them burn.- Ground combat: no micromanagement too, just make sure enough of your troops safely land- Automation: every single aspect can be automated, starting from planetary taxes, through automatic colonization and even automatic fleet formation and attack/defence missions.Cons:- Visuals: they are from 2000.- Sound: pew-pew-pew, clang-clang (getting worse when you zoom into busy spaceport).- In-game help, especially in ship designer: 'what does damage control +40% mean?'- A bit slow UI (well, it is responsible at least, and doesn't slow down in epic 100-on-100 space battles)."
,Recommended,261470,11941115,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Quaestionarius,"This game is the Alpha Romeo of the 4X genre.  The cute puppy that peed on your Special Occasion tailored suit.  The crazy woman who is late for everything yet your world would implode without her.  You will love the attention to detail the developers gave it.  You will hate the lack of polish in the systems.  If you still love it, you can mod into your own obsessive compulsive control freak paradise.You could fall in love with this game.  The attention to detail is staggering.  The game will let you micromanage an empire spanning hundreds of stars over the course of several months.  When you finally tweak the automation into submission you could play a game in a few hours.  As you try to figure out the many systems and get them all to work for you your obsessive need to control all things will be satisfied.  At least in fantasy.The many systems each have many details which all must be paid attention to at the same time.  This could be a plus or minus depending on the person.  The problem is the lack of information given about these details.  An internet connection to answer the many questions you will have is recommended.  Keeping the automated systems on to start with is also recommended.  Try to figure out why the recommendations are being made.  The amount of decision making giong on under the hood of this game is immense.  If you don't keep up you will not catch the mistakes it makes.  Those mistakes are why you can eventually beat the AI and also why you need to learn how to watch your empire.  I've lost count of the number of times I've dismantled a ship for doing something stupid and refusing to do what I told it.  Ships which are not automated will run out of fuel and be easily destroyed when their empty reactor cannot recharge the shields.This is a challenging 4X game.  It runs smoothly at all times on a modern machine (quad core processor with gforce 650 ti).  Even if you are a fan of these games you may want to wait for a sale.  The graphics are a bit dated and the interface feels like a college C+ project.  This a good game deserving of the love and hate of fans of this genre.Note to the developers: This game needs a demo.  $60 is a bit steep."
,Recommended,261470,13415902,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sounds,"Initial impression is there's a few stumbling blocks to find the fun, but it definitely seems to have the feel of tile with long term play. However need more time to determine whether this is the ultimate 4X Sci-Fi game, that people rave about.Finally got around to playing this more today, yep the fun is there, just wish the interface was a little less cumbersome. Some places more obscure than it needs t be.That said; definitely worth a look if you like deep and long 4X style strategy games."
76561198119439314,Recommended,261470,13426725,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,I_Eat_Ass,"Distant Worlds: Universe is an addictive real time strategy game with a wide range of races and playstyles to choose from, a game that I highly reccomend to strategy and Sci-fi fans alike."
,Recommended,261470,16081659,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dudok22,"Deep 4X Space Strategy with steep learning curve.I really like the private sector in this game. It is controlled by AI and you can influence it only by building mining bases, securing trading agreements, protecting trade routes, etc.All ships need fuel and fuel rich planets are prime targets for pirates which will annoy you in the beginning. But! you can hire them for yourself and use them for smuggling resources and destroying enemy (or anyone really) bases or for defense contracts.There is rich tech tree with many branches you can take. You can create custom designed ships or you can leave it to AI.Actually if you want you can leave everything to AI. or control 1 ship, role play and explore the galaxy as ship captain.  or you can micromanage every little detail in your empire. or anything in between. choice is yours.1 Thing that is not that awesome is UI which can be confusing for new players.This game is like nothing I've ever played before, I love it."
76561198059331653,Recommended,261470,10282664,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,nevyn0ad,"Immersive, with a lot of layers of complexity.  Expect your first few games to be a bit frustrating as some of the controls aren't intuitive, so you will have huge holes in your empire that the AI will exploit to begin with.  But immense fun, once of the best games I've seen in this genre.  Just won my first game finally now I've got my head around the controls, and victory came without feeling like a grind at the end."
76561197975155351,Recommended,261470,10298440,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rexia,"Absolutely the best 4x game I have played since MoO2. It's complex, accessible has a great storyline and I'm personally a fan of the retro 2d graphics. I would absolutely recommend this game to any 4x fan."
76561198009544618,Recommended,261470,18207412,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hiruuamon,"The 4X space sim is my favorite genre, as one can tell when the look at my game Library, so Distant Worlds was a game of huge interest for me.  I dedicated a significant amount of hours into the game, tweaking different ways to play, and while the AI is a great help in functioning as able assistant, it tends to get in the way at times.  Nothing like getting an enemy attack alert on a system you had set a fleet to patrol, only to find out the AI had canceled that mission, and sent the entire fleet for refueling across the sector.  For me, it is a borderline buy/no-buy call, so if you can get it discounted, give it a try, but don’t but at full price.  I look forwarding to seeing what Distant Worlds 2 looks like, or maybe even a deep expansion, giving greater granularity on choices and options."
76561198004980955,Recommended,261470,10277894,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Petrothian,"Gonna play more after writing this!Pros:1)  it doesn't feel cheezy like all the other 4x out there, which only does 1 or 2 aspect well (In DW, there was no ""does this makes sense"" moments for me... it keeps one immersed if one can get past its graphics. the story/things/mechanics that happens are believable)2) AI will surpises you, it knows when to not waste ships. and unlike StarDrive, AI personalities STAYS consistent. your history with them feels important/that it matters ***this is from playing a 20+ hour game***3) Ingame editor to make things... interesting if you ever feel need a change of pace ***such as setting the entire galaxy at war with each other and watch the fireworks***4) Options for new civilizations arises from indepedent colonies. <- this keeps things fresh if you don't end the game by destorying all other civilization, the game becomes an ANT FARM (which can be awsome since game can last as long as you want it to).Con:1) A very big con is: This game is complex and there are ALOT under the hood. it will drive people who max/min CRAZY if they go in with the max/min mentality.It doesn't feel like your A + B = C formula that are like SC and other 4X, but more like Dy/Dx = Sigma[((A+B)/C)^N] where value of N is from 1 to infintity.Which is why it goes into the next con:2) no multiplayer: But I believe this is inherient due to the processing power required AND having a range roll for things would make multiplayer not enjoyable... ***and where am I going to find people who can play an 20 hour long game with me***3) UI, TINY text, but I hear devs are fixing that. ***Serious dev? are they all super-eye-sighted-humans or something?***4) You WILL forget about work, Birthdays, and aniverseries.Major Pro:If your machine is beefy enough, and can handle it. *16gig of ramgo 15x15 sectors and 1400 stars, and watch an galaxy evolve...."
76561198030975191,Recommended,261470,18979151,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,WeArEsOcOlD,"The best 4x game ever made.This game is huge in scope and can get even bigger with mods.Start as a planet barely able to fly across the solar system to one than can traverse the entire galaxy.custom settings allow the user to have a galaxy from a few stars to hundreds.custom factions and settingsability to play alone or with many many many other AI controled empires.War is not enevitable if played correctly which is nicethe game is so huge and tedious it implements an ""autopilot"" feature allowing you to sit back and watch passivly unlesssomething happens you want to try to provent or vice versa and you can steer the course of history in your favor.great game, a must have."
76561198096111799,Recommended,261470,26093156,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,rockgod161,"My favorite 4x space game by far. It is so imense and complex I am still learing new things 100 hours in. I really like how it requires as much or as little micro as I want, it really helps the learning curve."
76561198009308011,Not Recommended,261470,14712812,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pondera,"First of all, everything advertised about this game is incorrect. Leaving your affairs to the AI is a great way to get bombarded by bad decisions (I think they got Wheatley from portal to do that job). The Private sector freighters are easily confused, and it is a common sentiment that players wish they could control that aspect of the game directly to avoid such bad decison making.And the worst sins of all are that the game's graphics look like they're rendered on an Atari, and that would not be so bad if the game itself did not stutter and lag like a mechanicus adept with a stroke. I am not the only one with this issue. These developers should be ashamed of themselves. Do not buy this for $60. Do not buy it for $10! Seriously, you are just wasting your time. There are MANY better games on steam to try."
,Not Recommended,261470,10507731,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Slappy Potatos,"This game is horrible. It is either way too complicated with (real-time) years of micro-management, or it's way too simple, and the game ends up in a steady state that is impossible to break out of. This game should really be called ""Stagnation"" as that's all you do - sit and watch dots fly around the screen. Would love my money back, just for really disliking the game.Big time pain in the butt, this game."
76561198038644229,Not Recommended,261470,10463782,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,GreenLeaf,did not like the game play would not recommend at that price
76561198015323297,Not Recommended,261470,16391395,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DopamineKata,The UI for this game sucks horribly at 2560x1440 with no way to correct it.
,Not Recommended,261470,16543174,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bilibili,Gal Civ 3 is better.
76561198005171775,Not Recommended,261470,19084175,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Showtimedr,THE LOADING TIME IS LONGER THAN MY LIFE!
,Recommended,261470,23258841,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Aigomorla,"Not many 4x's can come close to DW.By far the most complicated, yet entertaining game.Want to customize ships?  has it.Want to be like putin and rain havok on the galaxy, has it."
76561198035742939,Not Recommended,261470,14468529,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Serx,"Distant worlds universe is able to create large empires of thousands of planets and it lets you even pretend to manage it. It provides you with tons of options, most of which are trivial. The game basically plays itself or is impossible to play."
,Not Recommended,261470,16163699,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Uenifeu,"The game does not start, after 2-3 seconds the process crashes.No error, no log , no crash file. The support link leads to a forum with technical support issues in 2010 (WTF) , this is complete loss of time. I have decent Win 7 laptop, bought 3 years ago, and really all Steam games I buy work.My free time is very limited, I really hopped to play this game. Highly annoyed."
,Recommended,261470,23026127,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wipfmetz,I can't really describe why I like the game. It's like playing a spacefaring beehive where everywhere something happens and buzzes around.
76561198028745316,Recommended,261470,21854589,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,jojobe,Its good and has huge modding community.
76561198006555185,Recommended,261470,10876029,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AndiProe,"deep gameplay, one of the best 4X games I've played so far."
76561198040514512,Recommended,261470,16420195,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Reolos,"This is a beautifully complex, and yet approachably simple galactic grand strategy game. It is like nothing before. If you like MOO2 and EU4, but with a whole lot more, please try this game."
,Recommended,261470,13844529,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,andrewtheh,"LOTS of options.... a little over whelming, but I am enjoying it."
76561198059815875,Recommended,261470,12516604,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Makun,It's the final stage of space 4X strategy game. Why don't you open your wallet?
76561198185235479,Recommended,261470,21767045,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DeadHead,10/10Nothing wrong with this game at all . all round supreme quality
76561198069145586,Recommended,261470,22196163,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Soldaris,Probably one of the best 4x games I have ever played.
76561198001660953,Recommended,261470,16491672,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Aleister,Brilliant game.
76561198006572191,Recommended,261470,16453271,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ites,"did not manage to re-discover the moo2 feeling yet? try this title.feelings aside- dwu degrades any other 'massive scale rts' i played to ponnyhof.if you enjoy approaching a game like you approach an unknown operating system, if evaluation and understanding give you joy, or if you are simply dispositionally masochistic - play it.modable.exceptional.'grand strategy'."
76561198073911194,Recommended,261470,15548201,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,marksman sinon,fun rts its a good blend of eco polital and warfare u can even set the game to full automation ahhhh good times
76561198087218614,Recommended,261470,16132166,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,mudd0359,"I was concerned that the massive scale of this RTS would force me to either pause the game a lot or be overwhelmed in a clickfest.  I was wrong.  Because many of the functions can be automated, according to my specifications, I can absorb the game at a better pace and focus on my own style of play."
,Recommended,261470,17150815,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,bored of games,"Distant Worlds borrows many concepts from other space based 4X games, but does none of them particularly well. However, the epic scale makes up for it. Distant Worlds truely makes you feel like you are steering a massive interstellar empire towards it's destiny, whether it's conquering the galaxy, or simply staying relevant while the story of the galaxy unfolds.Pros-Epic scale, can play a game with thousands of star systems-Good ship design that is uncomplicated yet makes it easy to see the results of your design choices-TONS of game customization, you can play in pretty much any manner you choose. For example, you can start as a backwards pre-warp civilization that is barely beginning to explore their own nearby planets, or an already established galactic superpower, or somewhere in between.-Victory conditions that are unique to each civilization.-Decent AI to manage aspects of your empire so you can focus your attention on the things you enjoy the most. Or you can control it all.Cons-Economy is somewhat obfuscated and hands-off. Not recommended if you enjoy closely managing the financial details of your empire. (Arguably not a con, but for me it is).-Somewhat clunky interface-Diplomacy lacks some of the transparency needed to make informed decisions, AI can be somewhat arbritary at times.Overall if you are a fan of 4x games this is definitely worth playing."
76561197989572979,Recommended,261470,10787395,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cloneast,The best 4x I have ever played. But you need to love detail. You need to love a steep learning curve. You need to love being overwhelmed at first.
,Recommended,261470,16159651,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,pompom,"This is the best 4x game I have ever played. Better than alpha centauri, better than master of orion. It is expensive, but worth every penny. If you are a strategy game fan you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,261470,16193255,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Angry Chickens,its really great i have not played it for long but really does feel like ive barely touched it so much to do even in my small galaxy which im currently trying to conqour.i recomend it for all you space 4x fans out there who want to rule galaxys.such a large scale but but game even helps with controling it all you dont have to run the day to day stuff so to speak but can if you want to. its also works really well on low end compsin short buy it
,Recommended,261470,10457954,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rebel44CZ,Very good complex strategy game
,Recommended,261470,11109192,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ðřăĸě🐈✨,It's alright like a baked potato.
76561198028273979,Recommended,261470,16064028,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Alister,"To sum it up: Epic Hardcore 4X Space Simulator.Steep learning curve, but possibilities are endless.Best in its class by far!As Rock Paper Shotgun reward puts it:The Bestest Best Strategy"
,Recommended,261470,23186129,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,PotetGull92,"My first run I had to restart and turn down the pirates a bit cause they were ruining me completely, after i managed to learn a bit of the game i noticed that the AI troop recruiter is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and took control of it myself. I've almost taken over the galaxy and i must say, this is the best strategy game i've played."
,Recommended,261470,20860100,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Disttack,Distant Worlds is a series that has come very close to maximising its potential as a 4X RTS game. Which is outstanding! Unfortunately the game suffers a lot of negative feedback due to its high learning curve and complexity. If you are used to games of a complex nature then you should do just fine. Realistically there are ways to make custom games in your favor so that you have a better opprotunity to learn. If you buy this game and dislike it because of the complexity and you are unable or unwilling to learn the games mechanics then i will ask you to please not leave behind a negative review aimed at hurting the games reputation. Its a very good game and one of my personal favorites. If you are up for a more challenging than usual 4X RTS then dive right in.
76561198009419490,Recommended,261470,20865477,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dave_B,"Complex star-empire building sim with most complex economy side of a space strategy game that I've played.Although most of the economy is handled behind the scenes, you have basically all of the tools of a ruling body / Emperor / government control ~ taxes, troops, warships, infrastructure development (mines, starbases, shipyards, research centers, tourist attractions, tech research)... while relying on your people to actually do the inter-colony shipping & transport of goods themselves (build a resort, they will come & generate more taxes!).Somewhere around 40-50 different resources to find & get supplied, good variety of tech trees to develop, and relatively competent opponents if set on harder / aggressive game settings.A bit complex to get started, but once you turn OFF all the automation to learn how things work and then choose what you want to control / not control, is very fun. While the game can basically play itself, what fun is that?"
76561198036562911,Recommended,261470,21418144,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,youarethemusic,"Still my favorite space game.Play a small simple galaxy first with everything on manual, get your butt kicked, then try again and eventually you'll learn all the parts of the game. Automate the things you find boring, keep the stuff that interests you on manual. I never automate research and ship design, for example, because to me that's the strategic challenge. I automate most ship missions. Other people probably do the opposite. You can do what you want!I think the default pirates are unrealisticaly strong. I have no guilt about making pirates weak and sparse. Just a nuisance, like they are in our own world."
,Recommended,261470,10333226,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Avendt,"This game is the first game since SE5 that comes very close to satisfying my love for Space 4X games! There are small issues with inadequate AI when it comes to fleet control, tax, etc ,treaties and dealing with other races...Those things should always be on manual control! But the vast numbers of races, star systems and importance of economy and military in a survival, makes this game interesting enough to spend hours and still keep coming back for more! My rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,261470,12215347,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Squeak,"If you like 4x games, you can't pass this one up."
76561198051821309,Recommended,261470,12167798,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,stars2heaven,Excellent game! Learn how to play everything manually first while using a guide to help you along. Then you will know enough to play exactly how you want to.
76561198107221658,Recommended,261470,13327302,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,pinkieslayer,love this game
76561198014720058,Recommended,261470,23982738,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Burnt,Everything you could ask for in a 4X/grand stratagy (-the graphics)
,Recommended,261470,10970662,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Whitney's Miltank,"Sluken Death Cults, Ketarov spy networks and playing as a pirate faction, all good things."
76561198006832774,Recommended,261470,11844860,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Zohan Dwir,"Game says: update available, I download it, it asks for a serial number? What serial number? I bought the game through Steam and Steam doesn't display any serial number. This is downright fraudulent from Matrix!"
76561198001826588,Recommended,261470,10661335,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soloder,Lots of potential but not convinced that this can be played like a 4x game as advertised. It pretty much requires some automation for there to be any chance to win.
76561197968883166,Recommended,261470,10961630,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tony.giov,"Yes, I recommened this game, with reservations. It's fairly hardcore resource management based. Got to be in the right frame of mind to enjoy."
,Recommended,261470,10338118,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Iluvatar,Instant addiction.  A little outdated looking but nothing comes close to the completeness.
,Recommended,261470,11436375,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ArKane,awesome gaming with deep insight ...
76561198007434363,Recommended,261470,17533676,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Snowpig,"""Build your own Space Empire"". This one is HUGE and eats your time like a cliché cop his donuts. A lot of automation is available here so you can play everything between the ruler of the empire down to a lonely spaceship captain.You can micro-manage almost everything, but this game focuses clearly on the strategic level of the 4X. The small dayjob-tasks, like moving resources from A to B or construction of ships/bases, can and should be automated during the game to prevent being lost in the details.Do not expect to have to conquer the whole 1500-star galaxy star by star. This game will almost always be over long before that point."
76561198064664407,Recommended,261470,17436032,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Thancit,built best economy over millenniumdiscover closest ally is going to kill everyone in galaxy.worst enemy gives me all their ships to fight my allythe ships wreck my economywin the war after long yearshave to sell planets to keep home world from being taken be bankers10/10 would sell galaxy to keep home world
76561198035059542,Recommended,261470,16518510,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,drybreeze,"If you can get past the ordinary graphics this game is highly playable.  Very in depth and complex, with virtually every element able to be customised or automated.  Lots of diplomatic, economic, military and political strategy involved.  For example, target your enemie's gas mining operations and pretty soon they'll be without fuel for their own military... easy pickings.Pirates are annoying.  They just never. shut. up.  Like seriously it's the mafia but with a spambot attached.  Wanna pay up or we'll bash you? No.  Wanna pay up or we'll bash you? You're too weak, dumbass.  Wanna pay up or we'll bash you? Drop dead.  Wanna pay up or we'll - ok you get the idea.Also annoying is that every single research upgrade gives you the option to dock and retrofit all ships, which can be quite annoying because they don't return to their former assignments... so if you have fleets deployed to all the wings of your empire and click ""yes"" to retrofit they end up at nearby shipyards and you have to re-deploy them.The scale and complexity of the game is very nice, and the limits are very few.If only the graphics were a little slicker.  They're nice, but ... well very 90's.Overall I rate this game 8/10... it'd be 9.5 or maybe even 10/10 if it had current graphics... maybe an actual 3D galaxy.Not worth full price, but certainly worth half-price purchase."
76561198052720974,Recommended,261470,16800663,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Alexander,this game is a lot of fun but the automation system basicly does everything if you want it to so i end up putting it on auto when i get bored which takes a good 6-8 hours of contant play but then i could just make a ship and controll it and go beat the crap out of everybody its awsome but this game doesnt have as much pull that other 4k have sadly its fun expansive but kinda gets boring if you dont really get into it i feel sadly its not worth 60 dollars but i would still recomend it if you have the cash its fun expansive and will defenatly give you sumtin to do when there nothing else to do enjoy if you buy it
76561198064198514,Recommended,261470,16776028,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lovenought,"It's intimidating to get into, but it really is the best Space Opera simulator I have played."
76561197992621591,Recommended,261470,16989602,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mrpong,"This is my first review of a game, but this deserves it.This is aGREATgame!I recommend looking in the Mod add-ons for updated menu graphics, and races. Gives the game an updated look.There is so much to do in this game if you want to. The learning curve is high. But after few hours you get the hang of it, also with help from LetsPlay videos.Universe has all the previous Distant Worlds releases and it's nice for the variation of the game.I highly recommend this game."
76561198057699814,Recommended,261470,28516626,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,alivewire,i hope they fix the mechanics so it wont crash i get so far then it crashes this game is awesome tell me why it crashes and when i am playing it so well and it crashed so fustrateing i love this game wish they work on it or make another verision
76561198281915021,Recommended,261470,28923763,Posted: 1 January,all,hgbarros,Awesome
76561198012935078,Recommended,261470,15335742,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Klorgon,"Great game. Lots to do, very easy to get used to. I love to start at pre-warp and move forward from there. Played only a 100 system galaxy, time to grow and see how well that goes."
76561197971562414,Recommended,261470,15236427,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,"Although the high price of the game is a steep barrier to entry, this is actually one of the finest entries into the space 4X genre.  Having started with the original Master of Orion and played many of the games in the genre since, I can say that this is my favorite by far.Some of the highlights:-All of the action takes place on one large map in realtime, including battles-Trade is conducted by AI controlled private interests, removing the need for tedious micromanagement-Different races have distinct advantages and playstyles-Very large empires are possible on larger maps-Multiple settings with different plot development, techDownsides:-high price-Not graphically impressive-Ship design requires micromanagement and is not necessarily readily understandableMy advice is to add this to your wishlist and watch for sales."
76561197983493062,Recommended,261470,15575097,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,"Rolf, The Son Of A Shepherd","This is a very neat game in the 4X genre that plays out in real time with pausing, much like Paradox games. You get to research technology, forge alliances, colonize distant worlds, design your own ships and bases (making them as impractical as you'd like), conquer, the usual stuff.Where this game sets itself apart is the automation. Some 4X games require you to micromanage every little tidbit of the game, others overly simplify and streamline to the point where the real decision to make is which enemy to attack at what time. In Distant Worlds, you can play as hands-on or hands-off as you want, it being possible to automate to the point that you aren't even playing a game. However, if you turn all of the automation off, you can definitely sink your teeth into a seemingly overwhelming amount of micromanagement, be it taxes, ship design, or choosing the admirals of your space fleets."
76561197994601982,Recommended,261470,24132196,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,tyrell,nice game
76561198025133052,Recommended,261470,24245650,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Phoenix591,"A great time sink, plenty of depth, and a decent library of mods available for variety as well!"
,Recommended,261470,11652164,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Krotera,"One of the best space 4Xs around in terms of sheer physical spectacle. Immense, unbroken scale. We're talking crazy zoom, all the way down from a huge galaxy map to systems with revolving planets and individual, private sector ships plying the trade lanes between your systems. Fuel mechanics. Comprehensive ship and station design. Automation options in case you're lazy.You can start as a pre-warp empire and despair as warp-capable pirates zip through your system, raiding your mining stations as your fleets try to futily react. Then, once YOU get warp drives, you get to feel the thrill of conquering previously forbidden distances.Its graphics aren't the best, the diplo mechanics are barebones, and you can't create your own custom races without modding (note that the game is highly moddable, from mutable pictures to text files used for names and dialogue in its directory). Stellaris shines much more in those departments. But if you want an unforgettable, immense 4X RTS, get this."
,Recommended,261470,26796873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ray_Butts,Best  time sink Ever
76561198005710523,Recommended,261470,26912160,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UnholyFroggod,"This was probably the hardest 4X game for me to learn. It takes time. It's also still the best 4X game I own. The only negative about this game is the graphics (including the UI). It will hurt your eyes. If this game had the UI and graphics of Stellaris it would be the best game ever made :)Sadly, it doesn'tIf you can get past the graphics and UI you will love it."
76561197963066520,Recommended,261470,27091620,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sythil,Insanely customisable 4X strategy game.
,Recommended,261470,27777002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bzxbot,One of my favorite 4x game since Master of Orion II. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,261470,28017373,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nerzalar,"One of the greatest 4x I have ever played! Huge galaxy and plenty of features, the spaceship customisation is great. Theres a bit of learning to do to get the hang of it but once you do it is gripping!It is among my favorites with Imperium Galactica 2 and Aurora 4x."
,Recommended,261470,20109850,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hypnosis,"This game is a unique gem. I have played just about every 4X, and RTS to ever exist, and it was like the whole time I was looking for this game. I have always looked for a game where the AI plays like a real player, and I was a part of a real economy, and dynamic real time universe that forms randomly every time I start a new game. It's a beautiful thing. The systems in this game are well thought, and you can tell that the developers are fans themselves, because every aspect of the game is refined. There is unlimited dynamic replayability, and it's so SOLID."
76561197998279035,Recommended,261470,25738004,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Frankie Donuts,"Fantastic game, great depth, love how you can control how much you want to control in your empire vs. what you let the A.I. control.  Every game felt new, different, and exciting."
76561198285657098,Recommended,261470,28159783,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,shiosai,complex but can be still automated so no micromanagement (unless you like it). Very nice simulation of the private sector
76561198039487354,Recommended,261470,26903101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ctiger,An Excellent 4X RTS.
76561198039503198,Recommended,261470,27395257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rowdy yobbo,"This 4x game is an amazing acheivement (especially after three or four updates and mods).  There are two sides to a faction, the State and the Commercial side.  A player may have direct control over over the State (Military and some Resource management),  but can only ever have an indirect influence on the Commercial side, taxes and a ship design option.   The Commercial side is mostly run by the AI, leaving the interesting decisions to you.The game can be tailored  for people of varying levels of experience with 4x games because you can hand over as much of your faction to AI control as you like.  You can start by handing your entire side to the AI and controlling a single ship, watching the Universe unfold around you. Once you've played a little bit, you will probably want to at least some of the reigns,  the diplomacy and war AI in particular make decisions I disagree wtih.  It takes a bit of learning to mold the game to your desires.One may find the graphics lacking.  The space creatures are a bit silly, but I grew to like them. The interface can be overwhelming at first, but you can do so much.I have some issues with the game and some caveats.It isn't immediately clear how you affect the Commercial side, I'm fairly sure I still don't know the whole story.The game experience you have is very dependent on the set up, and it takes a couple of shots to understand what the setup knobs do and how that affects the game you play.The vanilla game provides a variety of ""races"",  but suffers a bit from 10% more this, 15% less that for differentiation.For good and ill, there is a lot to learn in this game.  Fortunately Let's Plays are a thing."
76561198058535133,Recommended,261470,27938163,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lordloss98,"I have played this game for quite a while before purchasing it on steam. A very fun space strategy game with alot of depth and complexity.However, you need to be the kind of person who either likes to micro manage everything or doesnt like to do much at all. There is alot to this game; taxing planets, managing fleets, starbases, mining, colonizing. And it requires alot of management from the player. You can also let the AI run certain things for you, but this personally annoys me as it does not always make the most intelligent descisions.If you are the first type of person who loves to manage abosulutley everything, you will get alot out of this game. It really feels like you are running a giant space empire."
76561198083484031,Recommended,261470,25100787,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,Most in depth strategy game on the market i believe. Depth trumps graphics for me and this game does it so good its still a 10/10.
76561197994281375,Recommended,261470,27553154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Harm,8 out of 10This is an excellent massive pausable space strategy game.  Based on shear size and complexity this is an enormous achievement.  You can run the game with almost everything automated and intervene where you want.The game is dated though and all the commands and information is not what you expect from a modern game.This is a game for people with a lot of time and patience.
76561198037795283,Recommended,261470,27647077,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Perihelion,This is a great 4x and deserving of a lot more attention. Once you get past the steep learning curve you'll find that this game is more of a grand strategy than its chief competitor claims to be.
,Recommended,261470,27795714,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BCarter,"This is the game I compare all other 4x Space Strategy games to.  It can be as detailed or simple as you desire, tough  or easy, very long or quick and dirty.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,261470,18394054,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Master Derpy,"This is one of the most complex games of all time. No game save Star Ruler gets you as close to a total galactic war as this one. Its a war that can play out using all sorts of different kinds of hostility. Aggressive territory expansion, manipulative economic domination, and exploitation of less fortunate species are all viable tactics here.I can't talk enough about the scale of the game. The galaxy is immense, and the number of planets is staggering.The most obvious problem is the interface according to most reviews, but I would challenge them to make one that's better. The interface design COULD be better, but a significant amount of development time would have gone into it. In general, though the player will often have to create their own ways of navigating the UI efficiently, it works well enough. The ability to pause the game makes issuing complex orders easy. Fleet organization isn't great (not helped by the average interface design). Ship retrofitting, especially once hundreds of ships are available to select from, is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Despite the fact that the civilian sector is handled for you, I feel like there's a hidden trove of gameplay potential hidden there that isn't explored. There are no major corporations, civilian coalitions, or any real society elements here. Just keep the taxes reasonable and everyone's fine.Combat tends to be a bit iffy. This is the only real failing of the game, since steam rolling with giant balanced fleets tends to win the day. Micromanagement of combat is very difficult, and the Ship Response system you can program into different classes doesn't REALLY give the kind of tactical complexity that one might hope for. What it boils down to is fleet positioning. Where do you put your largest fleets? Your smallest? What planets function as military shield worlds, and which ones as economic centers? Macro strategy succeeds where micro strategy fails.The learning curve is very deep. You'll play a few failed games and go through a long tutorial before you really comprehend the totality of whats going on in-game."
76561198029365391,Recommended,261470,23243185,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,AlienWired,"Stellaris is the Arcade version of this game....This game is by far the big mean brother compared to Stellaris.Given it's steep learning curve, it is worth every effort to take the time and learn how to play it, it is far more detailed and much less boring to play than Stellaris and it's repetitiveness ...I don't just recommend this game....I HIGHLY recommend it!PS: In Distant Worlds: Universe, the level of detail is such that the solar systems revolve around their suns as they are supposed to...Stellaris leaves this out.It's the little things like this that will make or break a game."
76561198054506788,Not Recommended,261470,26637549,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Devin,"This game has tiny, hard to read fonts and an incredibly bare options menu.The resolution cannot even be changed.There might be a good strategy game in here somewhere, but unfortunately I cant enjoy it.It's extremely dated (especially for this price) and lacking the basic necessities that I expect from any game."
76561198007335453,Not Recommended,261470,26681021,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kumorigachi,"I've  had the game for a couple days. i've played enough to kinda get a feel for it an seen how the AI works.and i'm quite disappointed based on the reviews others have written.The AI tends to interfer in every thing from the start.an theres so much automation that they game could pretty much play itself...which -.- kinda makes me ask why does it need me if it plays on its own ?You can to a degree disable most of the automation...but things are so clunky that its hard to know which ship is part of each fleet, which fleet is actually doing.the civilian traffic...isn't very...detailed. they mostly buy civilian ships. which they use basically as resource collectors and and resource ferries.but they don't really do it effectively or in a way that shows intelligence.ships constantly run out of fuel because apparently they aren't capable of developing a system of warning them when they're entering the point of no return with fuel.when you send ships to a distance system to patrol an defend your mining stations instead of using the mining stations to refuel they more often move back to another system to refuel...an run out of fuel in the process of going back which basically means they travel at a crawl.Your military ships lack strategy.  3 Pirates jump in slightly stronger than they are so instead of holding the pirates off from destryoing/capturing your mining station while reinforcements travel there...they suddenly get the need to refuel ...i assume its because they peed themselves at the concept of actually having to use their weapons for the first time in 5 game years.the game works i haven't encountered a bug (to my knowledge) yet...but its quite boring. given that mosto f the game plays itself with little input from you.Its not a bad game but if you like planning an your input mattering ..it doesn't in this so far as i've seen.You also don't  have much customization. you get premade races. there are a lot of variety in appearance an they all have their own traits .Its no where near 60$. i got it on sale for 25$  which i think might be fair.11/27/16After playing more an learning more about it , the game imo still relies to much on automation. but its not to bad. and I keep having issues mostly that i don't understand to my newbieness.For example........Colonization is expensive! >.> Who knew figuring out you need a ship to carry supplies to a planet like your own cost so much.the ship classes aren't so much bigger ships as they are ships all capable of being the exact same size, with the difference being which role the ship(s) in question will perform automatically.like Escorts an Frigates on auto will seek out civilians to escort, bases to defend, and some patrol duties on their own.or Destroyers will defend your colonies in a dedicated role.--its probably is for all the things i've found to do none of them are really done deeply for example  the Civilians are resource collectors, and ferries. they also eventually have tourism and people using passenger ships to move from one place to the next which when i finally get to the tourist point i think might bring the universe a live more.but you can't really influence them in anyway you can't make laws, or dictate ship requirements. Your citizens don't seem to go an buy ships from other nations. they seem to do so purely in their locality. but i think it would bring more life to it to see your citizens buying ships from other empires that you've discovered.on the military side.Theres no overly complex method of order ships around you basically just give general orders an your ships carry them out.For example telling your ships to patrol. you can't set up a custom patrol youte. you can only tell them to patrol a system, or planet, or station , or escort a specific ship but telling them to patrol a system , usually has the fleet break up with some ships going to defend station an others travelling around.I personally would prefer a bit more depth in telling them 'how' to patrol the system an their primary goal should the encounter hostiles. but i can't do that. hopefully in the next DW they'll expand on the command and control structure .and expand on the civilians so the universe feels more dynamic.If i could i would rate this game 3/5 stars, an set my review more on the  middle line of recommending it.It has very few bugs that i've encountered. but it will no doubt annoy you when your ships are to busy doing their thing to defend your station when pirates jump in.or when your planets starving for fuel because the civilians aren't effectively bringing enough fuel to keep operational.but I figured i'd update this since the first part of it was more of a annoyed rant, than informative.Its still imo not worth the 60$ that it usually goes for. but 20-25$ is definitely worth it. unfortunately i assume after the sale it'll go back up.Don't let the graphics hold you back from trying it. sure there simple but its the depth of the game play that matters more than its looks."
76561198039367966,Not Recommended,261470,27491536,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zaflis,"So i read this game reminds of old legend Master of Orion 2. They are right, but the game still fails to deliver. I am playing Skyrim and Rise of the Tomb raider on high or ultra quality, but this old game is laggy.+/- Ship graphics are drawn well, but after ship design screen most references you see to those ships are pixelated icons and far zoomed out blurs or dots.+/- Automated military is a nice idea, but AI makes extremely bad decisions for the player. It  If you start war with someone, your ships won't be going out to capture enemy planets for you. Only random attacks to their systems but that's it. You can't really force them to bomb a planet either it seems. You like destroying the galaxy? Nope, not this game. It seems the AI doesn't like putting bombs on the ships automatically, but even if you put them in manually they're not being used. And AI makes fun of you by making new designs of its own and building them instead of yours. The rate at you get new technologies makes you want to automate the designs and retrofits.+/- Automated colonization works, and is propably much more efficient anyone could handle manually. But then when you do try to play manually, the game doesn't offer a clear interface to manage building queues. You don't see clear lists of available structures like in Moo2 or Endless Space. It's like the developers tried to hide them on purpose in the small printed mess that is the interface.+/- I like the variety and ideas in the research, but the tree is fairly short and completely misses the endgame miniaturization technologies.- Whole popup system needs a complete redesign. It's sliding them from the right in weird steps of 10 pixels or something in 2 second long animation during which you can't click any button in the interface. (I mean, how hard is it to slide an image smoothly from right to left? Apparently hard...) It can show you popup after popup where you can't even see what the last one was. New tech? Oh well, you just missed it. Hope you can find what it was in the techtree.- And all that is after you've gotten used to the small fonts and explosion of information on screen, which would surely make most people quit the game before it even starts.- Leaders? Oh yeah there were some of those in this game too, not that it seemed like they were even there. No personality or anything like leader systems in other 4X games.I would not recommend this game even with a discount. It's left at a horrible state, and needs a ton of fixes to be considered a finished game."
76561198030869901,Recommended,261470,27595374,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jovian,One of the best 4x space games I have ever played. Truely worth a look!
76561198049012538,Recommended,261470,13583129,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,lawlicious,"jerk dev makes great game:So it's 2000 when I start, right? Well 3 hours later I realize I was having so much fun that it's 11 and I have to get up for work early tomorrow... Thanks for making me late for work."
76561198052251167,Recommended,261470,23108402,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,mattgroom,"Much better than Stellaris even after patch3.Stellaris stutters constantly, no story, nothing to do midgame, badly put together. Wait 2 years before even thinking about it."
76561198013132245,Recommended,261470,16296842,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,huminado,"If you haven't bought other space RTS games yet (like Star Ruler, and Sins of a Solar Empire), this game is the best in the genre that I'm aware of from as much as I've played it and the others.It may even justify the high price, as it takes many plays to grasp the game, and after a long amount of play another part of the strategy becomes more obvious and the temptation is there to start over.  [Although I think everyone is aware that ALL games are overpriced until they go on sale.]Part of the learning experience is dealing with maps as they are rolled - some planets are much easier to start with than others.This is a difficult game - not quite an RTFM, but watch some tutorial videos to get a start.Pros:+ Highest replay value I've seen so far.+ You can start with colonization not researched yet, and it takes a very long time before even colonizing another planet, during which, pirates extort for money.  It makes the game openning very lengthy, which is a nice option to what other games offer.Cons:- Some minor bugs seem to still be there.  When I press the ""zzz"" button to see sleeping ships in expert, it returns none.  I have to manually click on the idle ships myself.  I would expect more polish for this price tag."
76561197981538641,Recommended,261470,16621574,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KO|Foxe,"This is my first review for a Steam product. I thought I'd join the litany of positive remarks for the game.It's exceptionally complicated, but even the learning process is enjoyable. If you take the time to learn how the game works, you can navigate its manyfold layers to create a deep and compelling narrative for your game that plays out like a story and whose gameplay becomes very rewarding.A little anecdote from my first game:I had started in preward era as humans. We could barely travel beyond our home planet, and when we could, only using convential thrust engines - limiting how far and fast we could go.A few technologies in, I build a space port. It was a great achievement for the entire Human Race. We were entering the space age.I build the revolutionary Surveyor Mrk I - a formidable little ship that would travel the solar system in search of life and answers. And what it found was pirates. Lots of pirates!As it is exploring, I'm thoroughly extorted by 3 pirate factions, squeezing me for all my Earf (my planet's name) dollars. As a pacifist by inclination (read: lack of fighting ships), I oblige with a smile.In the mean time, I continue to expand. Earf being a moon of a gas giant, I build a construction ship to build a mining facility on the behemoth.Simultaneously, I discover an abandoned, broken down ship orbiting another planet in my solar system. Far enough make me think if it's worth trying to recover and risk whatever ship I'd need to send to recover it.Human curiosity won, and, after a quick Google Search on how to claim an abandoned ship, sent my construction ship to rebuild it in hopes of... I didn't even know what! Perhaps I'd get a new technology, perhaps a new ship, perhaps a some cool new scrap metals, or (probably) a new alien infection that will turn off even the most accepting of spouses back home.I send my slow construction ship to repair the abandoned hunk of junk from Earf.Earf's endeavours were not profitable yet, and the pirates were gouging me, quickly going into deficit. It wouldn't be long before my funds would not be able to sustain placating these barbarous space thugs.Sure enough, in time deficit turns into debt, and I am forced to cancel treatise with the pirates, raising the ire of the Space Maurauder clan especially.They attack my fledgling space race, now boasting a spaceport, some science facilities, and a few freighters going back and forth to the mining stations. They open fire on all of my facilities and space ships, like pirate do. I was about to quit the game and start again.Earf's space days were almost over when, suddenly in the distance, lo and behold! The ship had been recovered and manned by my crew and turned out to be a destroyer of epic size and power; a veritable warship beyond human understanding.Slowly, the lumbering titan made its way back to Earf, and to my great surprise, devistated the entire pirate fleet of several ships with such a show of might and firepower that none could escape its wrath.The ship became a staple of homeworld defence from then on, and after several hours of gameplay still had not gone obsolete. No pirate squeezed a cent out of Earflings anymore, though they tried several times to overpower my fleet of one... to their demise time and again!By the end of that session, I had three planets and was a middling power in the universe and wasn't bothered by a pirate (on my home planet) again.10/10 would turn wreckage into pirate killer."
76561198007956161,Recommended,261470,16152751,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jobro_06,"Two words,IT LIVES! :DYes, this is no ordinary gal civ or space strategy game. The game actually lives and breaths with everything inside of it moving through their own intuition (not your military units unless you want them too). There is no end turn, its all real time but in a great way and unlike Sword in the Stars or Sins of a Solar Empire, this is an actual real life galactic experience not yet present on any other game I can think of except for the X-trading series.Great game, hours of game time already spent on it. In fact I have bought this twice already and I don't normally do that. So YES, I would most definately recommend this to any space nerd/enthusiast out there."
,Not Recommended,261470,17702701,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,bliss_1479,"Game no longer works on windows 8, or 10 for that matter. Was ""ok"" before that."
76561198057705619,Recommended,261470,22737025,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sean.Mccain,Excellent game!10/10
76561198006804622,Recommended,261470,10234977,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Demoniceus,"One of the most indepth and interesting strategy games iv ever played, so much stuff to do u'll let the computer do half of it for you!If your a complete control freak then this game is for you :P if your not this game is for you aswell! you can automate it all or u can automate some of it, play it all! or just control the armies, the choice is yours!"
76561197961972443,Recommended,261470,15747823,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,thefinn,Likely the most technical X4 Strategy game you'll play.
,Recommended,261470,17253995,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ForeChan,I'd Buy it.
,Recommended,261470,16250880,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,I was playing as some humans and was waging war on pirates and right when I was slamming them into lockers like nerds I won the game so i'm ready for DISTANT WORLDS: UNIVERSE MLG ANIHIEM 2015
76561197978610525,Recommended,261470,17038700,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,diomedesbc,One of the best space empire building games I've ever played.  It's great how it's in real time and you're able to have certain aspects automated if you like.  My favourite part is how your empire has actual private industry and private ships going about their business so you feel l you your empire has a life of it's own.I've played many games of these space grand strategy games starting from Master of Orion back in the day and this game did the trick.  Ship design is good and having to manage resources.Game time is deceiving since I've played countless hours outside of steam and just bought it on steam to show my support.  It's very rare that I would do that for a game.You won't regret buying this game if you like this genre.
,Recommended,261470,28825678,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bixorta,Great game!
,Recommended,261470,14962036,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,tomahawk058,"In its current state I would not have spent 60.00 on this. Theres no way to adjust any graphic settings. Theres little options at all. The state of graphics is no where near 60.00 worth.   Okay I've tinkered with it and now am getting a handle on it. I would recommend to new players to turn off the intro game set everything to manual and learn the game. Still I'd like to adjust the graphics alot more..resolution etc., but now at least I'm understanding the pricing..it is vast and complex."
,Recommended,261470,16144676,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Krell,Built great empireGot rekt by Shakturis9/11 would remember again.
76561197966835726,Recommended,261470,15401594,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Pototron,"Best 4x space game EVER. U have never seen a galaxy as alive and dynamic as this. If u plan on playing, go to modding forum and download at least the extended version. The different mods for it, turn this great game into a GEM. So in conclusion dont be turn off by the price tag. IF ur a fan of 4x, huge game full of depth, then u will love every dollars invested into it.Final note. DONT listen to all the pro automation players. The real way to play this game is all by yourself."
,Recommended,261470,16582084,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NOS,"The 4x space game, don't be fooled by imitators."
76561198038334011,Recommended,261470,16690307,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Preatorian,Awesome Game! wish it was multiplayer.
,Recommended,261470,23105368,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tårry,Great space game
76561198077930302,Not Recommended,261470,26653747,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,seandoc12,"Using a 28inch 4k monitor and I'm unfortunately unable to read the font or the UI, usually switching resolution would help this but I couldn't see any options for any of this either. It's sad because this game seems very ambitious, however I obviously  can't recommend this game due to its  options and interactions being illegible, maybe a scalable UI could have eased the problem?"
76561198030945775,Not Recommended,261470,16255571,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,gavwah,"Overpriced, esoteric, tedious, horrible.This game is horrible. The only complexity in it comes from its ability to hide key information from the player and the complete tidium of constantly overriding the horrible AI everytime a new component becomes available.Sound and graphics look like a windows 95 era game - think total annihilation level quality. The interface is horrible - cluttered, ugly, clumsy yet still difficult to access the relevent information."
,Not Recommended,261470,16154080,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Fart Cat,"Doesn't work. The game's launcher starts, but if I push 'Play Distant Worlds', it launches a process that I can only assume would be the game, but the process quits after 5 seconds. No crash log or anything is generated. I looked on the forum for support and they suggest manually installing a bunch of libraries and♥♥♥♥♥♥You know what? ♥♥♥♥ that. This game is 60 dollars. If you can't write an installer that gets all your game's components installed in the year of our lord 2015, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself."
76561198006607537,Recommended,261470,14817058,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DivineComedy,Galactic genocide simulator10/10
76561198121203990,Recommended,261470,33642155,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,intense
76561198054695838,Not Recommended,261470,35424090,Posted: 2 October,all,gerald_fling,"After spending several hours just trying to read the text boxes in the first tutorial, I've given up.  I've tried countless screen resolutions and other suggestion found in community pages and on the web in general.  Text is too difficult to read in anything other than in the help section.  Even the chosen font would be difficult, but the font size is too small.  I have requested a refund from Steam."
76561197966215819,Recommended,261470,10804917,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tyys Müeter,Real Nice Game if you like complex 4X Games.
,Recommended,261470,12516542,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Saiya Darkfire,best space RTS ever
76561197964153504,Recommended,261470,22592180,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Nothing is solve,Yes.
,Recommended,261470,23282805,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tzom,"В тримильйонастосороктысячпятсотдевяносто раз лучше этих ваших стелларисов с бл*дофуриями и рингтонами, всех этих ваших галактирующих походовых цивилизаций (тбс для ретардов!) и прочих 4х псевдо г*вн."
76561198262854582,Recommended,261470,31753194,Posted: 14 May,all,Soaler,Should add mutiplayer
76561198014533670,Not Recommended,261470,20398616,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Daemone Isos,"It is okay, but I can't recommend it.  That is too bad, because I really wanted to like it.I love space 4x games, and this one is interesting.  But ultimately it is bogged down by an opaque logistical system.  There are good elements, but they are overwhelmed by the irritating ones.Regarding logistics specifically, there are dozens of different resources in the game, which are arbitrarily demanded for construction.  This is unnecessarily complex, and not interesting.  Worse, they are only transported by ""civilian"" ships which you do not own or control.  Seriously?  So the designers created an unpleasently complex system, then added a weak background system to handle it.  Which you can't manage or improve.  That is a major fail, and far overbalances the right mix of management and impact.  So then they tacked on another system, which is to offer a bounty to smugglers (pirates) to boost missing elements.Speaking of pirates, they are numerous and nonsensically powerful.  They have fleets and infrastructure on the order of the conventional opponents.  Why?  I guess it was an interesting twist, but they were illogically OP, and I did not find them fun.  Elusiveness makes sense, but giant hi-tech fleets really don't.  Especially given my objections to the logistical systems (above), I suspect the devs cheated by giving the pirates fleets they could not have generated using the game's own systems.This suspicion was confirmed during a game where ""super pirates"" suddenly spawned out of nowhere.  Spawning absolutely does not belong in a game which emphasizes a really big logistical tail on your hard-earned technology and infrastructure.The AI is not impressive, which is true of most games, sadly.  And the friendly AI is irritating, sending exploration ships to useless locations when there are many nearby options.  (Why?  That is not complex behavior....)Sorry I can't recommend it.  I will keep looking...."
,Recommended,261470,26064031,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheBoss_9001 - Бог секса и вина,It took me a couple of attempts to get into this game but I'm really glad that I did. Hands down this has some of the best gameplay in any game not just a 4x. Amazing depth and truly challenging AI on the higher settings.Recommend it!
76561197994503917,Recommended,261470,23800296,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JDCollie,The most fun I've had with a 4x in quite awhile :D
,Recommended,261470,11646908,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Colonel Sanders,Great game! Very immensive realistic and actually feels like running a Space Empire and you get to enjoy the best bits of the game and simply ignore parts you dont like without any consequence! 9/11 !
76561198084004954,Not Recommended,261470,10670553,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dante,"DO NOT BUY!!!When you exit, all save files are deleted. Plus, the game is quite expensive and fairly boring"
76561198031322142,Not Recommended,261470,11466703,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,dsalveson,"Great concept, poor execution.   I have played a lot of 4X space games in the last 20 years.  I have invested several hours into this one, and there is still too much going on where it is entirely unclear how (or if) I am able to influence the outcome of what is going on.   yes, I went through all of the tutorials.There are plenty of screens/menus that tell you what is happening, how many, what kind, etc. to a brain numbing level of detail.   But in terms of screens/menus that allow you to make decisions and take actions in a logical and intuitive fashion, they simply don't exist.   Simple things like wanting a multi-ship fleet to fuel up and go to a star system become a complex mult-step nightmare, especially if the ships in your fleet are not exactly in the same location to start with.Once you finally figure out how to take an action, the action often becomes 'stalled out' waiting on any number of other (non-obvious) events to occur.   Discovering you are stalled (in a timely manner) is the first challenge, then drilling down to find out why you are stalled is the next challenge, and usually a painful process.  Even if you figure out the various reasons why you are stalled, you are then faced with the obvious conclusion there is NOTHING you can directly do about it.   (i.e. you need to have blind faith that a 'Private' freighter will eventually go get the resources you need)  All of the above quickly overshadows any entertaining aspects the game might (eventually) offer.This is the most money I've spent on a 'Steam' game, and I had high hopes.   With this experience, I will be a lot more careful before spending any significant money on games in the 'Steam' world going forward.    The testimonials offered for this game now seem like pure marketing hype intended to be misleading, so how can I trust any purchase decision on this website?"
76561198021971210,Not Recommended,261470,11493867,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Gwtheyrn,"Too much of a good thing.During my time with the game, what came across is less of a 4x/strategy game and far more of a micro/macro management game. There's simply too much going on too quickly, forcing you to have to rely on the automation (which is pretty well done, by the by). Unfortunately, that largely means that the game plays itself more than I do.Be prepared to spend a lot of time pausing the game and alt-tabbing to the forums to  look up how to do X task.  The tutorials are dry as an old bone and not a whole lot of help outside of the basics. For instance, it took me an hour plus of fiddling about just to figure out how to load troops onto my transport ships (and even now, I'm not sure how I did it), then another hour trying to figure out how to land my troops on a planet I wished to conquer.While I liked the differentiation between private sector and public sector, the crowding around the star bases was infuriating. Selecting a ship or two that you wanted- or the base itself- becomes a chore. This became exacerbated by what seems to be an rather inaccurate pointer.The UI can charitably be called abhorrent: small buttons with indistinct and unintuitive icons; tiny, difficult to read text; spreadsheet-like interface for performing tasks or looking up info; little explaination about what each number means. in fact, if I had to sum up the game in a single word, ""unintuitive"" would be it. The ship design interface is particularly bad. B. A. D.Once you can figure them out, the game's mechanics appear to work well- but you won't be using them much. As stated earlier, there's simply too much going on for a single person to be able to handle, meaning that one MUST delegate many aspects of your empire to the AI to keep from getting overwhelmed, and in my opinion, this is not a good thing.Depth is appreciated in a 4X game, but there are several important rules of game design which seem to have been thrown out the window in bringing this one to life. If you want a space RTS 4x, there are other, cheaper options which have done it better and with vastly superior experiences for the gamer- Stardrive comes to mind, particularly.Sometimes, less really is more."
76561198031116431,Not Recommended,261470,16867391,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jhnbins,Game is buggy and nonfunctional with known problems on developers webite.  Do not buy
76561198034940770,Not Recommended,261470,32783010,Posted: 25 June,all,Sir Thomas The Great,"Seems like a great game, but seeing as everytime I click 'play' it takes 5 mins to load everything up only to immediately crash before showing me any form of in game menu or screen it's getting the thumbs down from me. I hope the devs are on this issue otherwise I'm refunding."
,Recommended,261470,12661067,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Oscar Giannino,"Probably one of the most intricate, deep, and difficult game i've ever played. That makes it good."
76561198018692082,Recommended,261470,15619215,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Buzzy3386,My absolute favorite space strategy game to date. Easy to learn amazing with easy to use empire AI management.
76561197970401813,Recommended,261470,23221435,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Jon Flatul,"Disappointed byStellaris, that's why you're here, right?"
76561198015285756,Not Recommended,261470,12496318,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Shizzar,"I like this game, but I can't really recommend it. This game has some serious balence issues with pirates and ai fleets. The pirate can completely overhelm you if set to a slightly  challenging. Ai fleets seem not to pay unkeep like the player does. Many of the mechanic are hard to discern such as removing pirate bases from your planets. Weapon and tech tree are somewhat boring but that has been true of a lot of simliar games."
76561197988787167,Not Recommended,261470,10504994,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Maximus Clusterius,"Game might be gold, however the presentation is everything but. So spent 4 minutes a the main menu in order to be able to post this after spending one minute ever that this was the absolutely worst buy I've done on Steam, ever."
76561197983502360,Not Recommended,261470,21639735,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Absalon,"I do not recommend this game.I love games like Civ5, Endless legend, Age of Wonders, Endless space, Pox Nora. I play all these games on top difficulty. I have no problem learning strategic games. But his game....The tutorials in this game are a joke.Graphics are really bad - But I dont mind that part.When you start a new game you start with a alot of ships and systems so you dont get the feel of your empire by building it from scratch.Also everything in the game is automated - so your ships are just flying crazy around in the galaxy. When your set your army to patrol around a planet the ships warp insane around inside the system trying to fight critters and space pirates.The automation also includes your science research and ship design. You can choose to unautomate most of these things, but the tutorial is sooo bad that you no idea what your doing.All in all this game is probably a nice game if you have played all the previous games in the series - but coming as a newcomer to this game it just isnt worth it.I payed 50 pounds for this game... My god - Worst purchase ever."
76561198004367878,Not Recommended,261470,16073743,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bunseypig,"Cannot get it to run on Windows 8.1. Completely unacceptable, do not buy!!"
76561198005545691,Not Recommended,261470,19626300,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,X-the Unknown,Very bad game in many ways. There are too many exploits allowed it's unbelievable the devs couldn't find or see these and fix them before release or at least before the final patch expansion. Galactic Civilization II is still the best 4x out there and I don't think any other will ever beat it not even Oriion II.
76561198037748415,Recommended,261470,22809468,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mytheos,"Best 4x game I have ever played.  If you love a solid and complex game, you owe it to yourself to buy this one."
76561198017988789,Not Recommended,261470,28683261,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zeljko_rendic,We need UI Scaling or implemented resolution change option ...more and more people have 4k monitors...and cant see a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you dont patch this game....even if we change resolution manually ...it wont help...game still refuse to scale fonts and icons to something normal...do something ASAP!!!
,Recommended,261470,16041795,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Draaven,One of the best all time Space 4X strategy games....get it!
,Recommended,261470,28043041,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CoolDoc The Necromancer,"Good That is All...Flaws I need more Time....More TimeMore Time""Sir you been room for 3 whole days""""Ya I know I had my whole 7/11 Kit Been trying to enslave the world and purge all the priates allow the Universe to be filled with darkness onced that is over peace will be filled only in my heart""""sir what about my heart""""all ya stabs heart eats it whole Plays the game forgets this is a review"""
76561197974772140,Not Recommended,261470,10243198,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,waldensmith,"turd, i want my money back , as far as i can tell the the game is completely automated because it's too complex to explain---this is my understanding of the tutorial -- we recommend playing as prewarp civilization , okay , build some construction ships , explore your system , research , when your not prewarp anymore go out and win the game , enjoy!except when i try playing prewarp , i get to press a button for building the only ships it will allow me to select ( construction) , reseach is automated already, the ships go ahead and build and when i try to figure out how to assign them to do something by looking at the maybe 100 buttons , they take off to build a mine on another planet that had already been explored i guess,it's like watching someone else play a video game,i get frustrated that i can't seem to do anything in the game and turn it off.i decide i'm not giving up yet , i start the game and they play the entire intro with full orchestration , like civ 5 before they fixed that in an update, but since this is a mature game i'm guessing the developers are just fine with me having to watch the intro every time.not."
76561198007491852,Not Recommended,261470,12473701,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Coprophagus,"This game is incredibly difficult to start playing.  I love the 4x genre going back to Master of Orion and the Civs but the level of detail in this game is overwhelming.  With such an extreamly steep learning curve, do not purchase unless you are in the mood for ALOT of homework.  Myself, I was just hoping for a relaxing time killer...."
,Recommended,261470,28995960,Posted: 3 January,all,garfu,I micro everything and this game is amazing. Previously favorite space game was MOO2. New favorite space game is DW:U.The people complaining about micro simply do not have the mental capacity to manage everything.
,Not Recommended,261470,29242037,Posted: 14 January,all,King_Handro,"I've been wanting to play this game for a very very long time. I've seen lets plays upon lets play upon more lets play. But I was too afraid to get it because of its intial complexity.However, I finnally built up the courage and bought it! Woohoo! Except it won't run on my laptop.My Nvidia 970m and it can't run because it's too good?? I'm not really even sure. I spent a couple hours reading thread after thread all pointing to the same list of things to do to fix the game.I'm sorry call me lazy but I'm not spending $60 for a game where I need to spend another hour+ trying to set up. I'm a simple person I guess, download game then play game. What's so hard about that? So I got my refund, and I'll continue to follow and wait for it to get optimized I guess. If that's ever going to happen."
76561197968847284,Recommended,261470,22978712,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,Have played it bevore but not the Universe version . Great 4x game. Maybe one of the best ever made !!!!
,Recommended,261470,23547866,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,skunkdude,"I like it, I play it."
76561198035511665,Not Recommended,261470,12891245,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kirith,"Reviews heralded a new era of AI automation. Unfortunately, for me, none of the game systems we appealing. I wound up slowly automating more and more game systems, to try to find a way of playing that I liked. But, for me, DW:U turned into a matter of just watch the years tick by. I tried to win even when avoiding my racial victory conditions, which was an interesting diversion.Ultimately, the experience was like watching an automated set of spreadsheet data click by as the turns continued. I felt no real connection to the events, my empire, my colonies, my characters. Nothing. I love a good tech tree. But none of the tech felt like it mattered.But the biggest disappointment: It's priced as much as a major publisher's MSRP. So I read a review. It was glowing, so I foolishly assumed that ""oh wow, if they're selling it for that price, it's bound to be something special. I guess since 4X is niche, I haven't heard more about it."" Though I don't write reviews, I decided to write this just to warn others.In short, all crunch. No flavor. And EXTREMELY overpriced."
76561198030822947,Not Recommended,261470,21867673,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Nazowa,Shall I say the worst ever user interface I have ever seen in a game ? Yes I will and I have played a lot of games. Not only it is extremely ugly but it is also extremely counter-intuitive and counter-productive. The background itself with the zillion starts makes it impossible to see anything is just the starter.This is one product where the creators got confused about having lots of features and actually being able to use them.I will try to sink in more time into this when I got nothing else to do but with this UI it is like torture.
76561197980238865,Not Recommended,261470,12394532,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Blarghalt,"Not worth sixty bucks. When most of the game requires it to be automated for you to get anything done, in the end you're left wondering why you should even bother playing it."
76561197987301516,Not Recommended,261470,10278491,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,barkogy,"This game is typical ""the less would be more"".  Regarding the price, it is completely a robbery.The amount of star systems might add value if they have.....value. But they are not.Automate things.....reminds me on the nightmare of MOO III. The ship building means, you have no idea why but you are flooded with ships with unambigious design. Automate ship design means you are flooded with ships containing a small amount of evrything you have researched.If you switch off the automate design, does not matter. You have a chaos in your ships.This is just one of the trial in the big series of gathering money from 4x fans saying ""pre-order"" or ""you can be part of the developer team"".If anybody want to buy it from me, please let me know."
,Recommended,261470,15889908,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,a good time and mind consuming game. recommended
,Not Recommended,261470,12567714,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Reify,"Completely unplayable, still, on a 2560x1600 display. No way to scale up fonts to a readable size. DO NOT BUY if you have a large display."
,Not Recommended,261470,28302760,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Captain Trout,"Gameplay could be interesting, but graphics and UI make it nigh unplayable sadly. Maybe if it got a reboot with a better UI and Graphics so you could actually understand what is happening and such. Maybe also make space 3D."
76561198046071396,Not Recommended,261470,23126257,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,quinnpa22,I love space games and 4x games but this game just was not fun to play.  I would not recommend this at all.
,Not Recommended,261470,10391124,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Dalorath,"Not worth $60, Maybe 20-40$ max....Ive proposed a few ideas on your forums, if you8 introduce those and more i will have in the future, then id be happy with what i paid...."
76561197963778820,Not Recommended,261470,23498154,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,gRoUiKgRoUiK,"I was excited by the game, and even more excited by the comments from players, saying that it's somewhat too complex and not very pretty: I thought that it would be a great challenge for an experienced player like myself.Well, it was a mistake. This game is probably very deep and complex, but I also think that it requires 50 hours just to understand the basics, and I'm not sure it's worth it. I've done every tutorials, and started the first easy game mode, and spent the first 2 hours watching the game being automated, and not understanding how to perform even a few very basic tasks like attacking a target or sending a spy. i've asked a refund.To conclude : it's probably a well crafted game, but too complex, even for veterans."
,Not Recommended,261470,29863240,Posted: 11 February,all,Malaiit PerVida,Unable to start this game.   I have researched it and seems a good many are having this problem and it seems that to get it to work the client (me) has to do all this stuff to fix the issue on our end.   Game should work when it is sold no us having to jerry rig our computer to fix problems in their programing.  Unfortunately bought it a while ago and had not tried to play it till today or I would have asked for a refund.
76561198077127487,Not Recommended,261470,10265351,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Beltorion,"Seriously, save your money and frustration for a game worthy of your time. The frustration with learning a massive UI is horrendous enough as it is. The die hards say yes good value but they tend to be a little one eyed and biased. Don't believe me? Browse through the numerous complaints in regards to this game."
76561198080719002,Not Recommended,261470,10255214,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,glenpebble,"THe resolution is ancient, unchangeable 1024 * 768 and still doesn't show the whole screen, probably need to uninstall/reinstall, as I ignored warning during load. I suspect if you can see this review you did some searching. I read the glowing reviews yesterday before purchase couldn't find any negative ones.Steam this is a massive customer service no-no. Typing this as no 'obvious' way via help to complain or seek redress. Oh and the game specifc help doesn't recognise the issue you have to google to find out it's a known material issueNot happy"
,Not Recommended,261470,26644756,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ritsuka,"I cant really speak for gameplay. What I can say though, is this game does not work with windows 10 without editing the game code manually. This game also has no option for adjusting the video beyond framerate and detail, without going in and also manually editing the game code. So if you want to play in windowed or adjust the resolution you can look forward to that, and if you have a custom size screen you may be unable to play this game at all.Both these features could be added and/or fixed by a competent company within a day, screen resolution adjusting has been pretty standard in games since 2002.I generally have a rule if a game is priced like a triple A game, and I have to start jerry rigging it to work, I refund. So I did."
,Not Recommended,261470,10316903,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Piratelord,"Decided to re-review this game after trying out games again with small play time. I think I posted the wrong review originally! Anyway, it's still down as a ""Not Recommended"" but not because the game is bad but just to highlight some issues. This game is not for those who are new to 4X.Starting out, it's overwhelming. There's just so much that can be done, as a result, the GUI's are overloaded and inititally unfriendly. Thankfully they've included AI automation. Your empire can pretty much run itself. I would highly recommend starting out letting the AI manage everything, while you get used to the layout. Unfortunately, due to the font being used, and font size, some bits are difficult to read.The game offers a global currency, and also resources at your various planets and other space features. Lots of different resources, perhaps even too many (Like Gold, Lead, Steel, Helium, Argon, Nitrogen, etc, etc) Everything you build needs both, some are for ships, some are for colonies. You'll always get resource shortages at the start.I do love that every star is it's own system of planets+moon, that do orbit the star, and that you can zoom in directly (and fairly smoothly) from galaxy view to planet view. Plus, you can have other species in your empire as a result of battles and independant colonies. They provide additional benefits, and allow you the oppertunity to own other planet types you wouldn't normally be able to colonize.There are some aspects I think were not needed, or need improving:""Hero's"" - your empire produces various hero's/leaders who develop additional skills. When controlling a galaxy wide empire, you don't really need to care about individual people, or as an example, if one of your ""hero's"" gains the useful skill of being ""Drunk"".Troops - all your troop squads (used for defense and attacking planets) are individual entities, that gain experience. Seems overkill again for a game focusing on galaxy wide empires.Ship Design - I took one look at the GUI and thought, nope. Left that to the AI. It's not a pretty screen.Real Time - So much happens that you have to frequently keep pausing to keep track of things. Kinda defeats the point of a Real Time experience.Fleet Selection - I'm finding this clunky at the moment. Have to zoom to galaxy view to be able to select fleet icon, then zoom back in to control the action within a system.Finally, the price is very excessive. Sure, it's got a lot of fairly good AI within the game, a fairly useful contex sensitive ingame wiki, lots of game modes, etc. But it's a very steep price."
76561197981611570,Not Recommended,261470,10294101,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,rolly_k,"This game is really not worth the money, wait till it is $5 or less.  There is just to many pop-ups happening and the automatic management is pretty foolish by sending mining ships etc to areas of conflict.  It would not be so bad if a lot more work was done on the UI, fonts are actually legible when hovering mouse over buttons, and generally a bit more of an easy overview of what requires what.Promises so much but yet again another game on steam that falls miles and miles short."
76561198025583400,Not Recommended,261470,33183367,Posted: 3 July,all,dfarhi89,"Sounds like a great game, but won't run on my more modern system (Windows 8.1)."
76561198010852015,Not Recommended,261470,13920031,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,gmcgerald,This game is so boring. The micro management i shardly worth while and the game is reduced to pressing pause and play to issue basic orders. Nothing more.
76561198006622834,Not Recommended,261470,30672117,Posted: 22 March,all,bleubleu,"I do like managment games, but this one floods important figures under a mass of useless excel spreadsheets."
76561198021919449,Not Recommended,261470,10256931,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Vir4030,"I did research on this game before I purchased it.  I'm a huge fan of the 4x genre, as well as RTS, and it seemed like a great fit.  The reviews were good, and the in-game video I saw looked great.  So I took the plunge and bought it.I have to say that I was almost immediately turned off.  The tutorial didn't do a very good job of walking me through the interface.  It focused mainly on high-level 4x game information, most of which I already knew.  When I tried to interact with the interface, I became flustered immediately.  I told my planet to build a construction facility, as the tutorial suggested, and had to decide which one myself having no real basis for making such a decision.  I then couldn't even verify that it was building until I dug around enough to realize the game was paused.  Once I unpaused it, though, I still couldn't really verify that it was building until I zoomed in really close and saw some construction dust like effects.  There was no progress bar listing the build queue, or active projects, or anything that would show me progress.  I started to explore around to different planets, and was very uninspired by the whole thing.So I can't really speak to thegame depth, or the features, although they all sounded good to me.  For me, I cannot get past that interface, which really seems to be as bad as I've ever seen.  I found myself getting frustrated really quickly, and I gave up.  I've probably spent more time writing this review than I actually have playing the game.  I'm sorry I couldn't be more complete."
76561198038094525,Not Recommended,261470,23292220,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,pa23kings,"Dont buy, the most boring game ever.  You pretty much watch a computer play itself LOL. you can trun down auto manage funtion of course but then it is to way to much do do by yourself, To many thing going on. only played a little bit but already know a waste of money, the toturial is a joke and one of the most important parts of the game just did not work. atleast I could not figure it out"
76561197993206479,Not Recommended,261470,10247271,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Thantos911,Whoever built the combat interface should be shot. It is impossible to quickly navigate thorugh a group of ships and select them and move them around in a realtime combat 4x this is a must and there are way too many non combat ships filling the screen to spend the time picking and sorting through. You do not see the 60 plus non combat ships in the screenshots and videos i wonder why? As my planet hubs are packed with them coming and going. The interface is poorly done for a realtime game and once you get a few dozen systems under your belt it really becomes a chore to keep up with chasing and sorting combat from noncombat ships you spend half your time fustrated at the interface.
76561197970625568,Not Recommended,261470,23388607,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Codd,I bought and then returned  this game because it handled 4k resolution so poorly.
,Not Recommended,261470,29221599,Posted: 13 January,all,Angelus Mortis,"So this is going to sound strange at first but hear me out.I am not recommending this game. It simply was completely and totally not fun or interesting. I like the idea, it was just poorly executed.So first, there is massive, massive data overload. You can get in and micromanage to the absolute lowest level you can pretty much imagine. The micromanagement is beyond tedious and you can't really see any benefit in game from tweaks because it is such a micro level of management.Second, to alieviate this data overload and micromanagement, you can automate everything. Sounds great right? It did to me too until I realized I wasn't really playing the game, I was watching the game play itself without any direction from me. I thought, ""well, I could turn off this part or that part"" but then, I felt why should I? Because the software will manage it better than I ever will. I have no desire to hop in and micromanage anything. That doesn't feel like a game, it feels like work.Third, the $60 price tag is exhorbantly high for what you get. If this game was a bagain bin $12 game on sale, sure, might be ok for sadists or Obessessive/Complusives who neeed a fix, but for the average person, even the more advanced and serious 4x player such as myself? No thanks!So, to close, the game was simply not fun in any way. Very disappointed.Suggestions for better 4x games:StellarisStardriveStardrive 2MOO2Any of those are infinitely better than this disaster of statistics. My college level algebra is easier than this."
76561197999714702,Not Recommended,261470,28606757,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gustuv Wynd,"Not very good. If you don't automate everything...you are going to be dead from all the micromanagement. Typically I love micro management, but this is nuts. However, if you automate things...you don't get to play. You just sit there clicking an approve button every so often when your advisors suggest an action."
,Not Recommended,261470,10303963,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,[SPG] Capt. Jored Doom,"The typeface they used for the UI in the game is painfully illegible; it's just not worth the eyestrain.I read several reviews touting this as ""the best 4x ever"", but I've honestly never seen anything quite so hideous.Go play Endless Space instead and revel in the glory of a good UI design."
76561198010015011,Not Recommended,261470,23294070,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,stacey_kelley,I tried this game at 60% off and found it subpar to Starbound 2 and Stellaris in every way.  I would recommend those 2 games to this one any day.  Starbound 2 is great if you like old MOO and Stellaris is great if you want a drawn out micromanaged game with constant invaders.
76561197965129430,Not Recommended,261470,14518533,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,BadKarma,"Do not purchase this game.It is third party and requires bloat / malware downloads from another site before you can register to play.Update:After several counter comments saying I didn't know what I was doing, I reinstalled the game.Still doesn't work.The only button on screen after starting up is ""updates!"" and it takes you to new zealand web site.Going to restate:Do not purchase this game."
76561198056997039,Not Recommended,261470,12366825,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,morex18,I paid entirely too much for this boring game.  I regret this purchase tremendously.  Really wish I could get a refund.
76561198054754444,Not Recommended,261470,11355419,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Freedom1978,This game is in no way worth 59 dollars. Save your money for something better or wait till it goes below 20 dollars cause its really not even worth that much. Very dissipointed in this game. Id give this game a 2 out of 5 .
,Not Recommended,261470,28771943,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pagan Nova,"glad i got it on sale. crashes at the slightest provocation..ui is clunky as can be.music is top notch, but that's all."
76561198097669303,Not Recommended,261470,28455360,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TigerM0th,"Unplayable on a Surface Pro 4 due to the developer being too lazy to implement resolution switching within the game. Changing the desktop resolution prior to launching also requires a change to font scaling, which necessitates completely signing out and back in before it takes effect."
76561198025914520,Recommended,261470,30346200,Posted: 5 March,all,Mavi,I hate shakturi.
,Not Recommended,261470,28491444,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mud Dragon,Never got this game to start. I have 200 other games that run just fine.
76561197975456585,Not Recommended,261470,34489709,Posted: 25 August,all,Angrenost,I can't play on windows 10 - fail.
,Not Recommended,261470,16047594,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,OrnateNut,"The game does not load, read all the forum posts about this."
76561197993330943,Not Recommended,261470,30895653,Posted: 2 April,all,Banzai,"I'm a big fan of this genre, having played all the orion titles, stellaris, and a variety of others.  I got this on sale recently at $20 after considering for a while and will say that the game is just too intimidating and ugly (the fonts are almost unreadable).I loaded up the introductory mission after some basic tutorials and just the amount of stuff going on immediately was overwhelming. There's no simple way to get going in this and learn a few things before you dive right in, and in this genre I guess you'll either be fine with that, or not.I was not."
,Not Recommended,261470,26627469,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,club-sandwhich,Doesn't work on windows 10 unfortunatly so requested to refund.
76561197978091849,Not Recommended,261470,12625419,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Synpax,"This would be a great game if hit wasn't such a crash-fest. It constantly runs out of memory, no matter how great your machine is, and kicks you out of the game. It's really too bad the game was not developed by competent programmers who  could take advantage of 64bit architecture and prevent this kind of problem from happening. Damn shame. I would advise against spending $60 on a four year old game that was written using twenty-year old technology.And no matter how much it crashes, the support forum developers will claim the problem is on your end and the people in the forums will tell you ""oh, I run the game the same way on an old crappy machine and NEVER have a problem."" A lot of good that does you."
,Not Recommended,261470,10225768,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Canniballistic,"Space Council Approval SimulatorGraphics are far below average and make indentification near impossible. In gernal the graphics pale in comparrison to other similar games such as StarSector or StarDrive.GUI is clunky, convoluted, ugly, gives little information while showing the same information multiple times and relies heavily on opperating system windows and objects.Mechanically the game runs poorly with menus opening with torn graphics and stuttering when shifting zoom levels.The game is also over complicated without depth and never explained, leaving you to rely on the AI which does a poor job and leaves you with nothing to do except sign off on suggestions.The tutorial only tells you what to do much like the AI suggestions and you are never once explained any of the mechanics the game uses or how to navigate the mess that is the interface.Sound quality is pathetic with obnoxious looping tracks such as stars constantly exploding even after zoomed away from them.Combat is dull and lifeless.Distant Worlds is a pathetic game and no where near worth the asking price. Dont even bother picking this up on sale.If you want a decient 4x space game and dont already own these following games check out StarDrive, StarRuler or Armada 2526."
76561198225161868,Not Recommended,261470,24604916,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,mikeroig88,It's the biggest waste of money that I've ever spent on a game. I bought it because of all the positive reviews it has recieved. Really should have read all the negative ones first because they are right on. I'm so dissapointed that I missed the time window to get a refund. The icon for it is still on my laptop and all I see is a waste of $50.
,Not Recommended,261470,10226245,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,divinepurity,"I love games like this so i took a risk despite the price. It is a $10 game tops. It may have once been worth more, but not with other much much better 4x games that are around now. Do not waste the absurd amount of money listed for this game. The UI is horrid and bloated. I love ship design but this game's version of it is horribly bland, slow and boring."
76561198036874457,Not Recommended,261470,26639943,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,gbigdan,"I bought this game thinking it was indeed going to be the end all be all 4 x game. It was not remotely close to being that type of game. Distant Worlds is to 4 x games about as much as pinball arcade. Nearly everything is automated and you can literally walk away from the game and come back an hour later to discover you have won the game. Auto-colonize, auto-build, auto-fight, etc. etc. What's the point? There is no strategy here in fact I would say that there is not a game here to begin with, but rather an automated simulation with very poor graphics and no enjoyment-value at all... Not sure where the good reviews are coming from, but I can asure you that this ain't no Master of Orion 1 or 2 and it for sure ain't no gal civ 1, 2, or 3. I would recommend space empires or gal civ 3 over this dated misrepresented trash."
,Not Recommended,261470,23277934,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Swampfist,"Abandonware, 2 years old, and priced like a AAA title.Pro: None that i can see.Con: Price, graphics, sound, stuck up hipster comunity."
76561198031657113,Not Recommended,261470,25426863,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,shadocat,"I haven't actually played the game yet, but here are my first impressions:1. On Windows 10 64-bit the game does not install correctly.  It just silently fails to run.  The fix for this isn't even part of the developer's troubleshooting tips.  A user submitted the fix for Windows 8.1 in 2014.  I find it inconceivable that the developers didn't bother fixing this problem two years ago.  To save some searching, run this for the fix:C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\Distant Worlds Universe\_CommonRedist\DirectX\Jun2010\DXSETUP.exe""2. There is no support for large monitors.  I have a 29"" monitor, and I think (but am not sure) DW:U runs in 1024 x 768.  There's no option to change the resolution in the video settings.  In my humble opinion, whatever resolution the developers are using looks ugly on a large monitor.I'm actually so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the developers, that I'm not even going to try the game.  I'm going to get my money back.  I may be missing the ultimate best strategy game ever written, but there are always other games to play."
76561198074439334,Not Recommended,261470,23631524,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny BETS.gg,One of the games that i gave 30 euro for it and after that regreted for that decision.... Better to have burned that money and throw the ash out of the window. That much this game sucks...
76561198034784820,Not Recommended,261470,26087434,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,zawecha1,"Game is good.but the save file along the time bigger and bigger.I rm all races,all ship,all base,all design,all race planets,but the save file still huge----100MBtypes.Why?The huge save file make auto save and load very very slow.And I can not think something would hold that huge disk!这个游戏本来是休闲用的,结果越来越慢,没法休闲了!"
76561198058167864,Not Recommended,261470,10223990,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,nproe2,"Slow, very hard to get into."
,Not Recommended,261470,25706508,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BlackBack,"With all due respect to the time the developers spend on this game ... it is a waste of money, waste of time and colossal disappointment in the history of RTS Games …"
76561198025198203,Not Recommended,261470,30133239,Posted: 23 February,all,Charlemagne,.EDIT: .
76561197984481085,Recommended,261470,10233989,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Wink,"The game thinks my screen is bigger than it is and I can't reach the next buttons at the bottom of the windows.  Maybe it just doesn't work on windows 8.I played some of the earlier games in this series and they were great--but I guess they didn't test this one before it shipped.They fixed it, its fine now and a great game."
76561197963230584,Recommended,261470,10277387,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[ST] Marku,Awesome x4 game!!!
,Recommended,261470,19503579,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Korraspoopalami,"High price tag, but if you want a game that you can simply relax with, then this is perfect. Distant Worlds almost ends up playing itself, as it has a number of features that allow the AI to take control of what's happening. There are tons of settings, you can even have the AI do its thing and then ask you for approval.Although the price for the game is hefty, and the interface lacks a certain... finesse to its design, the game is great, very relaxing and very rewarding."
76561198035963100,Recommended,261470,11323745,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Renothian,"After some time leaving it alone, I came back to this game and followed an internet beginner's guide. I gave it another chance and now find I am becoming very addicted to it. Getting deeper into all the activities you can do is very interesting. I like it a lot."
76561198116387221,Recommended,261470,18838299,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,jjyjose,"Best game ever... First bought it but gave up, made noooo sense. Came back to the game months later and watched a youtube video (more like 15) of gameplay that taught me how to  play, now I have countless hours on the GAME!!! Nothing out  there like it, one of a kind. Matrix games website also has awsome mods to add to the Experiance"
76561198025295913,Recommended,261470,18327375,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,EnVeck,"This is probably the most realistic in depth 4X game that exists. If you don’t mind the computer doing stuff for you (aka you don’t HAVE to micromanage everything) and you like a more realistic representation of the civilian sector in your space 4X, this is the game."
,Recommended,261470,18260932,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mad MarX,"Let me start by saying that this game is MASSIVE! The sheer scope of this game is impressive and something that has rarely been done before. Before the game even begins you have dozens of different options when it comes to creating your galaxy. You can choose the size, number of planets, rival faction spawns, mob spawns, pirate spawns, your government, rival faction governments, etc. You can begin the game as a large and overexpanding empire, a single planet spieces finally looking towards the stars, or a young space fairing civilization that has a few established colonies, the choice is yours. Actually, you can do far more than that if you get creative. This game has some impressive automation. So much that you can choose to automate EVERYTHING and watch the game create it's own story. Better yet, you can set everything to automate with the exception of a small fleet or say a single ship. Then assume command of that fleet/ship and play the game as if you were Captain Kirk of The Enterprise! It's basically a sandbox. Do what you want, how you want, when you want.All that being said I can't recommend this game enough! Once you get past the steep learning curve this game becomes extremely rewarding and will give you THOUSANDS of hours of gameplay. And whenever you get bored you can mod the game up with the dozens of AMAZING overhauls that exist thanks to the modding community. If you don't want to overhaul the game then go with something smaller such as graphics/icon customization packs. Seriously, if you love grand strategy games, space, sandbox games, and losing yourself in a massive and unique universe then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,261470,18222864,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Trebort,"This game is so good! It seems really simplictic at first, but there is a decent learning curve. The other races and pirates are fun and the size of the galaxy is great. It's one of those games that you think you're just going to play for half an hour and end up getting drawn in and then finding out 5 hours have passed. Definitely buy it!"
76561198042999154,Recommended,261470,18165035,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Timetrined,"Excellent in most any category and in the aweing of customization abilities it gives to your game...Takes a few spins or trys each of several hours to see how the game you've chosen or customized will work out for you.Learned other night not to select the sparesly populated option for the other species, as even in a full sector map, your not likely to find them or worse any colonies outside of your own home empire for building.One advantage though was got to become very familiar with the controls and all the galaxy maps since wasn't preoccupied with other species attacking me, etc.Part of the learning process and doesn't diminish a thing as when you start new games you can reset such for better results.Have played several rounds but not to ends and in each you learn a bit more on how you want to set it up, so a good learning experience in that.Great Game!"
,Recommended,261470,14217044,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,cooperftw,"As I write this, I'm 11 hours in and I'm just barely grasping the very basics of gameplay, right now. I enjoy strategy and RTS games, and the closest games I've played to Distant Worlds are probably Sins of a Solar Empire and Endless Space. I read on the Matrix Games forum that the best way to learn was to turn off all the 'automation' (you can have the AI manage all, some or none of your empire) and set it to 'suggest stuff' (AI makes suggestions but lets you decide).This is the way I'm learning and probably why I'm having such a hard time. I've been through all the tutorials and not a lot stuck, seen some videos on YouTube and while helpful to a degree, it's the tip of the iceberg.Anyway, my experience is telling me that it's going to take at least 24 hours of gameplay to begin to play this game without following a tutorial or guide, but that could be just me.I'm going to follow the advice of others and 'stick with it'. I'm recommeding because it's just so vast, a lot has been thought about and I'm only guessing once the light bulb lights up, I'll likely be loving it.EDIT: So, I've stuck with it for perhaps another 6 hours, so far. I've seen almost all of the tutorial videos by Das24680 on YouTube, just by doing that the game makes a lot more sense and the fun factor and enjoyment level is rising, rapidly. I recommend you review the first few of his videos to give yourself the best understanding of whether you'll ultimately enjoy, this game. I guess if you're not afraid of a bit of learning, you really do get to enjoy the carrot at the end of the stick which really is what I'm beginning to experience, now.I can now definitely recommend this game!"
76561197962612616,Recommended,261470,14441679,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Kumarsalib,"This is by far the best 4X game on the market. It has deep and challenging gameplay, including a variety of racial specialties and quality mod community."
76561197992840032,Recommended,261470,14490326,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Banic_MS,"Greatest 4x space game I have ever played, and I've played them all.I'm on the verge of saying this game may even surpass master of orion 2.10/10, would be 11/10 with more up to date graphics, but even still its brilliant."
76561198007460533,Recommended,261470,24198076,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gadshill,The definitive 4x grand strategy space title on the market today.  Those that love managing the critical details of a crazy complicated military-industrial complex will be overjoyed with what this package contains.
,Recommended,261470,23554330,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Grim Madder,"This is a game that makes me cry in despair. How can everybody not see what a truly great game it is? How is this game not easily considered the best space 4X made? Some people complain about the UI. After a short time, it becomes easy to use. Some people complain about how hard the game is to get into. I feel most games with a lot of depth take some effort to learn. Some people complain about the font. I made the font bigger in 2 minutes.The exploration is Distant Worlds, its sense of scale, is brilliant. Honestly, invest some time into learning how to play this game and reap the rewards.I recommend playing with evertyhing on manual to begin with and watching a few episodes of Larry Monte on Youtube. After a few practice runs you will be ready for a full fledged campaign."
76561197961448779,Recommended,261470,13200465,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dipluz,"A really good game, though even it costs a little. The replay factor in this game is very high. and tons of playstyles one can use."
76561198078201885,Recommended,261470,21929950,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,avml45,"One of the first games I bought on Steam, right when it first came out. Honestly, other reviewers have said all that needs to be said about the ups and downs of this game. But I can honestly say after over 500 hours of play time, it really is a solid game to pass the hours by in. Sure, there are some frustrations to it (UI, Memory, Diplomacy gets a little ehhhh,) but it makes up for it in it's huge scale and depth of gameplay. There are probably better 4X games out there, sure, but I feel like this has just the right touch of uniqueness to it to make it stand out to me more than most others."
76561198361485010,Recommended,261470,33321001,Posted: 6 July,all,lnarvi01,"There are a lot of really long review about this game so I'll try to keep it short. Yes, there is a pretty big learning curve and the UI doesn't help matters at all, and end game can get pretty slow if you prefer to micromanage EVERYTHING. There are tons of super useful player-made guides online to help you dive into the game, and the in game encyclopedia is very useful as well. There is also a fairly strong modding community that warrents playing the game more if you're bored with the vanilla version (apparently there is an AI mod out there that fixes a ton of the games AI problems, I've yet to check it out). The graphics are dated of course, but there are mods for those too. Or, if you really want to, you can mod it yourself. After digging through the code for 30 minutes, I felt confident enough to create my first race. If you wanna mess with the engine, however, that takes a bit more work (I want to create naturally spawning Mass Relays from Mass Effect that are linked to a partner across the galaxy and catapult ships instantly from one end to the other, still working on that). My only real con is that I cannot enable Return of the Shakturi story events when starting the game as a pirate faction, because I'd love to have to fight them with my upstart pirate empire."
,Recommended,261470,14929238,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,Without shadow of a doubt one of the best 4X games ever made.
76561198076782950,Recommended,261470,14245914,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,thonaumann,"What a game that is. There is simply no other like it. Forget the competition. Watch lots of Let's Plays (Larry Monte's Extreme Survival videos I can really recommend). Work. Learn. And then feel the universe.Pros:* You can configure that game to your heart's content. Don't like pirates? Make them scarcer or have none of them. Don't like a game with 1.400 star systems and up to 50.000 celestial bodies? Make it smaller. Don't like the micro management? Automate what you don't want to do yourself.* You cannot manage everything. As in reality there are private enterprises working for their own profit, which you can tax. You can make some things more attractive for them, thus induce prosperity for your economy, but ultimately the private sector of the economy in your realm will do what they want. I was doubtful about this feature at first, but it is one of the major strengths of this game. It feels alive.* Diplomacy works. Yes, a game where you get to know what your enemies (including ""friends"") think about you, where diplomacy is important and satisfying and where spying makes sense.* You feel small. And you remain small (if you don't configure it otherwise) for a long time. In other 4x games the time where you struggle to get your second city is the time I enjoy the most. In DW:U that time lasts quite long. And even if you have your first few colonies you have to struggle to keep them, to feed them and to grow them. Very good pacing.* The interface is super-ugly, but after a while you recognize that it also very functional.* The Galactopedia is great. It helps you practically everywhere.Cons:* The interface is very functional, but super-ugly and quite confusing during the first hours.* The whole game is super-ugly.* The learning curve is steep. I watched and read a lot about strategies and I am still learning.* The game lets you make mistakes. It warns you sometimes but sometimes it doesn't. Your action have consequences.The game is quite expensive. I hesitated a long time to buy it. That was a mistake.10/10"
76561198006745395,Recommended,261470,29456967,Posted: 23 January,all,HankMorgan,This is one of the best 4x space games ever. It still has issues that need to be addressed such as with space flight involving fuels under autopilot and the length of wars. Other than that one of my favorite all time space 4x games.
,Recommended,261470,29561961,Posted: 29 January,all,Bel_Riose,"Excelent, if not the better, 4X available in steam."
76561198067137889,Not Recommended,261470,15197711,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kung Fu Taco,"First off, this game more than any other makes me wish Steam would give reviewers an option to rank games on a numerical scale rather than ""yes/no"".This is not a bad game... it's just that the vast majority of gamers will not like this game; but not only will most gamers not like this game, even a large percentage of strategy 4x gamers will not enjoy this game.Are people that say this is the greatest game of all time wrong?  are they nuts?  No they are not.  This is an absolutely amazing game if you are a certain type of gamer; question is though... are you that type of gamer?I would describe this game as ""The World's most complicated Real Time Stratagy Game""; as in many ways this game plays and feels like a RTS with 4x elements tacked on.  Some of the 4x elements feel incomplete like planetary management while others are very well done (custom ship design being a good example).Now that's not to say that there is a lot going on with this game; the galaxy map is very much alive; zoom in on a developed star system and you will see a game which is very much alive in terms of activity.  One thing lacking in many 4x titles are the pressence of interactable civilian units, they are very much a noticable part of the game in Distant Worlds.  The galaxy is full of mining, trading, construction, and other non-military vessals traveling between planets, moons, and other star systems; and those civilain vessals?  They can be targeted and destroyed by enemy nations and pirates.The map as a whole, it's very much alive, moons orbit plantets, planets orbit suns; and best of all it's all interactable; planets and moons can have colonies and outposts built on them, asteroids are mineable, even gas giants and nebulas make for vital fuel resources.Which brings me to the fuel system, which really symbolizes what people love and hate about this game; it's complex and no other game handles ship range and fuel quite like it.  In Master of Orion 2 range and fuel was super simple; your tech level and ship design decided how far your ships could travel away from your colonies and outposts, that was it, simple.DW:U decided to go with each individual ship having their own fuel storage, so basically each ship warps around the galaxy, using up fuel with each FTL jump, they run low on fuel, and then they have to head back to a starbase or fuel extractor to refuel; oh! and it gets even more realistic!  Each starbase and fuel outpost can only carry so much fuel, now THAT is realistic.BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE!  There are actually mutiple types of fuel based on what type of reactors your ships use, making finding the right type of fuel in the galaxy vitaly important.BUT WAIT THERE'S EVEN MORE!!!  There's a type of ship you can construct that acts as a mobile fuel depot; it's an ingenius unit that is vital to fleet operations behind enemy lines.Sound great right?  Well at this point now you find out what kind of gamer you are.At first no matter who you are the fuel system is pretty cool when your little scout ships are out exploring the glaxy, when your being attacked by small pirate fleets, and when you send small fleets to counter said pirate fleets.And then war happens.The Shakturi are invading the galaxy, the galaxy needs you as it's savior, you need to assemble a super fleet and destory and stop the Shakturi from conquering the universe!  AHH YEAH!  Wartime baby!  Super Fleets!  Big Awesome Space Battles!  Everyone loves Big Awesome Space Battles!So you build a super fleet, and you order the majority of your warships to assemble at one of your systems at the edge of your empire and create an armada that will win the war.  They're all there, except that some of them are now low on fuel, no problem you order them to refuel in the system, but now the starbase is out of fuel, so now you have to disassemble your fleet and micromanage each ship and find fuel for them in nearby star systems; if you don't want to deal with the logistics of keeping your fleet fueled you hit an automate button... but now the automation completely disassembled your armada and it turns out that you are going to have to deal with the minutiae of keeping your fleet fueled... and then you think, ""you know what would be awesome?  if you could just hit a little button and have all the ships in the fleet share fuel with each other.""TIME SPENT ON TASKS DURING A LARGE GALACTIC WAR:Attacking and defending outposts with small fleets: 49%Micromanaging the logistics of keeping your fleets fueled: 50%Big Awesome Space Battles!!! : 1%SOME people actually like this.MOST do not.Oh and remember the ship I mentioned that works as a mobile fuel depot?  It's really awesome when you find out it's bugged due to a corrupted save.I could write a novel on every litle thing this game does right and wrong so I'll just quickly mention a few other things cause I've already spend way to much time writing this review.The Good:As I said before, the galaxy map is a very detailed and rich environment; it has a truly ""Epic"" feel to it.Lots of customization, ship customization, map customization, heck even game mechanics are customizable.An amazing modding community that really picked up the ball in areas where the devopers came up short.The diplomacy system in this game could be worse.Good music and effects, overall good audio.Many of the empire mechanics can be automated.The Bad:If you think that a game as customizable as this would have a race creator, you would be wrong.The diplomacy system in this game could be much better.Have I mentioned it's rather buggy?Dated graphics.While automation in certain areas works well, in others it's terrible, and sometimes you have to either choose to have something completely automated or not at all (your miltary fleet is the ultimate example of this).The Ugly:The User Interface.The main reason I can't recommend this game is because not everyone who likes 4x strategy games will like this one; sure there are people who consider this the greatest 4x of all time; but those same people aren't bothered by chronic micromanagment.7/10"
76561197983095848,Recommended,261470,28736922,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,warzer,This is one of the very best 4x game in existance.  It does have its issues especially with preformance towards end game but it is emmensly complex and automatable.  It also has a ton of mods to change up game play.  This game would be even better if it had a x64bit version to support that many thousands of ships flying around the galaxy.Sidenote:  It is difficult to figure out at first but is greatly satisfying after you grasp some of the basics.
