user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198076586372,Not Recommended,261530,12721751,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,A Cloudy Sheep,"I wish I could recommend this game, since it does have a certain beauty. But in the end too many negative bits sucked the fun out of it for me. It just felt tedious towards the end. Here is what is good and bad.The good:Beautiful Landscapes:You basically “run” (more on that later) through a series of truly well-drawn landscapes. The graphic textures are not always the greatest, but overall you get some stunning visuals. Especially the vertical elements can be quite remarkable.Atmospheric Sound/Music:Minimalistic, but appropriately used. Simply good.The not-so good:So… much… walking… :Unfortunately your movement speed is not very high. Which means that you transverse above mentioned landscapes step by step by step for what simply feels way too long. It certainly contributes to the atmosphere of solitude/lifelessness (because very little is happening while you walk). Just, that is not a very neat atmosphere to build up. The whole thing is compounded by the fact that:Thestory does not move forward:Most of the time you are running somewhere you are doing so without much motivation, but simply because you are following the only viable way through this world. Not everything has to be open world, but at least give me a reason why I should now be traversing the lava level. God, I felt with my character when he character said “I demand answers! Now!” some hours in. Neither of us would get any for many more hours.Unmotivated Discontinuity:Sometimes a new level begins without any discernible transitions from the last. Example: Last minute it was daylight and you were standing on a cliff. Next second you are in a canyon and its night. Eh, what?Puzzles are way too easy:Most of the game you are following a giant “follow me” trail of glowing green, the only challenge being to keep your motivation for these long minutes. Puzzles are sparse (which in itself is a bit of a problem for a puzzle platformer), and never pose the slightest challenge. Like one-moveable-object-besides-one-landmark-easy: move object to landmark, done. When you get stuck, this it is very likely because you overlooked a required booster pack that is hidden a few hundred meters back. And who explores slightly off track at this walking speed?Abilities are arbitrarily removed:At some points you get a cool booster pack. Not only does it allow you to solve some platform puzzles, it also allows you to move quicker (yay!). Now you can spend an hour flying around with this thing in one level without a problem. But as soon as you cross a line the game declares it has run out of fuel (regardless of how long you have been using it). This is feels completely arbitrary. Similarly, sometimes the plot will decide you need more oxygen, regardless of when you refilled last or what you have been doing in the meantime.Overall, a tedious experience with some visisal perks. Did not go into the story becuase it might be subjective, but personally I am not blown away."
,Recommended,261530,9361679,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,°infinitus° ∞,">> can somebody tell me why I can't make paragraphs(?) for every point (pro/con)<<EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:___________________________________________________________________________________Wow! The atmosphere in this game is simply amazing. I have to say this is one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played.You feel pretty helpless all by yourself on this vast abandoned planet as you slowly uncover the story of this planet and it's inhabitants.The music and voice acting is really good, nothing to complain here!There are still some things annoying me. For example:I've got some FPS-drops sometimes and i run a GTX 680 and a i5 3570k + 12gb RAM... But the FPS drops won't make it unplayable but still it's a little bit annoying.All in all this game is worth it's money (12.99€ for me [that was early access now it's 19.99€).I don't know how long it will take until you'll finish the game but for now it looks like you will spend a couple of hours with the game :)(Now I know :D it took me around 5 hours I think)___________________________________________________________________________________EDIT AFTER FINISHING THE WHOLE GAME:___________________________________________________________________________________After finishing the game my opinion about this game did not change :)I will add some pro's and con's about this game:PRO:- breathtaking atmosphere (in my opinion)- really interesting story which makes you wanna play more and more :)(finished the game in one day because i couldn't stop playing)- easy controls (it's a simple jump n' run)- pretty graphics (not the best but they're okay)- many different terrains/locations (desert/ice/vulcanic/etc...)- AWESOME music, this is a huge plus- good voice acting- huge areas which have a beautiful viewCON:- the gameplay itself can be a little bit boring, the puzzles aren't that hard and the rest issimple jump n' run gameplay- it's rather short (finished it in one day in ~5h)- the graphics are okay but some textures are really ""wishy-washy"" :)- a few times i did not know what i need to do, so i needed to check out some youtube videos(but that could also be my own stupidity)- not very good optimized i had some fps drops while playing (~15FPS) even though i havepretty good specsBut still I can recommend this game A LOT. Especially because of the awesome music, the great atmosphere and the really thrilling story which won't let you stop playing the game :)"
,Recommended,261530,20385967,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Meatbug,"Lifeless Planet is a nice, little puzzle-exploration game.An astronaut crew crash-lands on a distant planet, you awake alone and try to find your crew and quickly start realizing, that this planet isn't what you thought it would be.Promised to contain life or at least good living conditions, you find yourself in a desert-like wasteland and soon discover, that you weren't the first to be on this planet.The game is mostly about exploring the different locations, some platform jumping, solving some rather easy puzzles and collect log-entries, which will unveil the story to you.The mysterious atmosphere of the planet is pretty well done and the story itself is presented in a way, which kept me interested and wanting to know what was going on.Be aware that the game itself is rather slow and pretty linear, although the areas are sometimes quite big (but mostly empty).The last third of the game feels a bit stretched and although you had some highlights, it could have been a bit shorter at the end, which would also be another point to watch out for: the game itself is rather short.If you like slower paced exploration games, mysterious sci-fi/fantasy stories then this might be a nice little game for you.Personally i would wait for a sale to buy."
76561197993703531,Not Recommended,261530,10388388,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Cooper,"I hate to give a poor review for a game as I'm sure many people put a lot of time and energy into making it, but I'm just not sure that's it's worth $20. The story is pretty interesting, and really this should've maybe been a book instead of a game, because the gameplay just doesn't hold my interest.It's a lot of really slow running through environments solving extremely basic puzzles like ""put the X in the X"" and jumping from platform to platform.The music is nice, but I didn't find it to be deeply immersive like many reviewers seem to. The player character responds to the controls in a very jerky way and interesting moments are always going into cutscenes and doing other jarring things that really take you out of the experience.If you're super bored or super high this might still be a worthwhile play for you, but if you're like me you'll find yourself just running through a lot of ""this path only"" monotony hoping to find another shred of plot ."
,Recommended,261530,9363920,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,I.Wilt,"What an  interesting game tbh. My quick 10 minuite game turned into nearly Two hours,I could not tear myself off the keyboard or walk away to even make the coffee.no spoilers here , great music and voices. No sign of a bug yet played on the pc."
76561197962301472,Not Recommended,261530,23654380,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[WB] MR PANTS,"This is one of those games where I wish there was a 'Maybe' button for do you recommend.  I'd have to err on the side of 'no' on this one, though.The premise is cool and the story is interesting, which are pretty key points in a game like this.  However, to make a game interesting, it has to be more tha a series of bright spots on the screen that you walk to in order to advance the story.  That's where things start to fall down.I'm the kind of guy, that presented with an open environment, will try to seek out the nooks and crannies.  I quickly found that with this game, there was no real reward for doing so ... Exploring just seemed really unsatisfying and it turned into me marching from journal entry to journal entry, largely ignoring everyhing else.  There's a lot of big, open expanses of nothing.The structures (houses, buildings, etc.) are weird lifeless props.  I would have liked to have gotten to see a little bit more, gotten a feel of an abandoned place.  Instead, it felt like a low budget movie set.  The main character's early reaction that this is all fake rings way more true than anything else.Some people say this game is beautiful, some say its beautiful in places and ugly in others.  I'd say its pretty bland all the way through.  The color palette changes, that's about it.I will say I actually liked that the puzzles were relatively simple ... I didn't really get stuck on anything, which I liked.  What I didn't like is the jumping mechanic.  There's one part in particular where I failed so many times I was starting to question if it was the right path ... it was the right path, just a pain in the butt jump.Despite all this, I plan on finishing the game.  I think I'm near the end as it is ... interesting story, and I want to see how it ends.  And that's worth a lot.  So, consider that when you're considering the game ... want a neat sci fi story?  Well, maybe it's worth giving this one a try."
76561198012503601,Not Recommended,261530,10393559,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,DarkEvilSaint,"Lifeless Planet - lifeless gameplayOh dear,should I have looked more closely at the game before buying it? Seriously, the game did not make the impression to be a platformer. How could the players of the early access version be satisfied with what they got? Even as a platformer, this game is underwhelming and I payed 20 euro for this. Aaargh. I thought I would get my personal game of the year but I got my personal embarassment of the year.This game seemed to have so much potential, but when I arrived at the soviet village at the beginning it started to dawn on me that something went wrong. The village was deserted, ok. But there was nothing else to do than finding one of my crewmen and searching for oxygen (last of which occured now and then later on). And of course the ""puzzle"" here consisted of jumping around to find parts of a code... really, how boring with 10 'o's.In general, all puzzles are not challenging as well as most of the jumping parts. There is a barrier on my way? Oh, how nice that someone forgot some dynamite some meters away... that's one example how dull the puzzles are and they did not become more complex which I hoped.The story and the atmosphere are both good. But even story and atmosphere are destroyed many times. Again, in the soviet village, there was nothing really to explore. Sometimes there are personal logs or that of the villagers, but they don't transport the story really well. There are some occurences that give the hero a deeper character (remembering his wife's disappearence on earth). Still, it's not enough. The hero's character keeps to be very shallow. If the gameplay is so dull and linear at least the atmosphere should suck me in. But f.e. I could not enter any of the soviet village's houses to find out the personal tragedies of the persons that lived there.Imagine what could have been done:- photos and other personal belongings of the former inhabitants- f.e. finding the soviet book at the beginning of the village, reading in it, finding hints about how to activate a scientific machine to examine probes of the plant life- the game is not so linear, the world gives more space for exploration with the danger to get lost in the desert. By carefully examining an reading logs of the people you find out how to locate the next colony or the power plant structures...So many possibilities. I hoped this game would at least partially follow the spirit of Arthur C. Clarkes ""Rama"" novels or those of the Strugatzki brothers. But no... insteadthis...dumb...platformer"
76561198074309045,Not Recommended,261530,18205715,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,lucyrocketdog,"This game is a lot of fun at first, but then it becomes tedious.  It's mostly a platformer, with a couple puzzles, and a lot of walking as you explore.  It's pretty linear--you cannot get off the track too far.  What made me quit playing is the awful ""save"" function.  The game does not actually save when you want it to.  If you are in the middle of a level and fall to your death, you spawn petty close to where you fell, and this is great!  But if you save and quit before finishing the level, you have to start the level over again from the start of the level (not where you ""saved"").  You cannot leave the game until you finish the level you are on, or you have to replay 10 or 20 minutes of the game as you restart the level  (I'm slow, I guess).  There was one level I found a bit tough, and I became discouraged because I could not leave the game until I succeeded with this level.  I  got to the LAST jump, failed over and over and set the game aside.  But next time, I start the level over from the beginning.  After I did this five or six times, I put the game aside and never finished it.  If you like platformers, this game may be for you...Edit:  I gave this game a ""thumbs down"", do not recommend.  But I think I should MAYBE give it half a ""thumbs up"" because if you buy it cheap, and have a high frustration level, you may like it.  The story was interesting, but I never got to the end."
,Recommended,261530,16812678,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Gamechanger,"It's cute, not worth more than 5 dollars though.There are moments where movement and level design become a problem.Story is meh, could've been better. Seems rushed near the end.Could've used more story, content, survivors.If this were an FPS/RPG it would be a good scifi/horror theme,definately a good blueprint for one anyways.Jumping from rock to rock and walking for hoursgets real annoying after a while. The only thing that willkeep you playing is the story, which could've used a lot morecontent seeing as it's text base mostly when you find logs.Also, some ideas were thrown in this game, exploited a bit,and abandonned. Waste of game assets if it doesn't culminate to anything."
,Not Recommended,261530,32779995,Posted: 25 June,all,-=GOz=-Adinan [Brasil],"Lifeless walking simulator. There is nothing to do in this game except walk and jump.I wish it had more naration, more story. The cautionary tale about nature is really boring.There is no character development at all and consequently the fate of the woman has no impact.I was expecting to feel a sense of otherworldliness (that is why I bought the game) but everything is just boring.The animations are wanting too."
76561198192623154,Not Recommended,261530,15461936,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,76561198192623154,"This is not an ""Open World"" game as it might seem in the video, it's a linear platformer. All you have to do is follow the guidelines ""green puke"" and solve a ""very"" few puzzles. villain and minions are non existant. The idea is great, but the gameplay killed it.If you find the 6 hours I spent worth the $10 for you, then go for it. I personally played it because I was bored."
,Recommended,261530,17133913,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,quiet0ne,"Immersive game with haunting music and decent story. It's definitely not super challenging at any point, except for sometimes wiggy jump/camera snafus. Think of it more as a psychological sci-fi short story with nice spacescapes."
,Not Recommended,261530,12596383,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Bastwood,"It's hard to pin down the genre of Lifeless Planet. It's part walking simulator, part platformer, part puzzle game, with an overarching strong story focus. You're an astronaut sent on a mission to explore a lush planet but end up on a deserted wasteland. Questions like ""What happened to the planet?"" soon meld into questions like ""Did something happen to me?"" when all kinds of weirdness starts popping up.Elaborating further would steer the review into spoiler territory, so I won't go there. But unfortunately I have to report that while I make the game sound very mysterious (and it certainly is that, up to a point), the final answers provided do not end up being nearly as satisfying as I would've initially hoped they'd be. There is some neat psychological ambiguity lightly sprinked around, but most of the story is rather standard sci-fi fare.While you wait for the game to reveal its next story nugget, you'll traverse through some pretty arid environments and do a lot of jumping. And I do really mean a LOT of jumping. Most of the actual gameplay in Endless Planet consists of jumping and platforming, and it ends up being more of a nuisance than interesting or rewarding in any way. I feel like majority of the bouncing around could be replaced with just bog-standard walking sections, and the game would work a lot better. A few simple puzzles also felt a bit hastily thrown together.Lifeless Planet is heavily banking on the player finding its story worthwhile, but at least for me, it just didn't hit home at all. The most interesting facets of the story are hardly explored at all, and the least interesting ones are shoved into the limelight and paraded around. I just can't root for this one."
76561198094401432,Recommended,261530,23833736,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dodece,"First off I would like to say the thumbs up is very much conditional upon the asking price. The appropriate price needs to be in the five to six dollar range, and this is very much a run and done affair. There is not much in the way of replay on offer in this particular title. You will probably finish it in four to five hours, and after that you will probably never touch the title ever again. Those four or five hours however are pretty decent gaming hours.The developer has gone to some lengths to keep the experience fresh throughout, and while the game is not gorgeous by any stetch of the imagination. It certainly has its moments. The same holds true of the sountrack and sound effects. The controls are somewhat floaty, but I am sure that is by design, and the interface is actually pretty bad, but like I said this is a four to five hour long game. So compound that with no inventory management, and what you get is something you cannot possibly get frustrated with. The game is over before you even get a chance to get frustrated.That said this game falls terribly short in one respect. The story is just good enough to get you intrigued, but after just a couple hours of playing. You will see the intrigue has degenerated into pure drivel. No character development, almost no plot to speak of, and the storytelling itself is atrocious. Everything is disjointed from beginning to end. Which can be an asset at the beginning of a story, but becomes a serious liability if it is allowed to persist. The games story will leave you feeling ambivalent or terribly unsatisfied.This is merely a good enough game. It is more good then bad. Its greatest asset is its novelty. Its greatest liability is that it is underdone. It will however hold together for the four to five hours you will play. That said it could have been so much more. There is the seed of a great game here. Had the developer been given the resources and the time. This could have been a great game rather then an okay game.Buy it as an okay game at the right price, and you will most likely not be disappointed."
,Recommended,261530,27158737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Catta,"Despite of its rather mediocre graphics, Lifeless Planet is an atmospheric and immersive game that has an intriguing, touching story backed up with some excellent soundtracks.It’s one of those games that grabs you right from the beginning and doesn’t let go till the end.On the technical side, Lifeless Planet is bug, glitch free, and it runs pretty smoothly even at 4K resolution which makes the visuals look much better.I can recommend this game to those who appreciate unique sci-fi stories and enjoy exploring extraterrestrial worlds."
,Not Recommended,261530,10390900,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,tonnic,"Honestly, this has a lot of praise, but honestly it is quite boring... the ""puzzles"" are so easy and you are just running around.... the game doesn't have bugs because honestly, you are following a predefined path and a storyline.... definitely not worth the $20....maybe if it goes on sale for $3-4 then it would be worth it.When you start the game, there is no storyline built up, or any sort of intrigue... it isn't hard to find out what you are supposed to do, as again it is a predefined path that you run along and a storyline.... pretty boring"
76561198163103806,Not Recommended,261530,17245813,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rod,"I kind of feel bad giving Lifeless Planet a negative review since I really wanted to like this game. I did like the original concept, the atmosphere background design of scenery was incredible and the storyline was mildly interesting. However, I can’t find the redeeming qualities to give the game a positive review for the price tag of $20. Game gets very repetitive, the puzzles are ridiculous and just plain simple. After a couple hours of jumping from one rock to another I started getting bored and losing interest.   Most frustrating was the pause screen with the New Game option I accidently hit once or twice, having to start levels from the beginning.Overall, buy the game if it’s on sale, you might get a couple hours of fun out of it."
76561198109916302,Not Recommended,261530,26591764,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,foritxxar,"I didn't regret the purchase as much as I regretted the time I lost to this game.It's not that it's awful. It's not. It just mediocre in the extreme.The platforming is bad. You handle like a vehicle, not a man in a spacesuit. Jumping feels ridicuously rigid for a platformer, as you have no control over where you land once in the air. You move SO SLOW and have to walk SO MUCH. There's no real challenge beyond holding down 'w' and pressing 'space' at the right time.The visuals look worse than most indie games. Environments are bland (with a few exceptions). Character models are ROUGH in the extreme, with matching animations.The story was the most disappointing aspect for me. I can handle all of the above, but in return I was expecting a well-told, complex, engaging story. What I got was awkward cutscenes, silly almost-scifi, and a few good atmospheric hints at a greater narrative (that we're never really told). By the time I realized the game would never reach its potential, I was two hours in. I figured it was almost over and I might as well beat it. It lasted two more gruelling hours. Every time I would approach a goal I begged the game to be over, but no, it had more poor scripting to forcefeed me. The reviews praising the story and atmosphere are shocking, and I have no idea what those reviewers were playing, but it wasn't this.If you must get it, don't pay more than $5. Less is better."
,Not Recommended,261530,10367098,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Puzzle,"Slow Pacing, uninspired platforming and a serious lack of any kind of challenge.I watched a let’s play of the early access version of this game (kurtjmac) and decided to jump right in to the full version as I love sci fi mystery games.  I wish I had just waited and watched the full let’s play to satisfy my curiosity. The trailer is a fantastic teaser for a game that drops dead as soon as first early access chapter is finished.This game is DULL. It peaks early with the abandoned town and then it slowly drains all the wonder and drive out of the story with predictable platforming, boring action and empty character interactions. Oxygen is a joke, you are told that you have 8 hours oxygen upon filling up at a tank but I’m certain that you could leave the game running for days and it would not run out. But it just so happens that It immediately *runs out* as soon as you are within sight of a refuel point. This along with the temporary jetpack fuel powerups, that also immediately run out once you have completed the soul sucking large jumping sections only add to the predictability of this game. The puzzle sections are just as coincidental too. Need a way to climb up on that ledge? Don’t worry I’m sure there is a perfectly rounded rock nearby that will be happy to help.After 2 hours I didn’t care about finding out what fantastic twist awaited me at the end as from what I could make out it was just going to be a disappointing as the journey.This game will suck a lot of people in with a great trailer and an even better early access teaser, I recommend you give it a miss and satisfy your curiosity by just watching a let’s play instead.Edit* I've just realized how ironic the name of this game truly isEdit* Ha had a total brainfart with the use of ironic above"
,Recommended,261530,11697980,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"Lifeless Planet is a beautifully atomspheric adventure game, throwing you in the space suit of an astronaut who, after a long journey through space, reaches a mysterious planet in search of life & potentially a new home for humanity. On arrival, you discover you are alone, isolated on a planet seemingly devoid of life, yet strangely there is a Soviet town abandoned long ago. How can this be & what has happened here? As the story unfolds, & you explore more of this intriguing alien world, you soon realise there is a much more going on than meets the eye. The planet is not as lifeless as it seems...The sense of exploration, uniqueness in the alien world along with the snippets of story that you unlock through your progression was most enjoyable & kept me wanting to progress to reveal more.Sound effects & musical score were also strong, & graphically there is also a cool film grain effect & blurring of the edges of the screen that add greatly to the experience. Would have been epic in first-person view to really enhance the claustrophobic feel of being stuck in the space suit on an alien world.For those who love their Sci-fi movies, you will also come across many scenes throughout that feel somewhat familar (in a good way), yet meld together well. Futuristic yet retro, reminding you of old classic 50-60s B-Grade Sci-Fi, cold war era themes & some modern storytelling elements.When looking past these positives there are some parts of the game that I found lacking from making this a really excellent game. The controls for one, although basic & suitable for the layback style of gameplay are awkward. It is easy to mis-jump, your jetpack is limited in function (essentially only providing a double-jump type mechanic to traverse larger areas) & the puzzle elements feel somewhat clunky & difficult to complete. Even though the puzzles themselves are rather simple. It also didn't help things when you respawn (this will happen a lot!) facing the wrong direction all the time is very disorienting.Dark, creepy sections that occur in several stages are way too dark, with only a tickbox option to lighten the scene in menus. You have a flashlight, but does little which is most frustrating at times. It really needs a gamma or brightness slider.There are also the 'emersion breaking' elements, such as there always being an oxygen tank just when you need it, or dynamite just near where you need to blow your way through a blocked path or a nice round rock (unlike anything else in the surrounding enviroment) just at the right spot to jump to a higher platform. It seemed to lack some creativity in level design in this regards when elements like this are introduced essentially just for the sake of it.Most cut-scenes are limited being less than 30secs with most of the story elements experienced through translated logs found. This felt like a bit of a missed opportunity to really expand on the adventure; still good overall (& I am being picky to a degree) but could have been exceptional if the story continued as strongly as it began!Some later sections of the game feel padded out, with no real content or interesting things to see, just more running & jumping. Other parts are really awe-inspiring so it quite a mix. Some of the final levels just seem to go on & on without any purpose other than to lengthen the game. The experience would have more impact if the overall length was reduced by maybe 30% or so in my view. While shortening some areas, some larger cut-scenes & more back story to your character (only touched on for most of the game) would have been great!Although not quite as good as my expectations coming into Lifeless Planet, I still thoroughly enjoyed the story, the implications of the story (not to give anything away) & the final reveal. It was an interesting conclusion. Overall a fun & occasionally disturbing experience!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
76561198177255291,Recommended,261530,28193419,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,tobimaro,"First of all, the bad sides: the graphics are not that good, the control mechanics are sometimes frustratring (it's closer to driving than walking, sometimes) and some parts of the story are not so well connected (developers? that would be a nice thing to improve, no more ""i finish this stage, black screen and then I'm in a place that looks different from the one a second before).Why am I giving a positive review, then? Because the game is good! The story is fascinating and uncovered step by step. The conclusion may be a little ""simple"", but as it's mixed with the thoughts and the feelings of the protagonist, you won't notice it that much.It's more than four hours of discoveries and adventure, with a good background music that helps you keep playing and playing and getting a little anxious in some key moments and so on.It's a good game.If you're scared by the (few) negative reviews, just wait for a sale, but if you like adventure games, you really should consider picking this one."
,Not Recommended,261530,10376229,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,revsta,"The game looked very interesting at first. However, the biggest issue is that the puzzles are very easy. The content was just ehh due to the fact that it is all spoon fed to you. Honestly, the game isn't worth 20$.** Spoiler:When you get to the end of the game its just a city and the game ends. You literally go through only 6-10 different stages and its mostly just running. Nothing more.The game would be worth it if it was a 10$ game, but 20$ is just bleh. Mainly due to the fact that once you beat the game, there is no purpose to it anymore."
76561198054472449,Recommended,261530,33060484,Posted: 30 June,all,medianima,"OK, let's start from the beginning.If you think this game is full with action, just forget it.If you think this game is full with puzzle, just forget it.If you think this game is goin to use fully your incredible last 1000$ grphic card, just forget it.What about Lifeless Planet? I was always getting the feeling to close the game and deinstall the game, but I still want to see what is going to happen, what is on the next side, what about the planet and the most obvious reason ""why"" is all happening.The graphic itself gave me a mixture feeling, but it reproduce exactly the scope, shows a ""Lifeless Planet"". Nothing is moving,I had always the feeling something is going to happen, but nothing. Anyway I just want to continue, finish the game, see what the hell is going.The game creates some anxiety, but just the right amount.It's very difficult to write a review of this game without ""spoliering"".Would i suggest you to buy this game, yes you have to try this."
76561198050863295,Recommended,261530,9361928,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,GG BL44ST,YES! Great story and very fun to play. Puzzles get your mind thinking. Can't wait to play more. No bugs on my first play through. Support it!
,Not Recommended,261530,23092819,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ashenrowan,"Let's be clear here: I didn't dislike this game, but I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone, either. The love and care of a single man is shown in beautiful atmospheric music and, occasionally, the environments. However, this isn't enough to carry the whole game.PROS:- As I mentioned, GREAT music and occasionally magnificent environments- Draws you in- Interesting story- Enemies are awesomeCONS:- The jump and the fact that the game is built around it- Put the rock in the hole puzzles- Very noticeable changes in quality- Poor pacingLifeless Planet's first hour drew me in; I wanted to find out more about the mystery. I was genuinely curious. But as the game continued, bits of story were more and more sparse and rapidly decreasing in cohesiveness. By the end, I found the story component of the game intriguing but not quite satisfying.My first impression of the graphics were that they were pretty mediocre; in fact, I even thought the game looked pretty ugly in one of the first few environments, approximately an hour in. Then, suddenly, the next level was gorgeous, colour-rich, and stunning to look at. Unfortunately, the game kept going back and forth between beautiful and meh scenery. While the music really helped me enjoy the game, the change in quality sometimes broke the immersion.But man, were the enemies cool. I loved them. I won't give anything away, but if you're into interesting enemy design, you'd probably like this game.My least favourite part of this game was the jump (as well as the mechanical arm, but that part felt rushed and rather dumb). The jump was SO annoying that I became increasingly frustated with the mechanics of crossing a simple path. Some environments paired with the jump simply did not work, and it was infuriating just how simple the platforming I was screwing up was.Even the extended jet-pack time mechanic, by far the most fun thing in the game, kept being taken away at convenient times after I'd stopped needing it; same with the threat of running out of air. It doesn't seem real, but like it's an in-game scenario. The puzzles were occasionally interesting, but were basically never challenging, which saddened me. Some moments in this game were really cool, but it feels like a mixed bag.In the end, I liked this game somewhat. The story definitely had some interesting parts, and I was invested enough to want to battle the jump out to the end. I'm not completely satisfied, but I am hopeful for what the creator could make with more money and resources."
,Not Recommended,261530,29358020,Posted: 19 January,all,abdullah.alawadhi,"If you'd like an interesting sci-fi mystery, I don't recommend this game because there is a lot of running and jumping.If you're interested in a platformer, I don't recommend this game because the running and jumping are bad.Don't let the screenshots fool you, they are pretty much everything you'll see in the game, the rest is just runnig for a long time."
,Not Recommended,261530,28239267,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,RoninOtter,"Lifeless Planet isn't what I'd call a ""bad"" game, but it's just one that's solidly mediocre.  I suppose that's why I don't recommend it.  The pacing is poor, the graphics look extremely dated with repeated textures, repetitive terrain, and very poor human models and animations.  The story isn't particularly engaging and ended up predictable, with some early-on mysteries which quickly were answered in a sadly rather un-interesting way.Be prepared to hold down your walk button continuously with awkward jumping intermixed for about 5 hours without much of a payoff.  Again, it's not a terrible game, but your time will be much better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,261530,28798901,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"In this game you control an astronaut who appear to have been lost. You think it must be the case of a landing mission going awry but soon you discover the planet you have found is not only full of barren wastelands but human-made buildings pop-up here and there. While the story is simple it is delivered well and introducing man-made structures only adds to the mystery you need to uncover.The good:graphics & music- rather simple with some ugly textures here and there but I always appreciate when the creators utilise everything they have at their disposal and manage to create diverse environments. The lava-filled valley, the area called ""hot springs"" with its deadly geysers and the alien structures with their green beams all look stunning. The accompanying music has a minimalist, ambient-like approach that fits the atmosphere perfectly.The bad:puzzle solving & difficulty- this is mainly a platformer which means you'll jump a lot. Later sequences introduce more difficult areas where you have to carefully time your jumps. Once your jetpack fuel is extended you can jump at greater distances. However, the game removes this function occasionally to make certain areas more difficult. This feels like an easy way to make the game more challenging as the puzzles are simply way too easy to solve. Perhaps this new ability should have been introduced at a later stage in the story.Also, you walk a lot. And sometimes this is what makes you stop and unable to proceed. You just don't know what you need to activate or where that item you need to pick up is. Then you go searching and walk almost endlessly. Yes, you can look at the gorgeous scenery but it gets boring after a while. The game takes several hours to complete but a great part of it consists of walking and while running is set default it is not very fast.The conclusion:I do not often play platformers so Lifeless Planet was a refreshing experience for me. It has its mediocrity and some people surely expect more so you may be disappointed in it especially if you're fond of the genre. If, however, you like sci-fi games with a mysterious story and great atmospheric music Lifeless Planet is a great addition to your library."
76561198072900933,Recommended,261530,9806911,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Conni,"Last week i got my wisdom teeth removed and wasnt able to go to school for 1,5weeks. So I buyed a bunch of early access games, because I had a really boring time. From all the games I played through I liked Lifeless Planet the most. This game has sooo much potential to become a really, really good game. The following list is a pro/con list that refelcts my opinion about the game so far:Pros:-On highest graphics the game looks so awesome, its like watching a movie at some parts. For example, there is a part where you walk across a waterfall and 2 rainbows. looks fantastic! another detail I like about the graphics is that your helmet refelcts your surroundings, it looks really real at some points.-The game is a nearly perfect mix of adventure, puzzle and jumping, sometimes it feels like an open world game, too. Because of all the mixed genres the game never became boring when playing.-I really, really love the music. Its awesome! normally I listen to my own music while playing videogames, but as I heard the first music in the game I shut my own off.-Features Game Pad-The story is not clear, so the whole game I was thinking about the things that happend in the game, how the story will go on and stuff like this( I dont want to spoiler content so examples are kinda hard).Cons:-A bit buggy, but its the beta and the early access, so I cant really complain about this I think.-The beta is way to short ;o)-The checkpoints and respawn points are a bit annoying since the game doesnt feature steam cloud yetBugs I found:-At the power station mission I sometimes bugged through the ground and died when I jumped and attemted to land-Got stuck in a rock one timeSuggestion for improvement:-Add achievements-Could be a bit more open world with some easter eggs or hidden things to find-Add a multiplayer/Coop-Add a H2O indicator maybeConclusion:Really awesome game, if the full version is going to be like the beta (but with a bit improvement, achievements, bug fixes, maybe Steam trading cards and a longer story) I would buy the game for 50€, too.Please keep up the great work, i cant wait to play the whole game!!!If some parts are grammatical incorrect or if some parts are hard to understand then im sorry, Im german and my english is only on an average level."
,Recommended,261530,23478300,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,OctoberSkeleSaurus,One of the greatest games in its genre.9/10 For story.10/10 For atmosphere6/10 For graphics11/10 For a truly excellent final chapter.
,Recommended,261530,33038958,Posted: 30 June,all,Poluvolos,"I don't regret that I bought this game, because I am Russian and I like all this USSR and space stuff. Game starts pretty interesting, first 2-3 hours of playing are fast. But the rest is just polygon jumping with some bugs at the end."
,Recommended,261530,24074802,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Roundy,"Cool story, cool game. Great ambience.It looks a bit crappy a the beginning but better at the half of the story.Graphics are not really smooth and however i had some huge FPS drop sometimes (60 to ~20) with a good pc.You have to solve some puzzles but they are not so difficult, some jumps are a bit tricky.Command control are only for querty keyboard and it was a bit hard to control movements with a azerty keyboard, that's the bad point for me but you can use a gamepad.After completed the game, i feel it needs something more to be better, maybe more interaction with the environement."
76561198043116245,Recommended,261530,16751785,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Naylorius,Nifty little puzzle platform game that keeps you interested for the brief time it takes to work through it. Not a bad way to kill five hours.
,Recommended,261530,9420069,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Shifty Slug,"This game has been on my radar for over a year now, and was waiting in anticipation for it to be released, and i was definitely not disappointed.You play as an American astronaut that is on a mission to find out if there is life on this distant planet. The game starts you off in the middle of nowhere, right next to your space pot. it's your job to explorer this world and find out what is going on. The areas and sound effect really make this game stand out for me. while you are alone.. at first. you always have this feeling that something is about to happen. It is not a scary game, but has definitely got that suspension of something might happen to me at any time in this game. i don't want to spoil anything at this point about the game in terms of story and events. But if you like a game where you explorer and solve puzzles. while also having a story told to you. Then this would definitely be something you should pick up."
,Recommended,261530,11684954,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Ryne,8/10 -There's no place like home. This is one of those unique games you can't compare it to anything else. It consists of platforming and exploring. The music and voice acting is amazing. I was really drawn in from it's atmosphere. The story will keep you guessing till the very end. I loved it.
76561198019998412,Recommended,261530,24376607,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,heszele,"On one hand, this game has a good story, epic music and great athmosphere.On the other hand the controls are bad, the graphics are mediocre and there are some bugs also.I bought it on sale, and for that price it was definitely a good buy.So I can recommend the game, you will have a pretty good time, walking it through :)"
,Recommended,261530,25186768,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheBigMecha,"It was a nice and short experience. However the journey itself was quiet a fickle one thanks to the controls or rather how the character moves around. I played this game solely with a gamepad, so I don't know how playing with the keyboard feels like. But even with an analog stick, the character you play, moves rather stiff and that becomes most certainly noticeable during platforming from point A to B on narrow space without safe drop distance or walls to catch your momentum from jumps.Yes, the protagonist is an astronaut and wears a space suit, so him moving around like this is arguably a logical assumption. But I say, logic gets thrown out the window once certain elements get introduced into the plot. So...Overall, the game is okay. The graphics are decent but nothing outstanding. Certainly nothing you have play or that leaves a long lasting impression on you after finishing it. At least you feel statisfied after playing it.A thumbs up, but only recommended to those who are fine with spending money for no ryhme or reason"
,Recommended,261530,14721149,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,giljaysmith,"On the one hand, it's a bit of a walking simulator, albeit with some very basic puzzles and some frankly shonky platforming. On the other hand, it does look lovely, and the story is interesting. Do it in one hypnotic session."
76561197969026634,Recommended,261530,24402930,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Cid,"Dont buy this if you want a game that challenges your skills, i even have doubts calling it a ""game"".This is something different, you are not actually buying a game, you are buying a story or a experience.The graphics are honestly very dated, the music is good, the controls are strange, they are responsive but sometimes is hard to make precise movements.However, the enviroment is great, you are alone in a strange maybe hostile planet, and it feels like it, the graphics are not very good, but they manage to fulfill their purpouse, there are some beautiful landscapes, and you always feel you are in a very big desolated place.You get very few lines of story, you almost dont get information for anything, but these few lines they feed you every now and then, manage to keep you thinking and wondering, there is suspense, mistery and there is always a feeling of despair.I bough this game believing there was going to be in a soviet enviroment, with  lots of communist emblems or ruins, but there are very few of those, i dont want to spoil anything, but if you want to see communist style towns or cities, you will be dissapointed, i bough it because of the communist premise, but you get very few of that, however, the story was good enough to make me forget about it.I do recommend it, because i was really hooked up into the story, i wanted to keep going to see the ending of it, so even with all the complains, if it manage to keep me entertained, i believe is goodThere is some plataforming, a few easy puzzles, and a great atmosphere, if you like sci fi, this may be for you."
,Recommended,261530,9404755,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,GorkenYolo,This is an amazing game ive already beat the beta game cant wait for the full release and the graphics are good the gameplay is pretty good there are some bugs at the last rock jumps but other than that it was amazing (cant wait for steam trading cards and achievments)
,Not Recommended,261530,10550768,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Shedletsky,"The first 30 minutes are brilliant.The next 3 hours are painful. I was ready for this game to be over about half-way through, when instead of being an intriguing story about an abandoned soviet settlement where there shouldn't be one, the game became a hackney-ed story about some random woman. The plot development and writing thereof is cringe-worthy. To the developer I would say, follow the first rule of writing: don't tell it. Show it.The game mechanics themselves are boring. I enjoyed jumping and running when that wasn't the whole thing that the game was about. 30 minutes in, the story has shot itself in the head and jumping and running is all that is left.Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,261530,34705536,Posted: 3 September,all,archcorenth,"It just goes on and on with barely changing vistas, a story doled out in the smallest bits possible, and no puzzles or action.  Honestly, I'm giving up because my finger is getting a cramp from holding down the W key.  I don't know if I'm near the end or not.  I thought I was near the end when it turned night, but now it is day again.  How much longer should I hold the W key down for?  Will anything happen?  Will I ever see anything other than rock pillars and remnants of the Russian expedition?edit:  I decided to finish it since it was supposed to be a ""short game""  There was about 2 hours left!  All of the environments continued to look the same just in different colors, and textures stretched too far.  The story was forever told in found note pages, which is lazy and gives you the sense that you are not the one having the adventure.  Why wasn't I playing as one of the people who left the note pages?  And why are there so many older with better ways of delivering story?  I'm thinking of, say, Penumbra, where you are given the story through the guy on the other end of a walky talky while you are doing your walking.  Furthermore, the story only ever got remotely interesting in the last two sections.  And, you know, it was a little interesting, but why was there so much other game?If it's a walking simulator, why was there nothing to look at?  If it was a platformer,  why were the controls so rubbish?  If it was a survival horror, why were you never in trouble?  If it was an adventure game, why were there no puzzles?  If it was a story telling game, why was the story so incredible sparse?  (going by the achievements, there were only 20 log entries  and they are all about a paragraph long and even then many of them are superfluous.)  What it was, was a horrible, glitchy, ugly, time sink."
76561198020796129,Not Recommended,261530,24799049,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Squirel,"I wasn't impressed, and I'm glad I bought the game on sale. It is not worth the $20 price tag.It's a paltry 4 hours to complete the main story, if that. It certainly doesn't merit a second playthrough to get all of the achievements. The story itself is trite, boring, and predictable.The trailer implies it is an exploration heavy game, and while the world is technically open, there isn't a lot to see. In reality, it's extremely linear, with little to no point to deviating from the path that's obviously laid before you. There are minerals to find and story background, but neither are interesting enough to bother with.The graphics are jarringly bad. Somewhere in the era of Dreamcast/original Playstation. This creates two issues. One, it made platforming difficult in some areas, as it was difficult to see where I was supposed to go or what exactly I should be trying to land on. Two, in an exploration, ambience heavy game the graphics were a huge roadblock to immersion."
,Not Recommended,261530,29264715,Posted: 14 January,all,RoruArcher,"This game feels like it was a good idea implemented on a budget.  Not a terrible storyline, but shoddy level design, clunky controls, and a very slow overall pace makes this game occasionally feel like punchign my monitor.  I purchased this during a 75% off sale - had I bought it at any other time, I would feel like I was cheated.  Definitely not worth the full price.  I have legitimately had more fun gridning EVs in pokemon - at least that has a point at the end."
76561198049688197,Recommended,261530,29028042,Posted: 4 January,all,JumboG,"Only a few hours long but still entertaining. This game is made of two things, short segments telling a sci-fi story and long elements of platforming, nothing else."
76561197995168088,Not Recommended,261530,19448426,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Gheth,"I thought the concept was interesting and the game looked good, but it could have been much more than it is.This feels more like a follow-the-dotted-line story than an adventure game, though I thought it did a good job at the 'atmospheric' portion of things. The landscapes, 'biomes' and views were pretty cool.  Story was linear and hand-holdy but interesting enough (along with the scenery) for a play through.  There's also little to gain from checking corners, occasionally there's an optional point of interest that doesn't add a whole lot to the story (geology anyone?).What few puzzles exist are rather basic.Often transitions between 'levels' are disjointed. You walk to the entrance of a new area, then you get loaded into a completely different part of the planet, in no way resembling where you were or what you were looking at. No explanation for travel given.Some tension moments are very forced and silly. Filling up on air (""You're set for 8 hours!"") and again running out 5 minutes after is not nail-biting tension, it's annoying. Note that you will only run out of air with an air tank in clear view, I guess this was an 'immersive' way of telling you to walk straight forward.Certain questions are never answered, and I think the answers might have been more interesting than the intended story.Not enough game here for full price, maybe pick it up on sale. I got it at 50% off and not sure it was worth it.  Prepare to jump. A lot. So much jumping...I noticed some comments about the controls being problematic. Just FYI, I used a 360 controller and never had a complaint."
76561198041814634,Recommended,261530,32729337,Posted: 24 June,all,pugwash,"Really liked the story, nice pace, some of the puzzles were a little easy. Worth the cash."
76561198208821376,Recommended,261530,31029950,Posted: 8 April,all,sfeister,"I am enjoying the game and its narrative, but the puzzles aren't as challenging as I was hoping. I also got frustrated a few times by how much hand-holding in-game guidance there is! I understand it's a difficult needle to thread between losing players and over-explaining, so other users experience may be different! Still, I enjoyed the game, so I'll recommend it -- just don't expect Myst-level puzzles!"
76561198172556193,Recommended,261530,29572625,Posted: 29 January,all,luckypurplerose151,A fun little exploration walking sim with some platforming. The mystery behind this one was unique and had me genuinely fascinated. Later scenes had me on edge and created a pretty gripping atmosphere.Could have used a bit more plot and interactivity but overall a definite recommend if you've got some spare time/cash.
,Recommended,261530,30846292,Posted: 30 March,all,Death Of An Icon,"I really feel I ought to review this because Ireallyenjoyed it. There's an achievement for spending 10 hours in the game, I know a few people cheat (hex ed) to get it (I dont care, each to their own) - but I truely was having so much fun I spent just over 10 hours in the game (I hexed it to get the 4hr cheev).This made me feel like an interplanetary explorer.The story reminded me of awesome 50's, 60's, and 70's classic sci-fi novels; especially BradburysThe CityandThe Long Rain.And the monoliths/power sources toward the endlent it a superb feeling of.... I don't even know... mindblownness, a la Clarkes2001:A Space Odyssey.The soundtrack gave the entire game an incredible feeling of desolation, bewilderment, and heightened the ups and downs of hopeful expectation. The soundtrack (and incidentals) was beautiful, a hecking blessing for the game.The technicalities of gameplay- it all worked. No glitches, no bugs, no issues except my dumbass poorly timing really easy jumps. Framerate dropped occasionaly making it a bit stuttery. Lowering the graphics settings and then turning them back up fixed the framerate issue. The controls are easy, wsad/space/m/q/e/rmbSome people have said Lifeless Planet is like an empty sandbox walking sim - well, yes it is. Thats the point. It's literally called Lifeless Planet because it's about a guy on a ...wait for it...drum roll please...Lifeless Planet. Theres actually a really good story happening on that planet and a pretty resilient little guy to take you through it. Honestly, I barely cared about the story, just walking around that planet was awesome. You can see places far off in the distance and you just know, 'Stick to the path. You've got to find a way home. You go wandering, you're going to die'.The thought that my oxygen could run out was always in the back of my mind but never stressful. It was never (or rarely) a reason to rush. Other games give you survival elements like that and you just have to rush through stuff so you don't die, and you're forced to miss scenery or pick-ups. There's no rushing here. There's a sense of urgency but it instilled (in me at least) a sense of'let's get this done properly, not quickly'.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Authorit's no AAA title however it has bags of atmosphere, exploration and that feeling you rarely get in games - a sense of wonder and imagination with a superb musical score by Rich Douglas. For the price of a couple of drinks you'll easy get 5 hrs gameplay and that's without any replays for acheivements.They ↑ were spot on.I give this 7.5 Terraformed Planets out of 10"
76561198074602603,Recommended,261530,26239562,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Henrimagne,"Lifeless Planet surprised me.Actually, the moment the game started and I looked around at the desolation and then took my first steps into the unknown, I knew I was going to love this game.  It just had that kind of promise to it.  And I'm glad to say that playing it was totally worth it.The game starts out innocently enough - an astronaut stranded on an alien planet, looking for the rest of his crew, hoping to survive it all.  But then our hero stumbles into a deserted town and it looks all too familiar, exactly like a scene from Earth: even a Russian flag flies in the alien wind.  Strange indeed, but it's just the beginning of more strange and weird but spectacular things to come on a very personal journey about surviving loss.You can't help but wonder what lies behind the next dune, the next giant doorway, the next turn in the path and where it is all going to lead to.You get to explore the seemingly lifeless planet, learn about what has happened there, using your jetpack in the lowish gravity to get to otherwise unreachable places and solving puzzles by interacting with the environment.  The controls are uncomplicated and the scenery is stunning.Lifeless Planet gets my vote and I'm definitely going back to experience it again."
,Recommended,261530,10370003,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MetalHorrorGamer,"This game is just amazing, exploring this world just keeps getting more and more intreasting. you never know what your gonna see or find. The Atmosphere is just mind blowing. im hooked, i cant stop playing it. Controls are very simple to learn and use. i highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,261530,9416319,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Chrysalis,Simple yet awesome game so far. If you love space and love exploring then this is the game for you. It also has a really creepy atmosphere to it on some part. I was not expecting that but I love it. I can not wait for more of this game!!!10/10
,Recommended,261530,9369908,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Demonale,We had a small glitch using the Robotic arm the first time but realoading the game fixed it. Raise the frequency of when you need to recharge the oxygen tanks and add more of them around the map. Really good demo I cant wait for the actual game to come out.
,Recommended,261530,9372986,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,danfu777,"When you purchase this game you are essentially purchasing a demo (first 6 out of 20 levels) in which you can easily complete in an hour and a half. This review ONLY covers the first six levels! With that being said, this is the best EAG I've purchased on Steam. This is one of those games where gameplay kind of takes a back seat for the story. It really does have the spirit of classic action-adventure games. There is no life bar, no weapons, and no HUD whatsoever. All you have is a flashlight, a one-time rechargeable boost jetpack (with an exception...), and a robot arm to grab things. From what I have seen so far the game is fairly linear, with some small diverting paths to grab some 'collectables.'What has won me over to this game is the atmosphere and the mystery of the story (No spoilers, I will be as vague as possible). You start off with one simple mystery: ""Where are my buddies?"" Then it grows to: ""Who is that lady?"" Then it snowballs into: ""What is that thing!?!"" Then the demo abruptly ends… My curiosity has never been so enticed for a game's story in a long long time! Needless to say I really want to play the next levels.This game is different and I have trouble thinking of a genre to place it in. It's a Sci fi mystery, it has some elements of horror, some elements of plat-forming, and some elements of puzzle-solving. If you are looking for a horror, shoot 'em up, space horror, this is not your game. If you are looking for a story driven, creepy, atmospheric, sci-fi mystery, this is your game. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a break from typical AAA gaming and who doesn’t want to play anymore 8-bit style indie games (sorry my 8-bit buddies, I need a break from you as well)."
76561198012029165,Recommended,261530,9374782,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,8BitDoughnut,"For some time now, I've been looking for a game in which I can simply get lost in. From what I saw and experienced in this game, I can confidently say that I enjoy the gameplay, I love the atmosphere of it and I have indeed found a game to just jump into and be immersed in its story. One thing that really draws me to this game is the Soviet Union references and the sense that you aren't truly alone.Overall it is a great game with a story that will satisfy your curiosities about where you are, what's going on and why you are here.As of right now the game only has a beta demo, but it has great potential for the full release."
76561198021110857,Not Recommended,261530,12640927,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Netheil,"Basically I didn't like it - the game is very short, finished it under 4 hours and more than half of it was simply running - and the half of other half was reading log entries. You might think that I should've been enjoying the scennery - but there isn't much to enjoy, everything is pretty monotonic - starting from orange and brown hills, through grey and black hills and even some blue glossy hills that probably were meant as glaciers, finally finishing with green hills.Graphics of this game were pretty outdated, which would be hard to notice, since most of what you see are rocks and hills, but... well, suffice to say that I've seen better character models in games made ten years ago. And you'd think that gamedevs would put some more work into character models, since there are about THREE of those in the entire game.Dying - dying was pretty annoying. I understand the fact that dropping from 100 feet to the ground is lethal, but seeing me fall and turn into bloodied ragdoll about 30 feet above ground is laughable. Similarly, I understand that stepping into lava is lethal, but ragdolling with the cheerful sound of flatline after one step into a burning rock? Am I to understand that burning your toe causes immediate heart failiure?Well, you might say that this is a story-driven game and what I should look for is good story - and the fact is that story in this game is pretty interesting. But the way it is delivered is, in my opinion, horrible. Voice in this game is used only as single sentences spoken by main character (in plain, monotonic voice) or single words by the Russian girl (which are, obviously, in Russian). Pictures are so confusing that without reading full logs you're not sure what exactly is happening.So to sum up, what we have here is neglegible quantity of voice acting, couple of nice pictures and several pages of text. Good enough for a sci-fi novel, not good enough for a game, not nearly enough for this price.I'd say 4 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,261530,18453461,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,catsblackapplez,"In an attempt to strike a balance between isolation and storytelling, Lifeless Planet puts the player in an extremely intriguing enviroment, but then has the character narrate everything the player sees for context. Lifeless Planet comes extremely close to being what it aimed to be, but ultimately falls into the pool of narrative handholding."
76561198017314958,Not Recommended,261530,10404221,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Axrat,"Lifeless game to be honest. Lovely graphics but the storyline, the challenges, the endless running.. not good. The game desperately needs an autorun option. No monsters so a great game to let your ten year old learn on but all in all a huge disappointment. Definitely not worth the £15.00. If you like 100% linear platform games, if you like endless pressing of the w key, if you like challenges a child could do, if you like lots of reading for no point whatsoever, if you like a boring story which leaves you thinking you really dont care and if you like a game you will finish in a few hours then go for it. Otherwise go buy some new underwear and save yourself some money."
,Recommended,261530,23050229,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,stimpy77,"Good game if discounted. I think $10 fits the value of the game pretty well. It's definitely an indie game, with lots of rough edges and levels of detail that are occasionally frustratingly lacking. You spend the entire game as a little astronaut man running around this planet with seam-heavy level transitions and a very linear path (not straight but definitely always on a rail). Given the type of gameplay, the linearity is definitely appropriate, it's just that it's a big, dull planet with some pretty ridiculous obviously computer heightmap generated canyons and crevices that steal away any suspension of disbilief.But it does make for some interesting sci-fi. The concept is interesting. It's kind of a movie type of plot where all you do is sit back and learn, slowly, what it is you're looking at. The gameplay is extremely dull, however, because the only challenges, with the exceptional of three or four mini-puzzles, are ""don't jump too far"" and ""*splat!* no not that ledge, the other one"". You have no weapon and there are only about three types of things you can push or carry. That's it, the rest of the time you're running. Run! Run, Forrest, run!With simplistic graphics and limited gameplay, I still recommend the game, but I rate it a 3.3/5."
76561198131904681,Recommended,261530,10776309,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jronguitar,"This could just be a series of screenshots. Seriously, look at my profile. I know! Like 50 screenshots so far of this game! It's really pretty stuff you get to walk around in. Eventually you get to jump, and platform and avoid s**t. I'd definitely catagorize it as a platformer, although lightning fast reflexes are not a necessity with this game.Also, the longer I'm on this planet, the more I think the title is a bit of a misnomer, so, I dunno...8/10.If you like taking screenshots 10/10."
,Recommended,261530,10226112,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,=HPSF=Master,Don't know what else to say... but this game so far is awesome.  I started it up just to try it out for a few minutes and the next thing I know I've played through the entire beta.  It is fantastic.  Incredibly atmospheric.  I haven't had this type of game draw in since Brothers.  This is a MUST support project.  If you've been on the fence about getting this... jump because you're missing out.
,Recommended,261530,10397995,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Saga,"I was worried that, for the money, this was going to turn out to be another over-priced and extremely short disappointment (Among the Sleep, I'm looking at you).Could not have been more wrong, it was just wonderful. A great little slice of what feels like PROPER sci-fi and I hesitate to spoil anything beyond that. Superb music too. For the work of mostly one person this was very impressive.If I had any complaints - maybe could have done with varying up the puzzles a bit more, and tightened up some of the open-spaces/jumping puzzle bits, but generally speaking, this could well be on my personal top ten of the year.Four carbon based life-forms out of five."
76561198027647700,Recommended,261530,10605886,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bob The IT Guy,"If it was a sci-fi novel, it would be great.  If it was sci-fi movie, it would be great.  It's also an extremely immersive game with a captivating storyline.  Although like all good things that come to an end, Lifeless Planet leaves you wanting more."
76561198025964293,Recommended,261530,10441055,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,iuliantrek,"Well, Lifeless Planet is the best game I played after Stanley Parable and one of the most better game I played ever. On a games market suffocated by videos for people too lazy to think, unproperly named games and done with ridiculous huge budget, the Lifeless Planet it's like an oxigen dose for people with the brain inside, and a proof the money and number of developers does not matter to do the real quality but only passion for a game idea and development. Thanks, Dave, for your ambition and perseverance."
76561198017186436,Recommended,261530,10632364,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mad Hatter,"I have to admit that I was extraordinarily suprised by this game. I merely bought it, because it wasn't too expensive and the trailer kinda sounded and looked interesting.The main focus in this game is of course the story. And it is actually that story that keeps you glued to the screen for approximately 4 hours, and makes you want to reveal all the secrests of all these mysterious circumstances about an epiditition to an unknown planet. Do yourself a favor and don't read any spoilers, because that would probably ruin the whole game. Honestly, there is not much beside the story.There are are some exploring features in it, but nothing goes beyond the level's borders and except for some stones or minerals, everything that is mandatory will be pretty much laid before your feet. The level structure is pretty straight forward. You can't really miss your goal, and the main thing you will do is jumping and running. At first this might sound a bit boring and not really special. But that's okay, because this game's forte lies in the story and that's why you will endure these countless jump and run passages and all these kilometers that you have to run by foot gladly in order to reveal another part of the story.The animations and graphics weren't too great, not even on the highest settings. While they were able to provide a certain amount of diversity in the different ""levels"" or passages, you can't help but get the feeling that everything seems to be a bit simple and plain.The character animations of everything that was not in a spacesuit (I counted 2 people), were awful to be honest. They really reminded me of N64 games where everything looked like a wooden doll. But even that isn't too much of a problem since you will be mostly jumping and running with your astronaut in his spacesuit , and these animation were more than okay.All in all, I can recommend this game. Especially to those people who enjoy games like the Stanley Parabel and love to dig into a game's story. It probably won't matter if you are a Jump and Run fan or not. As long as you like storydriven games, you will enjoy this one a lot. When I started it today, it kept me glued to the screen for 4 hours straight because I desperately wanted to solve the mystery about this planet and all the strange occurences that accured there. And the same will hopefully happen to you too."
,Recommended,261530,10998244,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,arte et labore.,"Strange but welcomingly unique. A good combination of sci-fi, mystery and exploration."
76561198121467152,Recommended,261530,24439220,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Theodoris,Never skip the leg day indeed
,Recommended,261530,29881556,Posted: 12 February,all,jeminacek,"Wow. Such a masterpiece of a game. The word ""atmospheric"" cannot describe how much this game is beautiful, scary and mysterious...! Recommend playing it with gamepad and headphones."
,Recommended,261530,10413037,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,SurlyQueue,"Really enjoyed the game.  Definately an exploratory, puzzle oriented game.  Not too difficult, but a good storyline and great atmosphere.  Worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,261530,22305954,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Bodomi,"It's very odd and unusual for me to not recommend an Exploration Walking Simulator. I usually love all kinds of them.This one couldn't keep me, only reason I kept playing this game is due to the fact that I don't like reviewing games that I haven't finished.Nothing was really happening and the movement/controls was horrible, really jittery and I constantly got stuck in the envoirment, fell off of things and I also fell through the world multiple times.This game is unfinished. To many bugs including random instadeaths, unreasonable invincible walls, and holes in the world that killed me multiple times. And the movement system in general, as I said, is horrible.The game is to linear. Yes, I know this is a walking simulator but it wasn't like they usually are. There was a lack of a beautiful world to look at, lack of any atmosphere really except for triggered sound events and lack of any character. Making the walking through the designated path extremely boring, Dear Esther for example kept me invested. It didn't bore me to death like this one did. Dear Esther told an interesting story and had a beautiful world that kept my screenshot finger ready, this one did not.The character you play has horrible voice acting, no personality whatsoever.I wanted to enjoy the story but I couldn't due to all the other bad factors but the storyline wasn't to bad.This, in my opinion, is far from an adventure game, it's the exact opposite. You can't explore what you want or go where you want like 99% of good exploration walking simulators let you do. You can only follow 1 path, you can only mindlessly walk along the dotted path while pressing W and jumping every once in a while and it gets to boring as I explained earlier.And the graphics, I'm sorry but I can't let this go, this is, graphically, the ugliest walking simulator I've ever played. It looks like it was made in 2003, but no it was developed in 2014 and it has absolutelly horendus graphics, destroying yet another VERY important factor in walking simulators, it needs to have a beautiful world.The price point is extremely high for this low content, horrible, unfinished game. 17$ is unacceptable, it's worth more like 2-3$.I also feel like this game was dragged out to long, the story was more than finished before the actual game ended but it kept getting dragged out through fillercontent. This game is to long in context of the story.I don't understand how this could also be called a puzzle game, there is no puzzles in this game, I'm sorry but if you call that hook stuff puzzles then there is something wrong with you.Do not buy this game, trust me, I've played my fair share of walking simulators and all kinds of games that are always reffered to as ""not really a game"".This game doesn't hold up. It's horrible and I don't understand how it has so many positive reviews.Great concept for a game, couldn't be more horribly executed.1/10."
,Recommended,261530,9412740,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Teal Mc Chicken,this is an amazing game and i was suprised it wasnt buggy at all and cant wait for the full version
,Not Recommended,261530,24221243,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sad bird man,"An unfortunate case of a game's quality not living up to its potential. The potential I see for a game like this lies in its story and atmosphere, but neither manage to impress all that much.The story is minimal, or at least stretched thin enough to seem minimal, and has the foundation of something compelling. Unfortunately, most attempts to heighten the plot's mystique fall flat in the earlier sections of the game. Really only during the last quarter or so do things become intersting, but by that stage I'd already lowered my expectations for overall narrative quality.Secondly, and arguably more importantly, everything about the game screams that it is an absorbing atmospheric experience. The title itself is a statement of setting, game environments are left wide and sweepingly open, and the camera typically soars right over the player to focus on the vistas surrounding them. The problem is that these environments and vistas really aren't visually impressive. From the barren, stretched textures of the distant hills to the matte, ill-defined features of human characters, the graphical fidelity here is on par with something out of the PS2 era. I was honestly a little shocked to learn this was a 2014 release after being so thoroughly underwhelmed by the visuals.Despite these gripes, it's not like the game is aggressively bad. There are good moments of contemplative silence and solitude, and many of the puzzles and progression bits are logically well thought-out.  In this way, I think this game feels more like a proof of concept in the state it's currently in. It feels half finished; technically functional but not polished at all. I can't recommend it for the $20 price tag, but it is at least worth playing through once if you can grab it on sale."
,Recommended,261530,28644996,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,metalim,"I was afraid that ""search-for-wife"" story shown in trailer will end up in typical psychodelic world of hallucinations. Fortunately game's story is much more than that.Definitely it's not an Open World, plot is completely linear. The other downside is poor quality of human model, fortunately you won't be seeing it up close.Music and audio are superb, landscapes are beautiful, might be influenced by ""Journey"" game - very atmospheric, but somewhat lonely. Story is evolving gradually, it feels like reading a book. Trailer might make it look shallow, don't be mistaken."
76561198076403401,Recommended,261530,24402963,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,JakeTheCardsFan,"'Handcramp/3D Platforming simulator 2014""I really really enjoy the story and the ""lore"" and especially the character development of the colonizers. But the Mechanics are god awful and many of the puzzles are make me question how anybody was even able to complete this game. there were no gentle challenges, it was either be stuck for 30 minutes/rage quit in frustration or be babied through some really easy puzzles, there is no inbetween.Overall, if the mechanics were improved, great game, in its current state, not so much. Also, the fact that essentially one guy made this is really impressive, GG"
76561197965746514,Recommended,261530,10830754,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RaqxesDK,"A great game, fantastic atmosphere, great music, nice gameplay, but a bit too expensive, game takes about 4h 2 complete... but i think its worth it, idd wish i could erase my memory of the story, and do it all over again, its an amazing story tyvm for the story, hope 2 see more like this. =)"
,Recommended,261530,10841701,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Taorakis,"This game kept me going for more than 6 hours.I had so much fun unraveling the Mysteries of that Planet, the game is basically a 'walking Simulator', you walk, you explore, you look at the scenery, you read logs, and you discover and unravel the mystery.[It lacks a lot of cutscenes so far but i didnt have that much fun in a while.] By now that should be done. :)I also like the absence of a Interface, of Weapons and fights, it's nice to just explore and platform a bit."
76561198008988548,Recommended,261530,9402486,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,MAD-HATE,"I'm not big into story telling games, but the trailer alone made me want to play.  After playing the levels that are available I'm excited for the rest.  Good luck on finishing the game and I hope it's just as good as the rest.  MUST BUY!"
76561198060061717,Recommended,261530,9598507,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,gavoid,"Although this isn't a complete game yet I have to say so far, so great! The sense of solitude and isolation on a beautiful, forlorn alien planet is the perfect antidote to a hectic day on this insane little sphere we call home. Really well done, can't wait to play the rest."
76561198087665961,Recommended,261530,9392079,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,postapocalypticteaparty,This is a great game. I can't wait for the full version. This needs way more advertising.
76561198060224675,Recommended,261530,9509534,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Skuola,"EXCELLENT! Good mystery to keep the user intrigued and enough content to keep you wondering what will come next... i will say it is a little linear for my taste and there is no need to explore the world you created.I didnt find anything that would be concidered ""buggy"" but i will say that if possible the controls could be made tighter.Keep it going. im excited to see the final product and will be reccomending this Beta to my friends"
76561198011816980,Recommended,261530,9823159,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Troppo,"The atmosphere of this game is awsome, the total feeling of isolation, the big scenes and relaxed game play has me hooked.Please keep up the good work and release the full version... I can hardly wait."
,Recommended,261530,10415451,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Fern,"Lifeless Planet is an exelent story/exploration game, the story really sucks you in, while some parts of the game are still rough (level transitions are a bit disorienting) and there is an awful lot of jumping in this game :Dthe story more than makes up for it.The game is an exelent casual game for people looking for something casual but with a decent story.Worth every cent."
76561198052277680,Recommended,261530,10516075,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Tis But A Scratch,"Great game but a bit short for $19.99, i payed 14.99 for the alpha still to much money for 5-6 hours of game. But if you have the money it really is a great game. If you dont have a fat wallet wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,261530,9774976,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,ratboy 👌,Good so far but the framerate is really iffy. sometimes is smooth sailing at 60fps then randomly drops to 45. overally the gameplay is solid and im liking the story so far.
76561198074536661,Recommended,261530,10418364,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Posh Snob,"Surprisingly good graphics, Great story-line, nice cut-scenes, animations and voice-actingReally recommended if you like space exploration games!"
,Recommended,261530,10193890,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,DrSenzuBean,Really interesting game to say the least. You know there's a much deeper story out there and we've just began to scratch the surface of it. I was so into the story that I played the whole thing through in one sitting! I was truly upset (not in the bad way) when the 'thanks for playing the Beta' screen popped up. Really well done for an early access game! Can't wait for the full version!
,Recommended,261530,10801557,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,gondorle,"Greetings,Lifeless Planet is one of those games that you need to deliver yourself into before it gets really interesting. Seriously, it starts very slowly, some clanky mechanics that might stop you playing but then, you start finding out curious stuff in it. Exploration is not worthwhile but the main goal, which is to find whatever the hell happened to you and your buddies, makes you see and go through a lot of hard terrain. The puzzles are extremely easy to solve but like I said, the fact that you're in a different planet, with erm, interesting stuff lying around, makes it a very compromising game for me. Seriously, I love day dreaming about space travelling and finding life outside the solar system so this game kind of hit that spot in me. Nothing really brilliant but the setting, the goal, the story and I must say, the graphics, make it all worthwhile. Good game."
76561197989314612,Recommended,261530,10829710,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sidewinder,"I really enjoyed this one. Beat it in about 6 hours, but it was time well spent and very satisfying. Interesting story, lots of fun platforming (with a jetpack!), puzzles, and great atmospheric music. It's a slow-paced game but the overall experience is quite riveting. Grab it!"
,Recommended,261530,25504736,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,tomas_649,A great game. Period. The ending is anticlimactic. But the lead up to that point is great. The feeling of mystery and a spice of horror.
,Recommended,261530,9541280,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,John McClane,"Amazing, amazing and amazing... This is a jewel, hidden among so many bad ""jewels of the year"" a jewel that will teleport you on a lifeless planet with hidden mysteries that need to be solved in order to move on.The graphics are not next-gen (if u expected that) but they compensate with a deep atmosphere; given by all those game-fx's blend t in such beautiful way that will keep your eyes peeled for a few hours without you knowing it.The story is more then captivating and makes you ask yourself so preety interesting questions that for some persons; with a lower age then 18; would be groundbreaking that would change they're way of thinking or more.For me this is a masterpiece; a game that finds its way inside your head; just to take you for a ride in a beautiful game with awesome atmosphere; gorgeous music; voice acting and interesting secrets that reveal more about the planet.If you are reading this; BUY IT, its worth the price."
76561197983401247,Recommended,261530,31660457,Posted: 9 May,all,mweb,"It was an interesting game. A little slow paced at times, and the environment was a little sparse. But it had a good story, and  the game had no bugs that I noticed. A few areas were really interesting and the jumping difficulty was just about right.  The sound track for the whole game was excellent. Good job developers. I recommend it."
,Recommended,261530,10929156,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bill Dungsroman,A fun little adventure game platformer that would be easier to recommend but for a couple od spots in the game where the platforming is annoyingly tedious.
,Recommended,261530,9389614,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Swaz,"hmm... i'll give this game a thumbs up, for now.. but the pictures are very misleading... as you don't see most of the scenes in these pictures, actually in the game. this in my opinion, should by no means be categorized as a ""beta"" but rather a demo. without giving any spoilers, the game just abruptly ends, saying ""thanks for playing the demo"".  slightly disappointed, as this game could never be finished, and here i am stuck with a 20 dollar demo that was breezed through in a couple hours. the game is awesome tho, for what i did get to play... but its extremely short, and like i said, from the pics, misleading."
,Recommended,261530,10367485,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tock,"Caught the pre-release price just before it switched over, but after having played the game, I would have been happy with paying the $20 price if I hadn't. What a game! I stayed up all night playing this gem, and now I'm sad it's over! I hope the achievements will give me ample reason to play it again.Very good zone design. I liked that the game didn't coddle you went it came to solving puzzles. I really had to use my noggin to get through some areas. I love puzzles!I'm a little fuzzy on the story, but I think it'll make more sense to me my second time through."
,Recommended,261530,10403489,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Zombie Burger $2.99,"Short Version:buy it :Support the creator :Intriguing :Platform/puzzle gameJust wish It was Longer.Longer Version:I saw the video and was Curious.I read the Blurb and was  even more Intriquied.I bought, installed and said ""20min or on the junk pile""10Hrs later.Really impressed by the narative/storyline.I think most people get too caught up in the Soviet aspect and fail to appreciate the undercurrent, the real questions.Those drawn to slower more thought provoking game play , I think , Will enjoy this game.Those who just expect action.. meh! there is always COD and the like.This game is a welcome  change from Fps/zombies.Music is Excelent.Some parts reminded me of ""Mission to mars"" and ""Stargate""This is NOT a shooter.Short.. yesIt is a puzzle/platform game with great storyThinking man/womans game."
76561197969759963,Recommended,261530,9394915,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Shaggs,"Lovely atmospheric game.  I lost myself playing this-  At one point, I realised I was gazing at the screen in wonder."
,Recommended,261530,9402189,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Chinspinner,Just completed the beta section and looking forward to the full release.  It is a great adventure game with an intriguing story and full of atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,261530,23273044,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mz Cookies,"Lifeless Planet is an awe inspiring journey that drives the player to pursue the story and traverse the beautiful and mystical environment of an unknown planet.Lifeless Planet is a walking simulator with mixed gameplay throughout, it is engaging but not difficult with scattered diary logs to read distributed on the planet and simple puzzles to complete.This game stands out from the endless supply of indie titles on steam simply because of its story, yes it involves a lot of reading to fully comprehendthe concept but it is done brilliantly and ensures the players attention is captivated right from the introduction.There are numerous platforming scenes where the player must utilise their equipped jetpack which in my opinion, is a key element as it really blends the gameplay and recenteres the games genre of exploration and adventure, plus it's fun and a little bit quirky!The enemies are unique and brew the story, adding to the players curiosity and yearning to unearth the answer to so many unanswered questions.Overall, Lifeless Planet is an excellent atmospheric and captivating Sci-Fi  indie title that I would recommend to  every story lover."
76561198001819032,Not Recommended,261530,28562452,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chanter,"Strangely atmospheric game marred by mediocre, sometimes downright crude, gameplay.Seems to want to be an immersive walking simulator, but is practically a platformer.Lifeless Planet throws you into the role of an astronomer post-crash. The smash cut from the intro video to your character jumping around in the sand is startling, and there is more of that to come. Lifeless Planet has some really odd segues between story and gameplay, cutting to new chapters and new locations without warning. It all gives you the feeling of a half-finished game, a feeling confirmed by the bugs (three times I got stuck in the scenery and had to restart) and the slippery controls.The essence here is the story, well-told and with a Soviet feel that is perhaps the best part of the game - the industrial building design and the voice acting reminding me of the first Pathologic. The atmosphere is unnerving and claustrophobic. But the bulk of the game is walking, lots of walking, and jumping with jetpack. Why do you have to stop and read all the story? It would have been so much better to have it as audio logs. Also why are there some demanding precision-platforming? The control really can't support it.The pacing is all over the place and the second half of the game just drags between tedious ""put the thing in the other thing""-chores and long, taxing walks. Somewhere in the middle of this there is a stark, sometimes scary story and some great atmosphere. With just a few tweaks, and a leaner gameplay, Lifeless Planet could have been a thing to recommend."
76561198129212819,Recommended,261530,34787162,Posted: 6 September,all,qtechautomotive,Was pretty good considering it was the design of a single person. Quite an undertaking and a lot of promise if more resources available. Story engaging enough that kept me going to see what happens next.
76561198070983964,Recommended,261530,10096767,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Rags,"-- REVIEW FOR BETA VERSION ONLY --Lifeless Planet is simple. Very simple. But a return to simple game mechanics and letting intrigue take the wheel is something we definitely need to see more of. LP, while still in Beta state and definitely not finished yet, is regardless one of the most enjoyable games I've played.Ever.It's an exploration/platforming/adventure sort of hybrid. And there even some elements of horror and suspense mixed in, though not very intense at all. You feel nervous at times, but never get the sense that you're in danger. There is only moving about, some light world interaction, mostly just running and jumping about. No combat. Thankfully.When the Beta ends, I was very disappointed. Not in the developers. It's not finished, after all...but I genuinely want to see what comes up next. And for me to be so interested in what's around the next corner isn't something I've felt in a very, very long time.I cannot wait until this game is finished, and I have the feeling that once it is, it will be quite the adventure.If you want an experience, buy this game."
76561198008488433,Not Recommended,261530,14571479,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,vilgorn,"Tells a very short but interesting and original story. There's a handfull of jumping puzzles and occasional ""press buttons in the correct sequence"" puzzles to solve to be able to advance the story. The path is pretty much linear but allows you to do a little bit of exploration in some of the areas. Visually the game is just about OK and the controls are about the same level.If it had been a full price game I would have been furious due to how short the game is. I played it through in less than 4 hours, and that includes spending at least one hour trying to recover from what I believe is a glitch in the game that could have been avoided if there was a proper save function implemented instead of the automatic checkpoint save system.If there was a ""Maybe"" option I would press it, don't buy if you want an adventure that will keep you entertained for a long time."
76561197979614721,Recommended,261530,9385363,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,doghouse,"Okay, it is early access.  You get six levels (there are twenty) to play with and it took me a little under two hours.  I could probably have done it quicker.I don't really want to say much about the storyline, other than you'll soon come to realise the lifeless planet is and isn't.So, is it good, or is it bad -- or even something in between?To start, the game is fully playable.  The sparse and open environments do lend to a lifeless feel, although the opportunity to explore is very limited and in effect is very much a directed affair.  One shouldn't feel too lost or wondering where and what to do with visual cues.  But like I say, the player is very much funneled.  You can't get lost.  This doesn't mean it's a bad thing.I know in many reviews the atmosphere was highly rated.  Over rated, IMO, but still suitable for the game -- although it does have its moments.  The story elements that are slowly dripped to the player are what count here.  And I have to confess that I wanted to keep playing just to unravel the mystery of the planet.  That was the hook for me, and works very well.I wish there was a maybe button for recommendation.  I don't think it is justifiable to pay ten english sterling for this early access which in fact is (at the end of the six levels is stated as) a demo!  On the other hand, if and when the product is released and the rest of the game is free (or extrememly discounted) then it would be a thumbs up.**EDIT** In case the developer's reply/comment is missed, the full game is given to those who pay for early access.  And that's pretty cool.The game is intriguing.   But if you're a frugal type, you may well be disappointed with what you get for your monies worth.  On the other hand, if you don't mind spunking a tenner and have a little bit of time to kill then give it a go.It's neither a thumbs up, or a thumbs down.  But, if I had to pick one (and I do)..."
,Recommended,261530,10929551,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"The atmosphere is beautiful, Good game controls, I loved the different parts of the planet. I wish i was able to take a 15 year exploration on another planet, too lazy to walk everywhere, so i'll be an astronaut in a hoverround Kappa. The story is confusing SPOILERS:So he goes into the cosmos to come back 200 years and check up on his wife, but he acted like he didnt know the russians were there? I didnt understand why the russians were apart of the story. They died trying to explore or make a new home for themselves, but why?I'll admit i didnt read all of the logs and thats probably why i dont understand half of it. but i was trying to get the 4h playthrough achievement. So please excuse me from that. But wondering around is quiet and fun. The land is limited, so after one playthrough theres really nowhere else to explore. Its big but invis walls, Anyways its worth the buy."
,Recommended,261530,10368448,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,im just your typical pharmabro,"the word ""atmosphere"" gets to a whole new level with this game 10000000000/10"
76561197999111837,Not Recommended,261530,25629732,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,carlpalmner,"I'm not sure why so many people are recommending this game.  Here's what I found:1. Poor graphics.  It's odd to see so many people praising the visuals in this game, since...well, they just kind of suck.  We're talking about low-poly terrain with ugly textures.  And since the world is a barren wasteland, there's not a lot of interesting detail, either--which would be fine if the wasteland itself were pretty, but like I said, low-poly terrain and ugly textures.2. Frustratingly bad controls.  Somehow the character manages to move too fast for precision and too slow for transversing the game's ridiculously huge distances.  Strafing is awkward since the character seems to try to both strafe and turn at the same time, resulting in really awkward mouse-and-keyboard combination movement.  It also makes precision movement very difficult in areas where you have to, for example, land on or move around on a tiny platform.3. Dumb puzzles.  The first one is made artificially difficult by the terrible controls, but it essentially involves moving a single boulder to a single place.  The second one is of the ""find a needle in a haystack"" variety, where you're given half of a code for very little effort and then have to do the 3d equivalent of a pixel hunt to find the other half.  It also makes no real logical sense that the code is split into two pieces in the first place.  Maybe the puzzles get more interesting later, but I'm not willing to keep dealing with the terrible controls and ugly graphics long enough to find out.4. Pretty much no music.  This is especially important since so much of the game is just wandering from place to place.  Dear Esther and Everyone's Gone to the Rapture, for example, had very appropriate atmospheric music (also much better visuals).5. An interesting story concept and mystery that would be intriguing if it weren't for all the aforementioned flaws.  That's the only thing I could see that this game has to offer.I honestly feel ripped off, and I got this game for ten bucks."
,Recommended,261530,29221027,Posted: 13 January,all,twitch.tv/djslate,Lifeless Planet is a short but solid puzzle platformer.I wasn't expecting to like this game but I found myself actually engaded while playing it. Which is pretty hard for me to be.The storyline was basic but engaging. The most fun was using the jetpack though. Being able to propel yourself all over the place is great.
,Recommended,261530,28824934,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Andi,"Lifeless Planet is essentially a walking simulator with a few puzzles thrown in.  Oh, and there are a lot of jumps... A LOT OF JUMPS.  I don't mean a couple dozen jumps and your done, NO.  You will be jumping throughout the entire game, which gets old very fast.  Other than that, this is a decent game.  It won't win any awards but it will keep you busy for awhile.The graphics are fairly well done, however, the atmosphere and the scenery are a bit bland.  The saving grace is that it changes throughout the game.  The few puzzles that do exist are well constructed and well thought out, nothing too difficult.  The best part of this game is the story.  It's an engaging mystery that slowly reveals itself as you progress through the game.There are only two things wrong with Lifeless Planet.  First, as I previously mentioned, are the jumps.  Far to many of them.  Second, the price.  At the time of this review, Lifeless Planet is selling for $19.99.  It's a short game, in my opinion, and should sell for about $9.99, tops.So if you want to buy this game, I suggest you do so when it goes on sale, as I did."
76561198124340356,Recommended,261530,10424317,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,gstukof,Brutal... Amazing... Out of this World! A must Have!
,Recommended,261530,10435812,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,LTg,"I've played a lot of indie games in my time, and I came into this game looking for some open exploring, puzzle solving, and a bit of a story. What I found was a lot more then I paid for.This game offers a unique story, interesting and fun puzzles, great music, and a fantastic story. From start to end it should take you no longer then  3 - 6 hours, however don't let that stop you from buying it. This game will immense you from start to finish, it will pull you into it, and you will play through.The voice acting and feel the two characters give is a real one, not something that you will find in a lot of indie games. It's not Call of Duty or Skyrim, it's really a genre of its' own, and at times it can feel like a mixture of Amensia, Portal, and Half Life. I highly recommend this game to any and all players who are looking for something to spend a weekend night with a beer, and a need for adventure, this game will surely make you believe.... You are on a lifeless planet."
,Recommended,261530,10454006,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Quaidd,"Very fun game, great atmosphere and story line. Overall the puzzles weren't that challanging, but the game kept me enganged the whole time regardless."
,Recommended,261530,9415722,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,An Agreed Upon Price,"Fun game but I got stuck at the second tesla when you had to put the green rock inside. I put it with the arm but i still couldnt turn on the power, and when i tried to re-put the rock it i could no longer grab the rock, But awesome game regardless"
76561198013451466,Recommended,261530,9612980,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,boisdegilbert,"Never played Beta so I don't know the drill.Looks fascinating. I'm very into exploring, not so much gameplay.Would love to reset controls on keyboard as it is awkward now, very frustrating to fail at simple tasks because of that.Would help if I could save game.Look forward to the de-bugged version."
76561197970853225,Recommended,261530,9385870,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,wraith_3d,Excellent!  I was sad when the Beta Demo ended so abruptly...  looking forward to continuing the story!
76561198006110444,Recommended,261530,9401435,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,kevinjlombardi,"Nice Atmosphere. Intriguing. I purchased 3 games today but only got to play one. I got sucked in for the duration, 2 hours maybe?  It terminates early so I'm looking forward to the finished product."
,Recommended,261530,9401758,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,kart00ner,The atmosphere in this game is spot on. It really draws you into the world and beckons you to explore (even if there's a linear path to progress the story).Can't wait until the full release.
76561198036237289,Recommended,261530,9403065,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,CaptainCarter,"Wow...I mean, wow! This is a very impressive game, beta or not, I am very psyched that I bought this on early access.  The level of detail in this title is really nice. Hats off to the dev...one person only is doing all this?  Nice job, and thank you for this intriguing glimpse into the early access of Lifeless Planet.  I love the engine, you can feel the atmosphere in this game, it is almost palpable.  I like the oxygen mechanic...I had some frantic moments making a dash for the nearest reaupply point.The environment is amazing, I love the look of the world, and having multiple places to be able to get to, and explore, is a nice reward.  I eagerly await further developments, and contiunued exploration, of the Lifeless Planet.  One last thought, as i played, I wondered if what this engine could do for a game based on H.P. Lovecrafts's ""At The Mountainsa of Madness""...I mean the terrain and views, with the ambient background music....man, I would love to see that, and I think this engine could do that story wonders.....snow covered peaks, footprints, and caves.  Bring on the shoggoth!  Anyway, great game, I look forward to updates.  Great game and excellent storyline from what I have seen so far, thanks for a great atmospheric exploration!"
76561198032682374,Recommended,261530,9385746,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,duigna,"Wow, just wow.No bugs on the first 2 hours of gameplay not bad. I don't think i've ever seen an atmospheric game that is so encompassing. Can't wait for the rest."
,Recommended,261530,9418684,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,smokierfive,Game is great so far! Pretty creepy feel when inside that lab. Music goes great with each scene! Can't wait for finished product! Great job!
,Recommended,261530,9701241,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Tazmaniac,"Very interesting start to the game.  Much less tedious the most adventure games.  The graphics were intriguing  and the jumping was not bad, and really kind of fun once I figured out how to use the jetpack.  Movement control of the character is fairly easy and well designed.  The plot is revealed slowly and keeps you wanting more.  At this price it's definitely worth a try.  Makes me want to try adventure games again."
,Recommended,261530,9760029,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dunecat,"I love this game. It's got a great vibe. I really can't wait to veg-out on the full release.-------- UPDATE --------The full game was pretty damn satisfying. It's perfect for a sci-fi fan like me. I got sucked in to the story fast and wasn't ready for it to end when it was over. I did get stuck in a crevice or between some roots a couple or three times and had to restart a checkpoint, but other than that it was a glitch free experience. It's so well done, I'm really impressed."
76561198037108372,Recommended,261530,9467487,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mr.Chose,"Actually the game is realy not bad, the grafic, the atmosphere is good, But you can play the game just to the third level (Reserche Complex or Factory). Then in this third level you become just an black screen and the flashlight you must use in this level bring nothing. But i would it recommend.sry about my enghlish..."
76561198079848854,Recommended,261530,9468287,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,tenchigeek,I really wonder when they expect the full game to be out its not gonna take another year is it ?I thought the game was very enticing and exciting really want it to be out now.
,Recommended,261530,9599770,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mateen_Cleaves,"Possibly the most unique and enjoyable $12.00 I've spent on Steam.  I have NEVER enjoyed a single-player story-based game before in my life ... and after this beta, well, that's a sentence I can no longer claim ... because I LOVED this single-player story-based game.  :)Really hope the developer takes on a team of programmers and cranks this game into full gear.  Can't wait to see just more of the beta and story line.Don't hesitate to give this game a try."
,Recommended,261530,9639192,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,SdKfz252,"This game was probably the most fun Ive had in an hour and a half. Sure there will be more gameplay, but that Demo was very fun to play. Some of the bugs was a slight bug after the lift mission in the Medical center, where if you jumped (And died stupidly (DEM ARMS, MAN, THEY ARE FREAKY)), you would regularly ragdoll, but then the camera would fix on the place where you died, so I had to restart the entire map. Otherwise, a really good game.9/10 Will wait anxiously for more content."
76561198080867151,Recommended,261530,9691823,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,jtlerner,"When you buy this you have to know that it is approximately 2 hours worth of game play and then ends suddenly saying that it is a demo.  I didn't realize that and became really frusturated because I was totally into the game and wanted to know what happened next.  I did read in the reviews that once the final game comes out anyone buying this early beta version will get a copy of the game so it made it worth it to me, it would have been helpful to clarify that prior to buyig it because initally I was pretty upset.Anyway, if you like COD you may not like this one.  It is a bit slower paced but a very good story and a lot to explore!  I advise to play in the dark with a headset!"
,Recommended,261530,9758705,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SpoopZorp,This game is pretty good. It is not an exploration/sandbox type game so in case you dont read the description be ready for that. I think u should get this game its hard to describe but its good so yeah...
,Recommended,261530,9673119,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Meatshield,"Fantastic game. The gameplay really leads you to focus on the story and character. Seems the developers really understood how to add a bit of suspense to this. I was dissapointed when the game had to end so soon, I didn't really want it to stop, I wanted to know more. It was like watching a good episode of the Twilight Zone or a mystery novel. I really appreciate a game that can make me feel that way."
76561198060486488,Recommended,261530,9757935,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Elmntry,"Dear Dev,Let us know how to help!  This a a great game already, and as one other reviewer said, my 10 minute games turn into 2 hour games.  I didn't see any outstanding bugs, but I did notice my framerate jumping quite a bit.Love the timeless gameplay, exploration, and well thought out puzzles."
,Recommended,261530,9793826,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,oldburrito,"This is the sort of game that gets me going. Great atmosphere and after a play through of the early access build, I am hooked waiting for the full release.I spent a lot of time checking out the side parts within the world, yet I still feel as if I havn't quite seen all there is to see yet - and thats only in the first 6 stages.All in all - fantastic game."
76561197996344943,Recommended,261530,9898506,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,jezgrant1976,Totally engrossed and can't wait to play the finished game...Great atmosphere and a very engaging story. Give it a go you'll be hooked and wanting more...
76561198137463282,Recommended,261530,10426066,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,NotAvailable,"Okay it is a good game. And there are several factors that makes it a good game. First of all, the first impression was that it looks a lot like the game ""journey"". But the game itself is very different to it. The scenery, audio, story and etc its all good. But all the logs seems to get deleted after saving and exiting. I came back to play it again, but all the information I have gathered has beed erased... Now I am not very far into the game and do not know how this will effect me from progressing but I just thought everything would be there. It is not like I can go back and collect it again.Nonetheless it is a interesting game, with a touch of mystery and horror? in it. It certainly captures the audiences with the vast environments and I look forward to seeing how the game unfolds...."
,Recommended,261530,10429999,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Oldskool1981uk,Absolutely amazing if i had known about this game sooner i would've donated to the project i really enjoyed playing this title amazing work was done on this very well done would recommend to anyone.
76561198035239764,Recommended,261530,10433742,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Oodles of Noodles,"Man, that was fun. Lifeless Planet, a short indie game about exploring a sister planet to Mars and uncovering secrets, was probably some of the most interesting time I've spent at my laptop. For the basics; voice acting = 10/10, physics 8/10, graphics 9/10 and plot 11/10.I don't usually get all gooey over small game like this but the story was so well built up that at the end, I was getting goosebumps when everything came together. It's fairly cheap I think, so spend a bit to have your mind blown.On top of being an outstanding single player game, it has a lot of replay ability. The game seems to have been built around exploration and excavation since you can search for mineral samples and research sites to get a better understanding of the planet and all that.Again, do yourself a favor and pick this up.Overall rating 9/10.Not a 10 because there were a few puzzles that seemed pointlessly difficult."
76561198100897162,Recommended,261530,10437865,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,reaper3bot0,"Lifeless planet... Lifeless... Well the visual is definately breath taking. There are parts thou where the game is simply pitch black on my screen would of been great to have a gamma option or some sort of options in the options cuz the brighten dark does absolutely nothing. The game definately did breath some life back into this gamer. But the disapointing ending took it all away. The amount of bugs I encountered were 3. A memory crash, game itself froze, and a issue where I went the wrong way and it saved by itself and stole my extended jet pack boost and I had to restart. The story is great. One of the best story's I have had in a game for a while. I was expecting more thou. I think this game would be super if it had some kind of replayability or multiplayer. All in all It was too short of a game and due to lack of replayability I only give this game a 6 out of 10."
76561198112748455,Recommended,261530,9762283,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,marmorservices,I was just getting going when the beta version ended.  Many of the scenes shown on the video were not in the game.  I know that the price was low but I was expecting more bang for my buck.  What I did get was fun.
,Recommended,261530,9774519,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mr Sugarloaf,A game with a lot potential! It has a great story and the gameplay (minus the jerky controls) is very good. I think there could be more depth to story as there is a lot of just walking around. Other than that I cannot wait until the full release! :)
,Recommended,261530,10377997,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Tako,"This little gem is an amazing experience. There are no action sequences and the puzzles aren't really hard, but the whole atmosphere, voice-acting, music, story etc. are just great. You run (or walk) around on this fascinating planet and as the journey goes on, more and more details are revealed to you.I loved every minute of it and really recommend it to everyone, who is into great sci-fi stories."
,Recommended,261530,10429065,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Tarn IV,"BETA REVIEW: It's a good 3D puzzle platformer, there are better ones out there, but what really gets you into it are the mysterious story and the beautiful landscapes. It does have a good mix of easy and more challenging puzzles, that you kind of have to think about, and has multiple facets in which the puzzles are based around so as to add variety. The current beta is rather short (around 30-80 minutes depending on how fast you go), and ends on a bit of a clifhanger, so if you are looking to play the full game right now, you can't, but once it is released, you can, and the beta is cheaper than the full game will be when released, so get it now and enjoy what is currently implemented, and make sure to give your feedback to the author- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -FULL RELEASE REVIEW: If you just read the beta review, then you saw how much I looked forward to seeing the end product of the game, and now that its here, I must say I am rather dissapointed actually. The beta levels had such rich atmosphere and mystery, and they had so much promise, but after I passed through that green door on June 6th, eager to play through the rest of the game, the mystery just fell apart, and took the game with it. I would forgive these if it wasn't for the $20 price tag. The game is too small, and, as just stated, falls apart after the beautifully crafted beta levels, to be priced at $20. I still recommend the game to cold war fans, platformer fans, and to people just looking for a nice fun game to spend a few hours in, just wait for a sale, I could justify $10 on this."
76561198081000667,Recommended,261530,10436798,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LegendKiller97,"Wow! The atmosphere in this game is simply amazing. I have to say this is one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played.You feel pretty helpless all by yourself on this vast abandoned planet as you slowly uncover the story of this planet and it's inhabitants.The music and voice acting is really good, nothing to complain here!"
,Recommended,261530,9888250,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Rye Bread,"Very nice art style. Very atmospheric. I really loved what I played. This is advertised as a game in progress but what I played was an hour long demo for 13 dollars. I do not regret buying it because I am excited to see it advance, but I am very hesitant to recommend others to buy the game as it is now (April 2014). Only buy this if you are really excited about supporting the dev(s?)."
76561198066894030,Recommended,261530,10116273,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,awagner1440,"Holy smoke, they definaly got the atmo down, it realy does feel like your on a lifeless planet (no pun intended).  Aside from some frame rate issues in the begining due to me having an older module computer (and the wrong setting  :S ), and tiny glitches; I found this to be an awsome game."
,Recommended,261530,10226326,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,castorquinn,"In BriefLifeless Planetis speculative science-fiction in the form of an alien world across which you trek in search of answers.Most valuable resource- Gripping story.Of interest to:- those who find classic science-fiction and speculation about other planets exciting.Since experiencing the entire game I can say that all the promise of the Early Access demo was completely realised.  The story became even more engaging, the lifeless planet even more mysterious.  The resolution was satisfying.It is difficult to classify this game without underselling it.  There is a great sense of exploration, like you are really trekking across an alien landscape, but the landscape itself - though it sometimes doesn't feel it - is very linear.  You have to learn to jet from ledge to ledge, but it's not really a platformer - even though there were two points in the game where I had to reattempt a jump repeatedly to get it right.Although there are puzzles, don't approach Lifeless Planet as a puzzle game in the style of Myst et al, because the puzzles here are really there to emphasise the alien wonder of the place, not to challenge.  On that front the alien nature of this place is well thought out, cohesive and, looking back, with all the information, absolutely realistic, even though as you progress it is hard to see where all this is going.No, what this is is an exploration of an idea of what life could be like on other planets, and all the rest is the vehicle necessary to take us on that journey.  From that perspective it is very well executed, both technically and as a story.  The game is beautiful and stark and alien, the plot is perfectly paced, and the experience is deep and engaging.  When you stumble across the journal of someone who was here before you, you spend the next part of your journey pondering the meaning of their words until the planet throws something new at you you distract you, perfectly bridging the human story and the story of planetary exploration.You can complete the game in one sitting of about three to five hours depending on how long you marvel at the scenery and how much time you spend thinking on the things you find.  There's not a lot of replayability here, as with most narrative games, but it feels the perfect length, with no padding and nothing skimmed over in too little detail.One word of caution: I would advise ignoring the achievements, as hunting them can break your immersion.  If they come organically, they come, although several won't unless you do things completely unnatural given the circumstances, like loitering for a long time at a location where there is no reason to loiter.Early Access review:Beautiful and evocative and mysterious.  Just be aware that it cuts off rather abruptly at a certain point when things are just getting really interesting, as that's as far as this early access game has been developed at this point.  Still very much worth a quick play though, even in its trunctated form, as apparently more elements will be added to the game so far, as well as its continuation."
76561197986487485,Recommended,261530,9881860,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,mmason_az99,"As a direct participant during the Cold War era, this brought back a ton of memories for me. And, when a game like this comes along and is able to capture the attention of my 16 year old Halo-playing gamer son, you know you've got something special. If you're a fan of indie games such as Journey, you'll love this gem. The visuals are stunning in a minimalist manner, and even my poor little Lenovo i3 G560 can handle the graphics, albeit at the lower settings.  The in-game music is orchestrated beautifully.  The splash of Russian language (translated by your Holoreader of course) combined with the narrative of our hero adds to the desperate overtones and mystery behind what happened to the intrepid adventurers.  As this is just the Beta, you can expect much more in its final form which is hopefully just around the corner.  I highly recommend this game, and congratulate Mr. Board on a job very well done."
76561198055225210,Recommended,261530,10116616,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,BustedVinyls,Explore a mysterious foreign planet with a tiny little man in a space suit? Sign me up...
76561198081092621,Recommended,261530,10197130,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,fizzshizz,I didnt want this game to end. Love it so far. Keep up the good work.
,Recommended,261530,10237120,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,martin.s.stoller,"Early access version: Got really hooked on this - the end is a great cliffhanger. At times, I would just stand on a hill and look around, listening to the sounds... Can't wait for either a next installmanet or the full version :)"
,Recommended,261530,10401945,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Lone Wolf,"the game has no fighting, no fast paced running through with bullets flying. its simply you, alone, on a planet, trying to stay alive. this game does the feeling of being alone better than any game ive ever plaied."
76561198039925664,Recommended,261530,10423960,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ILLITERATE,"The good - beautiful scenery, interesting puzzles. Definitely a lot of thought and effort went into designing it.The bad - a fair amount of nearly impossible jumps (which is one of my gaming pet peeves), Linear and not much replayability.That being said, I still think that this is a good purchase. I purchased it for $19.99, but, if I had to do it again, I wouldn't go above $9.99."
76561197970670724,Recommended,261530,10429033,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[TKR]Ziliztra,"This game left me abit ambivalent.The gamplay in itself was not something that really impressed me, as I often got stuck in small holes or creaves from wich I could not get up, this would not have been a bad thing if the game was not a ""go and explore"" kind of game, and in such game there really should not be the posibility of getting stuck in holes that are barely your own height.Then there are the times where you need to do special tings such as use your atachable claw, if you are not standing in the exact right spot it will not activate, even if it tells you that you can activate it.Then there is the story, and oh boy that is really where this game shines. First of all the game is really good at creating the atmosphere of you being alone on this enormous vast planet alone.The story is told by finding clues that all gives you hints, and for every clue you find you are left wanting to find more clues, so that you can figure out just what happend.This game in short is definately one of the best games I have played in quite a while, even though the gamplay is lacking the story and feeling the games gives you makes up for it in abundance."
,Recommended,261530,10488761,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bouture,"Cute exploration game. Could've been longer, used better/have better/more mechanics, but considering the nature of the game (a kickstarted project) I liked it very much. Exploring worlds is a rare opportunity and this one had enough intricacies to make me wanna know all about it.Here's to more game of this genre coming out.Took me 3-4 hours to clear as my first playthrough."
76561197962732776,Recommended,261530,10044189,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Bloom,"I discovered this game purely by accident. As a sci-fi fan I long for a game that can take me to unknown worlds and let me explore them and Lifeless Planet seemed to be that game.I immediately acquired the early access and was very satisfied to it's initial promise. Plus, doing a bit of research I discovered that one of the main influences for this game would be my favourite game of all time - Another World - that not only is an excellent sci-fi work but, most importantly and in my personal opinion, it holds until today the top spot on how game mechanics can help you deliver a superb narrative.And in did, on the early stages, the game delivers. The mystery starts to unravel at a good pace, the environments do a great job on setting a mood by first offering the familiarity, and at the same time the duality, of a world that can be either Earth like or Mars like, and then throwing you with a very interesting twist that finally launches the adventure.Here the problems start, as the game is unable to hold the standards of its good beginning. With landscapes becoming tiresome and the wonders of exploration diluted on unimaginative mechanics and intrusive narrative.Sadly the game never overcomes completely the said narrative and mechanics problems, but the world does gets better, with some excellent stages that made me connect again with my initial appeal for this game - I just wanted to feel like I was on another planet. Also, as you get to the latter stages, it manages to bring the narrative back to life and makes you realize that this could in fact be a much better game, but maybe due to inexperience it kind of get lost in it self.Still, despite the wasted potential, I say it's worth to buy. Specially to sci-fi fans like me that feel like videogames lack offer when it comes to sci-fi adventures. Also, on the science part, the attention to (exo)geology is really cool."
,Recommended,261530,10433233,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DragonFax,"I really enjoyed this game.It has the length I'm alway asking for from indie games on Steam. It took me about 7 hours to completed.The story isn't cliche but wraps things up nicely and is inventive.The game is rather linear, so you won't be randomly exploring. but they do a great job of making you feel like you are with the wildly varying environments, the expansive open spaces, and the constant legwork.Its has a few bugs but its far better than most indie games on release. And it runs really well on my old Macbook air. Most indie games are poorly optimized for the Macs. Controller support was a Plus as well.If you enjoy exploration heavy games like Miasmata then you'll probably enjoy this as well."
76561198051560115,Recommended,261530,10477557,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DreadExile,I was instantly imersed
,Recommended,261530,10775113,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TriggerMeElmo,"Awesome game! Really immersive, simple to follow, and a pretty cool concept."
,Recommended,261530,28332648,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,A great sci-fi adventure game from start to finish. Casual and relaxing. Quite linear but with enough exploration that it doesn't feel like you're being forced down an 8 hour long corridor. Superb stuff and a sci-fi must have for fans of the genre.
76561198034312185,Not Recommended,261530,30432542,Posted: 10 March,all,tetragami,"Meh. Half the plot is in the trailer and the other half is unremarkable at best and dull tropes at worst. There are very, very few rewards for ever going off the path and the path is long and uneventful. I can't stress how uneventful. For a game that sends you through endless winding ravines, they should have invested in textures for vertical surfaces. The vertically stretched ground textures look cheap.The voice acting is well done.If you're looking for exploration, compelling story, or unique game play, you should look elsewhere."
76561198186396395,Not Recommended,261530,16854402,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Spiderdust8,"I don't feel engaged by this game. It looks somewhat nice and it has some interesting sci-fi ideas but I can't get over its inability to tell a story. I just reached a point in the game where my character remarks on what to him look like one type of entities that were engulfed by root creatures. But all I saw were knarly trunks that didn't take any distinguishable shape. The game also has jarringly brief and tense cutscenes that, due to their brevity, drop you back into gameplay before you have finished taking in what you just saw. And then, for some reason, sound affects seem to prefer being mostly in the right channel. And the game relies on awful 3D jumping puzzles. They stop the game pacing when you keep blowing a jump because of unpredictable momemtum. Final complaint is about the broken menus. Why, for a game listed as having full controller support does it stop responding to the controller? Seriously, I have to go back to keyboard just to close up the main menu. The game feels like a game library in the hands of an inexperienced game designer."
76561198067904874,Recommended,261530,12469262,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Basilt,"Lifeless PlanetAfter reading some of the reviews for this game I wasn't sure if it would be any good, but when it went on sale I decided to pick it up, and I'm pretty glad I did. The game is based around you and your spacecraft crash landing on a deserted planet, which you thought would be full of life, and then attempting to search for answers on what had happened there. Throughout the entire game you're going to basically be following a path that the game has laid out for you, and at times this can get boring but for the most part it's okay because you are going to constantly be faced with platform challenges, deadly plant enemies, puzzles, amazing sights to see, and hidden mineral collectibles along the way. Lifeless Planet also has alot of variety in its stages and each new ""level"" will have a different look to keep things fresh. Some stages are bright, some are dark, foggy, windy, hot environments, cold environments, overgrown plants, hot springs, huge cliffs, forests, deserts, ect. This game kept me playing becuase I really wanted to find out what would happen to my character on this terrible planet and how the story ended. It obviously isn't perfect, but overall I'd recommend it.6 - 10"
,Recommended,261530,23421097,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[GW] ozzi,"Enjoyed it... But one has to be of a certain type of person to like such games.It got tedious and repetitive at about 3/4, otherwise it was nice to do some exploring.Not worth 19$, my recommendation: wait for it to be on sale and then get it."
76561197972347513,Recommended,261530,10384491,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bad_Habitz,"Love this game its original, fun,out of this world so to speak, and great to play"
,Recommended,261530,10428682,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Shadrach,"Lifeless Planet is an original and interesting game, with some lovely scenery and great music. The length is about 7-8 hours and consists of walking around, exploring and moving the story forward in bits, as well as solving puzzles, mostly of the jumping (and somewhat annoying) kind.I could have done without the lengthy and dull underground sections with a lot of jumping in the dark, they could easily have been cut down a lot without losing anything important.Still recommend the game for its originality and the otherwordly vistas to encounter during the game, as well as the music which is stunning."
76561198131765119,Recommended,261530,29987770,Posted: 17 February,all,Crys1s,"A very nice exploration game with a great ""atmosphere"". I liked it a lot...I definitely recommend it!p.s. If you liked this game, then you would love The Solus Project!"
,Recommended,261530,25853002,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Damien_Dedalus,"8/10The atmosphere sucks you in and gives you the creepy feeling of being somewhere you definitely shouldn't. But at the same time, the need to explore and know more about what happened to this deserted landscape with some kind of previous habitation will drive you to check out every corner that this lifeless planet has.The story is very very interesting and the climax is worth finishing this game."
,Recommended,261530,14334350,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,GatthewMore,"Amazing, unique game! Played straight through the entire game in one day!!!!!!!!!! I have never played anything like this, stunning visuals, cryptic yet intriguing story, amazingly fun jetpack segments! A must play"
,Not Recommended,261530,24582735,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Stacelaser,"This game felt like it had a lot of potential with its premis but I'd describe it as subpar for what it could have been. The entire game felt somewhat incomplete. The graphics felt incomplete and muddy. The story wasn't terribly dynamic. The voice acting was awkward and either a) underused or b) somewhat reduntant to the written pieces. The controls were functional but not good. A very unpolished game.Honestly, there are so many atmospheric games along this genre, just play one of those. This one has a cool premis and great music but that's it. You can find that elsewhere and more."
,Recommended,261530,10308388,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Max,"very good game, but some frame rate lag at moments. Wonderful game!"
,Recommended,261530,23694178,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,IG88Assassin,"This was a great game. The walking mechanics were tedious, but the story was just entertaining enough to keep me going. The ending unfortunately left me unfulfilled. Nonetheless a good game. Worth the price and time."
,Recommended,261530,11575904,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Onomato,"I have had the pleasure to play this game for the last two days and I am not disappointed. I'll try to make this review as good as I possibly can.Lifeless Planet sends the player into an unknown world full of mysteries and puzzles to solve. You play as an astronaut (whose name I have sadly already forgotten), who was sent to a planet far away from earth. After having spent 15 years in a spaceship, the protagonist finally arrives at the already described destination but is quickly confronted with a problem: a lack of oxygen. This is where the game starts.My first impression: It looks nice. I have always been a fan of games showing an atmosphere that sticks with you for a while. This game probably is one of them, since it never ceases to amaze the player with nice-looking surroundings. Another aspect I really love about this game is the music and its voiceacting, whereas I would have loved to have more of both. The player gets to listen to small pieces of a conversation between the protagonist and a woman from time to time which I always thought were interesting. They give a small insight on the astronaut's past. The Russian audiologs were very cool as well. (9/10 for the audio. 10/10 if there had been more)The astronaut soon discovers a Russian village and - of course - can't believe his eyes and thus believes that he is back on earth and that he has been played a trick on. From this point on the player moves from one area to another, which usually are connected to each other by small puzzles. The already mentioned audiologs and documents help the player to understand where he is and what has happened. Not too much time in the game and you are confronted with a female inhabitant, living on the planet you are walking on. Your main aim from now on is to follow her and to try to get some answers to the many questions that are still open. Don't worry, at the end none of them should be left.The story was interesting to follow. At first I did not expect the documents to be able to tell a whole story, but now - after having played the game - I can say that I didn't have any problems understanding the plot. I find it very well thought out and would thus give it a 9/10.The graphics are beautiful. Of course, you can't compare it to other newer titles or the Crysis games, but that's not what the game developers tried to go for anyway. I was positively surprised by the many areas you walk through and are able to (partly) discover. It varies from a desert-like landscape to glaciers, waterfountains, lava, forests, and much, much more. Designing these many arials must require creativity which this game sure didn't lack of. The graphics fit the game just well, so I'll give it a 8/10Gameplay. That's where Lifeless Planet doesn't hold up to the price it is being sold for. I wouldn't say that it was not fun for me to play, not at all. There are many repetitive parts and puzzles which you usually soon get the hang of, but the different surroundings and dangerous, creepy traps made it a new experience every time. Nevertheless, most of it was rather easy to solve and I never really found myself in a situation, where I had to think for more than 5 minutes in order to find the solution for a problem. A big part of the game consists of jumping from platform to platform which - once you have required the extra boost for your jetpack - is really fun. The controls were the average ones which were not a problem for me (thus giving them a 10/10), whereas some other people have complained about them being too sloppy or unprecise when doing long jumps. All in all the gameplay could have been a lot better by adding a greater variety of puzzles and missions to solve, but the surroundings made up for it and I often caught myself simply exploring what there was - even though most of the times there was nothing worth to see expect a collectible mineral. 6/10It took me about 7 hours to play through the whole game, but I really tried to take a look at everything instead of rushing through one area to the next one. In another review someone had written, the author said that the game was too short and that the achievement for the first playthrough being under 4 hours was too easy. Well, I have to disagree. You can get many more hours out of it when really looking for the minerals (which are worth two achievements too by the way) and exploring hills and buildings. I believe that 7 hours for a 10€ game is a good deal.Let's come to an end. I definitely recommend playing Lifeless Planet when you are someone who doesn't need highend graphics or a moment of action every five minutes. This game is - in my opinion - made for people who are patient, who like to take their time and who focus on music and sound, because that's where the game scores. It sometimes reminded me and can be compared to a game like ""Journey"" on the PlayStation. It is worth 10€, but I probably wouldn't buy it for the original price, which is 20€.I hope this review convinced you to either buy or not buy this game. Thank you for reading.P.S.: The game scared me at some points. It was all good and fun though. :)"
,Not Recommended,261530,27781402,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ozzyoscy,"Nothing really happens, and the walking and jumping is overkill.It's 4-5 hours, so if the game had half the amount of walking/jumping that would've at least condensed it down to a few hours and made it a bit more enjoyable.You can only give a thumbs up or down rather than a score, so to say I don't recommend it at all seems a bit harsh because by the end I was kinda ok with it. Just every time there was one or two jumping/walking areas too many."
,Not Recommended,261530,30015973,Posted: 18 February,all,Night Nord,"The problem with this game is that it is story driven. But it lacks story. Like at all - not even bad story, it simply does not have anyWhat you get here is merely a theme park you walk/run through, a museum of random ideas, images and references mashed together in apprenent attempt to create ""mystical"" and ""multilayered"" story. The game tries so hard to get many meanings that it fails to get even one. Most of things you will see has no point, no connection to other things (aside of exteremly vague secondary associations, that will only appear if you have read and know well enough Aelita novel by A.Tolstoy. And even then, game had to literally point you out to that novel for you to even start recognising references.The thing that is called story here makes no stance on anything. It does not tell anything. Even main hero adventure on those planet rapidly degrades into total mess leaving you confused, scratching your head and thinking ""what the hell was that?"". And later on ""and what was the point of all that?"" because all weird stuff to happen will neven ever get any development.The only thing that is somewhat resembles a story is overhead out-of-screen portions of interview (you have heard half of it in the trailer) that reflects on the main hero story, but it is not every interesting (because you the main hero is just a walking suit with little-to-no personality you will find hard to care about) and yes, made into mess by making totally pointless and never developed references to the game content.So it lacks story and it was meant to lack pretty much everything else, including gameplay (it is slightly more complex version of Dear Easher and similar, gameplay wise), so yeah. But even here it manages to get annoying by horrible level design, especially closer to the end. Things like ""if you die, you will respawn at last checkpoint facing the WRONG direction"" (and keep in mind that many locations are quite barren and look-alike, so it is easy to get lost there) are true gems."
,Not Recommended,261530,33721969,Posted: 22 July,all,HutchinsonPtrck,"3/10 - Promising setting falls flat due to tiring gameplay | Suggestion: 3-5 EuroThough the description of this game may sound very entriguing, 'Lifeless Planet' is a game that requires you to have a lot of patience and tolerance; Though this is to be expected when playing walking simulators, this game doesn't produce any type of eagerness for you to venture on, the traits that make games like these great all fall flat: There's no captivating atmosphere, no beautiful terrain to be walking through, voice and sound are tiring, not even the promsing storyline manages to keep you going for all to long due to the near stagnant pacing of this game.Additionaly, controls feel faulty and imprecise, the menu looks cheap.Though this review is thoroughly negative, there's no doubt others may majorly enjoy this game based on other reviews, but personally, it was an experience to forget.[I do realise that I've hardly played any of this game, these are my experiences leading to me not wanting to continue.]"
76561197990360644,Recommended,261530,26022439,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GAURANGA,"This game is an easy-going and relaxing one.Just a misterious story movie which you're part of.Nice ambience, atmosphere and music.I feel happy to ""hear"" this story on my screen from the start to the very end."
76561198159782173,Recommended,261530,20252638,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,athanasy,"Great idea, the simulator kept me going and even made me read the documents!! I enjoyed it both visually and emotianally - sweet stuffLooking forward to new games from you"
,Recommended,261530,24664301,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hathor,"Alright, I really enjoyed this game.  A lot.  It's everything I would want in an indie sci-fi.The positives are that it really genuinely feels like an alien planet and the atmosphere is really good.  The music really worked well for me.  I enjoyed the story.Now, if you're expecting this to be a AAA game with Crysis level graphics you may be disappointed.  But from what I understand this was a kickstarter game and mostly developed by one person over the course of a few years.  So keep that in mind before reading too much into some of the less positive reviews.This is more of a platforming game than a walking simulator.  The puzzles are pretty straightforward and easy.  If you get stuck it usually just requires a bit of backtracking or paying closer attention to stuff.  I didn't have too much trouble with it.People say the game is short, but it felt reasonably long to me.  Dunno if it has a lot of replay value.Minor nitpick is that the transitions between levels are not at all seamless, you end one level it like hard cuts to a different area where it doesn't seem like it's all that connected to the previous level.  It may be daytime in one level, then when the next level starts it's suddenly nighttime.The textures are a bit low resolution and sometimes feel a bit dated.  It may not satisfy you if you expect photorealism.  It feels like it might be a bit older of a game at times because of this.  It's fine for an indie game.Overall I just had a lot of fun and I can recommend this to sci-fi fans, especially if it's on sale.  Although it does have some tense moments, it isn't that fast-paced for the most part, definitely more exploratory.  So it may not appeal to you if you enjoy twitchy games where timing matters a lot."
,Not Recommended,261530,24984826,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Talisman,"Lifeless Planet is unfortunately a game thay lived up to its title. Lifeless. Dull. Uninteresting. Which is quite a shame, as it looked very promising all the way up to the second fourth of the story. After that, the puzzles start to feel repetitive, the platforming gets mind numbing, and the story falls on its face. Honestly, the story was the most damning part. Specifically, it tripped on its boring plot twist and landed on its face in an anticlimactic ending that felt unfulfilling. If I can give this game points, the story up until the plot twist/villain reveal was amazing. They knew how to set up everything. Which is exactly why the mediocreness the rest of the game displayed makes this game feel unfulfilling. It created a mysterious and scary atmosphere splendidly. It felt open when it needed to and claustrophobic at the right moments. But then it feels like they tacked on everything afterwards almost like an afterthought. It also doesn't really have any replayability for such a short game. I finished the story in 6 hours! This game wasn't awful, but it was very unsatisfying."
76561198192959906,Recommended,261530,21218789,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Alpha-Breeze,"Very fun, adventurous! Great levels! Needs little fixing some areas like: Save points at times leave you in odd respawn areas. Also if you click new game by mistake entire play will be lost. Wish it had true saves by user and to spawn exactly at that save point. Also wish it had saved thumbnail images of game play as you progress along so you could go back to any save if you want to explore or show someone. Other than that, play was great and I do hope there is a part 2 in the works! A+ on the game."
76561197995092827,Recommended,261530,11925444,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,o.O_Überman_O.o,"I took a chance onLifeless Planetand came to discover that I actually liked exploration games.  I'm guessing the poor Metacritic score is from shoot-em-up, high-action reviewers, so if you like this kind of game, don't pay attention to it.The slow pace, atmosphere and story was interesting and immersive.  Admittedly, the puzzles were not head-scratchers (I only had problems understanding what I needed to do during the volcano segment), but I actually found that to be a plus to the game.  I think had they put in really difficult puzzles, it would have detracted from the other game elements.There were some elements that really didn't seem to be necessary to the game or story (like the oxygen-refill stations).  However, that aside, I did quite enjoy this title.  I would give it a solid 7/10."
76561197973562680,Not Recommended,261530,14699543,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Latro,"Hmm, The story (and music) are the best parts of the game, actually more of a nostalic love peom than a story. but this is what kept me going; I wanted to find out what happened. However, I never really got sucked into the story the way I did with 'Ethan Carter', 'Dragon Age' or even 'Darksiders'. Many questions are left unanswered as well.The background music was good and would occcasionally pique my interest but never be obtrusive.Visually, 'Lifeless Planet' is ..lifeless, and that is a shame as this game begs for some stunning vistas. Alas, I found the landscape dreary, monotonous and cartoonish. Comic book graphics in this type of game were OK 12 to 15 years ago. Today, something like the visuals of 'Dear Esther', 'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter', or 'Talos Principle'/Serious Sam would have added a couple of notches to the game.I felt the gameplay was unimaginative, dated, tedious. No puzzles that you would call puzzles just endless jumping, jumping and oh, don't forget jumping. Trying to find the right angle for a jump is not a puzzle, it can become an irritant however, and is used by some developers to merely extend game time.And a quick game it is, most will finish well within 8 hours with no replay value.I payed $19 and feel ripped; this should be a $5-$7 game.Overall 65 out of a 100. Worth playing but so much potential was missed. By the way, don't bother exploring, there is nothing to find.I don't recommend at $19, under $10, maybe"
,Not Recommended,261530,14263434,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Rocky,"Have you ever been given a box of cookies from a loved one, and the first 4 bites go down and ""Mmmmm, cookies! Hmm.. raisins.. and I think who made this forgot a bit of sugar, but that's okay, they're special cookies.""  Then you get full on cookies for a bit and put them away for the time being.You come back to the cookies the next day cause you remembered a bit of delight there, and you want to show appreciation for the giver by finishing the box.  But man they gave you lots of cookies, and they're starting to get a bit stale - and even blander.Weeks past, and you begin to loathe that box of cookies sitting on your counter... staring at you to finish it. You want to finish it, to keep that guilty feeling away - the guilt of stating ""Oh I finished them, thanks!"" when you really just threw the rest away because YOU CANT DO IT ANYMORE.This."
76561197971123971,Recommended,261530,24518269,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CheesyMcCheese,A beautiful game if you have the patience for it. I loved the story and was enchanted by the planet and it's mysteries. It is primarily a walking simulator so if that's your thing you'll love it. Otherwise it might not be your cup of tea.
76561198022497251,Recommended,261530,11654408,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,dizman99,"Now this is a hell of a weird and bizarre game.  Technically well done, it contains several aspects of some game genres like action, platformer or adventure. The setting is really distopian mixed with a grain of melancholia. The story told is interesting, the game is not boring at any time.Its a 'must have' and has kult potential."
,Recommended,261530,11596515,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Jake_A,"The first trailer I saw for this game had me hooked and I enjoyed unraveling the mystery of the lifeless planet!  While the action is pretty minimal in this game, it makes up for it in atmosphere and the soundtrack.  My only gripes are the platforming occasionally feels a bit wonky and sometimes what you're supposed to do isn't very clear.  I only encountered this problem twice though.  Oh and sometimes between levels, it feels like I skipped a cutscene.  Although, I don't think it was the case.  The level transitions are just a bit jarring sometimes.  Anyway, have fun exploring and soaking it all in!"
76561198000260476,Recommended,261530,11600866,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BrokenPipe,"I loved it. Relaxing feel-good game. Great athmosphere where the soundrack, the speakers voice and the visual beauty combined with the harsh loneliness sucks you in. Dont be in a hurry to finish it, there are a lot of beauty to enjoy.My only complaint is that there is an end to it. I sure hope for a sequel."
,Recommended,261530,11604107,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Darksign13,"A facinating game, albet a bit short. I plowed through it in one play session lasting about 4 hours. It is very hard to put this game down once you take it up. The fact that the menu wouldn't let me hit ""Save and Quit"" for some reason was only a small contribution to my one shot playthrough.The story reminds me very much of the 50's though 70's era sci-fi books I loved to read as a kid, and while it is not the most challanging game (the hardest puzzle only took me a couple of minutes to solve, and the hardest challanges of navagation took me less than 10 tries), the storyline is definately enough to make this game worth playing.I would recomend this game to anyone who loves games that have a story to tell. If it's all about the dynamics, the visuals, or the killing for you, though, this probably isn't your game."
,Recommended,261530,11619408,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,st066by,"the game is really atmospheric...BUT...in the first 5 min of playing the game it crashed two times randomly from my point of view.first crash happend after a min of playtime ??second time the game chrashed for me after reaching the ""third station"" while exploringthe planet, so i am really about to say WTF for me it looks like it's still in early access on  9th august 2014.DAMN IT!!! just started to play and then such a mess ?!?after the view chrashes the game works fine... let's see if it still will work fine for the rest of the game."
,Recommended,261530,13701671,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Presidented,"Well, well, well. The Russians are at it again. ...Or is it were?Lifeless Planet. What do I think about it? Honestly, it was a nice break from the usual shoot 'em ups and strategy games. The world you explore is beautiful, and it certainly has an open feel to it. There is some areas in which you can veer from the path the game leaves for you, but those times are limited. The puzzles in Lifeless Planet are pretty pathetic, it must be said, but don't let that ruin the game for you. I didn't let it, however, the animation... Wow. Is there even any real animation? I won't say any more in fear of giving something away, so I'll move on to the plot.Of course here I can't say too much, but I will say I was a bit dissapointed at the end. I was certainly expecting something more. When you happen upon the town the Russian settlers used to live in, it adds this aura of mystery and tension that I liked, which then disappeared as the plot progressed.So with all this negativity, you must be wondering why I'm bothering to recommend this to you. Even with all its flaws, Lifeless Planet was an enjoyable game. It must be looked at as what it is, and that is an atmospheric game. The planet itself is amazing, and is extremely fun to explore. The mood of the game changes with your surroundings, and the change is often and welcome. Pieces of the story are scattered around the planet as well, and there is a certain glee in finding the ones you know could be easily missed, and slowly being able to piece together what happened to this strange new world.Overall I would give this a 8/10, a game that is a great break from the norm, but has its fair share of flaws."
76561198085817755,Recommended,261530,33110022,Posted: 1 July,all,jjaros77,"Wonderful atmosphere.  Play it alone - especially at night, and the feeling of isolation is tangible.  Moves along quickly.  It is pretty short, but pretty impressive considering a single person made the entire game.  Not sure if it's worth $20 full price, but I bought it during the summer steam sale for $6.79.  I feel I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,261530,33177608,Posted: 3 July,all,caubrovko,This is a pretty good game for those days in which you don't want to play action games. The story is creative and captivating.The only con is that this is quite a short game. Do not expect to play it for hours and hours
,Recommended,261530,32903638,Posted: 27 June,all,Alfalfa the Alpha,I find it quite nice. It is a game you play if you want to relax.
,Recommended,261530,31929602,Posted: 23 May,all,generallyinappropriate,"I have mixed feelings about this game.It starts off wonderfully. The desert area you are dropped into looks fantastic, as do all of the environments early on in the game. There is a lot of mystery and intrigue, and the game does a good job with the overall atmosphere.As the game progresses, however, the environments seem to get less detailed. Most of the areas are just way, way too flat and smooth looking. Even the hills are just...boring.The character model of the girl is really bad. Just amateurish.In the beginning of the game, I was really intrigued by the story line. It pulled me in and I was really wondering what the heck was happening on this planet. Unfortunately, it just never really delivers that big reveal you are expecting. It doesn't leave you hanging; everything is explained well and overall I thought the story was quite original. I just never got that big ""aha!"" moment I was hoping for.All those complaints aside, I still enjoyed my time playing Lifeless Planet, and I'll buy Lifeless Moon when it comes out."
,Recommended,261530,11648361,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tillyonaire,"The game has great atmosphere, however it is quite slow-paced, so be prepared. Has a wonderful environment and storyline, abliet quite simplistic (this isn't necessarily a bad thing). A great game to get immersed within, but don't expect anything mindblowing, just a great journey."
,Recommended,261530,11538721,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,МОЯ ОБОРОНА,This game gives so many landscapes and very interesting way to see another planet. But this game's gloomy and sad. Anyway I like it.
,Recommended,261530,20528421,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,polloman15,"it isn't that game that you say WOW WHAT A MASTERPIECE, you are more like a witness of how this planet came to existance and how it colapser, also how it reemerged.the exploration is rough, i got stuck like 100 times and also died figuring ot how to get trough since it does not have hints, wich is nice after all...the gameplay is short, to complete the game story i taked like 5 hours but the overworld design is amazing, taked like 30 screenshots...5/7 would see my crew die again :'v"
76561198012884165,Recommended,261530,12196351,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Xstatic36,This was a great game it wasn't very difficult but there was one or two spots I somehow missed what I was supposed to do and wandered around awhile.  Beautiful environments and it has a isolated eerie vibe going the whole game the music also adds alot of atmosphere.  It kinda ends abruptly but definately worth a play through.
,Recommended,261530,23197682,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Serena,"This game was challenging, interesting, and most importantly, fun! The whole time I played this game, even at the very beginning, I was very curious as to what was going on. Every time more story came, I couldn't wait for more. The story to this goes in depth, and at some points in the game it made me very annoyed (because some parts are really challenging), but despite the challenging part, I trucked through it and continued wanting more and would play for hours at a time. The first time I played this game, I played it for 4-5hrs straight. That's how interested I was. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who is into story driven, and adventuring games. The graphics in this game are also very stunning. There are so many areas to explore. Amazing game."
76561198136842718,Recommended,261530,28815032,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chili Duck,"This game is fairly short ... I finished it in 6 hours, but I felt I got my money's worth and then some.  As a puzzle/platformer game it is engaging and fun. None of the puzzles or platformer jumps were frustrating. Some were obvious, and others took a few tries.  The controls were solid. I never felt like I died or screwed up a jump because of the game itself ... I was always able to retry and get the timing right.  It was a good balance that made it fun and relaxing to play. Never frustrating, not too challenging, but just challenging enough.The game design is quite good at nudging you along the correct path, but still giving the sense that you're ""exploring"" a vast world. You're  probably not going to get stuck in a section trying to figure out what to do next.  I felt more like I was part of an interactive piece of art, and actively making the story unfold.Overall I'm quite happy with this game. It was six hours well spent, and I'd like to give it a second play-through later."
,Recommended,261530,33317193,Posted: 6 July,all,spiff,"This is an adventure puzzle platformer. Puzzles are not that difficult.Platforming doesn't put you under big stress (apart once).When you die you revive at the same spot.Graphics are HL2 level, not hyper realistic, but not bad.I had fun, if you can pick this up at a bargain price, why not try it."
76561197995215954,Recommended,261530,10377919,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Amadeus,Just beat the game and I was very impressed with it. It is about 4-5ish hours long. At first I was skeptical but it quickly won me over. It is very atmosheric with great music and visuals but the thing that impressed me the most was the storyline. It starts of simple but gets very immersive as time goes on. Reminds me a bit of old Heinlein or Asimov Sci-fi books. I will admit there are times the controls and physics mechanics could be better but happens sparcely. I would definitely recommend it and if it ever goes on sale most defintely buy it.
,Recommended,261530,10379298,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,TannerPlays,"An absolute joy from start to finish. Awe and wonder throughout, beautiful landscapes, great story, mystery, a bit of horror, this game is the best I've played this year ... and I play a lot of games - more than you. Get this game."
,Recommended,261530,10385598,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bonmellow,"Anyone know why my logs diseapear after the loading up a save? Great game overall so far. EDIT: P. COOL GAME, HAVEN'T FINISHED IT. Dohoho those russains tho, cheeki breeki"
76561198010861662,Recommended,261530,10388597,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Sole,"Before I start, I'll note that this review does have a few very minor spoilers. None of them refer to the story, all to locations you visit in the game.I'm going to say outright that I believe this game is truly worth your time, despite the fact that I, personally, was not as interested in the story as I should have been. This is entirely my own personal preferences of storytelling, yet despite this, Lifeless Planet is a solid game.I purchased Lifeless Planet during the Early Access period and was quite interested in the plot of the game: as an American astronaut, you are traveling to a planet far, far from home. A one-way trip, in fact. Yet, somehow, there was human life already on this planet.Don't let the tag ""walking simulator"" put you off. Sure, there's a lot of walking. However, in addition, there are puzzle elements (quite simple, though at times a bit hard to detect as other elements not involved with the puzzle would catch me off-guard) as well as multiple stages of platforming that were for the most part enjoyable. There are also multiple occasions where you could die, as well as fail.The game does have an air of an indie title to it, especially with the developer's constant changing and fixing of the game even after release. It's a sign of a great developer when they are willing to listen to glitches and bugs and actively interact with the fans to fix the problems. Kudos to you!There are a few bits of the game that reflect in a bit of an unpolished experience, however. Mainly this is in consistency. At a certain point in the game, you realize a certain plant in the game will kill you when approached. However, a bit later in the game, there is a plant in the shape of a flower that can be jumped upon. Gamers would assume that these objects should be avoided due to past experiences, and I spent a long while trying to find alternate routes around the flower, only to find I could hop right on for a bit.Additionally, areas in the game considered ""safe"" at times are not, and can kill you without much warning. A lava portion later in the game gave me a slightly frustrating amount of deaths, as I was incapable of knowing where I was allowed to go without bursting in flames. Certain areas lacking plant life would stab and maim me before I knew why. At other points, canyons and craters that I thought unaccessible were capable of being traveled upon, despite dying several times attempting to navigate previous large holes. If you go for achievements, know that doing so requires a lot of effort for several of them. They truly are ""achievements"".HOWEVER, the game is sound. The voice acting is terrific, particularly by our main astronaut. Russian voiceovers are realistic and well-done (though they do clash when reading English text-logs). As someone who does voice-acting, I found this area particularly strong, and I congratulate those involved. On top of this, the game does what it says it does. It tells a story. An engaging, interesting story.Sure, there is a lot that could be looked into gameplay-wise, but for the most part, I doubt you're focusing on that. You're focusing on the tale it has to tell. You need to have a mindset of ""I'm going to walk around quite a bit with some platforming, while listening to a story."" There are long distances in this game. Long, barren distances. You need to get immersed to enjoy it. When you do, however, you truly experience a memorable game.Take a look into it! Perhaps it was not my cup of tea, but what I DO know is that I'm not the ""almighty lord of good taste"". You're in for an interesting experience, and it's definitely one of the most original ideas I've seen for a game in many months."
,Recommended,261530,10400057,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Slab SquatThrust,Excellent little gem. I'm really enjyoing it.
,Recommended,261530,10401482,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BadHemorrhoid,After my Watch_Dogs playthrough was halted due to the 90% saved game bug I decided to pick this up.  So far I've lost 10 lbs. from the running and jumping.
,Recommended,261530,10409535,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,papand13,"Saw a double rainbow!This game is awesome, finished it on first playthrough, just couldn't stop after i had started.The graphics fit perfectly, no reason to not buy because you might think they look bad, you won't even notice.Gameplay is just a 10/10 in this game. It might not be possible to parkour on walls, but damn, the gameplay just works the way it is!I definetly recommend the game!This is a short review, i just can't find the right way to describe the game. You should really just try it out yourself!"
76561198008140130,Recommended,261530,10412977,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Yuyukow,"If I had to descirbe this game in one word it would be ""competent"". The major failing is the gameplay which is fairly anemic ; the puzzels are easy and the platforming is a bit middle of the road so by the end of the game it can feel a bit tedious. Like with  some other puzzle platformers you will eventally a point in the game where you will think ""Okay that was easy, but how was i supposed to find that?"" Thus the gameplay isn't the major selling point. However I can recomend the game because the setting is well designed. I liked travelling across the planet and seeing the remains of what was a once thriving planet.They story of how a vivid planet turned desolate is done pretty well. For the most part I feel I got my money's worth , but I can undestand why you may want to get it on sale."
,Recommended,261530,10416774,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Orrden,"This game definitely captivated my interest.  It's hauntingly beautiful and the story that's told through the journal entries you find is both excited, mesmerizing, and captivating.  Definitely recommend this game."
76561197970622756,Recommended,261530,10418145,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Atlaspooped,"Just play it. It has glitches. The puzzles are simple. However, there are times where you look at the game in awe. The questions unanswered make you want more of it. I hope there's a sequel."
76561197987049851,Recommended,261530,10478907,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,janedough,"not the most challenging of games, but a solid atmosphere and engaging story, despite a rushed ending."
76561198074524907,Recommended,261530,10555230,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,rustedmg42,"Занимательная история, приятная графика, удобный интерфейс. Захватывающая атмосфера, подкрепленная отличным саундом, локации, от которых порой захватывает дух... Стоит того, чтобы пройти ее!"
76561197968298669,Recommended,261530,10619010,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ionized.plasma,"It has been years since I played a game that actually made me feel immersed in a real environment.  I was burnt out from having been in the industry and seeing everything as scripts and polygons rather than an immersive experience.  The story and atmosphere in this game brought me past all that and reminded me how great the experience can be.  While there are some minor changes I would have made, the gameplay overall was a great experience.  What a beautiful game."
,Recommended,261530,10704798,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,shakh,Superb atmosphere!
,Recommended,261530,10711144,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NFMZ1,Great game hopefully they build another episoide!!!
,Recommended,261530,10749752,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Minde,+Nice story and game+Good graphics+Easy Controls+EPIC SOUNDTRACK!!!recommended
,Recommended,261530,10753688,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,namowrepus,I loved this game.  It was so immersive and atmospheric I had to play it all the way through in one sitting.
76561198007633064,Recommended,261530,10823950,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jaggu,"I highly reccomend this game for people who want to break from their usual generic FPS or RPG game. The game wont take more than 7 hours to complete, if you have the comp connected to TV, please play on that, you'll be transported to a different world when you play this game. Interesting story, not too complicated, but really will hunger to know whats happening."
,Recommended,261530,10832060,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AkkoxDiana,"Lifeless Planet is a peculiar game. On one hand it has that endemic lack of tact in the writing that indie games seem to all share and the production values (for the most part) are sorely lacking at times, but I still found myself playing through it and enjoying it. ""Just one more level"" was a frequently thought of phrase while playing the game and the source of it was wanting to have closure on the game's narrative.There's nothing but walking around, platforming and a few simple puzzles (obstacles would be a better description of the puzzles really) and it works for the most part. It is almost woefully simple and linear but the story and a few of the enviroments, though plain, makes Lifeless Planet an oddly engrossing and pretty game. I was disappointed at the rather weak visual design but it still fulfilled my urge of walking on an alien planet in a videogame; I just wished it was better realized.The music is good but I felt that it tried too hard to be the source of emotion instead of complementing the game, which brings me to a point that nagged me for most of the game. The game, though it tried, didn't really succeed when it tried to be meaningful. Sure there were a few moments that piqued my interest but I felt it was too vague and/or lacked tact when it tried to say something about the situation and the protagonist's motivations. What the story does well enough is that it hooked me into wanting to know more about it, thus pushing me into playing for longer sessions that I wouldn't have otherwise. In another note, the atmosphere was surprisingly good. While I won't call it a horror game, it did an ok job of setting the right amount of tension you'd expect in the same situation. Again, I just wish it was better realized but it still did the job.In the end, I can recommend the game to people that can look over the plainness and low budget of the game but that think it'd be interesting to explore a planet. While I wouldn't pay full price for it (got it during Steam's Summer Adventure 2014 Sale) it's still a solid and interesting enough of a game for that very specific niche of players."
,Recommended,261530,11337313,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,AgroTeddy,"What a game, the visuals are sweet, the story is awe-inspiring and I played this high as a kite and practically ♥♥♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198022100820,Recommended,261530,11529173,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,mah_2112,"Not hard to play, is more story than game play."
,Recommended,261530,11539050,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,spookingo,Fabulously atmospheric and puzzling little adventure game with simple gameplay dynamics and effortlessly beautiful surroundings.
76561198057679755,Recommended,261530,10471126,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,FreakyAgentoftheGestapo,"Lifeless Planet's story is orginal and invigorating. DO NOT WATCH A PLAYTHROUGH if you want to get the full immersion of this game. The graphics need work and the game still has alpha-bugs it also sometimes has flow issues.I would like to see a remake made with more people and maybe add survival and co-op features. I.E finding oxygen repairing the suit. The remake should be polished with good graphics and more sound effects. However, this game is a great first. I would like the remake free to people who already own lifless planet and if new people buy it, they get lifless planet 1 and 2. Finally, I would LOVE A PREQUELAll in all I give this game 3.5 out of 5 stars. It is worth playing and has a great mix of creaps, jumps, and bumps.I look forward to seeing more from these authors"
76561198062266539,Recommended,261530,10622728,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HeatStorm[SWE],This game is amazing! The story is fantastic. You. Should. Buy. It.
,Recommended,261530,10724435,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,meisterli [NMG],"This game is very... Special to me, as it tickles just all the right things for me. There is mystery, exploration, discovery, science and a little bit of horror in here, in just the right amounts to make this game feel increadibly atmospheric and fascinating. The actual ""game"" of it is a bit lacking - the platforming tends to be inprecise, I ran into a few places where I had to restart the game to get further and in some places, it feels a little aimless and you run around trying to figure out what to do. Still, I completely enjoyed unraveling this story and couldn't stop once I started. It's that good.If you're looking for a game that is absolutely brimming with atmosphere, chilling and very fitting music and a mysterious and interesting story, this is for you! That said, if you want smooth and responsive game play and don't care much for a story or a mystery - stay away! The gameplay is mostly walking, somewhat clunky platforming and simple puzzle solving."
,Recommended,261530,10798412,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"You are blind now, Mildred","This game, though simple in nature, is simply beautiful. The visuals and environments are wonderful and the story is very intriguing. I loved every minute of it and it is well worth the money."
76561198043520630,Recommended,261530,10839642,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pseudo V.18,This may be one of the best video game that I have ever played in my life. When you start to figure out what realy happend your mind is blown. I recomend this game to people that like story rich games and like adventure.
76561197982413675,Recommended,261530,10936987,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jaxtherat,"An absolute bloody masterpiece.Reminds me of the golden age sci-fi greats by Asimov, Anderson and Lem.Is this a ""a game""? Sort of; it isn't particularly challenging and there isn't a lot to sing your teeth into gameplay wise.It is however a superbly crafted journey. Visually rich and compelling. The Russian voice acting is spot on too."
76561198091863303,Recommended,261530,10975652,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HiGuy,"I love this game so much! The story is so interesting and kept me into the game until the very end. I love the concept of it and think this game was definitely worth the money. The only thing i had problems with (MAYBE SPOILERS) is on the icy terrain i got wedged in between some of the glaciers a couple of times and the only way to resolve it was to reset the checkpoint. That was the only problem i had with the entire game, besides that, I think this is one of the best games I have played all the way through and enjoyed every second of it. Good Job!"
76561198036413329,Recommended,261530,10980234,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,A Meat Bicycle,Very fun. Story line is extremely well done
76561198020044222,Recommended,261530,11091572,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,J.C.,Some people may not like this game...but I like it... Beautiful atmosphere..great design.
76561198109778535,Recommended,261530,11244551,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,axiomicon,"Awesome game.  Totally unique, cool music, haunting atmosphere, good plot.  Loved it.  Good job David."
,Recommended,261530,11524204,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mankle,Not a bad waste of an afternoon. I would recommend this.
76561198006316896,Recommended,261530,11541093,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DecoySS3,Loved it. Story is interesting and well told. I enjoyed the mystery surrounding the Soviet Union and the atmosphere was incredibly well thought out. I love the eerie feeling this game achieves.
,Recommended,261530,11209212,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,sevquis,"Did you know that for less than $20US you can have a game experience that lets you walk away saying ‘Wow, what did I just play? Was that really an indie game? I didn’t pay $60+ for that.”? Indie developers are showing us more and more that the value of gameplay doesn’t have to come with the high price tag of a AAA developer. Lifeless Planet, from Stage 2 Studios, gives us an action game that has no shooting things up, yet still feels like a decent platformer but for the fact that it’s 3D.In Lifeless Planet, Earth has discovered a planet teeming with life that is close enough to warrant a manned one-way mission. Of course, like all good action games that involve travelling to another planet, you crash land. Here you get to discover the planet and uncover the mystery behind your missing crew and try to get home. Things start to go off the rails when you encounter an abandoned Russian town on this planet. It’s difficult to say to much more about the story as every little bit of info I encountered story wise would be a spoiler if I posted it here.Lifeless Planet gives you a gorgeous 3D, on rails, platform game that plays very smoothly. The game pays good attention to the sense of atmosphere needed when traversing various levels, so you get a really great mix of beautiful vistas and foreboding darkened spaces. Lots of little data packets are spread throughout the levels to further the story, along with some basic puzzle solving and route solving. There is also a small mix of “Run! Or you’ll be splattered!” thrown in too, and this is done in the right spots of the game so as to not disturb the overall flow of gameplay. You spend the entire game confined to your spacesuit, which gives the developers a good reason to give you a jetpack. A jetpack? NO!, you scream. Rest assured, the jetpack is a one-burst item, and only a small burst at that. Occasionally, you do get a small temporary upgrade to the fuel source at various points and this allows you to discover some hidden sections on levels as well as make it across larger gaps or get to higher ledges. The use of the jetpack here has been done well, and it is easy to see that it is considered more of a tool to achieve small goals rather than a thing you must use at every point everywhere in the game ever.There were some issues with using the jetpack, mainly though these where just control errors as both analog sticks on the controller will move the player and the camera too, so this lead to quite a few deaths and a couple of Steam Achievements. I think that if the camera control could be limited to one stick and the direction control to the other, this might smooth over some accidental deaths. While the game ran very smoothly for the most part for myself, on two occasions it slowed to a crawl for no reason that I could fathom and caused some frustration with the frame rate drop. The only way to resolve that was to stick the game to the lowest setting as any other setting caused the frame rate drop. The first time was a large power generator I need to start to open a gate and the second was getting the bridge working in a valley.Like most Steam games, this comes with a host of unlockable achievements, some of which you may decide not to do, like collecting all the data packets gives you the “Planetary Historian” achievement. The levels kind of hide some of these quite well so you will definitely miss all the data packets on the first run through. Whether you go back and collect all the achievements at the end of the game is up to you, but the problem there is that once you have completed Lifeless Planet, going back and collecting all the Steam achievements is not going to be fun, since you already know the story. My suggestion, if you want to collect them all, write the down first and then play the game and tick them all off as you go.I hope to see more from the developer of Lifeless Planet. Maybe even a sequel? Like I said, this is one of those rare gems that surprises you and I think it is definitely on my shortlist for Game of the Year. Lifeless Planet is also proof that not all Kickstarter funded games get delayed indefinitely, never made or are generally rubbish. Go get it and enjoy."
76561198020447823,Recommended,261530,9507207,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,criticalmass88,"As is, lifeless planet is a decent game. It has potential to be an awesome game when it's finished. If you like to explore and have a little time to kill, you should give it a try.Can't wait to see the finished product!"
,Recommended,261530,9968071,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Aquatic Walrus,Great overall game. There is a few MINOR bugs here and there. The story line is FANTASTIC. One of the Best games i have EVER played! Its so good becuase there is no shooting and other rubbish that all other games tipicaly have! 9/10! Would recomend to everyone! And its at such a good price to!
76561198079774222,Recommended,261530,9399446,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,pimko,"Short: WOW, great, worth!Long:- intriguing story, great graphics, very good music, perfect execution- no bugs in early access (completed 2 times), first 6 levels completed in 100 minutes, expecting full to be like 5-6h of gameplay- puzzles are not that many and are quite easy, it's more about general stroryline that is important in this game- linear, but I'm totally fine with it"
,Recommended,261530,9497337,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Exile85,"It is good at striking a balance of errie beauty and fear that something terrible is going to happen. The music and the lonelyness are perfect and so is the voice acting. I like that they translate the speach from Russian to English but the audio is still in Russian, it just adds authenticity to the game.Cons: Keyboard gameplay is not very workable, you should stick with a gamepad then it works perfect!"
76561198027617691,Recommended,261530,10391157,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Roadtrip Warrior,"atmospheric, adventurous, and creepy all at the same time. the controls are a bit touchy thou but that shouldnt stop you from enjoying this game."
76561198016494834,Recommended,261530,10392677,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,[CDC] DerpDiver,I really like this game the puzzles are a little easy but you really get into it all music the areas and story are just amazing havent actually played a game in a while that has kept my attention and made me wana go back and play some more. witch with this one i do.cant wait to finish it. hope they release some more games like this love it.
76561198085552928,Recommended,261530,10398947,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,blazej150,"That was a great game! Like a good classic S-F book (Isaac Asimov, Arthura C. Clarke, Lem, etc). Best in the genre!"
76561198066048336,Recommended,261530,10400163,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,kjoplin,"This game is very different from what I've come to expect.   The only explosions created are from natural rock slides and the few coincidences where you need dynamite to progress through the story.   I liked the fact that the creators managed to enable the use of controllers, but the controls were a bit iffy.   The story itself was very interesting and was probably the only thing keeping me from turning off my computer.   That said, you shouldn't expect this to be a huge RPG top seller, but I'll give it a 7/10 for it being what it is."
76561198063096442,Recommended,261530,10408181,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Jebussez,"Not the most action-packed or graphically interesting game ever, but I spent a nice nine hours going through a mysterious landscape with awesome musical accompaniment and questions still in my head. Definitely worth a buy if you like wandering and exploration."
,Recommended,261530,10411221,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,spin54,"This game is catergorized as an ""explolration"" title, and while there is a little bit in the sense of looking around for minerals, it is actually a very linear game. That said, it doesn't detract from what the game is. It's about 4 hours long and is incredibly atmospheric.It is basically a ""follow a path and do a few jump puzzles sequences"" game. Every now and then there is a small puzzle to get through. There isn't a ton to it, but what is there is just fantastic. You will want to play this game for the atmosphere alone. The music is really great and fitting. The story is somewhat interesting. Interesting enough to pay attention to it. And though the name of the game isn't really acurate, it does still give a sense of loneliness.The one thing I don't like is the achievements. A few of them are ""do such and such on your first play through"". If you don't look at the achievements before playing the game, you will have no clue that you need to accomplish these things on your first playthrough, and so after you screw up once on your first playthrough, you can never get the achievement then? That's not cool. ""Don't die on your first playthrough."" You die once, you can never get the achievement? That's just dumb.But that's an incredibly small gripe that doesn't actually have anything to do with the gameplay. Overall a very solid atmospheric game that I really enjoyed."
76561198138286789,Recommended,261530,10417396,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Karlashnikov,Awesome game as said in other reviews i downloaded then planned to play a quick half hour and found myself still sat here 2 hours later!!!
,Recommended,261530,10434553,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Haggle,"I finished the game, and it is a truly enthralling story. Also, the ""things"" at the end are scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ nearly froze when I went around one of the last bends of the game."
,Recommended,261530,10460906,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Relax Jenner,"Played for a while and really like the game, very interesting and a very good story. Cheap and fun. 11/10 Buy now!"
,Recommended,261530,10367926,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,RobotSheepy,"Wow! What an experience! This is one fantastic game! Even though the graphics and the controls might be a little wonky, it's quite well made. At few points it makes you feel insignificant and vulnerable. This really works well with the whole ""Lifeless"" atmosphere of the game. It even has a great science fiction-y story! I recommend this game if you feel like you can enjoy the story even with crappy graphics. 4/5"
76561197968099463,Recommended,261530,10385330,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Rivz,"If you ever read Martian Chronicles and/or Solaris, you need to check this game out.  This is a great example of story telling through notes and recordings, fear of unknown, plus great atmosfere, sound and music.  I cant remember of another such game, and I would pay twice more for it.  You will not get this feeling from the video, but please support the developers, these are the people who should be making video games!"
76561197966378171,Recommended,261530,10392227,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ogy,"Short but very sweet.I have to say, this is the first game ive completed in a long, long time.Enjoyed this much more than most so called ""AAA"" titles made by all the big studios. Well worth the money."
76561198096873539,Recommended,261530,10413393,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,daemus33,haunting.fills me with a sense of desire and hope...
,Recommended,261530,9866802,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Roo,"Lifeless Planet is a simplistic adventure that is to do with exploring the environment and uncovering the story of what has gone on.  If you like sci-fi novels and easy going games, this is for you.  If you like supporting indie devs who have invested years into building the world and story they envisioned, this game is a worthwhile investment."
,Recommended,261530,10020090,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"Great mysterious sci fi game, cool graphics, story driven game, something I've been missing for a while...can't wait to play the whole game!! You start playing and you don't care what's happening around you, these first 6 levels end up with a total cliffhanger................OK, now I'm back playing full version and it's GREAT!!! It's like reading a sci-fi book..."
,Recommended,261530,10372559,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CaptainDoot,"Short Story: I loved this game. But there was a few little things that very very light soured the experience.Long story: This game is wonderfully made, the enviroments are interesting and the levels are very complex, i do admit i did get myself lost a few times but i played this entire game in a single sitting and i do not regret it. It never felt like a chore, just a challange. The characters in this game were very well presented both the Astronaut and the Woman are very rich characters both with tragic backstories and it was brilliant to see them go through hardships and end up ok. The sound and level design is excllent, giving me a real sense of isolation and loneliness, as if i was on a real alien world. Puzzles were somewhat difficult later on but they became easy to grasp but once again, didn't feel tedious.There are a couple bugs but nothing game breaking, a few times i have phased through the various elevators, bombs have ungodly wide blast radius but it's ok. and there was certain glitch the robotic arm but that was easily fixed. I suppose there could have been more voice acting but the PDA based back story and logs were just as good. The voice acting however rare it was, was still very well done. I cared deeply for these characters and i had a very nice experience with this game. I would indeed recommend to anyone who enjots quiet and interesting games."
,Recommended,261530,10378487,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Meat Vegetable,I highly recommend this game as it has a very amazing and enthralling story line that will pull you right in.
76561198043713026,Recommended,261530,10386680,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Windigter,"After just finishing the game I can give an honest review,The game had allot of potential, when I originally played the demo version I was hooked, and for good reason, it looked like the story could really become something spectacular.Now whether this was because of budget or other constraints the full version fell abit short with regards to the story line, at the end it felt like i was more an observer than a player really with little puzzle solving (that a minor could solve) just to keep me interested.However the game is recommended simply cause I havent experienced this sort of game before, there just that air of mystery troughout the game (until disapointing ending in my opinion).  The chartacter graphics arent anything to write home about, but the surroundings are great in most cases....and come on you have a bloody Jet pack, all games get points for throwing that in.However if your willing to pay this for the game, go for it, its a quick fun game to enjoy, although I was really hoping for allot more out of this game."
,Recommended,261530,10387269,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Hariwulf,"Simply one of the most deep story I've ever played.Just buy it, and immerse yourself in this amazing journey!Spoiler-free advice: This planet it's not only lifeless, but also full of little surprises, play it at your own peace, and fear not to leave the path for some exploration! ;)"
76561197970896770,Recommended,261530,10390856,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,bingus,"I went to play it for a few minutes, and then just had to keep going. Its so simple, but kind of addictive... you just want to see what happens next."
,Recommended,261530,10066736,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,mac.boyce04,"I loved this game! I can't wait until the ful  verison. I realy feel that this game is unqiue and something that turned from a 10 min look through to finishing the demo. The fact that your alone,on this alien world is just awesome and at times very creepy. I say play this game if you want something fresh, new, space-age and creepy."
76561198092442127,Recommended,261530,10309526,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,FRANK CASTLE,"Ok so for starters, the story has sucked me in, i am only ~60mins into it and i think the concept is awesome, i understand this is basically a platformer with a story but i like the gameplay, exploration, puzzles and a little bit of horror and dystopian future tied in, graphics are pretty nice for a indie game, hopefully the devs can better themselfs from this game and continue to bring us interesting games :)"
76561198104763020,Recommended,261530,10377567,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,tylermoore55,Game was kinda glitchy for me. Had to restart areas a couple of times. Checkpoint system is God awful. I saved and quit when was I was about halfway done with an area and then when I restarted later it put me back all the way at the beginning of the area. Ridiculous!
76561197970534805,Recommended,261530,10387295,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,BoNeMacHiNe,An Awesome game. Full with mystery and exploration.
76561197993639750,Recommended,261530,10393544,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,PatchedUpp,"This was a very relaxing beautiful game. As a gamer who has been around since Pong hit the scene, I appreciate the beauty of the games more than I do the actual game itself at times. I wish it was more open world so you could explore a little deeper. There is no difficulty to the game, very linear and no replay value unless you want to earn all 15 achievements. Overall I recommend it. I wish the game itself was longer. I also would like to have seen a better ending to the game. Maybe another chapter or two to make the ending feel more complete. Hats off to the team responsible and look forward to more in the future."
76561197981990028,Recommended,261530,10396964,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,gringopig,An involving and atmospheric journey reminiscent for me of Andrei Tarkovsky's film 'Solaris'. Addictive and involving. After I finished I sort of missed my wee pal in the spacesuit.
,Recommended,261530,10400061,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,schipplock,"A very interesting game! It, of course, has some problems but if you finish this game you will get a strange feeling and it's worth it.While playing the game I had some trouble while jumping and sometimes I got lost (Inferno level e.g.) but give it some time and you will find your way. Sometimes I couldn't activate the robo-arm (m-key); I had to press escape and resume the game to get it working; no idea what went wrong. You can get stuck between rocks as well; not the best experience but you can restart from the last checkpoint; no deal breaker.The puzzles are very easy: there are basically 3 types of puzzles and if you figure them out, you can follow the game until the end. This isn't where the game shines to be honest.The story is good; you start to think about it from the first second until the end of the game. It's well written and I generally like it. It leaves some open space at the end; that I like very much.My main criticism is play time; the game is simply too short. I played other ""short"" games like ""I Am Alive"" which is a good one but I payed a lot less for ""I Am Alive"" but play time was a lot longer than with Lifeless Planet :/.But overall I can say that this is a good game. I enjoyed it."
76561198126643381,Recommended,261530,10402096,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,2fckineazy,Proud Owner
76561198113264796,Recommended,261530,10412316,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,A Pedophile Gnome,"Here's a short but meaningful disclaimer: If you're looking for an action-packed alien-fighting laser rifle-filled sci-fi adventure, try another game. This game is purely aethestic, and is no way meant to be combat-based. The game takes you, an unamed widow of a man, through an alien world where the Russians have somehow gotten to and destroyed the place (Yeah, go figure, the Russians ruined everything). Stranded and with an oxygen leak in your suit, you set out aimlessly for reasons unknown, probably because you have nothing better to do. The game's storyline is ""Iffy"" to say the least, the gameplay is boring and repetative... But that's the point. It's an art game. You enjoy the scenery. Believe me, as far as art games go, this is one of the best I've ever played. It's a lot like Journey, there's good music and good environment but it's really sandy and you just kind of do the same thing forever. Long story short, if you want an action game, don't buy this, if you want an art game that's about appreciating the long hard hours it took to but this absolutely stunning landscape together, then go on ahead. I give it an 8.5/10 as far as art games go. It's also a great time waster!"
,Recommended,261530,10417712,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Han Solo B,touched and carried GIRL  10/10
76561198011816905,Recommended,261530,10418301,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Jacko,"Nice game, easy to lose time playing.only issue is that i have completed it in 4 hours. just wish i could of spent more of my time playing the game.also would of loved to see more of an ending story"
,Recommended,261530,10454819,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,MongooseSwarm,"This is a wonderful game. Clunky controls, (relatively) low graphics, and bland voice acting do nothing to detract from this game. A tense and suspenseful world, but also relaxing and beautiful. Moments of horror and terror, with only one path given to you: run. These moments are balanced by snippets of story delivered as you explore the environment chasing after two things: the truth and hope. This game made me care about the characters, but didn't wrench my heart strings. Lifeless Planet picked me up and carried me for a while, and when it was done with me, gently placed me on the ground for another game to takes its place. The story it tells is full of contradictions that build a wonderful place where you can take a break from the intense action other games demand you take part of. The game took me 5 hours to complete, and left me happy with my purchase of 20 dollars. Do yourself a favor, and play this game. You'll thank yourself."
,Recommended,261530,10486893,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,krubbs29,"I enjoy this game, but very frustrated with it. If you save after a long play thru, you will load further back in the game...losing all the time you spent in an area, and having to do it again...and again. It can be buggy in different areas, like when using the mechanical arm...eaith wont come up (then having to restart to get out of the bug), or teleporting you to another area where the arm was used before!.I think it would be an awesome game if you could actually save where you stop playing!!"
76561197976784565,Recommended,261530,9536314,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Flannel Josie,"This is Journey, in space, with Russians, sort of... It's a great game because of the atmosphere and story.  The game mechanics are simple but that helps in my opinion.  This game relies on atmosphere and if the platforms and puzzles were too hard it would break that.  Heres a youtube reviewhttp://youtu.be/_BWMsulToGw"
,Recommended,261530,9896120,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Dustincredible,"Well worth the purchase! Got through the end of the demo (beta) in just under an hour... which is a bit of a let down considering a lot of time was spent exploring as well only to be let down by lack of content around what seemed to be a path to take. The game is wonderfully done however. The voices are spectacular. The mystery is done well. I found myself building up ideas and hypothesizing as to what was going on in this world.... and then..... End. Please let us into more of this world, I'm eager to where you may take us!"
76561198106353247,Recommended,261530,10040536,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,VengefulCactus,This game is simply amazing. The environment accompanied with the mystery make this game simply irresistable. I highly reccomend it and cant wait for the full version!!
,Recommended,261530,10048695,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,bug12lm,"OH, MY, GOD! this game is going to be a right little gem i just played the beta demo and its amazing you really do feel alone! its tense and has so much atmosphere i really cant wait for the full release!=]"
,Recommended,261530,10314163,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Cooler Than TV,Good game but beta version was very short. The game was really getting intresting near the end of the demo. Yes I know the full game will be released on the 6th June however I expected and wanted more; suppose that was the point!There were a couple of bugs throughout the game; such as the player getting stuck in rocks and not able to jump out.  The only way out was restoring form the last checkpoint. The arm object has problems for example picking up the green stone does not work and needs to be improved. The jumping and jetpack mechanics work well and easy to use. The environment is good great sense of space throughtout the environment. The voice overs and text is well done and keeps the player updated and informed about the world and how to use certain things. Some nice puzzles elements starting to happening making the player think more regarding which path to go. A few cars or buggys would of been great and maybe the abilty to glide also. However really enjoyed it so far!
76561198008470437,Recommended,261530,10373997,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,[TLR]Ari,Its a good game but every time I die it wont reload so i have to restart which is annoying.
76561197990809971,Recommended,261530,10375987,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Wardog,If you are looking for a game that tells a great original storyline that will keep you addicted till it's over... well that's what I experienced. I highly recommend this game to anyone.
76561198041108235,Recommended,261530,10485171,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Laskan,"If you're reading the 50/50 split on whether this game is ""good"" or not, consider that it may just not be for everyone.  I'd say the closest equivalent (which I surprisingly haven't seen referenced) is Journey.  If you enjoy an ambient experience where a story unfolds as you move through a unique landscape, this is for you.  The soundtrack enhances the experience, and while there is a good bit of jumping it doesn't really feel like you're playing a platformer.  If you are looking to point-and-click through things, or have high-action sequences, you won't enjoy this.  A $20 pricetag is on the high side, but I've paid more for less (and to be fair, less for more).  There's not really any replay value, but I've seen some pretty great movies I wouldn't want to watch either.  There are some people who are going to be really happy with this game - just know what you need from a game to enjoy it first."
76561197960480000,Recommended,261530,10054437,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Pottsmoker*R.I.P*,Great game - can't wait for the final release - please keep pushing:)
76561198088700495,Recommended,261530,10298948,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Athuim,"I just finished playing the beta demo and I must say that this is already one of my all-time favorites. I initially went into this game thinking it would be a casual based platformer and I'm certainly glad to be wrong about that. I can tell just by the gamepley thus far that this has a very deep story which is nestled in one of the most rich atmospheres I've ever played in, thank you Stage 2 Studios and KISS ltd!"
76561198002922115,Recommended,261530,10372888,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Mihos,This has to be the 1st game in along time that I really enjoyed. the graphics are amazing for and indy game. The storyline was awesome. their is no fighting but plenty of exploration and puzzles.
76561198084184279,Recommended,261530,10373333,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,haydencolerajotte,"Easily one of the best games I've played in a long time. It's kinda Portal meets Shadow Of The Coloussus, lots of puzzle solving, platforming and exploration. There are also survial horror elements, but these only intrigue, and ultmately this game is more tense then scary. The game is full of clever twists, that I have never really encountered before. These twists are sort of similar to those of The Twilight Zone. While some would compare this to Dear Esther, this is far more engaging and mysterious, and while the graphics arent as good at that game, there is so much more depth to this. And you know, you can actually understand whats going on!This game is not an action game, and I am concerned this game will be dismissed, because it does not have the fast pacing of COD or *insert AAA title here*. Please give this game a chance if you are intrested. There is so much to discover here, and I had a real blast with it. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,261530,10374381,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,{SLURP}Legion,A very fun and interesting game I don't know why people complain about the graphics when they arenormal for graphics when this game first came out.
76561197980239219,Recommended,261530,10375101,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Atres Nox,"Beautiful, original and engaging... review to follow"
76561198028976240,Recommended,261530,10377494,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,stephanm117,"WOW This is by far one of the better games ive played, although short, it was well worth the money. Entertainment GOLD!"
,Recommended,261530,10379490,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Salem,"9/10 [SPOILERS]Despite the painfully slow start (in which i would've suggested adding more curious observations by our character about his crew or the 'alien planet' or possibly about his wife to engage the user), I was engaged into the campaign from the second we heard about the Green Fire and how it affected the soviets, then when we first saw the woman (whos name slips me) I was undoubtably hooked on following her and to find out who she is, or was.The second I picked up this game, I played the campaign straight until I was finished. The story just became so addictive that I really couldnt put it down without finding out *all* the answers. If i'm honest, this game felt and played a lot like Portal 2. Between the mysticism of the woman and the wrecked terrain with a beautiful past, combined with the small collections of puzzles ( -which I *really* grew fond of) I really enjoyed just admiring the story that was presented to me.The only thing I could nick at is that the wallpaper shown on a loading screen (the screen with the writing and mathematical equations) didnt really fit the story. ""Three or Four crew?"" really became redundant as after we'd met two of them and progressed far into the storyline.Generally speaking, this is one of the best story-driven game i've played since Portal 2. I'm really happy with how it plays and functions as more of an experience than a game (which, contrary to some peoples opinion is OK!) and would love to see more games like this in the future.(Thanks for bringing my attention to this game, KurtJMac and YogscastSips!!)"
76561197972048435,Recommended,261530,10382584,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ianmyles,"Bought this game on a whim.    Played it for the next 8 hours straight.   This game is pure brilliance in it's simplicity.   No hoards of monsters to kill.  No leveling up to deal with.   No back and forth tasks to perform.  Just a casual game with a great atmosphere and a compelling story to drive you on toward the end.While it has limited replayability, other than to run through it again, this game will stick in my mind as fully worth my time and money.Well done developers..."
,Recommended,261530,10383957,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Lord.Narayana,Pretty buggy but overall a interesting story and game.
76561197970866245,Recommended,261530,10385057,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kickass Anime,"Rarely have i played a game which is so simplistic and deep at the same time, it gives you no hud and no map and just let's you get on with the exploring, just what would happen in the real world if you crash landed on a planet and hand to find resources and tools by yourself. This game is outstanding value and most definetly worth the puchase."
76561198074372381,Recommended,261530,10390073,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mr. NotKnowWhatToSay,This was a great game of a vast world that I would say in contrast to it's title was in fact full of life depending on your perspective of where and how you look at this world set before you. This was a well driven game where sights and sounds fill you imagination as you look upon this world with wonder of how it looks and and what it might have looked like. I would highly recomend this game even if it is to look at this world and let your mind wander.
76561197987156213,Recommended,261530,10391649,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Cpt betty,"Great looking environment, interesting story and not very expensive. simple enough"
76561197964934506,Recommended,261530,10392070,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ThundyCat,Loving this game. Great atmosphere and great backing track.Love the puzzle solving which is well quite easy but adds to the enjoyment of the game. Reminds a little of 'Two brothers' but playing as only one charcter. :)
76561198121773644,Recommended,261530,10392659,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,StealthGeko,"Really good fun, just wish it was longer :)"
,Recommended,261530,10398975,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Bobro,"This game is great, it draws you in so well. The atmosphere is great, although i have not completed yet and the story is not fully understood i am enjoying how it is slowly feeding me details on what happened. controls are sound enough, the graphics are really nice, the music captures the mood perfectly.Definetly recommend"
76561197971198273,Recommended,261530,10399632,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Cartoondog,"Lifeless Planet has a creative storyline. The load speed of the game is amazing, all the while requiring little from the hardware.  The game while enjoyable is not as polished as you would expect for a final release.  I would consider it 'Alpha' quality.  The transition from area to area is often lacking physical continuity.  The music is well done, but needs more variety.   Obstacles and solutions seem placed directly in the player’s path & require little thought, which removes a level of depth from the game.  A frequent example of this is the jet pack charge-once it is depleted you know that all upcoming jumps will be small, removing a level of unknown from the player.Character development is crucial for the player to become immersed in the reality of this game.  Too much time is spent on the technology development, and too little on Aelita.  You have the opportunity to develop a sense of sympathy for the planet, but very little for Aletia.  It would have been endearing to see the two parallel each other.  There are also small glitches with the PDA and claw.  I hope to see more games in the future from this developer.  On a scale of 1 to 5, with 5 being the highest rating, I would give it a 3.5."
76561198061980956,Recommended,261530,10401299,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Ataroth,"Lifeless Planet is pretty much that, a desolate wasteland explorer/jumping puzzle game.  You will find very few structures along your journey. The graphics are average, with only 3 maps standing out.  Unless you're an achievement buff and want to find a few mineral deposits, there is no real reason to go out of your way to explore the maps because .... there isn't anything there. Also, if you're an achievement buff, is not a good idea to explore on your first time. 1 achievement is a 4 hour playthrough on your first try. Problem is that, after you do this game 1 time, you won't do it a 2nd time. The puzzles are done. There isn't any more exploring you can do. Thus, the player effectively gets PUNISHED for exploring the 1st time out.All the jumping puzzles are extremely easy to do, except for one jumping puzzle where its at night and visibility is nill. I LOVED that map and made sure to not have my brightness too high so I could enjoy the difficulty. Got lost :).The story info dumps are interesting and not exactly overwhelming to read, so do so. For an $8k budget kickstarter game, this wasn't bad. I DID spend about 4  hours 15 minutes on the game proper (left the game on and did some things so it reads 5 hours on Steam). I think this is a $10 to $15 dollar game, not $19, but you have to be the judge of that.Do I recomend this game? If you're an explorer, jumping puzzle fan (mostly explorer) I tentatively recomend it. Though, as I said, you probably won't play it twice."
,Recommended,261530,10407455,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Noob Noob,"Fantastic environnment, outstanding job for what they had, well worth my $20 and a much better buy than Watch_Dogs."
76561197965839609,Recommended,261530,10859382,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,h2hjastermereel,Great game!
,Recommended,261530,10859539,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tea,"It's basically an interactive story with a little bit of platforming and puzzles. Well, not so much puzzles as move-the-rock-closer-and-jump-up type moments. The scenery is spectacular and the story is compelling enough to keep you progressing. The platforming aspect is minimal but exciting. As it stands, it takes 4 to 5 hours to complete. I'm not sure I'd replay it unless they added more storyline. It's worth the $20 price but I'm sure it'll go on sale at some point. It would be worth waiting if for no other reason, there might be more content by then."
76561198139594321,Recommended,261530,10905552,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spike Spiegel,hell trippy addictive game
76561197979999379,Recommended,261530,10910155,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,UncleMax,"I very enjoyable and imaginative return to the ""isolation"" style adventure game. LIfeless Planet returned some charm to the genre. Not too difficult...you will rarely get ""stuck"" for long. Perfect control interaction. A fine game for those who like a stress-free, leisurely game-playing experience. Not too long, but certainly not too short. Definitely worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,261530,11087219,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Meihem,"This game is alright, it has beautiful scenery as you get to walk along this dead planet. Lots of puzzles for people who enjoy thinking and such (not my strong point, constantly getting stuck. =/) This game also has a bit of a suspensful atmosphere to the game as you walk along. I give it a solid 8/10, would be higher if I wasnt getting stuck constantly. Makes it a bit harder to play for me. Most people probably wont have that problem, but if you have trouble with games that offer little help at time, then don't rush in thinking it will be easy."
76561197982547385,Recommended,261530,11089909,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,rickey1,awesome fun and tension packed adventure in a realistic story and world
,Recommended,261530,10897348,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RobotRogue,"Wow. Talk about underrated game.4.5 hours of my evening just evaporated into this game. And I couldn't be more pleased.This atmospheric puzzle platformer was an enchanting experience, mixed in with a subtle and absolutely sublime soundtrack. The narrative and method of telling the story kept me completely engrossed in the game, and left me pressing on until the eventual and rewarding end.Only two puzzles out of the many actually had me stumped. I'll say this, I'm terrible at puzzle games, and this game does not hold your hand, however the puzzles become fairly intuitive as you press on. But beware the 'forest'.The platforming and controls were quite solid, and one unique thing to note was the characters 'building up speed' as you continued to hold the directional button. Which is a mechanic you should familiarize yourself with, as it becomes important in a few of the platforming portions. There were maybe 3 platforming sections that irritated me, mostly because I didn't know which way to go, but one in particular was due to my inability to time my jumps. I don't fault the game for this at all.If you have 4-5 hours that you want to spend having a unique and pleasing experience? Then buy this game."
,Recommended,261530,11054508,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Great Lord Cthulhu,"A little short, but a fantastic story."
76561198107563625,Recommended,261530,11218600,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,McShortRound,"I became completely lost in this game and couldn'tstop playing! The landscapes are vast and well constructed and the plot, though simple is gripping. The game is short but highly recommended."
76561197977495995,Recommended,261530,11528492,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gronut,"This game is trapped between being a classic sci-fi story and a platforming puzzler, and as a result it's not great at either. The platforming and environmental puzzles are not very difficult most of the time, and some of the hazards will almost never actually endanger you. The story was what initially drew me in and I enjoyed it much more than the leaping about, but it nonetheless suffered from what might have been a lack of focus: your character will remark on minerals he stumbles upon as part of a scavenger hunt type activity but not at all about the far stranger and more relevant things in the scenery, and too many of these intriguing-looking elements end up as mundane duds or get ignored altogether. Several other gameplay elements appear to have been added to create tension and the appearance of scarcity but the scarcity is scripted and you end up not caring. Nonetheless, the core concept is intriguing and is doled out well enough, with decent visuals, such that I wanted to keep going and see what was over the next hill, and ultimately did not regret doing so. On the whole I enjoyed Lifeless PLanet, chiefly for its story, but recognize its failings that may get in the way of other people's good fun."
76561198022991018,Recommended,261530,11547300,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,dark_vamp1re,"Fantastic story and puzzle-solving game however a Lifeless planet 2 or DLC should be made to explain exactly where the character is now. Every puzzle is unique to the area and I just love puzzles. the next one should have much more complex puzzles however, so that gamers like me can have a real challenge."
,Recommended,261530,13108661,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Space Cops,"Its story based, very little action. get only if you like stories, since there is not too much else. My only compliant is that some transitions are very sudden, also the graphics are not ""amazing."" (though thats not the point of the game)"
,Recommended,261530,13274348,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"A nice atmospheric story-rich simple game. It's not much game-play wise: you switch by just wandering around, balancing on tall structures, and jumping through rocks and platforms. There are a few very simple puzzles. The jumping part is fun, accompanied by low gravity.The atmosphere is spot on. Nice dark ambient soundtrack and visuals are unique, and good looking, although there could be more detail in certain more monotonic geographical areas of the game. The story is very good, rich in mystery and even emotion. In addition to the story there are some collectibles, which surprised me as they were accompanied by some intelligent information. The game world is divided into many short levels, all of which are very varied and some are absolutely astonishing in terms of atmosphere and visuals.The game is short and can be finished in five hours, unless you (like me) get drawn in by the atmosphere and want to explore every corner. Suggested to people who like post apocalyptic atmosphere and mystery."
76561198039422557,Recommended,261530,12644280,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,HalfEatenSheep,"Farted my way across the planets surface and immediately found life, 10/10 would fart again."
76561198096383977,Recommended,261530,33594221,Posted: 16 July,all,Nathan Kerbonaut,"Super chill, some really good-looking scenes, and the mystery is nice too. Only complaints are the horrible character movement and random spikes in difficulty."
,Recommended,261530,13941791,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"Alright, basic description. Plot driven platforming and puzzle game; no combat, no action, not especially hard. That said its a fair game if you don't mind its type. The storyline is interesting, the puzzles aren't hard but they're diverting, and it's just plain fun to jetpack around. There's a certain amount of discovery, not much but enough, there's also some collectables and achievements.Anyway, this game is worth a look even if only to cleanse the palate of all your regular gorey games, but I'd probably wait on a sale for this one."
76561198202330858,Recommended,261530,25853336,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,happyhomemaker,"I just finished my first run through of this game.  I thoroughly enjoyed this game and its puzzles.  It was not a complicated game to understand, nor were the puzzles too difficult.  Everything seemed to make sense and the game kind of leads you into that direction.  My only question was that the oxygen depletion quests did not seem to be overly ""dangerous""...there was no real way to die without it being on purpose, so the challenge did not seem to be very challengy.  LOLThe overall story line was interesting.  The music was appropriate for the scenes, the dialogues were nice and even the Russian was well spoken Russian.  The graphics were well done and the keyboard commands were easy to use.After playing a few games that I felt like I lost several hours of my life, I do not feel that way with this game.  I thoroughly enjoyed the 10 hours I have spent on this game.  I happily recommend this game."
76561198236152610,Recommended,261530,34421548,Posted: 22 August,all,TheBloodSwiper,"Cool Game, just lacks a bit of details on the levels to truly feel immersed.If you like walk simulators with super easy puzzles, this is an alright game for you.Would like to see more details and such if future updates were to commence.Pros:- Straight Forward, yet somewhat ""open"" world as in you can try and go wherever you want to go.- Easy Controls.- Has somewhat of a story.- Good voice acting.Cons:- Not a game with graphics in focus.- Might get annoying with the fall damage system.- Some sounds might get annoying (like the looping sound at the Power Plant Teslas).- Cheap map design, alot of walking with low reasoning (if im being realistic here as incomparing it to a real life cenario of actualy having a space settlement).- DO NOT PRESS ANY NUMBERS, NEITHER THE § BUTTON WHILE IN GAME!( That needs a fix, pressed it while at the power station and it teleported me out of the map ).All in all, its was a cheap game ( bought it at 66% ) and not bad, but it could use some work on the detail and texture department.So go ahead and buy it if you enjoy space and walking simulators emerged into easy puzzles."
76561197971578911,Not Recommended,261530,11627393,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Flyboy Connor,"I cannot recommend this game if, like me, you are playing on a PC with a left-handed mouse, and tend to remap key bindings from WSAD configuration to something else. The game DOES support using the cursor keys to control your character, but DOES NOT support remapping any of the other keys. The need to combine the space key for jumping with camera control by left-handed mouse and cursor keys for movement is so awkward that this game becomes unplayable, considering that it requires very precise jumping.Too bad, because I was really interested in experiencing this game's story.I really do not understand why developers are willing to spend so much time on developing a game and then do not allow key remapping, which is quite easy to implement. Effectively, they are shutting out about 10% of their player base."
76561198041977109,Recommended,261530,26118502,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SoN9ne,"Not sure why this shows up on my Linux box as it's not playable on Linux... Steam issue thoGame is fun.  A nice mystery figuring out what has happened. It's nothing too grand so far and you do walk everywhere but it is labeled as a walking-simulator so... Overall, it keeps you intregued and the puzzels so far are nothing challenging. Still fun to play.UPDATE: It's on Linux due to the beta which I now installed. Only issue I noticed so far, known issue, is the audio is choppy until you get to the first ""survivor"""
76561198067420779,Recommended,261530,26082613,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rezorathor,"I'll be honest, it's not Game of the year potential but it is a nice platforming puzzle explorer. I didn't know the references in the story so it was largely new and quite interesting to me. The gameplay is consistent but not exactly great, turn rate in fine tuned platforming is kinda awkward but it does very well for it's jetpacking and puzzling elements. I also appreciated a new gadget that while not exactly original was well implemented. It's only about 2-3 hours long as well.Overall I'd say it's not really worth $20 but 10-15 is quite reasonable for my enjoyment. I liked the scifi story and the way it was built into the world. I liked the collectibles and the linear but not guided nature of the world. (There's usually only really one way to progress but it doesn't have a bigass arrow or a minimap pointing it out) The gameplay was good but not great in my opinion, although it seemed consistent and realistic. I think it's a little small but I'm under the impression it was one developer so for one person this is an awesome amount of material and story to put out and I was quite impressed. It won't revolutionize gaming and to be honest there are better indie games for less but this one is certainly a fine game that could be played on a day off. I'd probably give it a high 6 to 7/10 (my grading scale may be different from others, this is certainly passing respectably. 5/10 is my fail point personally.)"
,Recommended,261530,13588217,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[x] evergrib,Blew my mind. Marvelous. Fantastic.
76561198102399227,Not Recommended,261530,16992943,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wujek Spenser,"I bought it probably because there was a discount on it once on Steam and I just kept it in my libary for a while.I was playing it recently. To hell with those outdated graphics, but the game is not even optimized properly. I played it on my laptop whch runs Far Cry 3 with at least 30 FPS. But somehow my laptop was struggling with Lifeless Planet and the framerate was sometimes dropping below 20. You can choose the graphics quality from ""Fastest"" to ""Fantastic"", but there was no significant difference, so I kept it on lowest settings.But what about gameplay? Well, there we go. At the beginning it got me intrigued with the story so I kept playing, but as you go deeper into the game it turns out to be a platformer with poor (or lazy?) level design. And the plot turns into some kind of low budget sci-fi that you don't even have to bother about, because to most of it you have to read from the notes found around.Also the controls are not sharp, therefore there are some platforming you will repeat over and over due to that issue until you get it right. Otherwise it's just walking through a tunneled and long paths that are just boring. That's also because the character you control is slow and runs like he♥♥♥♥♥♥himself in his spacesuit.There are puzzles too, but they're not very challenging and won't take you longer than couple minutes to figure out and are usually repetetive, so all you'll have to focus on is to where to find the objects needed to solve the riddle.I guess somebody was too ambitious with making an indie game. It is a very mediocre independent game, but if you take note of the price, it is actually quite poor.3/10"
76561198051342019,Not Recommended,261530,16897840,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,jacques,"I saw the trailer and thought ""Walking through a Soviet town in Mars? I'm in!"" But the town turned out to be not so much as a town, and Mars is not Mars, but a ~lifeless planet~. And walking got old. I mean, you can skip and jump, use a jetpack and then an extended jetpack, later even play with a robot arm, but in the end it's just not that entertaining. The game's physics isn't perfect: you get stuck in places and need to restore to the nearest checkpoint, I mean if you're asking 19,99€ for a game, at least make it work like it should. Thank god I bought it with 50% off."
,Recommended,261530,11579645,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,n3o,"Pretty unique game. But awesome sounds track and story line, definitely worth a try and something to pick up at the next STEAM summer sale."
,Recommended,261530,11655035,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Simon The Big Meme,Good game
76561198038570177,Recommended,261530,9395200,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ryder,Lovely job... great atmosphere.   This developer is on to something...
76561198009044801,Recommended,261530,10415572,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,EventMarker,"Lifeless Planet is anything but lifeless, from the first moments of isolation to final moments of realization ""Lifeless Planet"" keeps you hooked. My favorite detail of Lifeless Planet is how it allows your imagination to paint a spectacular picture of what transpired on the desolate world you find yourself on; a small note left amid ruins, a communications tower long quiet, and many more all carefully scattered throughout the world. Fun puzzle gameplay, intriguing story and a suitable environment make this game a winner.TLDR;STORY: 8/10GAMEPLAY: 7/10SOUND/MUSIC: 9/10CONTROLS: 7/10OVERALL: 7.75/10"
,Recommended,261530,10389640,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,CJay [Colten Little] ✌,This game is stunning. I've only spent a small amount of time playing and I am already hooked on it.  It's worth playing if you enjoy a good story and excellent graphics.
76561198072203607,Recommended,261530,9441922,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Gorgeousplanet,"I had this pleasure of playing this at PAX 2012 with the creator and it has not failed to capture my attention again. Don't let the deceptively austere environment fool you - there is a high amount of detail and the atmosphere helps build the mysteriousness of the story. As for audio, music is sparse - in a good way. The tracks build slowly and help illuminate the progress you've made. I really enjoy exploring open-world environments to find hidden secrets, and this game rewards you with bits and pieces of information relevant to the story. You can die, as I did during a variety of the platforming style puzzles, but thankfully a checkpoint system is in place that doesn't put you too far back from your current position. It's unusual for a game to have no interface on-screen, but it really helps heighten the enjoyment of the overall ambience the game is trying to exude.I love everything about it so far, and am so excited to see what else is in store!"
76561197970384883,Recommended,261530,10372102,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,FHDA,64%
,Recommended,261530,9815700,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Rasty,"This game is surely atmospheric and sucks you in from the get-go. Anyway, while I still feel to recommend it, please be aware of the following flaws (consider I've played through it until the end of the current version):- Gameplay is pretty rewarding but for now there is not all that much more to do besides exploring and platforming- The engine is *very* resources-intensive despite the overall lack of detail of the sceneryI look forward to the{LINK REMOVED}updates!http://store.steampowered.com/app/261530/#"
,Recommended,261530,10382435,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Skywalker,"I have been waiting for a game like this!Stunning visuals, scenes that are mesmerizing -- I was hooked from the start and did not let up until I finished it!But I hope the developers will add more content soon because I am seriously going to miss the atmosphere!"
,Recommended,261530,10328233,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,OneTrueJoker,"This game, eventhough quite short at the moment was amazing... a new mystery every 20 minutes and more parts to add to the puzzle! 9/10 loved this, can't wait for future updates!"
,Recommended,261530,12741404,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,shackett11,"This game is focussed on uncovering pieces of the story at fairly regular intervals and tries not to slow this process down too much with difficult puzzels or frustrating action segments - some may say it's too easy, but I don't think that's the point here.The achievement for completing in under 4 hours would require a player to go through fairly quickly and not take much time to admire the beautiful landscapes portayed throughout - personally I completed in 5 hours with a bit of time spent just looking around.A nice story line, will be interesting to see if a sequel is made - I would certainly fund a kickstarter for that!Thank you for a great game!"
76561197960463127,Recommended,261530,13124849,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,jimmyg1968,I didn't know what this game was about when I bought it.  I picked it up because I was curious why everyone was playing it.  The game has an original fresh feel to it.  The fictional story carries you from one area to another like a leave on the wind.  During your travels you will learn that man is not perfect.
76561198114309849,Recommended,261530,9910566,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,cjenkinson,"evenly paced planetary exploration with a twist. Only problem is....too short. Semi hard puzzle solving. I bought beta version and perhaps that is why to short and many of the displayed sites and situations are missing....else wise...well worth the time invested. didn't find any bugs during my play but there are some per the developers. Could have developed the russian/alien woman a little more though. I pretty much was alone except for two brief appearences by her. Didn't save my life, actually the game would have progressed just as well without her. Couple of mini jump scares like the tornado and the boulder slide.That's all for now...."
,Recommended,261530,9584181,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Dragonian,Great Game! I can't wait for the full game to be available. Just a small bit to play and I am hooked.
,Recommended,261530,10387830,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,«AS»Nitrocloud,An interesting game that really makes you consider what a first contact with an intelligent alien species would be like.
76561198058853332,Recommended,261530,24073517,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Brother_Webb,"8/10Great music, very expansive atmosphere, compelling storyline, intense moments, yet mostly casual gameplay. Very beautifully done. Well worth playing."
76561198047692810,Recommended,261530,24360207,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,SanityCzech,"I bought this game in a very trying time for me, some stuff I won't go into details about had wrecked all my♥♥♥♥♥♥in the real world so I decided to give the then greenlit Lifeless Planet a shot.I quickly pulled into the story, despite not liking games where you're the only person going through stuff. The story is surprisingly attractive and had me thinking about this game years after the fact (I think I bought/finished it like 2 years ago or something like that and am just now getting to the review)Its a thought provoking game, I recommend it."
76561198003809670,Recommended,261530,24123513,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Teezmeyer,"Get this one when it goes on sale again.An alien world, a weirdly hot Russian chick and a soundtrack that will remind you of Vangelis and Tangerine Dream at times.  What's not to like?"
,Recommended,261530,10425826,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Aruk,"An amazing game,have fun and enjoy it."
76561198104191093,Recommended,261530,10192589,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Skippy McGee,this game is great keeps me thinking there is going to be a jump scare but the biggest issue with this game so far is when i die by taking fall damage the camera doesnt reset and it stays where i diedand even when I restart the checkpoint the camera is still stuck there so I have to quit and re-open the game.
,Recommended,261530,9665994,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Attila Hellsfury,Very nice direction this game goes :)  But don't forget is still in development and is Early Access Game.
76561197998070018,Recommended,261530,12452852,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MeanOgreGrr,"A short trip onto an alien world. Gameplay is part walking simulator and part platformer, the environments look great and keep an almost creepy unsettling feel to them. This was an enjoyable play."
,Recommended,261530,30154312,Posted: 24 February,all,Freeman,"Simple game with a lot of exploration to go about, I love the environment, music, and the simplicity of the game.You play as astronaut on a lost unknown planet, you go around collecting data, and solving many puzzles including jumping puzzles, the game is challenging and I wouldn't expect anyone to survive from their first try playing the game, cause it's too easy to make any mistakes, and that what keeps the game challenging and fun.The story is simple and unique providing a lot of real time information and SIC IF induced story line,the game purpose is single player so if you are not familier or get bored alone easy, then i wouldn't recommend playing this on your own.Great work on the game and I'm hoping to see more !"
,Recommended,261530,16607950,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Qmi,"-Excellent story telling, nice finale,-easy puzzles, a little linear if you dont like to explore"
76561198143648164,Not Recommended,261530,14476207,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,l.leigh,"I was looking forward to playing this.  It looked beautiful, and supposedly had a compelling story, complete with mystery and a sci-fi sort of feel to it.What I got was 8 hours of walking through deserts, and a few notes about how the humans destroyed this planet almost as soon as they arrived.Gameplay: Walk, run, and occasionally die at the same platform leap every time.  About 5 (very easy) puzzles in the whole game, I don't think I spent even 15 minutes total on puzzles.  Platforming, a few very very VERY tricky jumps but mostly a clear line where there's only one possible path to take, high above everything else so it stands out.  Walk, follow the green track (or footprints), avoid traps that are off to the sides of the footprints.  Walk across dunes. Walk across rocks. Walk up hills.  Walk alongside a canyon.  Walk up to a building. Find a note outside. All the doors are boarded up, so continue walking.Story: *SPOILERS* (well as much as there is anything to spoil anyway)I'm on this planet. My crew is missing. Oh there's an abandoned soviet town. Oh my crew is dead.  Oh the soviets are dead. Oh the planet is dead.  The notes say the Soviets killed everything on the planet because they used the sole energy source for power.  Humans kill everything.  Wait, there's one woman! Follow her.  Walk.Super game breakers:I might have still enjoyed the game except for the jarring limits placed on me.  Oxygen ALWAYS runs out when there's a refill exactly far enough away that I almost pass out right when I reach it.  Oxygen refills last 8 (in game) hours, or overnight and half of the next day.  Jetpack ALWAYS gets a booster right before I have to make a series of long jumps.  The booster will last until I make the last jump in the set, and run out immediately afterward.  The boosted jetpack was lots of fun, two levels made great use of it's superior platforming abilities.The world looks HUGE until you realize that there's invisible walls preventing you from getting too far off track.  (With the exception of the forest level where I wandered around in mist for a full hour until I rage quit, looked up a walkthrough, STILL couldn't find the way out, and finally found the answer on a forum here on Steam).  Most of the game felt like the creators were pushing me into one path and saying ""Go THAT way! And get there on THIS path! Don't look for shortcuts, we're taking your climbing ability.""The ""Save and Quit"" function is broken. The only way to quit was ALT/F4 or Task Manager -> End Task.  The save might put you back a level when you restart the game.In-Game options don't work.Overall:Graphics - 9Platforming - 5 (some levels 0, some levels 8)Story - 3Puzzles - 2Submersion - NonexistentGameplay - 4 (A few good sections boosted it)I would not have bought this if any of the descriptions had showed what to expect."
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,261530,11651934,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,pinkGrendel,"For once trust the metascore, a cool premise but very clumnsy execution. Sure it was made by a tiny dev team, but the game should have been much shorter and those parts more polished - it really drags on. Plagued by poorly executed physics and extremely buggy mechanics, The ""Quit and Save"" option in the menu doesn't save!!! It just remembers your last MAJOR (not minor) checkoint. I desperately wanted to like this game but in the end I couldn't."
76561198057721688,Recommended,261530,15357419,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Foabias,"Better Than AverageIt's a nice game but I really don't think it's worth 20€. I played this game through in less than five hours and I'm really not interested to go back for achievements. It's still a beautiful experience nonetheless.+ HUGE world. HUGE+ Jetpack (With the Extended Boost). Really fun+ OK music+ Atmospheric - Varying moods+ The voice of some of the voice actors sound really cool+ The story and the atmosphere work really well together- Huge world (It's a good thing on the first playthrough, but when you're hunting achievements? Ergh.)- A few puzzles are either obscure, require spot-on movement or lots of walking. Just a few though.- The choice of music for creating the mood is sometimes very off. For example, scary music plays when there's nothing scary.- Sometimes, some of the voice actors have trouble immersing in their roles- Story telling feels a bit confusing sometimes. It's like they forget that we don't know some things, and accidentally skip those parts. Luckily, that doesn't happen too often.- Graphics feel a tad bit cheap sometimes, compared to some other games. Probably so that they could create that huge world."
,Recommended,261530,16435093,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Whalerguy,"Great story, leaves you wanting more.The gameplay is the exact opposite.Buy for $5 or less and be sure you like graphic novels."
,Recommended,261530,15846869,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,buriedmealive,Just completed it. Great story! Very relaxing game to kill a couple of hours
76561198136093686,Recommended,261530,16141540,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,marshymellowme,Loved it.
76561198033387908,Recommended,261530,16419759,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,frontlinefallguy,Great kinda strange game. Lots of walking. Rarely elaborated narative makes you keep looking for the next reveal:
76561198113773626,Recommended,261530,12496202,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SS.Ash ♥JadeHeart♥,Very Fun Exploring Indie Game :) wish i had time to complete it.
76561198022218461,Not Recommended,261530,18018771,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Story Books,"The game Lifeless Planet is one that feels like it has potential, but ultimately falls short.The story seems like it could be fascinating, but unless you take the time to go out of your way to search out every single tape in the game you are left with something that feels fairly generic at best.The game mechanics that are presented seem to work fairly well, but they're all things we've seen a thousand times before (with the possible exception of the robotic arm which was terribly under utilized). They really start to quickly feel samey.There are moments when you need to refill your oxygen tanks or top off your jetpack for some jumping puzzles which I felt were kind of hit-and-miss in their appeal. However, there isn't any kind of gauge or timer for either tank. You only need to bother with oxygen when the creators felt like having you worry about it at seemingly random points in the story. The jetpack also lacks any kind of gauge or limitation on it's longevity. You can try the puzzle and use as many boosts as you feel like all day long. But, no matter how quickly or slowly you solve a challenge, the jetpack's fuel level mysteriously goes low again a short distance away.The game feels like it has so much wasted potential. It's entertaining for a while, but quickly becomes dull and repetitive.If you want to try this game out, by all means do so. Just wait until it's steeply discounted in a sale."
76561198067556154,Recommended,261530,10416634,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,nashathedog,"This is a thoroughly enjoyable puzzler and one of the best games I've played so far in 2014. It was bug free,  It ran smoothly and the vista's were visually beautiful.The quality of this release put's the work of so many of the big triple A title companies to shame that it's a credit to those that worked on it and a must have title for your collection.Don't miss out on an enjoyable romp through the Lifeless Planet."
,Recommended,261530,16872034,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Aesir21,"An amazing game where music sets the mood. Video and audio of the game flow together spectacularly. It is the game that makes you wonder about your choice in life and future possibility. I loved the sound track so much I bought it, I usually just torrent music but the author creates something alive. I would recommend the game to anybody who wants to have enjoy the music, mystery and atmospheric adventure, you will do a lot of walking in this game, thank god for the jet pack. If you are looking for action gun shooting or RPG you won't find it here. I loved that messages found sometimes had genuine Russian recording with English translation in text. It is so rare to find that in the game in order to make that authentic.Thank you very much for the experience and wonder the game has provided and showed me."
,Recommended,261530,12407703,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,n00br,atleast they didn't lie.. this game really is lifeless
76561198029828587,Not Recommended,261530,10393004,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Melancholic,"Only a few hours in but the puzzles aren't complex enough to hold interest and the graphics aren't really good enough to bring the story to life in a cinematic way like a game such as 'Dear Esther' did.The screen shots look nice but they are a bit of a cheat as you'lll notice that it's mostly soft focus out door scenery. Anything close up such as building interiors looks really, really bad. It's not an unplayable game, it just is NOT worth the amount of money they are asking at the moment. Wait for a sale."
76561198064339041,Not Recommended,261530,10327702,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mr.Red,"I love it... Fun atmosphere.. Dont want it to end! cant wait for full release <-- Early access review. After playing the full game, the developers should be ashamed. Its really short on content for  20 dollars, although I must say I loved the story and overall feeling and immersion of the game. The developer should refund the people who bought the early acess because that was exactly the same as the full release and lets face it, I saw no difference. It was great in  the beta, but for a full game release.. 3.5hrs of content just isnt worth it  The Content for the money just wasnt worth it in my opinion when you can get much more content in other games for $20. Story line shouldve went farther then it did as it was short to begin with, leaves a cliff hanger and there is no planned DLC or sequel. I feel like I wasted money. Shameful this game ended up cut short. It had potential and a really good atmosphere feeling when you played it but the developer seemed to just want to release it and make money quickly and cut the game short with minimal content. I would reccomend this if the price came down from its price when reviewed."
,Recommended,261530,11136379,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ozgarden,Un coin de détente. Une promenade pour les amoureux de planètes. Une goutte de SF. Beau. Inégal. Linéaire somme toute.
,Recommended,261530,16944175,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Rubin Simons,"Wow. I cannot overstate how great this game is. I am going through my game library, playing games that I haven't given their due time, and Lifeless Planet was one of them. So here I am, just going to try this game for a few minutes..I could not put it down. The story, the exploration, really an amazingy cool game! Highly recommended! 11/10."
,Not Recommended,261530,32473353,Posted: 16 June,all,Farmerbrown,The first time I consulted a a walkthrough just to see how many boring areas there were left before the end.
,Not Recommended,261530,12994329,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Evaheist,"It's always both surprising and depressing when a video game uses only a single game mechanic for the entirety of it, and that mechanic is implemented as poorly as possible.I cannot even fathom what others here who claim that this game has no bugs played but it certainly wasn't Lifeless Planet. You see, this game is one of those which wants you to experience the views and vistas while having minimal interaction with anything else. No shooting, no big puzzles. Running and jumping.The story starts out very intruiging and leads to a sub-standard and cliche'd ending. Running and jumping at first seems enjoyable and even quite fun and exciting until you jump from one rock to another for the 1000th time and wish the game would throw something different at you already, or just end. The jumping mechanic itself is done as poorly as possible. Yes it works, but barely. I kept getting stuck on rocks and canyons and the almost non-existent air control after a jump mostly lead to an untimely death.The best thing about Lifeless Planet is the music and the artistic concept of some of the environments. Because even though technically this game is nothing to look up to, it definitely has great atmosphere and you almost always feel alone and helpless on an alien planet. The orchestrated music, as I previously mentioned, is brilliant. I would recommend listening to the soundtrack because along with the atmosphere, it's the only thing holding this game up.Definitely not worth full price and definitely not for those who are looking for a long or special experience. The abundance of graphical glitches and audio bugs (music and sfx would suddenly disappear in many of the levels) hold this title back from becoming a true triumph.Treat the game as a 5-hour experiment from a promising bunch of indie developers and you'll probably find something to like. If you approach it with hopes of experiencing anything above standard (except for the music) it will lead to sour disappointment."
76561197989410470,Not Recommended,261530,18329383,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ZombieHunter,Should be called Lifeless Game.If following a trail of green goo while jumping around in poorly designed platform areas and solving a handful of puzzles is your type of game then go for it. If you enjoy a story that makes absolutely no sense and tries to be artistic but comes off as cheesy and amateur then your in luck. This is the game for you.My advice is to stay away...far away.
76561198031003291,Recommended,261530,11581787,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Party Pete,"If you want to play a game that has poor map design, a storyline that makes you ask yourself ""What,"" every five seconds, and a poorly design UI, this game is for you! 10/10 dollars wasted"
76561198025304381,Not Recommended,261530,18285959,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,phlangeface,...
,Not Recommended,261530,24450176,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,cseepe,"I'm open to trying most games, even if they aren't top budget productions. I gave this game a good shot and got maybe 20%(?) of the achievements in an hour or so of game play. It wasn't satusfying in any way. I commend the independent development company for making a go of it but at the end of the process, the game still has to deliver some tangible game play value. This game seemed more of an exerrcise of programming than any serious thought in game play.At any price, it's still not worth hours of your life, especially with so many other well-designed and thoughtful low-price game product available on Steam."
,Not Recommended,261530,14563030,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Phonophobie,"I tried this game because I liked the setting and the story sounded interessting. In the beginning the game was great and the story was captivating. Unfortunatelly this feeling changed after the first hours, somehow you got a clear view where the story was going, there where no real suprises anymore. Also the gameplay became very repetive. I only played this to the end, because I wanted to see the story end, but the ending itself was someking flavorless.Nice idea, but 	implementation is unsatisfactory."
,Recommended,261530,19786452,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LowJack_VA1,"I found this game to be fun and additive, but extremely frustrating at the same time.  My hours in the this game reflect a single playthrough LOL!  For those of you who got through it in <6 hours you are probably laughing at me, but it is what it is.  Here is my review.* This game has a very good story (I LOVED THE ENDING WITH THE SOVIET CHICK!!!)* This had to be the most easy to control third-person game I've ever played* Most of the levels are huge with absolutely nothing in them, which causes a problem with an explorer like me* There is no mapping or objectives or anything like that, which lends itself to the fact that you are on your own, but in some areas it just left me completely lost because of the completely cavernous levels and no directionI was having a lot of fun until the last four levels, which just felt like PITAs that I had to do to finish the game.  There done, so there.There you go!"
76561198043365304,Not Recommended,261530,12413957,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,taiconan,"Don't be fooled by the thumbs down. This was actually a fun (if not short) game. It reminded a bit of Journey in that you feel the world is vast and that you could play through the game multiple times and not find everything.However! Graphics ARE simple. Even the cinematics have a minimalistic feel.NOT worth $20 IMO, but possibly $10? It's got it's strength at being quite creepy. But to be honest, without commiting to the feel, it all feels slightly bland.Don't get me wrong, if you're reading this while it's on 50%+ sale, I'd likely recommend it to you! (unless you just like to run slackjaw through halls with your finger holding down a trigger.) Pick it up! Not super original, but the atmosphere is well done, and if you like a fairly intruiging premise (mostly told through found audio logs and reading text) you (probably) won't be disappointed.Just not at this $20 price point.Mildly entertaining. 6/10Admittedly struggled with a bit of the platforming elements due to the clunky ""turning"" on small platforms. Which often lead to my horrible death by gravity.'D*MN YOU SPACE SUIT! D*MN YOUUUUU!' *SPLAT!*"
,Not Recommended,261530,12514130,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Niberium,"Grabs you at the beginning, but then after first 20-25 min just falls apart. In the beginnning you need oxygen, but then you don't, first you can only double jump, so rocks are precisely are just double jump away from each other, then you get multi jump, so imediately they are much further away from each other. It just stops giving you story or hints after 20 min and gives you huge boring walking/jumping part which never ends, and if you fail checkpoint can be far away, which also takes away all the desire to boringly jump same jumps again. More like Preciselycraftedformetojumpbetweenrocks Planet."
,Not Recommended,261530,12396903,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Tyto,there is an impassable door quite far into the game making it unbeatable. feels like i wasted 3 hours of my life for nothing
76561198070458429,Not Recommended,261530,12467495,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Deezee,"Easy puzzles, terrible writing and a childish plot.  Its nothing more than a kiddies game with a Sci Fi plot.... and an utterly poor one at that."
,Not Recommended,261530,12515001,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Natural_1,"To start things of, leave this game be. It's an unrewarding walking/trampoline simulator. With the many bugs and glitches, this game doesn't feel worth the 20 EUR."
76561198039190860,Not Recommended,261530,12528283,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Jag Wire,"Let me start by saying that this game definitely does a few things right. The atmosphere is great and the overbearing loneliness of the situation is made very appearent, especially because of the soundtrack. Now, that being said, this game does fall flat in a few aspects. The journey is long, and I'm not saying that that's a bad thing, but it suffers from something that I think a lot of games are sometimes a culprit of; waiting.Example: There's a rocky platform that I need to get up onto in order to progress the narrative. Although, instead of just being able to scamper on up to it, I have to use a lift. Unfortunately the power is out so I need to follow the cables to the source to get it back on. I do that and then the path I took there crumbles and now I have to take a longer way to get back to the lift. Once I've made it, I then have to turn it on and time my jumps carefully to get from ground to platform, and finally, onto the path to move forward. The platforming in this game is very basic to say the least, but to put off the story to go make the player perform a tedious and time consuming jumping puzzle just to get back onto the right track is pointless. Why? Why couldn't I have just flipped a switch next to the lift to get it going, or maybe a master power switch just a few yards away? Instead I traveled a few football fields just to accomplish the mundane task of turning a lift on.I really wanted to like this game and i must say that, at least in the beginning, I was completely immersed in the lonely astronaut's plight. The peril of being abandoned on an alien planet 15 years from home is projected well and the look of everything is quite forlorn. The big problem is that the game itself doesn't seem to want you to progress through it. It constantly makes you stop and worry about doing the next thing to make a door open or a path become available.There are other areas where the only way to go is onward, but you have to make it across multiple platforms. This isn't so bad, but the jumping mechanics aren't very fun to begin with. The astronaut has barely any weight to him and his movement is slippery making for a few frustrating retries at certain points. The jetpack only adds to the grief, sometimes causing you to overshoot a jump, die, and be taken back to the beginning of the platforming encounter to try again.Overall I enjoyed the first 1 or 2 hours, but then all of the problems I mentioned above started impeding my progress and began to drag it out way too long. Once I reached the end, instead of feeling accomplished for what I had done, I just felt relieved that it was finally over. It all felt like a chore. You can call this game a platformer but the fact that it can't do that right makes it a mediocre experience. The story is the high point most definitely. If only the controls were tighter and the level design wasn't so focused on having platforming obstacles just for the sake of platforming."
76561197970514742,Not Recommended,261530,12544675,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,merovign,"A largely empty world, a lot of running, interesting premise and atmosphere, design decisions sink it.Good: Atmosphere, balance of difficulty, intriguing ideas, good-enough graphics, lots of area.Bad: sluggish turning+jumping puzzles+CHECKPOINT SAVES sink it.If not for the checkpoint saves I'd have given it full marks. The only indication they were there is a vague mention in the Mac version update - features like this NEED to be listed, would not have bought if I knew."
,Recommended,261530,13891674,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,EnchaJini,"I'm Rather Enjoying this game. so far as a reviewer and a youtuber. it's a different type of game i wouldnt usually play but i am enjoying it non the less. theres variances where it feels like a horror game, or a survival. and sometimes a Puzzle game all rolled into a atmospheric enviroment and music. on a planet far from home with a limited oxygen supply.i do reccommend people to play this game."
,Recommended,261530,14151561,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,βɌѦѴΞβ∑₳Ɽ,"Very very amusing game with original plot, simple intuitive mechanics, and pretty good gameplay.There are actually 2 plots in the game, and I really like both.The game has simple graphics, is quite short, cut scenes and level changes are premitive, but this game never gets boring from start to finish.8 from 10 points.Recommend to anyone who wants something different from what he usually play."
,Recommended,261530,13320415,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,aHead,"Awesome game. But don't rush it, take your time, enjoy the athmosphere, the music, the landscape and so on. The background is fantastic, the emotions are real, i strongly advise it to every Sci fi fans, it's a real movie you take part in.By the way i found it a bit expensive (i bought it for 20 euros) since it is pretty short (about 6-7 hours to finish it, but believe me i'll restart a new game soon enough !)."
76561198129110080,Recommended,261530,13918822,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,K9Xander,"Awesome little game for what it's worth. If you like story driven games this is up your alley. The only point off would be for some of the platformer mechanics at some points, and I personally loved the airy, lack of stuff backgrounds."
76561197998547733,Not Recommended,261530,16583511,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kalyarin,"Just about the only real positive of this was the story. This is not a game in my opinion, it is an interactive movie. A relatively boring one at that. The only reason any of the puzzles were difficult was because of mediocre game play. I found that a lot of games really only show a fraction of what the game can be in their demo movie. Not in this case. The entire game is nothing but running and jumping.That being said, it isn't a complete waste. The story is good. If you want to ""play a game"" that is little more than walking and jumping through a tale, then this one is worth trying out. I wouldn't pay much for it though. I paid $10 on sale and felt like I overpaid."
76561198043168148,Not Recommended,261530,17463158,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,[MG] oMittens,this game is boring
,Not Recommended,261530,18196229,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,stutzguitar,pretty dang lifeless how do i get my money back for this dog?
76561198042585169,Recommended,261530,32479630,Posted: 16 June,all,B. Wiggs,"The mysterious atmosphere of outer space, accompanied by an ominous musical score, and the lore of a science fiction novel makes Lifeless Planet a solid adventure game. While Lifeless Planet is an indie game, it surprisingly has more levels than expected with a good amount of variety. Mineral samples, Russian data logs, the appropriate illusion of exploratory vastness, and its all to yourself, or is it? Platforming is par for the course in this game and it does require some momentum or a running start for some jumps, but I give Lifeless Planet the benefit of the doubt here. After all, a jetpack alone sounds difficult enough without being in space. It is a stunning game the first time around and its story has an interesting and different point of view about the Space Race. Despite its namesake, Lifeless Planet has plenty of life in it."
76561198038892067,Recommended,261530,30213075,Posted: 26 February,all,kaay,"Ok lets start with the end: is it worth the asking price?Considering what other games you could get on Steam for the same price id say definitely not worth the aksing price.What kind of game this is?It is built on the base of a walking simulator, with very good atmosphere added to it and more importantly, a very good story.There is not much else i could add, basically the gameplay treats you, the player, as a mouse in a maze, thats all there is to it, just find the right way in the maze to get your mouse food...namely advance the story, which its quite interesting, so the reward for your mouse-in-the-maze endeavour is quite good, no complaints there.Wont take you more than 7-8 hrs to finish the game, and the gameplay is basically find your way through a maze...sounds bad...but it isnt, because this game is more than the sum of its parts.The saving grace is a very good idea for the story and a very good atmosphere.A memorable little game that i recommend with all my heart, but definitely NOT for the full price, i wish the developer came to his senses and priced his game in accordance to other steam games, which will allow more players to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,261530,21845547,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,KarmaEnforcer,"(Full disclosure, haven't completed this game, but have spent about 3 hours playing) I have no idea how to feel about this game. On the one hand, the story is interesting and pulls me forward. However, at no point in a well designed game should I be asking myself ""is that how I was supposed to get here?"" And more importantly, I should not be CONSTANTLY asking myself that question. And I am. The controls are gluey and frequently result in falling off ledges and platforms that you need to be following. And you will be doing A LOT of platforming, making the sticky controls unforgivable. But I still want to know what happens next. I want to know the story of this far-away planet. So I'm torn. If you like a good story, then play this game. If you hate platforming, and especially hate trying to do it when your little astronaut will likely fall off the other end or overshoot the platform with no way to control the fall, stay far the ♥♥♥♥ away from this game."
,Recommended,261530,21479482,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Exion,"Exciting, interesting , a little scary , good graphics, atmospheric and suitable ambient music. Certainly a game that should be tested."
,Recommended,261530,16187149,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,"A fun and spooky romp across the surface of a strange planet. What mysteries will you uncover? No matter what they are, you will manage to get frustrated once or twice while fidding with the wonky jumping controls."
,Not Recommended,261530,22482571,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vault101Dude,I liked the story enough to keep playing but the gameplay wasn't engaging enough for my taste. Really felt like going for a 4 hour walk. Felt like an unfinished game. There are hints of things the developers wanted to include.
,Recommended,261530,22364954,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Papallion,"All in all I enjoyed Lifeless Planet, and I do recommend people play it.  It's pretty good, but not great.  It's otherworldly and the puzzles are good without being too obscure, though there was one puzzle the made me look up the answer.   I also thought the story pacing was pretty off, and it seemed to come from nowhere.The game did a good job of making me feel alone and unsure.  The controls are spot on and the graphic do their job well.  The green is especially striking on the barren rock, and the weird plants are pretty creepy and neat.  I enjoyed my time with it and would recommend it, so long as you understand the story pacing is wonky.  I went in after reading a review it was a slow game, and that helped my enjoyment of it greatly.  Seven stolen cheese wheels out of ten."
,Recommended,261530,27991604,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Riley The Direwolf,"As far as the 'story' goes? This is right up my alley. The graphics aren't the best but I never expected them to be. Controlling the character isn't exactly smooth but compared to a lot of other games, it's pretty good. Sometimes you might get stuck because you don't know what to do or something. I find that a shame, but the dev is really helpful if you e-mail them."
,Recommended,261530,14032401,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ＫＯＤＡ²,"This game was great, really became quickly interested in the story, and trying to find out what happened, all in all I would recomend it to people looking for a mild puzzle game with a great story and the beauty and eireness of a distant planet form Earth."
,Not Recommended,261530,28609770,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,krinchan,"Gamepley was pretty bland and has a lot of random...weird mechanics that feel punishing and artifical as opposed to actually enjoyable.  I'll put up with a lot of stuff in the name of a weird WTF story, but this was pretty bad.In the Chasm level, I ended up falling through the world four times in the course of an hour.The part that really just made me nope out and refund the game was suddenly, for what appeared to be no reason, the game told me I no longer had multiple jet pack boosts.  It then immediately presented me with a jump that required *perfect* timing of your single jet pack to just barely make a jump.  The jump felt pretty ""pixel perfect"" too, in that I basically spent the next 5 minutes dying to the exact same jump over and over Super Meat Boy style.  An artificial and arbitrary difficulty spike in what up to that point had been a smooth and enjoyable navigational puzzle learning curve just murdered any interest in the whole story and game."
76561198064300633,Recommended,261530,10382403,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,gaming malarkey,Oh my god this game is so good atleast to me I love the atmosphere there is a lot of just walking around so if you don't like that this game is not for you as of the point I have reached so far there is no combat nor do I expect there to be there is platforming if you are interetsed but the main draw is the storyline I love it and will be playing more whenever I can
,Recommended,261530,10403903,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Cenotaph,I would safely recommend this game to anyone.
76561198004635224,Recommended,261530,10405404,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,NecroDamus,Amazing game you will forget about time and play this game. I haven't played this type of game since the 90s amazing. if you played mist or Uru you'll love this game.
76561198008366012,Recommended,261530,10406574,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,MorphNightmare,Borring♥♥♥♥♥♥- waste of money!
76561197960771512,Not Recommended,261530,10808391,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Le_Brochet,"I'm all about indie games and exploration games, but this game is definately not worth it. 20$ is a rip-off price, this game is worth 2-3$ top.I was fooled by the trailer and even more foolish not to do further research about this game. I saw a lot of good reiews and comments, so I decided to buy it.I understand this is not a typical or classic game and that I shouldn't expect an advanced gameplay, but this, I would not even call this a game. All you can do is follow a path, jump obstacles and solve really basic puzzles. I mean what game has an achievement to complete it under 4 hours?"
76561197993316439,Not Recommended,261530,10899648,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pegastar,"It pains me to put a 'not recommended' mark here. (Also was not an early access contributor).The game starts out with a brilliant concept, beautiful visuals and atmosphere.It quickly turns into jumping puzzles. Then more jumping puzzles, then vaguely timed jumping puzzles. Then jumping puzzles in the dark with no clear path, leading to keyboard-snapping frustration.I approached this expecting an exploration/story/adventure game, in the same vein as Dear Esther. The first hour or so of that game is exactly that, until it jumps off the rails and becomes Slender with jumping puzzles.The one thing that kept me on task to finish the game were the visuals, straight out of 60-70's era sci-fi, beautiful and eerie. Come for the visuals, leave before the jumping puzzles make you kick the wall."
76561198079315710,Recommended,261530,10922387,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SKELETON KING,"Pretty much my favorite indie game ever.  Worth the 20 dollers, 10/10."
,Not Recommended,261530,10947258,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,waterbottles,"I really dont think this is really much of a good game.  U just run around making ur way through beautifully designed enviornments, but like the main thing ur doing is just running around and it gets very boring.  Interesting story but kinda cliche and not very interactive at all.  I would not recommend this game for its current price especially"
,Not Recommended,261530,10981920,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,sukk1e,After a while it all feels the same. Also people say it has no bugs? I got stuck to the part where you get a booster pack. Later on I got lost and didn't had my booster anymore and I fell to that same place which made it autosave but no renewed booster. Now I need to restart the game from start T_T
76561198108888178,Recommended,261530,11555345,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,[BROTY] GhostofMandalore,"This is the best puzzle game since Limbo for me.  It is amazing.  Very well done for an Indie game.  If you enjoyed Limbo, you'll love this game."
76561197994957486,Recommended,261530,9836249,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,mkdizainas,awesome game!!!
76561198084936408,Recommended,261530,9504278,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mr Cloudy,some good things:lay outgood storycharacterssome bad things:short storyends two earlyhalf boring half funQuestions:why at the end does it say ive finnished the demo?And can i move on?
,Recommended,261530,10174369,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,ProbablePrime,Appears to be Final Fantasy 7 In Space with Russians
,Not Recommended,261530,10438239,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Oliver,"I really tried to like this game, and I really want to recommend this game but unfortunately the gameplay ruined the experience.Gameplay-wise, this game offers almost nothing but jumping puzzles. And most of them are tedious and artificially difficult. I can understand that the creator wanted the player to feel alone in a vast, lifeless planet. This interactive experience does a bad job being a game, but delivers on other aspects. The story, atmosphere and music is good but you can't judge a game by its story, music or atmosphere. It is a ""game"" after all.The pacing of the environment and story is very good. You never feel tired or bored in one location. The levels, in terms of aesthetics, are unique and you are never stuck on one level too long. You aren't stuck because the game is too easy. The puzzles aren't hard, clever or well designed (in my opinion). And the pacing of the gameplay is also pretty bad. In the beginning you are introduced to your oxygen-meter, which by the way is non-existent. The first thing you do is struggle for air, and when you do find a supply, the game tells you that you have 8 hours of oxygen. This number is of course not real, and you  could potentially spend an eternity without ever needing to find a supply of oxygen. This is important because the game are hinting that you have to survive in a lifeless planet. But there are no survival-mechanics in this game (if you don't count the fact you can die from enemies and other dangers). You get other abilities such as a mechanical arm that you can only use on specific devices. You only need your mechanical arm about 6 times though-out the game, all feeling artificial and an excuse to call them puzzles. The second ability you can get is a yetpack boost that gives your the ability to jump 7 more time in the air. You get this ability when you need it, but your gas supply magically disappears when you don't have a need for it. It felt like I was doing the same for 4 hours.This game is also badly optimized. I tried to play this on ""Good"", ""Beautiful"" and ""Fantastic"", but when there are too many objects, or a huge structure the framerate drops like a hot potato regardless of what setting you play on.So what you have here is a walking and jumping simulator with an interesting story, good music and atmosphere. But why did this game has to be made? The story, music and atmosphere could very well fit in a movie. I am not saying you should not buy this game at all, because it was an interesting experience, but I just can't recommend this game because it's supposed to be a game and it failed to be that."
76561198081150043,Recommended,261530,10599023,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheEnragedMage,"Oh this game. Where do I start? The urge for exploration it provides me, while still giving me the creeps at times, or the fact that its basically if LOST got a video game. Believe me LOST was a great show and I'm not complaining. I love this game. I need an adult after playing this game because it molested my sense for exploration so wildly I ♥♥♥♥ed in my pants while playing it. The point is, PLAY IT NOW"
76561198046881436,Recommended,261530,10969827,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Garthorium,"I really enjoyed this game, but a lot of games lately are released at a desginated price in which doesn't feel right for the game. Believe me when I say I liked this game. The music is nice, it's occasional and not blaring into your eardrums, it's just that there don't seem to be many tracks. The gameplay is a bit clunky, the character is jerky and you'll find yourself getting rather frustrated at the amount of, what seems to be pointless, running. The story is quite interesting, it has a few unique features and elements not explored in other video games, but becomes a bit predictable around half way through. This games saving grace was the atmosphere. I may have eventually gotten to the stage where I just jet packed around to save time, but the atmosphere done quite well, and it truly feels like a 'lifeless planet'.My verdict? The game is different, perhaps clunky and slow, but worth a checkout. But can I say the same for the price? No, unfortunately not. I'd wait until this game goes a bit more than 20% off."
76561198006363388,Recommended,261530,10370606,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CoLS Firestar,"Not worth the current $20, but shows promise when there is more story added. :)"
76561197973888355,Recommended,261530,10372711,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,langly,"It's a very entertaining little game that puts its aim at telling a story rather than hard-to-solve puzzles. I never got stuck not knowing what to do or where to go. I did however die a lot while exploring the world outside of the main path of the story. Falling to your death is not uncommon trying reach that place up there...The changing of levels sometimes lacks any explanation on how you got to where you are. When one level ends it's night and when the next starts it's daylight. Some narrative on why would be a good thing.Some of the Achivements are pretty silly; Rocketeer (Finish the game in under 4 hours on your first playthrough), and Survivalist (Survive the game without dying on your first playthrough). To me those are now unachivable since I already finished the game once. The ""on your first playthrough"" part needs to go.Those small things set aside it's a pretty fun game with a good story that draws you in to it. I played it start to finish in only two sessions. That does not happen often."
76561198034389727,Recommended,261530,10373261,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,-SK-,A Breath of fresh airTruly a masterpiece in disguise
76561198134652243,Not Recommended,261530,10391938,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,martin_stares35,"This game is utter garbage. Extremely simplistic platforming gameplay, no enemies (!), little or no interactivity. A waste of money and a waste of time. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,261530,10408441,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Miljan Dallas,Story is fine but the gameplay is seriously lacking.But if you'd like to walk & jump through a linear corridor / story then this should do fine.I let the amount of positive reviews on Steam influence me.This was probably the last time I did that.I did not like this game. You might love it.Watch an actual gameplay video before deciding to buy.
76561198114249983,Not Recommended,261530,10437177,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Santov,"I bought this on a Tuesday and finished it by the next day.The game itself is well put together but £14,99 for less than 6 hours gameplay with no need to repeat or revisit the game is a little steep. Puzzles are very simple and repetitive and after a few hours of play they become a little boring. Not enough reason to explore places other than to solve puzzles.All a bit of an anticlimax. Very disappointing."
,Recommended,261530,11230902,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,maxfilimon,Amazing game. So atmospheric!
76561198091181450,Recommended,261530,9797234,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,SirLagsalot,"love the 1950s/60s sci fi feel, reminds me of being in an isaac asimov story"
76561198048563017,Recommended,261530,11227038,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Stimmlage,"Totally amazing. I wouldn't have expected an experience so capitaviting and imersive for such an inexpencive game. If you're into sci-fi this is a must. Would try to ask out if it was a girl, and then cry when she's way above me."
76561198010117062,Not Recommended,261530,15355225,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,tall1greg,"Meh.  It is an interesting storyline but basically it is just a single path, go where your supposed to, game.  Graphics are decent, creative, but again just a single path through the game."
,Recommended,261530,13340446,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"A beautifully paced adventure, it reminds me of older games in it's well crafted simplicity. The pace is slow but methodical, the story is cool without pretense, and it just feels great. It's not perfect, mind, but what it has is that certain something that can't be described that just makes a game magic. I couldn't put it down."
,Not Recommended,261530,14463395,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Commie Jesus,"Running simulator 2015.No puzzles at all. I mean, nothing to make your brain busy. Nothing at all. Boring as hell.Story develops like this: 30 seconds of colonist logs, 20 minutes of running, 10 seconds of cutscene, 20 minutes of running, 1 lousy jumpscare, well, I guess you already figured out what goes next.No saves, instead there are broken checkpoints. Why broken? Turned out they can make the game unplayable. POOF, no going further now, start over. No, thanks, I'm fed up with running already.Score: zzzz/10Waste of money, time, and your eyes will probably hurt too."
,Not Recommended,261530,14729417,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,HighlySkilledYogaInstructor,This game was good at the begining and it just kinda fell apart a litlle in.If you like horror games you might like it.
76561198058171498,Recommended,261530,10377756,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,D - Skull,This game is amazing. If you like exploring awesome new places with an emmersive sound track and a thrilling story you really need to play this. Awesome experience
,Recommended,261530,14506496,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,HolyFather,"From the early begining to the finale I was unsure if I like this game or not. How that's possible? It's pretty simple. First of all, the genre. It's really something unusual, I definetely would like to play something like that again! Amazing! And then that stupid jumping chalanges. I hate them along with checkpoints! Terrible game! And then spectacular landscapes and atmospheric soundtrack... even if storyline is somewhat naive... even if ""out of oxygen""-like events is roughly scripted... This game... it so beautiful. And than... DO YOU WANT ME TO DO PRECISE JUMPING AGAIN? Ooookay... MORE? And I should move quickly or will die? WHaaaat? And now with a wind blowing?!?!? THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE!!! And then... I fall in love with this game again... On and on...And one more point. Could someone explane the developers that term ""exploration"" doesn't mean following a line of green goo? As for me, ""exploration"" could mean no scenario at all. ""Exploration"" means ""discovery"", searching for something. In this respect, Minecraft has more exploration than this game.The game is not a masterpiece, yet WORTH BUYING. At least on sales.P.S. If the developers will ever read this message I want them to know that this game may become an ancestor of new a genre. I mean sci-fi, not a jumping simulator. As for exploration, I have an idea of a game which I can share for free :) Or may be even participate in the development :)"
76561198054120003,Not Recommended,261530,14263728,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,CaptainShanghai,"The game is quite boring ..... the ambience can in places be really ""nice"" = freaky but in other places the graphics and landscape seems primitive and not worthy of 2014/2015. Although i really like the idea of the game i cant recommend it."
76561198063195960,Not Recommended,261530,14194721,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Anthony,"Are you kidding me? The devs couldn't manage the simple basics of constructing a simple, working controls assignment. As a result, you are forced to disconnect any and all joysticks, throttles, pedals, etc. prior to playing this game, or you'll just run around in a circle since the game will take feedback from mentioned controls constantly. There is no way in hell that I'll get down on my knees crawling around under my desk to disconnect 4-5 wires and then have to re-assign all controls for at least one whole flight sim every time I want to play this game. I don't care how good it might be, there's just no way that I'll even try to complete the first mission if that's what I have to do.Get a grip for crying out loud devs, this is ridiculous. Don't get this game, it's not worth 1 cent if you've got controls other than mouse and keyboard connected to your PC and don't want to disconnect them all for the sake of playing this game."
,Recommended,261530,16896467,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,RICCI on PC,"no words to describe this game, but...i love it, i love it, i love it.tThis game inspired me to greater things and the rich, oh so rich story is so amazing i want a sequelI WANT A SEQUEL, i need onei cant ruein the games story so im not gonna put any spoilers. i will say U NEED TO PLAY IT"
,Not Recommended,261530,13373422,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Fractal Fischer,"3 hours in I'd have given my whole hearted recommendation on this game.  4 hours in and I'm totally done, feeling like I wasted my time.  I want so badly to like this game for so many reasons.  It's incredibly unique and creative.  The story is very well told, the atmosphere is immersive, the jumping puzzles are fair and enjoyable (mostly), and even now I'm extremely interested to see what happens.Unfortunately though, I'll be finishing this game vicariously through a walkthrough on YouTube.  The entire experience was completely ruined by the Inferno level, which in contrast to everything else thus far is poorly design, poorly lit, and beyond frustrating.  It is in this level that I realized this game has no real gamma setting in the options, and also where I discovered the gamebreaking problem of having to start completely over if you exit the game.  4 hours in and I quit to go look up a walkthrough.  I come back, and there is no saved game to load.  Marvelous.If the save game issue were fixed and the Inferno level were completely reworked into something even vaguely tolerable, I'd recommend this game to anyone.  As it stands, I am feeling disatisfied to say the least.  It hurts because I was having such a great time with this game up until this catastrophe.  I want to see what happens but there is no way I'm starting all over, much less enduring that lava level again.  Uninstalling and off to YouTube to get some closure..."
,Recommended,261530,13174511,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mastro2k,Was an interesting game and it kept drawing me back to it. Instead of playing some of my other games I wanted to know what was over the next horizon.  Nice relaxing adventure game.
76561197964108172,Recommended,261530,13302518,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Trixs,"This game is fun and diffrent, a nice change of pace from FPS or RPG. It's all about the story and for me that is what keep me playing."
,Recommended,261530,11177130,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dajjer,I loved this game. I would define this game as a different kind of adventure game with some very light platforming. The designer succeeds in placing you in an alien world and it really feels like an alien world. The puzzles are kind of easy but not insulting and I was fine with them because they did not interfere with the game pace and they completly fit into the game world.. The only down side for me was the game somewhat short.  I will be very interested in the next game by this developer.
,Recommended,261530,13769639,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Seaniemaurice,"What a journey!The game brings back so much nostalgia of all the games I used to play growing up as a child. Probably due to its graphics and simplistic gameplay. The game reminded me of KOTOR when you would run around discovering new planets.Whilst the gameplay and graphics were simple, it's the story that truly keeps you playing. The platforming sequences were sometimes clunky and I found a few bugs here and there, but in the end it was the story that kept me playing.Simple yet enjoyable. I won't play it again, but I shall tell other people about it."
76561197970222712,Recommended,261530,12315725,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,K$,"Lifeless Planet has a great concept and pretty good story. The game play is not as good overall and the puzzles (which are mostly jumping-related) are pretty straight-forward; there's a bit too much walking, although sometimes it is used to good effect to build up anticipation. Unfortunately, one of the big, early reveals has been mentioned in a lot of reviews, etc. about the game and I wish I hadn't known about it ahead of time. Ultimately, its a fun game that's really carried by the concept and the story, but its short (under 4h), so there isn't the depth to the story one might hope for and it probably isn't worth $20, but definitely worth $10-15 if you like third-person concept/story games."
76561198161586693,Not Recommended,261530,22624961,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ithidis,Unpolished and no real atmosphere. Gameplay is clunky and feels like an afterthought. The story is lackluster. The game is very liniar.I wouldn't get it for a buck.
,Not Recommended,261530,24498912,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Galadriel,"Don't waste your time with this game.Game itself is totally linear.You will walk, run, jump for hours. It gets boring after first hour or two.Camera controls are primitive.Story is boring, and although unclear it is not mystique and intriguing.From scientific point of view, game story is complete nonsense (for example primitive creatures with no arms create complex machines and portals).Game interface is primitive: there are no inputs/controls options you can customize. If you have joystick attached to your PC, it will interfere with mechanical arm controls.My overall impression is that game designers actually created vast levels in Unity. You simply run through levels following the story invented along the way."
76561197976227590,Recommended,261530,9406405,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,phototime,"A good interesting story, a feeling of loneliness, nice graphics, So far I'm really enjoying the game. Well done.The mood is done very well."
76561198073518452,Recommended,261530,14423218,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,smile13241324,I do really recommend this game for anyone liking scienfiction stories like Lem or Asimov used to tell them.The graphic's may be a bit stall at first and the jump and run gameplay may sometime look a bit boring but youwill soon forget these while you are following your character deep into the story line and loosing yourself in thebeatiful mars images.I do seriously recommend this game.
,Recommended,261530,16084930,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SeppukuSisters,"This game didn't sit long on my wish as I was really excited to play it. The ambience and style was just my speed.One of the first things about this game that got me really excited was the fact that it was $20.The imprtance of this made me think that it was going to be a high production game.Though it wasn't as high as I had hoped it would have been, and though it didn't meet all of my expectations, I would still recommend this game.Just not for $20.For me, the fist thing that stood out in this game the most was the sound track! It was fantastic, soaring, epic and really helped with the overall immersion of the game. Definitely worth $20.The size of the game was also great, and the added bonus of the search for the minerals was also a plus! Game size definitely worth $20.The story line was a little scattered. I understood what was happening, and the end made the point of the russian girl/ wife connection apparent.However.The mechanics, the movements, the cutscenes, and overall operation of the game.Not worth $20. $15? Yeah!The movements and cutscenes were just so choppy, I understand that its a small time production company that had made it, and i can appreciate that fact 100% no doubt.To me, the game seemed just a tad imcomplete. It had the potential to be a really really great game, storyline, music, and all, even for $20.But, I will absolutley be keeping this company on my radar for future titles!"
,Recommended,261530,13741076,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ChuckleBags,"Mix the following ingredients into well designed, atmospheric, gorgeously Unity-rendered setting:Post-apocalyptic wastelandHuman hubris brought low by nature20th century Brutalist architecturePlatform jumping2001 - A Space OdysseyThe law of unintended consequencesAnd you'd get something like Lifeless Planet. The game looks great, but some of the game's platform mechanics are a bit frustrating. Of course, in a game which has no combat, you must have some other means of challenging the player. So, jumping puzzles for everyone!It's a bit hard to discuss the game without spoilers as so much happens fairly soon. Your spacecraft has made a non-recoverable landing on what you expect to be a lush, living world some light years distant from Earth. What you find is a desolate wasteland until you discover signs of life, impossibly, yet somehow from Earth's past. You must discover what this is and how it happened before you run out of oxygen.As I usually don't like platform games, I was a little hesitant to try Lifeless Planet. I'm glad I took the chance. The level design, while sometimes a bit obscure, didn't frustrate me nearly as much as I expected. The lava level, though, is notably very tricky to traverse. But it is a platformer game through and through.Music in the game is quite good, enhancing the atmosphere and environment in just the right amounts. Sound as well is complementary to the game, and the Unity-engined visuals do a really good job of conveying the vast distances in the game.One of the most glaring aspects of the game deal with the arbitrary requirements for oxygen and the boosted jet packs. These two items are used and required in only some very specific situations. It's almost like the game designers had something more in mind for these two gameplay elements but didn't get the chance to fill out the design.For instance, if a level doesn't require you to find oxygen, you can explore that level for days and never run out. Then, at the next level load, suddenly you're almost out of O2. It doesn't matter how long you explored previously, the O2 only becomes necessary at the next level's load. So, that arbitrariness is distracting.Another distraction is that the level transitions can be quite jarring. More than once I wondered how I went from the previous level to the one in which I suddenly found myself. Fortunately or not, the fairly linear design keeps you going in the right direction without being too obvious about it.So, would I recommend this game? If you like good-looking atmosphere and slow, non-combat gameplay, then DEFINITELY. If you like any of the ingredients listed at the start, then give it a try!"
76561198073572983,Recommended,261530,12587123,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tymek,"Very good game, altought the graphics could be better but the story line is just awesome :D+You can fly :DForgot to mention how good the music is, even after playing this a year ago i still love the music"
,Recommended,261530,16826801,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,★Amaz1ngPizza,15/10 it should DEFINITELY become a movie
,Recommended,261530,12545354,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mxthe,"I really enjoyed walking on a Lifeless Planet. Even though the visual are not highly detailed, there is some charm to the environments. The soundtrack supports the atmosphere really well and the whole experience feels like something unique.The platforming mechanics, especially with the long range jetpack are fun, although the jumping is hard to control and sometimes feels clunky, but I suppose that is to be expected since the gravity on this planet is different.It's a great little relaxing ride. I enjoyed it."
76561198081748282,Recommended,261530,12450233,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,neo_muppet,Simple 3D platformer. Beautiful scenery/atmosphere/ambiance.
,Recommended,261530,12455634,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,martin_pluskal,Great game with surprisingly good storyline and interesting environment.
76561198063926447,Recommended,261530,16249459,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Roughbark,10/10 Best walking uphill simulator
76561198077628733,Recommended,261530,10407395,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,DaveSprite,"Wow this game is amazing. I feel like it could be a bit longer or make a second one and i also did not understand the whole story with the portals and stuff with the woman why she was able to control the roots and WHO she is but it sounds like she is the astronauts wife. I THINK THAT WHEN YOU GET BACK TO EARTH IN THE FUTURE IT IS NOT ACUALLY EARTH I THINK ITS MORE OF HALUCINATING ON THE ALIEN PLANET. Could you possibly email me a whole story of what the whole story is about because i didnt really get the whole thing so other than that it was a really cool game and i liked the parts with the extended jetpack and the odd storm thing that would chase you, what exactly is the storm and the root aliens?i give this game a 9 out of 10 because it could have been a bit longer and you could have given a bit more story that actually made sense."
,Recommended,261530,10676304,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MrFlaptastic,"Pretty good. The story was beautiful, but the ending wasn't spectacular..."
76561197994538492,Recommended,261530,10676661,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,borntodrill,"Good game, with some minor bugs"
,Recommended,261530,12814891,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Eventide,"An amazingly atmospheric game that is let down slightly by its final stages.Lifeless Planet really does achieve everything it set out to do. It provides the player with an incredibly moody game world, interesting platforming, and a touch of puzzle solving. The real meat of the game is its environments, and they are on full display here. If you love breathtaking scenery, doted by strange and lonely structures, then this is the game for you.However, the strongest part of the game is definitely its early stages. Once you reach the midpoint, and you start to uncover the mysteries of the planet, the game loses a lot of the mystique.The use of documents to provide exposition is nothing new, but this is perhaps one of the worst implementations of it. There’s no way for the player to discover or interpret any of the plot, because everything is clearly spelt out in the documents. You might be wondering what happened in a specific location, only to pick up a note and have it told to you. For a game that reveals in the idea of exploring an empty planet, I find this extremely strange.There are also some transitions towards the end that don’t make a lot of sense. You might be walking in a cavern one moment, then a transition will shoot you outside and you’ll be notified, via the document system, what happened. This was incredibly jarring, and threw me out of the fictive dream.Without spoiling anything, the story is rather silly, and there is literally no foreshadowing of the two final plot-twists. I’d almost say that both break the game’s own atmosphere, but I recognise that might be my own subjective view. That being said, however, there’s no excuse for informing me via text what the outcome of an event was; especially if my character apparently bore witness to it. Just show it to me and I should be able to infer its meaning.The final revelation is also just plain stupid, and literally introduced in the last ten minutes of the game. While it does provide a sudden burst of energy to push you through the ending, it was so convenient that I almost forgot the amazing sense of place leading up to it. And this is coming from someone who really likes happy endings.Oh, and there was also a subplot about a dead wife that literally goes nowhere.In conclusion, Lifeless Planet is an atmospherically impressive game that is let down by its poor story. It manages to capture the feeling of being the lone human on an alien planet, but shoots itself in the foot with terrible explosion and a ham-fisted ending.It is worth a buy if you’re interesting in the concept or atmosphere, but I wouldn’t recommend it at full price. And now I have to figure out whether to give it a thumb’s up or down. Bloody binary review system."
,Recommended,261530,12864047,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Lausanna,"I really enjoyed this game. It's an engaging story - actually several stories, intertwined - that sucked me in right away. The atmosphere of uncertain danger and mystery is very well done. The story unfolds slowly as you wander through the world, and in between the moments of discovery what it all means is left to your imagination. A lot of time is spent wondering just what the heck is going on, which is a really nice change of pace from always knowing your mission.I was a little hesitant to buy this game at first because my enjoyment of both puzzle-heavy games and platformers is very hit-and-miss, but the story intrigued me enough that I was willing to give it a shot. I'm glad I did. The puzzles are straightforward - nothing that requires the internet to solve. Any time I got stuck, a little wandering around led me to whatever I was missing.The first jump puzzle was almost a dealbreaker until I figured out how to use the jet pack properly, but once I got the hang of it it was easy. There was also one level where I got hopelessly lost for awhile, but otherwise the game played out very smoothly. Overall this game makes the platforming pretty painless, and there are some jump sequences that are acually bouncy fun.That said, if you're looking for a puzzle-platformer you'll probably be disappointed with this. The platforming consists solely of jumping (and one high-wire sequence you'd have to be drunk to fall off of) and the puzzles are very easy. This is really more of an interactive story, and the game elements seem to be there mostly to make it more, well, game-y. On the flipside, those game elements are unobtrusive enough to make this a good interactive story, so if you like story games, this won't disappoint.As far as the story goes, I enjoyed it, though I did think it could have been fleshed out a bit more.I didn't encounter any bugs or other technical issues, aside from the mouse cursor appearing in the game if I alt-tabbed while playing fullscreen.The game is short - though I took almost 6 hours for my first play through, you could easily finish it in 4 - so the price seems a bit steep. But looking at the achievements I can see that I even missed some pieces of the story, so it's also worth another play through."
76561197973344023,Recommended,261530,12726267,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,dan.pusceddu,"What an utterly fantastic game! Moody and atmospheric thanks to the superb soundtrack, the planet is beautifully realized with a real sense of loneliness and epic scale.  The gameplay is pitched right to provide enough challenge to make it fun, but not enough to frustrate, and it complements rather than hinders the storytelling."
,Not Recommended,261530,13651757,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GooseAttack,"There are some nice ideas here, but the execution leaves a little to be desired.I know that it's mostly the work of one person, and in that respect it's an incredible achievement so I don't want to be too down on it, but viewed abstractly it's not a game I enjoyed spending any time playing.For an exploration game like this, there needs to be something that draws you through the story. Games like 'Dear Ester' and 'Gone Home' do this incredibly well; at every point there's something more you want to learn, some goal you want to reach, and this is what keeps you engaged and interested.By contrast, a lot of the time in Lifeless Planet you're only going somewhere because there's a (literal) line on the floor saying 'go this way', and you do so not because you want to but because there's no alternative--though occasionally you'll be left abandoned and will probably have to resort to a walkthrough. The plot doesn't make a huge amount of sense, and frequent violations of the cardinal rule ""show, don't tell"" (usually in the form of unecesscary voiceovers) serve to break any immersion you may have built up. Trudging through the barren landscapes becomes somewhat tedious after a certain amount of time, especially because the third-person floating camera angle means you spend most of your time looking at the floor.There's also a strange mish-mash of game mechanics in play, the main one being platforming, which is a problem because your character handles like a sack of potatoes. There are a couple of sections where you have to make some precice timed jumps to get through which took me about thirty repeated (and incredibly frustrated) attempts to get right. Movement becomes almost bearable when you get a multiple-jump ability, but this is only granted to allow you to solve a particular area and is taken away again almost immediately, which might be for the best as it lets you jump high enough to kill yourself by falling--something which gets old, real fast.Everything you do is about getting from one place to another, and you keep having to do pointless things in order to open a door, or unblock a passage, or that sort of thing. There's also a strange thing about putting power sources into recepticles -- but the power sources are always so close to the recpticles that there's really no point in them, and the mechanic feels like an arbitrary and inconvenient gameplay lenghtning device more than anything else.It's a worthy attempt, but it's hard to enjoy."
76561198021383222,Not Recommended,261530,20799194,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,blackserpent666,walking/jumping simulator with an all too often 'where-the-♥♥♥♥-do-I-go' attitude.
76561197970487219,Recommended,261530,10381017,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,AWPC,"Terrific indie game. One of the best ever made.Stunning desolate alien environments & simple yet accessible gameplay. If you like exploration games with decent stories, simple gameplay & a sense of wonder then this is well worth buying @ full price.Its so easy to pick up & play but very hard to put down it has that one last go factor which means you play it way longer than anticipated. That alone is why its well worth your time/money!!"
,Recommended,261530,11132036,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,kylie,Very fun and eerie.
,Recommended,261530,10390968,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ciabaros,Amazing atmosphere and general feel. Gotta play!
76561198079312432,Recommended,261530,26050011,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kdb1031,I am stuck on a part of the game. Its right after you get out of the science lab and are getting close to the power plant after getting that jump boost. I barely use the jetpack boost but when I'm on the last wire it always says I have run out of the boost and I can't progress any further cause I can't make the jump off the tower to the rocks or head back to get more jetpack fuel. I even reloaded the game and had the same problem
76561198079047163,Recommended,261530,26073320,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,pugnose,Excellent game for any sci fi fan.  Tells an interesting story that is worthy of being turned into a movie.  i loved it.
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,261530,15820057,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,OnlyCurmudge,"An interesting premise, but a promising open-worldy start quickly degenerates into a tedious, linear platformer, where you must battle poor controls to get who knows where for who knows what purpose.  There is really nothing to hold your interest, and little reward from the few opportunities to deviate from the path that is literally laid out for you.  Don't bother with this one."
,Recommended,261530,17105289,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,senzu_P,"Pros:Support Kickstarter/Indie devsFairly decent graphicsFairly decent gameplay mechanicsFairly decent sci-fi storySound effects and music are excellentCons:Walking Simulator +++++Planet is indeed lifeless, gets old quicklyDialogue is kickstarter qualityFramerate problems in later levels, even with great systemsUninteresting puzzles that require you to walk 500 milesSummation: The Proclaimers - I Would Walk 500 miles+ Please, don't buy for more than $10.00"
76561198088148744,Not Recommended,261530,19349140,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,FloppyFish,The game is playable but not amazing. 6/10
76561198005961516,Not Recommended,261530,10402651,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,TrollBot9000,"Lifeless planet? More like lifeless game. This hunk of crap should be priced at no more than $1. In fact, they should be paying YOU to play this repetative, ugly, boring ""game"". If you like long walks in uninteresting deserts, then this game is for you. It even has a plant species that will kill you if you go off the designated path. Everything is so ""mysterious"", so naturally you just keep pushing on down the track instead of stopping to do any REAL investigating. From the beginning you can tell that not a whole lot of thought was put into this game. Your team of three astronauts crash lands in a tiny little pod, the kind that drop people from the space station. So how the hell were any of the characters supposed to get off the planet?? It's obviously a suicide mission, but they never touch on that. And you wake up magically outside your craft and in your boring, inept suit, your teammates long gone. Who were they? Why did they leave? Meh, it's not important. Naturally the first thing you should do is split up when landing on an alien planet you believe harbors life. And you randomly run out of oxygen, but only when you're nearby a convenient oxygen dump. Simply go near it and you're good. What's the point of this  little exercise? Not a damn thing. Oh, and you can collect little rock samples, which is neat because you're character is a geologist. A geologist that gets sent to an alien planet presumably because it has alien life on it. Smart. As you stumble down the track (which you cannot deviate from), you quickly come across one of your crew, bleeding in a barn. The crewmember doesn't speak, you don't say their name (they're just ""buddy"" to you) and then they get sucked into the ground and your character is like ""huh... better press on then. Gee wiz this place is strange."" Oh, and did I mention the barn is guarded by a sentient tornado? You can outwalk it, so you never need deal with it, and it never gets mentioned in the game, so it really doesn't matter. After meaningless exercises in jumping and jet packing along most perilous and haphazard trails, all in an effort to chase down some Russian-alien hybrid girl (with rendering from 2005, even with the graphics jacked up to ""fantastic"" level). The story comes to an abrupt end when you come to the second big alien door with buttons that are just too high, which require the use of a super-exciting robot arm. The first door opens easily enough, but the second door features nothing but broken buttons that you can't press, leaving you stuck. Think there's a way around it? Nope. There's invisible walls guarding the only way around. Think there's something else you should do? Nope, there's absolutely nothing else going on, except some huge structure that you can't access due to a broken lift. Think you can save right there and load it up later when you've calmed down? Nope, you're starting all the way at the beginning of the level so you get to go through the meaningless trails once more. Hope you like walking, jumping, and jet packing (but only a little bit, because your suit is♥♥♥♥♥♥, because that's all you're going to be doing."
76561198055316421,Not Recommended,261530,17767519,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TallTimbers♥,Good to kill the hours if you're a masochist and hate your life.
,Not Recommended,261530,17809001,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,MrR9,"Got bored. Played the game. didn't like the price.Not worth more then 10$, worth the price if on sale from 10$ otherwise unless your bored."
76561197982987444,Not Recommended,261530,17272348,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,dan.croft,"The first two hours are great and rich in atmoshpere and mystery but then it stats to fall flat. The game is frankly boring to play through as its a story driven rather then challenge based game (think Gone Home, Dear Ester etc...). The problem is once the story starts to unfold its not very good and without any solid gameplay to fall back on its gets tiresome to play through.If this is on Steam Sale for under £5 then worth picking up."
,Not Recommended,261530,24162815,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GB,"I don't recommend this game. I love sci-fi games, but this just isn't what you think it is.How's the gameplay you ask? Well, it's running, jumping, avoiding stuff, and reading. I don't like reading, so I always skipped that stuff, and was left with a boring platformer.If I had to describe this game, I would call it a completely unrealistic, dull, platformer game with a vague and uninteresting storyline.If this was made by one person, I would've understood why it's like this, and even commended the creator, because it's an achievement to make something like this on your own.But I still don't recommend it. Sorry."
76561198054023535,Recommended,261530,19130157,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Catpsyche,"There's more to the game than the bleak desert scenes you get a glimpse of in the trailers.  Short but sweet game.  I took my time exploring and enjoying the ambiance and atmosphere of the game, so it took me about 10 hours max to play.  I really enjoyed the storyline immensely.  And none of the puzzles were too difficult to figure out.  ^5"
76561198023508743,Recommended,261530,18969087,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Robb Slark,"This is one of those times where I wish Steam had a ""Maybe"" button. This game is worth playing through once, and only once. And if you do play through it that one time, just try to run through it as fast as possible - trust me. I'm the kind of guy who likes to explore, and this game has A LOT of ground to explore. Emphasis on the ground. It is, indeed, a Lifeless Planet. And not only is it lifeless, it has nothing interesting off the beaten path - a path which, I might add, seems designed to make you think there's something interesting if you just take the five minutes to go down a branch or the 20 minutes to explore an open area only to disappoint you Every. Single. Time. No, finding the quartz/mineral/science collectibles was not satisfying. The collectibles are not worth it in the least, and you'll get all the logs as far as I can tell just by keeping an eye open for them while you progress.So, with all that in mind, the story is something that I feel should be experienced at least once, and the pacing is such that if you move through it as fast as possible, you may be able to make up for some of the poor poor pacing of this game. Oh, and another thing, grab it for $5. It's really a $5 game. I know this review sounds like I should have given it a good ol' ""No"" as far as recommendations go, but it really is a great effort for the one guy that seemed to have had anything to do with making it and if there was ever a proper re-make with a large team behind it, I'd pay $60 in a heartbeat, nevermind the $21.99 it is now."
,Recommended,261530,17914937,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,mememachine,"Regardless of what other people say about this game, I thought it was phenomenal, especially because it was made by such a small team.The story picks up as you play along, and though it can be hard to piece it altogether, reading the hub in game helps (read all the transmissions and logs). The chase and mystery of the woman in the game added a bit of excitement as well.I loved the whole story to the game, it made up for what can be quite a repetitive run-about-press-this-walk-here sort of game, but it does a great job of putting you in a place where you are isolated; it puts you in the suit of the astronaut trying to find his lost crew members and find a way out of the planet.I wish we'd have learnt more about the aliens who built the portals; the small piece we learn is quite blunt and quick which was disappointing.Other than that, this is a very good game and I'd highly reccomend you buy it when it's on sale (I don't think it's worth full game price for such a short game)."
76561198057401952,Not Recommended,261530,16999202,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,grim101,"20$ for 5 hours of play is way too expensive. If you get it on special for less than 5$ you can give it a go, but this game is almost more of a walk simulator than an actual game. I was definitely expecting more (at least 10 - 15 hours of play)"
76561197972743620,Not Recommended,261530,20372427,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Daunmi,"It's not bad. I wouldn't call it good, but it's not outright bad.But it's not a game. And it's definitely not worth paying full price.It's a story presented through one of the most linear and railroading settings I've ever seen, with a faceless main character who seems less interesting then the cardboard cutout he could have been replaced with. The story is fairly obvious, and if you've watched much sci-fi you'll guess it in the first few sections of gameplay.The visuals would be nice if they weren't repetitive and I'm so sick of staring at brown rocks. The music is much the same, and even the character's voice is bland and uninterested.Actually, I'll stick with it being outright bad."
,Not Recommended,261530,20797983,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,kavanliere,"Conceptually, this game is great.The rest is a sorry disappointment. To begin with, the graphics look like a budget PS2 game, even with the highest settings. It really takes away from the experience. If you want to make a mysterious humanoid figure ACTUALLY look both mysterious and humanoid, make sure it's rendered well. Otherwise, just leave the mess out.Secondly, the gameplay mechanics are clunky. It's quite difficultto accurately maneuver the camera using either a controller or a keyboard. I understand that this is supposed to take place on an alien planet (I won't divulge any spoilers), and perhaps the gravity is a bit different than Earth's. But the jump mechanics are all off. Yet another thing that takes away from the overall experience. Why would I feel compelled to see what's beyond a vista or over a ridge when it's almost impossible move from one platform to another?Lastly, the story is spartan at best. The plot progression lacked, well, progress. There was nothing driving the character, save for a few kitchy, awkwardly placed objectives (why would I run the risk of running out of oxygen on one part of the planet while not on another?). The areas which are supposed to look abandonned by something in the game look more like they were abandonned by the developers a quarter of the way through making the game. There's a difference between minimalism and lack of effort.I really wanted to like this game. Maybe that's why I stuck with it for as long as I did. But I wouldn't recommend trying it unless it's on sale for at least 90% off."
,Recommended,261530,12146352,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Gordon Peeman,MANLY TEARS!
76561198047046888,Not Recommended,261530,28181042,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TiqTaq,"I can't see whether this moniker has already been assigned, but a more appropriate title might be Lifeless Design; or Mediocre Planet. Now that opening sentence may seem a tad savage, but hopefully upon further inspection of the review - or your own explicit experience of the game - you may go so far as to agree to such a damning critique.I will preface the remainder of the review with the following statement; I only played an hour of the game and the method with which I played was via Keyboard and Mouse.TL;DR the game is mediocre in almost every aspect - except the audio design department - which is the only reason for the game's just below average final score.I have conducted surface level research as to the development of Lifeless Planet, to which I discovered the game is a ""solo"" effort by the indie developer David Board. While it remains impressive that it was developed by a one-man band, it doesn't excuse the rather ham-fisted mediocre design throughout the experience. There is a severe lack of material variety in the game. Establishing a wider variety of materials - such as more varieties of metal, varieties of wear and tear or different rocks - would've gone a long, long way in breaking up the slow pacing of the game. Additionally, this may have lead to more exploration of the environment, which would have further emphasised the feeling of isolation and miniscule scale in this desolate landscape.While the sole addition of a wider of variety of textures would have greatly boosted the game's visual design, it wouldn't have been a one-size fits all solution. The game needed much more variety in it's 3D model geometry. Examples include the lifts you use at approximately 45 minutes into the game, or the various pieces of concrete which are very clearly repetitively tiled, and finally the lack of moderation of the application of rust textures (also over tiled and over used).A final comment relates to the lack of imagination to the game's platforming elements - which as far as I'm concerned - is the primary mechanic. The above walking simulator is hilarious, but fails to capture the mediocrity of said platforming gameplay. In my experience (again, 69 minutes total) there was no hazard other than gravity. To have gone so long without any sign of hazards such as unstable ground (there was one falling boulders hazard), or timed platforming sections is a major crime against platformers in my opinion. The mechanic of platforming is about traversing an environment - regardless of it being devoid of life - or spatial navigation. Both of these core values are ignored thus making the primary mechanics very, very disatisfying.Unforunate the experience panned out this way, but none the less I do not recommend this game.2 out of 5 stars"
76561197974800674,Not Recommended,261530,32757875,Posted: 24 June,all,Opponent,"Well... Boring. Story is OK otherwise, meh."
,Recommended,261530,9408911,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"This is a bit of a weird game. Somehwere between a retro sci-fi movie and a slowed down tomb raider with a twist.It's not really difficult and so far all the puzzles have been pretty easy to solve.But, the story, that's a different thing to talk about. It's entertaining, cold-war like and very mysterious.The voice overs are very, very good and the narration is spot on.I don't want to tell anything about the plot, but if you like mysterie games and feel the urge to explore..; get this game. It's worth your time."
,Not Recommended,261530,16074364,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,KT,"Hmm, the question ""Do you recommend this game?"" is answered in my mind with a ""maybe"". I liked the story of it, but there were quite a few moments of gameplay that I did not like.Probably the biggest downfall of the game is two achievements that are supposed to only be obtainable on the very first playthrough - meaning if you screw up, you shouldn't be able to get them. I believe there's a FAQ by the developer on how to reset the saves so you can get these achievements, but considering that's how they were initially put in I still find it rather stupid. Who the heck plays a game perfectly the first time?The other part about the achievements I do not like would be time related ones - while Rocketeer is rather easy to get (finish game in 4 hours first time), having an achievement about playing the game for x amount of hours total is not really that good of a idea in my opinion. Some games I expect to rack up 300+ hours playing - this type of game I would be suprised if I have more than 8hrs trying to get all the achievement (except for the one about how much time to play). Thankfully it's only 10hrs, so I should be able to manage to muddle through it in the end - but I hate this type of achievement.Moving on to whether you should get this game or not. I do not recommend this game at the full price of $19.99. To be quite frank, it's not worth that much. It's barely worth paying $5 for, but I would recommend it if you can find it at $5 or cheaper."
,Not Recommended,261530,16502025,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kregah The Red,Avoid this game....
,Recommended,261530,11173676,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,jowizard,Great game!
,Not Recommended,261530,10988948,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,kaiser6k,I thought the game would be more exciting and allow me to do more. The game is awful and boring gameplay. If I could get my money back I would. I do not recommend this game to anyone.
76561198026142389,Recommended,261530,18373433,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Culianu,It looks like a 2006 game... It has barely any gameplay at all (some jumping and one real puzzle)... the terrain looks randomized in some terrain generating tool... I hate walking simulators... but something about this one clicked with me... made me get the book and reading it. It has personality somehow... the atmosphere is great...
,Not Recommended,261530,12646008,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,defekt,"A long and often infuriating platformer that drags a simple story out so long that you just want it to end already.  But it doesn't.  More walking is necessary.  And some more walking.  Worse, if you're carrying something necessary to complete a 'puzzle' when you die that item tumbles away and stays where it lands while you respawn back at the start of the area.  Dumb as a bag of spanners.Avoid.  Even if it's free."
76561198051194674,Recommended,261530,18444380,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,felicia,"I hesitantly recommend this game.  It wasn't bad, but it really dragged in places.  I had some trouble with the controls, as they weren't terribly precise, and that caused some frustration.  I did enjoy the plot quite a bit."
76561198043404392,Recommended,261530,18972718,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,gsouth98,"The game was fantastic, it had a simple story line, but the world was very beautiful and it was full of so many different things to do, like try to carry the tnt throughout a whole level just because I'm that weird"
,Not Recommended,261530,24625548,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ike Kweem,"This game is bad. Really bad. The controls are awful, the story is boring, and the ending was one of the most predictable I've seen in a while. This game was like a sandwich with no meat, it had no substance to it. The story is really bare bones, literally all you have to do is look at the title of the game and its description and you already know EVERYTHING about the game. It's lifeless. The voice acting was terrible, actually there hardly is any voice acting, but when there is, the dialogue is cringe worthy at best. The ""Aliens"" were so stupid. Possibly the worst idea of alien life I've ever seen.This game is a walking simulator and nothing more. Its awful. Pick it up if its $3 or something."
,Not Recommended,261530,21654397,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hek3,Piece of crap
76561197971110081,Recommended,261530,15420434,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Morzileuil,"Une aventure, une histoire, une ambiance. Ne cherchez pas un jeu pour les gamers, c'est une juste une balade sur une planète sur laquelle s'est déroulé des événements"
,Not Recommended,261530,23819765,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,M_R_Ducs,"Walking simulator is an appropriate genre for this game, as all you do is walk.Cons:* The puzzles are trivial* The graphics are very average.*  Very little exposition (its boring)Pros:* The concept is interesting* What story is there is interesting* SoundtrackThis ""game"" needs alot more exposition. Who is the astronaut? Why does he keep going? Why do I care? What does he think of everything that has happened? Was he affected at all? Distraught? Amused? Stark raving mad? Given the light gameplay and graphics I feel the storytelling needs to be much better.I think it is fixable, but more is needed."
76561198067159220,Not Recommended,261530,12641747,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Clockwork Kiwi,"♥♥♥♥ing awful. So damn linear the game plays itself for you, and if you expect to have a say in what happens in any particular way you're in for a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ What♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most though was the barefaced misrepresentation of the game throght the trailer. The main reason I bought it was because I thought it was going to be a freeroaming game, BUT IT WAS THE COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥ING OPPOSITE. I do not recommend, do not buy it if you actually want to play a game. Buy it if you want to watch a movie that only plays if you push buttons for it."
76561198031041870,Not Recommended,261530,12628890,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,thenewpav,"I enjoyed some aspects of this game and not others... while it worked that is.  Now it just starts to a black screen of nothing, even after removing and reinstalling.  Neither the developer nor Steam wil offer any kind of tech support or refund.  It's made me rethink any Steam purchase of any kind.  What company doesn't refund a defective product that just doesn't work?  The answer is, one you should never do business with."
76561197966900099,Not Recommended,261530,12638361,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fáen,"This is an attractive and interesting idea. Unfortunately, the main character movements can be a bit jerky and clumsy, it often took me several attempts to jump from one rock to the next. As such, my attention was on the character, a dull, colourless figurine, getting him from A-B, rather than getting lost in the atmospheric scenery.And all I did for the first 30-minutes (I didn't play beyond this) was walk around, pick up a few objects, interact with a door or oxygen cylinder, then move on, at an irritatingly slow-pace. There was no stimulus, for me, to carry on.This could be either a really great, really slow-burn game (that I missed) or just a misfired attempt to adapt Gravity (the film) into a PC game, but with no pace, plot or polish."
76561198084141890,Not Recommended,261530,12631916,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,qmagnet,"A little disappointing. The atmosphere and music are amazing. The graphics are very good. But the ""puzzle"" mechanics are slim and quite disappointing. Of course, this is an exploration game based on story, so not many puzzles are needed. However, the story is a bit weak.Starting out really well, I found this game pretty much a downer by the end.  The final bit with the giant halos is really interesting but throughout the journey, I just found myself wanting to finish up the game to get it over with.SPOILERThe idea of a distant planet founded by russians with a mysterious plant controlling woman is cool and all, but it's backstory that is uninteresting and simply weak. First, the voice acting is terrible and really unnessessary.  But the astornaut leaves earth. Why? There's some bit in the end of how he loves his wife, but we aren't ever explained the purpose of that. The entire backstroy of his dying wife is useless and the story would have worked better if it solely focused on the the mysterious planet."
76561198049428432,Recommended,261530,11174696,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Shaze,"A very good story, even if drawn out a bit. A very good game."
76561198068777953,Recommended,261530,26083311,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,flexmeister,really good game and one hell of a soundtrack!
76561198256944539,Recommended,261530,18832895,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LiteColDonut,Loved this game! Though i wish my computer was a little better. Challenging yet fun and creative.
,Recommended,261530,14507819,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,khorne2,what a strange but fantastic journey it has a beautifull soundtrack too that adds to the atmospere of the game the puzzles could be a bit more difficult and the ending a bit more romantic but for me i give this game a big 8-10 top drawer...
76561198013170819,Recommended,261530,14092539,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Gas Master,"Great Atmosphere generated within the game, surroundings a bit monotinous but enjoyed playing the game, its a bit short and the ending is rather abrubt but worth my coin."
,Recommended,261530,14425477,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gnugfuriuz,Oldschool type of adventure. Not the best story i have encountered. But for the current price its a great game. You will be walking and jumping alot and the puzzles arent that much to speak of.
,Recommended,261530,18282724,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Shmeef,"If you can get passed the frustration, slow pace of the game, lack of any real content besides decent scenary, and can overcome countless failed jetpack jumps, the ending will knock your socks off. Seriously.For whatever this game hopes to accomplish, it is justily done in the end.Bravo. 10/10"
,Recommended,261530,15069436,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Adriab,"Lovely discovery and story with great visuals.Downside: somewhat wonky controls.Overall, it was a totally enjoyable game."
,Recommended,261530,15624483,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,HeatDeath∞Splitter,"surprisingly good game, the plot is very gripping and drives you on till the very end and certainly keeps you guessing.it is tricky in places as its not always obvious what you're supposed to do next but generally this is solved by exploring the giant levels which while look good can take a lot of time. The worst one being the crater where what you seek is a lot closer than you think just you have a massive area to search which was mostly empty and generally kick yourself for checking there sooner once you find it."
76561198035221172,Recommended,261530,14267532,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mavin117,A magnificent game. Tells an incredible and breathtaking story with flawless musical accompanyment. Lightweight puzzle solving and just enough danger to keep you sharp and involved in the game. Loads of lore and scenery and things to pay attention to that help fuel the game and the beutiful world it paints.
,Recommended,261530,17510946,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Doctor Futurity,"Reviewed in 2014:http://realmsofchirak.blogspot.com/2014/12/lifeless-planet-platformeradventure.htmlThis is a playthrough review of the original game, not the ""Premiere Edition.""Lifeless Planet is a sort of platformer/adventure game with a story about an astronaut who has landed on a remote world 20 light years away, on a one-way trip with two other astronauts to explore the first known habitable world. However, things go wrong and on arrival the ship crashes, the planet turns out to be barren and then mysteries begin to appear. If you've heard anything at all about this game then you know the (SPOILER ALERT) key premise of the mystery is that your astronaut stumbles across what looks like a remote Soviet-era town, leading to many more questions about how this could have happened, if it's even really an alien planet, and so forth. There's a lot more to it than that....but the core conceit drives much of the mystery.Unlike many adventure games of this sort the core gameplay is driven by platforming...which means lots and lots of jumping. It's not overwhelmingly all about jumping, but there's enough of it that if you're playing the game for the story and mystery it can get a bit tedious. If you're playing for the platforming elements first and foremost you'll probably find this to be below-par for your average dedicated platformer ...but don't take my word for it; I'm not a platformer kind of guy, and I definitely played this for the story.Graphically the game was designed by one man and it does show a bit. The game would have looked stunning a decade ago; now it looks and feels like a genuine above-average indie game. I am not easily impressed by indie titles, by the way....I find few of them grab me or offer more than a moment's distraction before becoming tedious, but Lifeless Planet manages to keep you going with a decent mixture of story, ambiance, mystery and discovery.A few items to note: there is no violence as such in this game beyond the risk of death from exploring a sometimes hostile alien world. There's a certain sense of dread at times but it is not a horror title, either. This is a solid straight SF tale through and through. There are some ""huh?"" moments in the plot, but it's more fun to let you see if you can find them. I'll just say this much....as you find each of your fellow astronauts, think carefully about how they came to be where they were, and what exactly happened to them. They were clearly experiencing a more terrifying game than our protagonist!All told it takes roughly 5 hours to complete the game and the experience was fun. If you like adventure games like this and can tolerate a little jumping around you will likely find this worth your time. I suggest you play with a controller, as there are some exercises in the game that are just easier with a controller setup than a keyboard.Addendum: I ca't say this was a $20 purchase, but if you can find it for $12 or less I think it's worthwile."
76561198003947377,Recommended,261530,17553546,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,digsafe,"What a great little game. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The puzzles were a little on the simplistic side, but other than that it was a great adventure. Excellent story. Fantastic sound design and beautiful musical score. I was sad to finish the game."
,Recommended,261530,17688976,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Foxstorm_rage,"great game, love the atmosphere, the story, the styling of it, controls are pretty responsive, not too linear and beautiful landscapes. decently difficult without being ridiculous too."
,Recommended,261530,14720778,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,lauren,"This game is totally one of those atmospheric walking simulators.... with a great story, nice visuals and perfect music. The only real downside is the abundance of unneccessary jumping puzzles which caused me to die repeatedly in certain areas.  You can only watch your carcass hit the ground and roll away so many times before it gets old.  The story made it worth it for me, I really liked it."
76561198017521752,Recommended,261530,14811864,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ginrah Nightblade,"Lifeless planet is a interesting game ,but it does not have alot of action,puzzles are not that difficult.Graphics are ok ,but nothing spectacular....game is ok if you want something relaxing ,or your bored.It will grow on yah a bit.So would I recommend this game ,yes for under 5.00would I play again NOThanks hope this helps"
76561198027537175,Recommended,261530,15215671,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,FullMetalSushi,"Pro: I had a good time with this game, though it does not have all that great of graphics it still has a very great atmosphere about it. You truly feel alone and I found myself driven to beat the whole game in one sit down, it's not long, but I did stay up until the crack of dawn to beat it. Good story and the experience is worth it.Con: There are some really annoying game breaking bits I had where I died but the object I had to move was in a insta-kill zone and never respawned, so I was forced to constantly throw my body on the object to push it out of the way. Also word of advice, NEVER get off the elevator, just don't, trust me."
76561197988994736,Recommended,261530,17804326,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,thejoche,"I've had this game in my library for a while and finally got around to playing through. I had played a bit of it and dropped it after thinking it looked cheap and plain.  I was wrong.  Graphically not something to write home about, and understanding that I am not a platforming fan- this game was outstanding none the less.  A very well written story. Long enough to be interesting and short enough to not overstay its welcome. Very impressive indie fare.  7/10"
,Recommended,261530,14456380,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,coreoffocus,"Amazing game, with reply value (if you come back to it like a few months later)"
,Recommended,261530,15451505,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Milo,"Relaxing game, great atmosphere, and an interesting story on the planet.  One would think I rushed with my achievement for completing under 4 hours, but then I didn't truly explore for all the little bonus items, I played for story.  For that, it is easily worth the $10 I spent at time of purchase.  Would recommend for someone looking for a light game on their downtime."
,Recommended,261530,15881019,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Adam,"I recommend this, but just barely.  It is short enough that if you can get it cheap it is worth a play through.  The concept is cool and the atmosphere is pretty well done at times, but there just isnt a whole lot to do.  Additionally, some of the platforming is kind of janky.Overall, id say 6/10"
,Recommended,261530,16211448,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Geneticus,"This game would make for a good lead-in for a Survival game, but as it stands as an interactive narrative, it holds up well."
76561198037608764,Recommended,261530,14060974,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,GP99,"So I have to say, this is a rather marvelous little indie game.  I feel like the ability for indie devs to create 3-D games like this is sort of a throwback of the early 90's when it suddenly became possibly for indie devs to develop nice looking 2-D games (which were then cutting edge).  It's nice to see a bit of fresh concepts and ideas floating around in the world of 3-D games, which I think is clearly needed.I will say quickly that at certain times, the controls can be a bit clunky (for instance looking in a direction while you're running, twitchy jumps, occasionally bizarre collision detection, orienting the flash light, etc).  With that said, I personally didn't feel that there was any point where these didn't pail in comparison to the overall enjoyment of the game.  This covers my only problems with the game.I think the first thing to note about Lifeless Planet is that it's creator's philosophy and artistic style is deeply minimalist, but the implementation is very rich and thoughtfully executed.  Let's start with the gameplay: you can move around, you can jump, and in rare circumstances, you can interact with objects or use your flashlight.  That's it.  All of the puzzles in the game are based around these mechanics.  With these minimalist mechanics, you sort of have to take the sushi chef approach to perfecting the small list of options available to you, which is something I enjoy.  It's not grating though, which a game with the occasional clunky controls could easily have done.  The puzzles aren't mind-bending, often they are straightforward; however, they emphasize the point of the game, which is to explore.  The solution to every puzzle is simply to further explore the environment around you.This brings me to the artistic style of the game.  In principle, if exploration were required but the scenery wasn't interesting, this game would have failed.  The game, however, has magnificent imagery everywhere you look (and if you're playing the game right, that means simply everywhere).   At some level, the environment (albeit being rendered higher resolution and being better textures) isn't that much more sophisticated than, say, Legend of Zelda: OOT or Rayman 2, and in many ways it feels like a spiritual successor to the era of create N64 games.  A lot of modern games have a lot of sophisticated looking environments, but they sort of look very realistic but at the same time rather drab.  Lifeless Planet uses somewhat repetitive textures, but the textures are used to build very large worlds where the mountains, streams, ponds, sand dunes, etc, all look distinct and have their own character.  Far off into the distance, you can see unique looking mountains and structure that all give the game a certain kind of a character that's lacking in many modern games, and it has to do with the minimal palettes and textures used in the game.But with that said, you go through many different realms (sand dunes, caves, mountains, hot springs, lava fields, etc), and each realms has a unique character which changes both the game mechanics, which I'll discuss in a moment, and it's own unique artistic flavor.  Looking around, you'll always find yourself mesmerized by the world that's sitting around, enticing you just to explore a little bit further.  So I might imagine that some people might object to this game being linear, since part of the premise of the game is that you're literally following a path that's been laid out for you, level by level.  However, it's precisely because the environment that you stray off the path and find yourself spending 10 minutes just looking at things.  The game rewards you for doing this by letting locate collectibles and achievements this way.Finally, I'd like to talk about the second major element in Lifeless Planet that makes the gameplay so interesting: The antagonist in the game is the hazardous environment.  As much time as you're spending looking at how pretty it is, you're also spending all of your time making sure not to be killed by it, or how to leverage the environment to your advantage.  To reiterate the first point, there are zombies or wild animals that are coming to get you.  When you die, it's because you weren't paying enough attention to the environment: You fell off of a cliff because the jump was difficult, or you accidentally got burned up by being too close to a lava field, or you weren't paying attention to what violent shrubbery was about you.  And sometimes, you simply run out of oxygen, because the air is entirely CO2 on this planet.  To reiterate the second point, you often have to figure out how to use the environment to your advantage to solve a puzzle.  Do you need to jump higher?  In the hot springs environment, you might need to place boulders on top of water vents, so only one water jet is going and thus radically increases your jump boost.  There are other examples, including using the violent trees to act as walking platforms, but mainly you sort of have to think very logically about what is going on around you, and the answer to how to progress in the game will come naturally.  Again, minimalist gaming mechanics, but thoughtfully executed.All in all, I found this game extremely satisfying, and I look forward to trying future games from this dev team."
76561198128241691,Recommended,261530,16498123,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,alienhunter48,"Very good, puzzle game, would recommend it"
,Recommended,261530,15008024,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dycerius,"Do you like it when movies keep running even though you thought it should have ended up 40 min ago?Do you like it when you watch anime and they add tons of filler episodes before you get to know anything more?Well, you get my point. There are occasional moments where the level design is bad, some ""puzzles"" can be bypassed even though they intended for something else and moments where you don't really get a clear indication of what you are suppose to do next but that latter part is probably your own fault...or is it?You might not understand why you are running through lava, water, ice and other environment but you are.You might not understand why you are walking too much, but you are.You might not like half of the flaws that comes with the game.But you should still play it. Yes, I still recommend the game. I think it was unnessary long, frustratingly boring moments and painstakingly confusing parts but you should still play it.Why?Imagine walking for a few hours in rain, thunderstorm and complete utter chaos when you could have taken the car to work or bus to school. Well, on the way to work or school you stumble upon an envelop you get a few dollars, and as you keep walking you find more of those envelop increasingly more valuabe then the next. By the time you reach work or school you have had a ""richer"" experience.So, the first 2 hours of the game is completely and utterly booooring but the last 2 hours really catches up with interesting .... things and faster pace and events than the start.It isn't a great game but its worth playing."
76561198056381396,Recommended,261530,15412040,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Ace of Aces,"Literally all i have to say about this game is eh. I mean i enjoyed it, but overall it was just eh. Not worth the $20 price tag. Wait for sale."
,Recommended,261530,14103994,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,|PWOT|Willatron,"When people try to describe video games as art, I would advise them to include this game as an example.It has an intriguing story, hauntingly beautiful visuals and solid presentation. The game feels more like an interactive story book, with a protagonist who is faceless enough to act as a simple self-insert, but still has enough depth to give a player interest in his story and situation.The story and setting give off an eerie vibe and really sells the idea of fearful isolation on a barren world far from Earth, the puzzles are fairly forgiving but challenging enough to not become tedious, and there is lots of room for exploration to find hidden collectibles for achievement hunters.If there was anything negative to say, I wouldn't play this game if you're looking for a challenge or fast paced action. It's very easy for anybody whose played puzzle games before, and is largely worth playing for the story and setting. If you're not in the mood for trudging a largely barren alien world trying to piece together a mystery, I'd say move on and find something that caters more to a fast paced or action packed style of gameplay.All in all, I'd give this game a solid 7.5 out of a perfect 10. Definitely recommend for someone in the mood for a great immersive experience."
76561198025459039,Recommended,261530,15145502,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,LadyButterN00dlez,"This game was beautiful and interesting. I love a game where I can explore a world I don't understand and solve some puzzles without having to kill things (although there are things that can kill you). The tension of the story mixed with the atmosphere of the world really create several hours of great game play. I'm a huge fan of the Submachine games and this is reminiscent of those, so if you're into Submachine, you'll enjoy Lifeless Planet."
,Recommended,261530,15908380,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ecclectic_Nerd,"What I liked:Excellent storytellingFitting, lonely atmosphereWhat I disliked:It did feel a bit on the short side.Overall, the game was a very pleasant experience with an interesting and compelling story. I think difficulty was just right, although I did find myself scratching my head a couple times when I got stuck. I'd easily recommend it, with the caveat that it is can be rather short, so to try and catch it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,261530,16592627,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,XISAXIS,Awesome game
76561198012294159,Recommended,261530,29938169,Posted: 15 February,all,MastaElf,"Nice game, great controls, enjoyable to play."
,Recommended,261530,24432344,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Svadhisthana,I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it
76561198120358445,Recommended,261530,28247361,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,CabooseKiller,"Annoying gameplay. ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME STORY! Got it on sale at $7...so yeah, wishlist this for later."
76561198033376364,Not Recommended,261530,23463596,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rat Milk,"It seeemed like a really cool premise and idea, but it turned into a paper thin story and jumping/rocket jumping puzzles that drug on for four hours. Would never ever play again. The lava level was especially horrible."
,Recommended,261530,22242350,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Brolaf,"Very relaxing walking simulator, with a nice, little story and beautiful scenes of a foreign planet."
,Not Recommended,261530,12016663,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,LiamHagan,"I really wanted to like this game. I honestly did. The premise and the creepy atmosphere set against this huge, awe-inspiring backdrop both made the beginning of this game feel so unique and exciting. I hate to speak badly against such a small indie studio's efforts but ultimately Lifeless Planet is more boring and frustrating than it is enjoyable.It's most praiseworthy element is the story it tries to tell. You are an astronaut stranded on a desolate planet, discovering abandoned human settlements and structures whilst trying to find your crew. The first hour and a half or so captures the mood perfectly. It is genuinely unsettling to wander through this world and slowly unravel the mysteries of those who came before. However, after a certain point, the pacing just falls off dramatically. There are no new developments in the story for nearly an hour, and the atmosphere wears paper-thin.You will find yourself becoming irritated at performing the same weak platforming sections and avoiding the same old boring dangers. The puzzles are also a joke - childishly simple little sections of putting the only X object present into the only Y hole available. On top of this, the controls are awkward and will lead you to many any unfair death.Unfortunately, I haven't even been able to finish the game. Despite all my complaints about the gameplay and mechanics I still wanted to see the story's conclusion (after suffering through all LP's faults I think I deserve that) but no. I think I'm still roughly a couple of hours away from the end, but thanks to a glitch on one of the last hammy, awkward puzzles, I can't progress any further.I was lucky enough to get this at a discounted price, but if you want to spend £15 on a buggy game with an (at first, anyway) intriguing and promising story riddled with boring exploration, puzzles and jumping, this is the game for you. Otherwise, I cannot recommend Lifeless Planet."
76561197971484340,Recommended,261530,22468072,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,other_flash,"Great game, loved it.Music was wonderful, really felt like it belonged and set the tone.Short game, don't remember how much I paid for it, but it was easily worth it."
,Recommended,261530,22470151,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Brohannes Jahms,"1/10, misleading name.But seriously, this game is gorgeous. Check out my screenshots if you're unconvinced by the trailer. The soundtrack is stellar, the graphics are superb, and the story is intriguing and has a decent arc (which these days is a real gem). It initially annoyed me that I couldn't sprint and could only walk, but by the end I had seen the light. It's not a particularly long game, so don't be shy about taking your time. You're on another planet!!! The detail that went into the different regions just blew my mind. This is not just walking around Mars and saying ""Oh hey yet another rock sample,"" this is a brand new world with so much to see and explore and so many ways to die horribly and it's rife with mystery that unfolds throughout the story.My one major complaint was that for the amount of platforming the player has to do, the controls were too loose and the landing zone was often unclear. I appreciate and accept that the landing zone needs to be as unclear as it is to keep up with the aesthetic, but the number of times I caught the very edge and either got stuck and had to restart from the last checkpoint or simply bounced off and fell to my death...that got frustrating at times. I wouldn't call this a buggy game at all, but I think I found every single crevice to get stuck in irreparably. Perhaps it will be fixed in an update, or maybe I'll learn to suck it up and get over it. Regardless, if you find th some trouble, know you are not alone, and perservere.Also, I loved the touch of putting in day/night cycles. This is not a horror game; but if you generally avoid the horror genre, play the nocturnal bits during actual daytime, not at 1am. I hope this helps.In short: gorgeous, engaging, some minor issues but what game doesn't? Actual score: 9.25/10"
76561198090796447,Recommended,261530,22615214,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RainhamWolf,"Having just completed Lifeless Planet, I can confirm that it is a wonderful and rewarding experience.Your astronaut crash-lands on what has been promised as a paradise planet, full of lush plant life to sustain you and your crew - but upon landing you quickly realise that what you were told and what you have landed on are very different indeed.Having been promised a new world full of opportunity, you find yourself in a desolate wasteland - and you find out that you weren't the first to arrive here.Walking through the abandoned town, you are left wondering what happened here, where is everybody, and why is this world now seeminlgy dead?From working out where you'll refil your oxygen, to how will you get over that hugs chasm and explain what on Earth is that strange green stuff is you'll find this game immersive, beautifully desgined, and fun - highly recommended!"
76561198001963290,Not Recommended,261530,10430093,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Rigatoni,Needs a lot more game and a lot less tedious wandering and jumping.
76561198091543097,Not Recommended,261530,10460683,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,hughnorman,"Nice look to the game, but I just got tired of having to jump so many time just to advane the game.  So I stopped playing it."
,Not Recommended,261530,10471763,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Yoshi {DsX},this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful
76561197962731234,Not Recommended,261530,10498995,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Valar Morghulis,"I was going to give a positive review since this is still an Early Access (unreleased?) game, however apparently on 6/6/14 it went full-release.  Based on that it is buggy, with missing graphical assets (character comments on visual things that are not present) possessing of a terrible movement mechanic (6""/15cm cannot be stepped over and instead you must jump, sometimes a single jump will fall short but a double jump overshoots, turning in place is impossible you can only walk in a small circle to turn, etc.).This game could have had lots of potential to be a very fun and atmospheric puzzle game.  Instead it's a good idea with bad implementation."
76561198108167526,Not Recommended,261530,10736284,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dragonfire7088,Wow! What a disapointment. In better hands it could have been an interesting story. The story like the scenery and like the gameplay is as they say......Lifeless.
76561198031607037,Not Recommended,261530,10739055,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,iamdustybones,"This game is way too boring. You walk around for ages. Oh look, a person.Don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,261530,10896668,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TerminalBlue,"Lifeless Game, more like.I get that it was made by one dude, which is kinda neat, and there are definitely high points to the story, but overall it's not really an adventure game, it's a 3d platformer. A boring one.I really wanted to like this one, but about an hour in I felt like I was forcing myself through just in hopes it got better. Which it really didn't unfortunately."
76561198060217842,Not Recommended,261530,10980681,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,zman785,I would say the game doesn't get much better other than jumping around with almost no upgrades and no customization. The story line is pretty lame but roaming around the world can be fun...for a bit...A few things here and there to look for but staya at the same pace as the opening 5 minutes. There were only 2 memorable moments for me in this game and it was teleporting through portals and the end game finale. I would say wait until game goes under 10USD then decide on making purchase first.
76561198056832669,Not Recommended,261530,10727703,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rented mule,"I'm sorry. I thought this was an adventure, puzzle solving game. It turns out there are some puzzles but the majority of the game is just running and jumping. No replay value and the story is not even that good."
,Not Recommended,261530,10962885,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ManualDeathSum,"I really, really wanted to like this game. But it's not optimized well at all (my computer should run it very well, but the frame rate is about 20-25 fps). The phenomenal voice acting could have saved it except for the fact that if you ever die, the game gets stuck--literally, the camera just sits and stares at the place where you died and you have to Save and Quit, which for some reason ignores all the progress you've made and takes you two acts backwards. I've played the first underground part three freaking times because I fell off the radio tower near the end of the part AFTER that. I wish I could get a refund on this buggy♥♥♥♥♥shovelware."
76561198121198373,Not Recommended,261530,29768929,Posted: 7 February,all,Shinjii,"I put this down as a No for reccommendation because I do not advise ANYONE to buy this game at the 20 dollar mark unless you want to be highly disappointed, now if you want it wait for it to go on sale I got it for about 7 USD.Pros:1.The story is wonderful, and has a good plot.2.There are a few times that the game's setting is very beautiful looking.3.Lastly even though there is alot of times you are lost its a relaxing game.Cons:1.Edges are very slippery, your main way of getting around is a jetpack and unless you hit your target perfect you will slide off and die.2.The gameplay is really not even there even though you encounter some ""puzzles"" (most of them a five year old can figure out), you are basically just walking in a straight line (unless you take a tiny path to a side area to get a rock specimen that does nothing for your game experience).3.Alot of the game could have been chunked out and you would have never seen a difference in your experience because you are walking through some areas that do not change in scenery for 10+ mins a piece.4.I found myself getting bored throughout the game because of #3 even though scenery does change sometimes its nothing to exciting.All in All:I would not reccomend this game at 20 dollars buy it when its on sale for 6 dollars if you really want to waste 3 hours on an hour long story."
,Not Recommended,261530,10467039,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,"NO, I DONT WANT THAT","I'm going to write two versions of this review, the short and long version.Short first, by each category:Visuals: 4/5I think its on the unity engie, but overall, good and modern visuals.Gameplay: 1/5Terrible. Doesn't feel like exploring, feels like painful, drawn out walks. Like if you walked around the city in GTA V, doing absolutely nothing.Audio: 4.5/5Great audio, super atmospheric and a beautiful OSTConveyance (where to go): 3/5Sometimes it was plane easy to know where to go, and sometimes it took me 5 minutes to figure it out.Story: 4.5/5Fantastic, original story. It's especially great if you're a fan of Cold War fiction. However, there should have been more story, less walks in the park.Price: 1/5I get that its a 1 man dev team, but 20$ is absurd. This game is far from perfect, and needs a lot of work. I was very dissapointed. 5-10$ would have been much more fair. I feel robbed.Overall: 3/5 I just didn't enjoy it. The annoying plant life, the 15 minute walking sessions doing nothing, the stupid platforming jumps, terrible optimization, FPS drops left and right on my GTX 760, plot holes, and more.Would not reccommend, I wish i could have my money back, or at least half. I coulnd't even finish the game I was so upset with it."
76561197973911829,Not Recommended,261530,10879889,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Red Bear,"Primitive and boring gameplay, ugly graphics, but good storyline and music. Better to see walkthrough on youtube."
76561198059685082,Not Recommended,261530,29683798,Posted: 3 February,all,Goblin01,"i honestly went into this game knowing id like it with the neat mystery esch backstory of the assuemd main character and theres a TON of good ideas of how to execute the ""thought provoking meta whatever plot"" right? but all but maybe a handful of those concepts were even touched apon later.it started off half decent and got me super pumped. but then not even half way through it just becomes a super low  texture quality puzzle game. each level is just one puzzle type used to explore the eviroment. but when the enviroment is boring to look at in the first place(for most of the game i should exclaim) and the game for whatever reason makes exploring the enviroment a hastle its just not worth it. the length of the game was the reason to finish it.the smallest of possible jumps either kill you or bring you to a ""stomp"" to the ground that stuns you for a whole hot second. that last part wouldnt be too terribly annoying but it happens so very frequently that it was hard not to get frustrated with the game. the momentum mechanic would have made the game so much more fun if it wasnt for this. maybe even making the game more fun to explore.i get this game was suppose to tell the story more than some titanfall mechanic clone. but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the stoy isnt even followed through as far as i could see. yes theres resolution but so many of the good story telling aspects were never expanded apon. i think there was at some point a really well thought out game and story to go with it. but some time during development the puzzle aspect took on too much or maybe the team just really wanted to get the game out there instead of ploishing it. not even to mention the many numerous menu and collectable glitches. thanks game"
76561197984247273,Recommended,261530,27858665,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dirtbag,"Picked up Lifeless Planet on sale, then played straight through it in one sitting.It's definitely a walking simulator, with intuitive puzzles, but the story holds together well and never feels like it's getting old.I clocked in around 4 hours, which felt like the 'right' amount of time for the game."
76561198025474712,Recommended,261530,27977724,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,warteye,"I loved it. Short, sweet, satisfying."
76561198052906750,Not Recommended,261530,12417095,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SkySheep,"Extremely linear, very easy to break, though beautiful nonetheless"
76561198021651789,Recommended,261530,13276143,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MaLuisMorales,"I purchsed the game for $5 dollars.  The games have given my a lot of joy.  I've already put 7 hours into the game and I am enjoying the story line.  The game does have some quirks.  Sometime whe you want to quit the menu doesn't work correctly.  I tried a bunch of times and I couldn't get out of the game.  I noticed if I move a little in the game and went back to the menu it would work.  There were twice when I got stuck behind a awall and couldn't move.  Jumping sometime seems off, but you get used it to quickly.  The music is great.  Play loud or with headphones.  Its sounds great!"
76561198049161608,Recommended,261530,13232814,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,stevie42h,What can I say? Ive never been much of a PC adventurer however this little game had me hooked for reasons I know not. The graphics and music make this game what it is and while its not a difficult game to master it does have that element of 'need to know what happens next' I was lucky to buy it in the sale because the down side to this positive write up is I wouldnt stump up £14.99 simply because you can complete it in about 5 hours - wait for the next sale or down pricing before you buy. I'm not disappointed even though the end came a little bit to quickly for my liking. Enjoy if you buy
,Not Recommended,261530,34574811,Posted: 29 August,all,Asylum Bound Games,"Interesting concept and was fun to explore for a little bit, but got really really boring quick. Might revisit and change my mind if it picks up but my time is to valuable to be bored for as long as I was playing this. Might be for you if you enjoy mindlessly searching a wasteland in only certain direction."
76561197993473943,Not Recommended,261530,11562815,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,broozar,"A game that feels way too long despite its 3.5h play time. The characters in the story are bland and unrelatable, the levels are barely more than wide stretches of nothing and the gameplay is barely there as well.The graphics show a distinct lack of artistry throughout the whole affair: terrain textures are low res and stretched beyond reason over what looks like noise-generated terrain, the character(s) animations are abrupt and unnatural, light/shadow effects are mostly absent - the graphics were barely marketable in PS2 days. Dear developers, drenching everything in bloom, DOF and SSAO does not make up for lack of... everything.Gameplay-wise, it is a walking simulator, with the occasional unchallenging platform passage. And walking is what you do, through one of the most uninteresting, empty, and same-y landscapes in recent gaming history. Please have a look at real landscapes to get inspired, do not let game engine terrain generators dictate your aesthetics.I cannot recommend this to anyone, sorry."
76561198057482188,Not Recommended,261530,11690973,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Reverud-san,"Do not buy this game, unless it's on sale.The game has a few bright moments where it really shines and delivers a satisfying atmosphere, combined with a fitting soundtrack.However. Often I found myself getting bored and the constant platform feel with easy puzzles does not help the game at all.I feel that this game had a great potential to be so much better, but sadly it keeps dissapointing.If you want a game with a much better atmosphere I suggest you check out games like, Dear Esther and Journey.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261530,12043698,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Skumble,"By way of not being a FPS this was a surprisingly good game. Lots of nice moments and the discovery aspect was well handled. The story was light yet filling and the Player character's controls were simple therefore easy to get used to. Nothing to ""write home about"" but a great way to kill a rainy afternoon. Unfortunately I'm giving this a total thumbs down due to the ""First Playthrough"" condition on the achievements and I'm boycotting the Stupid studio that thought that that was a good idea. Sure - it can be done but when are the devs going to get it in their heads that setting land-locked achievements is like being punched in the face after being invited to a party. Watching out for the developer Stage 2 Studios and BOYCOTTING anything else that comes from them. Pity, good game but they'll never see another cent from me. 0/10"
,Recommended,261530,11624347,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Optimization issues, awkward controls and unnecessary narration aside,Lifeless Planetis an otherwise respectable space survival adventure, one drawing an obvious inspiration from soviet era science fiction. Commendable for its unsettling desolation and impressive music score, this is one that I'd recommend for the more adventurous, ambient-minded gamers out there, though I'm personally uncertain if I'll ever be compelled to revisit it in the future."
76561197972531466,Not Recommended,261530,18903499,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,etornow,"I wanted to like the game, I really really did.  The premise is very promising and the concept is solid, but everything was just...so...underwhelming for me.  The puzzles were all the same, random transitions between environments, only two real types of enemies: two kinds of killer plants that are easy to avoid, and way too much of the time I spent playing was spent just running, trying as fast as I could to get from point A to point B.The only thing that kept me going was the hope of an awesome payoff story wise, and that was underwhelming as well.  At least the game is very forgiving when it comes to dying.  If dying meant losing too much progess, that might have been too much for me.  Also, platforming with a janky jetpack was kinda fun, so there's a plus.  Overall, I can't recommend buying this game, but I don't blame you if you did given the intriguing premise."
76561198138285471,Not Recommended,261530,32687719,Posted: 23 June,all,Stainless-Angel,"wow, Game begins, no explanation whatsoever on gameplay, objectives, nothing.I mean, sure you can google it but that's just really sloppy design, making the players stop the game, just to look up how to use the core mechanics  (spoiler alert: There are none, you walk. by baically guessing. then jump. Goodluck with guessing where you're not supposse to go though)I get the whole ""try to survive"" thing but that's just...lazy, frustrating, stupid, you name it. Maybe if there was some thrill, explanation, maybe even the luxary of a backstory or some animation to engage the player (besides the ""booho the spaceship's out. All r ded where am i where are they""). But...no. So, I got bored. I left. Go through a playthrough if you must, no real fun in playing IMO"
76561198074175553,Recommended,261530,26567190,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RuttoPossu,i really enjoyed this game
76561197971776915,Not Recommended,261530,30883700,Posted: 1 April,all,Daddy24,Its fun...but its not. I got board with this one. Too much jumping around in slow moving enviorments.
,Not Recommended,261530,23030372,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,dinci hoca,"Seemed interesting in the beginning, then got boring very quickly"
,Not Recommended,261530,34491832,Posted: 25 August,all,Kraegan,"I just finished this after only 5 hours of total play. The game lacked everything. It was a jumping game that lacked any actual complexity to master. The play was very linear. I over thought most of the game trying to get to areas that just weren't accessible. If I would have played straight through, it would have probably been a 2-hour game. Fortunately, it was only like $6.00. Considering it was going for $30 when they debuted it I would have requested my money back.Not even worth a single star in my opinion."
76561197964960469,Not Recommended,261530,20498240,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hannah Montana,Running and jumping and more running and jumping and when you've finally had enough there's more running and jumping. You literally run and jump across an entire planet.Strongly do not recommend. It's a propaganda piece. Not worth any amount of money.
,Recommended,261530,10032859,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Brandon,"Awesome game for what is there so far, I think it took me an hour or so. Very atmospheric and left me wanting to know the rest of the story. Definitely A+"
,Not Recommended,261530,24732321,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,dumpBikes,Interesting concept but boring gameplay.
,Not Recommended,261530,10425708,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Quitch,"Big fat thumbs down from me. You spend huge chunks of time holding down W, and occasionally jumping. There's little danger, except when you miss a jump and it wastes your time. There's so little game, yet a lot of walking to do.The problem is that even with the limited mechanics it could perhaps make up for it in immersion or atmosphere? But it doesn't really, other than a pretty decent score. I don't know anything more about me or my mission in the last 3 hours than I learned in the trailer. It hasn't developed any character or given me a reason to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anyone. But it's called Lifeless Planet, so you think the planet would be the star, but it's just such a boring place to be. The story itself has been pretty meh so far, and the collectables dull so finding things isn't a reward, and generally it takes so long to trek anywhere off the path that you won't want to bother.And what's the point of the oxygen mechanic exactly? You're running low! Quick, get to the container that's really close and probably on the main path!Fantastic trailer though."
76561198050386127,Recommended,261530,11166857,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,dsegel4,"This is one of the best games I have ever played.  Interesting and challenging without being too challenging.  Generally played very well on the PC. Several different ""worlds"" to explore--each one full of interesting puzzles.  Graphics are phenominal.  Hard to pull yourself away.  Very interesting and different story line  Lots of fun hours."
,Recommended,261530,14641850,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nightmare,Everyone should play this amazing game. Ending made me tear up a little bit.
,Recommended,261530,15405791,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,2dgamemania,"Its kinda what I thought, alot of running and jumping, nice story, good atmosphere.  Its a good game but has some bugs.  I run into this women who was running on the spot, dont think that was meant to be there!  Also when I try and end the game the option to save and exit wont highlight so I have to ctrl alt and delete out of the game.  If you can get over these annoying bugs its a good game.  Havent finished it yet so hope I dont find more issues with the game, will update if I do."
76561198120463505,Recommended,261530,23451840,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,themilitantpoet,Great game. Awsome story.
,Recommended,261530,14673005,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,†Neimad†,"This game was quite enjoyable - although the story was a bit lack luster.A nice puzzle based running sim with some nice points.I would reccomend it if you were bored with some time to kill, but I would not replay it again.75/100."
76561198055565533,Recommended,261530,14788269,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,The Sex Man of Virginia,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good.  It's incredibly immersive, the story is really interesting, and everything about it is really trippy.  It has some puzzles but they are not too hard.  You can jump so far with the jetpack.  The jetpack was probably my favorite part of the game.  I could make any jump, haha.  Lifeless Planet is such a good game."
,Recommended,261530,25437409,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,cancelaron.mi.cuenta,"Two thirds of the game in and so far so good. It can be played at the highest settings on an intel hd 5500 (8gb dual channel ram, up to 4gb shared video ram) and at the second highest settings on a single 4gb ram stick8/10 would propel off a cliff again"
,Not Recommended,261530,13268695,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,No.615_Archangel,"HI,This game is still in need of some 'rudimentary' code to enable advanced players to play this game without unnecessary difficulties. In this specific case I have spent a great deal of time trying to understand what was going on with my game at the very beginning.After start up the game starts with the astronaut running in an uncontrollable fashion. which eventually turned out to be caused by the fact that the pedals of the rudder kit were in their rest state which the game interpreted as instructions to walk. Pressing either pedal (i.e. using the toe brakes) causes the astronaut to turn and move in that direction. After some experimentation it seems that if both pedals were pressed such that they were at the midpoint of their rotation all movement ceased.In  practise the game appears to make use of multiple joystick devices plugged into a platform but fails to take the trouble to identify the class of device. In my case I have the Saitek X52 pro Joystick and the Saitek Rudder pedals connected.The config screen identifies the throttle quadrant as joystick 1, the joystick itself as joystick 2, but there is no obvious way to disable the use of the rudder pedal (bar disconnecting it [not an acceptable option]). In this case I have attempted to modify the null zones for the rudder pedal but without any impact on the game.It is requested that the development team look into this problem as soon as possible and hopefully provide a fix."
76561197986119761,Not Recommended,261530,29595551,Posted: 30 January,all,VIPERman,GARBAGE! This game is terrible in every aspect. It even does a poor job as a walking simulator. The game's ungainly textures are wrapped around polygonal rocks without care to the result. It is buggy and nearly unplayable at parts.At first I thought it was put out by a studio more concerned with the story than the gameplay so I kept at it. I was hoping for some kind of revelatory plot. I wanted something mind blowing. What I got was a loosely connected dream sequence and interview peppered through an uninspired premise.I am very disappointed by this abortion of a game
,Not Recommended,261530,10498691,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nuclearfusion42,"Lifeless planet. Well. My friend was playing this game and he sounded like he was enjoying it so I was all like ""Sure, I'll make an impulse buy"" NEVER AGAIN. This game, if you could call it a game, is just incredibly boring.The mechanics are boring and unoriginal. Jumping 'puzzles' and square peg square hole 'puzzles' are about as complex as it gets, nothing challenging. There are often bits where you walk around following a glowing path, so you can avoid the giant spike monsters... Why do you need a glowing path for that? Well let me tell you, it’s to involve a pointless alien character in the non existent plot. This game is labeled as an action adventure. Action, none of that, the most action thing that happens is maybe the occasional rock slide, or a spike shooting out of the ground in your general direction. As for adventure? Well plenty of that, if you think adventure is wandering slightly off the linear path and encountering a poorly textured dead end. I think in an adventure game especially one like this where you are supposed to be unraveling the mystery a lifeless dead planet, exploration should be rewarded with story, with plot, not with a dead end.Early In the game you gain the ability to use your jetpack for more than one burst (In this game you can jump, then jumping again gives you a short bust of jetpack) of your jetpack that allows you to traverse relatively great distances then it swiftly takes that away from you, sternly saying ""NO. No fun for you"" (It helps for comedic effect if you think that in a Russian accent) Instead of making the game more grandiose to fit this new fun ability you have, it just goes back to the same old walk here, jump here, jump over a thing, move a thing to help you jump on another thing gameplay.The environments are boring. Unless you enjoy desert. I'm sure some people enjoy looking at sand and rocks for extended periods of time, geologists for instance, but I'm not a geologist. I am however supposed to be on an alien planet that was populated by Russians. Think you could do something interesting with that, no? Really? They sure nailed empty though when that monotony it is finally broken by some man made structures, you quickly get bored of those too. One of the first 'interesting' areas is supposed to be a research facility, what wonders are in this research facility you ask?  Decaying soviet technology? Leaking vats of unidentifiable goo? NOPE. I counted about eight microscopes and some grey wooden desks. Chairs to boot. Can’t forget the chairs.  That's right. An Interplanetary soviet colonization party sent to set up the 'new motherland' bring enough construction materials to make several large bunkers and a dam, some tesla coils, desks, chairs and eight microscopes, got your priorities straight there. In terms of other environments there is the aforementioned desert, copy pasted buildings and bunkers, a dead forest (Desert with tree shaped rocks), canyons... Well... That's is... Bar some poorly textured alien set pieces  which they make use of several times.The plot? You want to know about the plot? Wait. This game has a plot?! It does, and guess what it's boring. Actually. Scratch that it's not boring it's just dumb. I thought it was just about walking and jumping but no, It's some crap about soviets discovering a stargate, going through the stargate, somehow infecting and wiping out a weird moss that for some reason all life on the planet lives off that is also a power source with a terrestrial virus (quite how a terrestrial virus would adapt quickly enough to wipe out an extra terrestrial form of plant life when usually virus have trouble crossing the species barrier I'll never know, but then again I'm not a biologist or a xenobiologist) thereby killing all life on the planet. Oh except the mutant plants, what caused them to mutate so quickly to become deadly spike extending plants you ask?... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...Apparently they tried to cure this virus, presumably with the microscopes.You got space soviets wrong.SPACE SOVIETS.There's an Russian alien chick too I think I mentioned before, she's suppose to be an allusion to your dead wife or something. I can’t really remember because of the two hours I spent playing this game I spent half an hour trying to climb a really tall pylon she was sitting on top of just to prevent me from slitting my wrists out of sheer boredom. I thought perhaps there'd be a spy who loved me cross captain Kirk style Easter Egg at the top but eventually I gave up. Not just on the pylon, but also this bland game, and also humanity, but that's a separate issue.AVOID AT ALL COSTS. You get it, costs, because this junk cost me 15 quid. You want to play a similar game that is several magnitudes better. Go take a look at Waking Mars. Better environment, characters - actual characters, good gameplay, it's less than half the price and accomplishes this without one third of the dimensions this game has."
76561198007491815,Not Recommended,261530,10502522,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,danielbarneysmith,"While the game LOOKS wonderful, and occasionally stunning. It is not worth the time and effort to play it.  There are defunct mechanics such as ""need oxygen"" which only serve as mcguffins to make you move in a particular direction occasionally.It has trivial puzzles with exceptionally ham fisted story telling. Instead of a voyage of discovery there is a ""oh looks like this happneed"" dialogue.Alot of jumping, some occasionaly rocks to push around which are bizarely difficult to stand on. And creatures just vanish into the ground.The sound design is really quite great, and it looks pretty. But everything else (particularly the awful cutscenes) is unpolished and sub par. I feel robbed :P"
,Not Recommended,261530,10514131,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,YannSolo,The ambiance is cool but the game is boring... 4/10
,Not Recommended,261530,11239735,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SkyMarshal,"Interesting story, poor gameplay.  Not worth the money."
,Recommended,261530,22392526,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,swan_electro,"This is not for the hard core action gamer, to be sure.It is, however, freaking gorgeous.   a lot of time is spent in journey from one plot point to another, but if you can temporarily  let go of your achievement oriented paradigm, and enjoy the view on the way, there's plenty to drink in.I just got it today (Jim Sterling sent me) and  haven't finished it yet.---I just finished it, and am very satisfied.  only, now I want to...You know what? I''m not about to spoil anything here.  you'll probably see what I mean just before the credits.This game is like ICO for astronaughts.---Dear Devs of Lifeless planet,Sound track please!  I love the Tangerine Dream / Crystal Method feel of the music.  It's just so damn, short!  the music fades out right when I'm starting to really feel the groove. I'd love to have a key to press to let my little astronaut sway along with me."
,Not Recommended,261530,28240824,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AMIGrAve,The poor design and gameplay makes it hard to enjoy this game.
76561198210431915,Recommended,261530,24127385,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,*****,Nice atmospheric Sci-Fi game.
76561198063529266,Not Recommended,261530,27910603,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Visaru,"Well, at this point I've played barely over an hour of this game, so maybe it's too soon for me to say, but I strongly disliked it. Lifeless Planet is simply not worth any more of my time.The graphics were quite poor, as was the control scheme (the character turns on a dime, and whenever you need a flashlight this becomes dizzying). Jumping can be a bit obnoxious and hard to gauge, and the textures look pretty abysmal. This is all, in my opinion, entirely forgivable, if the story is fantastic. Which, unfortunately, it was not.Although I can't imagine anything more intriguing than discovering a cold war village on a deserted planet, it's existence is quickly explained away in perhaps the most unexciting way possible, turning it from a fascinating mystery story to a boring run of the mill sci-fi game plot. The hints at zombies (talk about a mysterious illness, phrases like ""they're coming, I'm the last one left"") whether misread by me or not, also added to the feeling of retread ground. Additionally, I was shocked early in the game to find no agknowledgement of liquid water or the living creatures one encounters on what is supposedly a ""lifeless planet"". Considering one of the main mysteries is ""why is this planet barren of life"", you'd think discovering the alien life on the planet would register at least a few words from the main character. Nope. You pass by a few green squid-things in a pool without so much as a reference to them later. The player character has just commented: ""I don't understand why there are absolutely no traces of life"" when he sees a rocky outcropping, but apparently finding that life is too unimportant to mention. I was puzzled and frustrated and spent a while trying to find the action that would make them relevant to me. it's one thing to add a few fish to a pool in a game, another to do so when the game's setting is a desolate lifeless alien planet.I finally stopped playing because I made a puzzle much harder than it was supposed to be (I missed a pretty obvious button that would have made life much easier) and on restarting the game I found myself at a checkpoint that was a few too many obnoxious jumping puzzles away from being worth doing them again.So take this with a grain of salt, because the game could turn around just after the hour mark (although the other reviews don't suggest so) but I'd strongly suggest some other, more well crafted, space exploration game. I just couldn't find it in me to keep playing it.TL;DR At least for the first hour, the controls, graphics, puzzles, and story are all bad. The concept is cool."
,Not Recommended,261530,12396596,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Keon McKeon,Such a dissapointment...sooooo lifeless planet. makes it easy for the developers to make a game right? CORRECTcrappy terrain. crappy voice acting lifeless story lifeless planet LIFELESS GAME. 2.3/10 N YOU ARE LUCKY YOU ARE EVEN GETTING THAT :/ such a dissapointment and this game had so much potential
,Not Recommended,261530,23441940,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,jameslucas,"Lifeless Planetis a beautiful, bleak game that ultimately fails in an impressively wide variety of ways. The game has significant problems with story, environmental design, input controls, game-play mechanisms, and graphics. And some of the problems would have been solved simply by adhering to industry standards. (Why, oh why, does a game with long, intricate jumping puzzles offer no means to safely pivot in place?) The few times when the game creates a legitmate opportunity for discovery or anah-hamoment, it sabotages itself with poorly tuned controls, deadening repetition, or, in one case, the protagonist's internal monologue explaining—for no reason—how to solve what could have been a fun puzzle.Even the Steam achievements seem designed to make the game less fun. Thereisan achievement for playing this 5-hour game for 10 hours (whee?) butnotfor completing the game (speedrun excluded). Even Jonathan Blow, who seems determined to free gamers from being shackled to their persuit of achievements and allotted a scant two achievements to his 2016 masterpieceThe Witness, made sure that one of those two achievements was for reaching the end. In not acknowledging completion, the creators ofLifeless Planetseem positively mean-spirited."
76561198073315528,Not Recommended,261530,12398134,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,jwm,Rather disappointing game to me. Not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,261530,10379842,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,LC85,"I really enjoy games with good storys and i love sci fi, but this game was just boring.  Everything is too slow, i played for just over 2 hours before giving up all i was doing was running and jumping between rocks. Sorry but i cant recommend this, its a shame because i was really looking forward to this one."
76561197970745315,Not Recommended,261530,20188026,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DimbleSpuzz,"Do you like playing games with annoying jumping puzzles, boring and ugly environments, and a story that will cure your insomnia?Congratulations! You're a masochist! Also, Lifeless Planet is the perfect game for you.I beat this game in 5 hours. During that time, I saw textures and level geometry that would have been right at home in a 1st-year PS2 game (despite a release date of 2015). Seriously, this game is UGLY. I mean, I have seen tech demos from half a decade ago that look better than this game. On the plus side, you can adjust the visual settings in the game options menu. The trouble is that it doesn't do a whole lot to make the game look better, just more crisp around the edges. Lifeless planet is ""gritty brown realism"" taken to a comical extreme, only without much of the ""realism.""I was nearly put to sleep by the game's storyline. You're an astronaut who crashes on a seemingly dead world, and you have to find out where your crew is and make your escape. SUPER ORIGINAL! It doesn't really get much better but I won't spoil what little story there is to be had.If you're looking for action, combat, strategy, etc., look elsewhere. The whole game consists of jumping around (sometimes using a pathetically weak ""jet pack"" that is neither physically visible nor produces any kind of effect beyond a single white light pulse originating around your character's butt), reading documents, and listening to recordings. There is an extremely limited number of puzzles that need solving, but they wouldn't challenge anyone above the age of 10.The only real plus side to this game is that it didn't have any bugs to speak of. Installation went fine and the game never crashed, which ironically puts it above some AAA titles in that regard. That being said, if the game did crash, it would have been more exciting than actually playing Lifeless Planet.There really isn't much to do in this game. After completing it, I felt like I'd just gotten done with some mundane chore like mowing the lawn or doing the dishes. I can't even bring myself to hate the game, because hate is a strong emotion, and strong emotions have to come from somewhere. Lifeless Planet barely managed to make me feel like I had done anything more than watch beige-colored paint dry.To add insult to injury, according to the credits, this game was Kickstarted. As in, people actually invested real money to make this lame excuse for a game happen. I feel truly sorry for anybody that parted with their hard-earned cash in exchange for seeing Lifeless Planet get made.Spend your time and money elsewhere.3/10"
76561198128508383,Not Recommended,261530,27834972,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,douchebagking,"I ran out of patient in jumping in between huge rocks and keep failing at it.I think I was expecting something less of a puzzle like game design but more of the beautiful and exotic world exploration.Most of the time, you will find yourself stuck in between huge♥♥♥♥♥rocks and don't know what to do."
76561198017812511,Recommended,261530,24184025,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,killingsnails,great story but kinda short
,Not Recommended,261530,25372615,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ramshambo,Lots of walking...walking...jumping...looking at brown stuff.  So boring.
76561197976307314,Recommended,261530,18541042,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Palimon,"One other review described this game as a walking simulator, and that is almost correct.  I'd add that if you enjoyed Journey, you'll enjoy this as they're very similar in style and content: relaxed atmospheric platformers with fantastic music and a few hours of play time.  This is Journey with a sci-fi theme and a bit of actual story laced in (Journey just hinted at story, but nothing concrete).  The audio is awesome (voice-over, music, fx), the graphics are passable to good (some models are simplistic/dated, scenery ranges from eh to gorgeous), and the controls are occasionally frustrating and could use some polish.  The overall experience is worth it though, if you enjoy this kind of game - it's the atmosphere that's the real selling point, and it sells.  Wait for a sale, as $20 is too much for the game you get.  That said, I grabbed it on sale and enjoyed the time I spent on it.  Best played at night with the lights off, and a fish tank glowing beside your monitor :)."
76561198147957909,Not Recommended,261530,24962414,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DEMON_RATCHET,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and more♥♥♥♥♥♥ Disregard the videos, pictures, and description, as well as any other interest you may have in this game. There's no story. All you do is follow a poorly put together Russian plant woman, and get stabbed in the♥♥♥♥♥by the occasional plant. Was highly disappointed. Do not buy this game. Do not buy this game. Do not buy this game..."
76561197965586252,Not Recommended,261530,13752589,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Octobastard,Endless bloody jumping puzzles
,Recommended,261530,29701144,Posted: 4 February,all,Aerial Aces | WaldenMC,Great game.
76561198027124941,Recommended,261530,17276857,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,cloomby,sick as fuuu
76561198015076995,Not Recommended,261530,10427531,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Tatussin,The game is a crap
76561198013274120,Not Recommended,261530,10401343,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,redherring,I honestly thought this was going to be a fun game after playing the early access game. The final release has many bugs.  Getting trapped in corners and a very poor save feature has had me do too many things over again. Just went through Hell and now I am back in it from the beginning after hitting the next level. Frustrating. There are other bugs that are apparent too. Really wanted to love this game...........but I can't. It is not hard just frustrating. I understand that this was a one man army that put this together but that is not an excuse for leaving out obvious requirements like a good save feature.
,Not Recommended,261530,25284672,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Megatherian,"Every aspect of this ""game"" was terrible.Graphics, story, gameplay, voice acting, script, music, controls, interface - 0/10This was just aweful."
76561198087699048,Not Recommended,261530,32729256,Posted: 24 June,all,zimr,just no
76561198140034093,Recommended,261530,31285837,Posted: 21 April,all,maria.bobay,"this game has changed my life, it has motivated me to go to space camp and become a real life mother effing astronut. i couldnt imagaine my life with out it and i would literaly crawl in a hole and die if i never played it again. the end."
,Recommended,261530,17786551,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,More like Moneyless Wallet
,Not Recommended,261530,24627662,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Orange,"Control is so bad, terrible platforming, terrible puzzle"
,Not Recommended,261530,31455239,Posted: 29 April,all,Suck Boy Tony,meh
76561198035414307,Not Recommended,261530,9638252,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,d.thompson2012,One of the Worst games I have ever played. The bugs were so bad that I couldn't even finish the game even after I completely restarted the game 3 times!
,Not Recommended,261530,29726224,Posted: 5 February,all,.l,This game is a festering turd of retardation.
76561198067943572,Not Recommended,261530,9439879,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,narkotik cal,the controls on my game are screwed up i cant play the game
,Not Recommended,261530,10087311,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,nannerpuss,"PLEASE READ REVIEW TO UNDERSTAND THE THUMBS DOWN.Steam needs a ""in the middle"" option, something neutral. But on a scale of 1-10 (10 being highly recommended) I would put this around a 5.4 - so it's closer to zero than ten, technically.[Original Review Below]This is tough. I really wanted to enjoy this game, honestly. I was active in the forums and was a part of the Early Access. The whole Soviet-era sci-fi angle sounded awesome and as far as I know is a relatively original concept in this genre. I know indie devs put a lot of effort into releasing a game, and the guy behind this has been great about responding in the forums. So as much as it pains me to say, I can't recommend this to anyone outside a very small minority.There are a handful of reasons I wouldn't recommend this game to a friend (questionable pathing, performance issues, glitches in the environment, linear play) but the main one is the price. Twenty bucks is way too much for what you get here. Had it been released as a $9.99 game (therefore going on sale for $4.99 occasionally) I may have been able to recommend it to most adventure game fans, but as it stands I can only recommend this hardcore adventure gamers who don't mind gameplay issues as long as the story is decent.TL;DR - Only for the most diehard adventure genre fans, but even then you should wait until it goes on sale. The story is mediocre, but the concept is original-ish. This game could also benefit greatly from community modding or solid patches from the dev."
,Recommended,261530,12066047,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Griffstar,What a little gem of a game this is! It was a treat to play. Easy enough to get through with some interesting twists and turns. Recommended.
,Recommended,261530,11925630,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Tidus,1 person made this game all by himself. Pretty good i must say.
76561197992299932,Recommended,261530,11927589,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dolsons,What a great adventure! It stays interesting and fun while giving you plenty of stuff to look at. Best 20 I've dropped on a game in a long time.
,Not Recommended,261530,11880155,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Dr. Phil,"I couldn't recommend this game. I had gone into it with an open mind, sci-fi being one of my penultimately favourite genres of story, and Lifeless Planet looked just like something I had been waiting for.The story was interesting, but far too slowly told to keep my interest throughout my playthrough. There is too little substance and information in the datalogs you find, spreading the plot out too thin as you explore. Virtually everything you need to know plot-wise is told within the first half-hour or so into the game, and you find little to no closure until the very end. The gameplay is in focus more than the story at many points, and the gameplay its self is nothing to write home about.While it does have a great ambiance, especially several stages near the beginning, it quickly boils itself down to two different elements of play: running forward and jumping for the platform sections, and finding a way to move an object from one place to another to trigger an event or operate a machine. Virtually the entire game feels like it plays out in these two ways with little variation in an attempt to keep it interesting.Bugs were also prominent in my playthrough, having had to restart on several occasions due to getting stuck in the landscape and clipping errors that prevented me from completing important plot puzzles until I reloaded a previous save.The landscapes are definitely striking on occasion, in particular the scenes in the beginning of the destroyed, sand-covered Russian colony. But much to my dismay they too quickly broke down into little more than arrays of high cliffs and barren valleys. While an effective way to portray a 'Lifeless Planet', it gave very little to look at or take in which is something I would have hoped to occur since the gameplay leaves you running forward for a vast majority of the game.The sound design is alright. The low tones of the cello really do accent your...loneliness and the lifelessness of the planet, but the music is almost negligable as it often disappears beyond the background noise and SFX. The Russian voiceovers in the data logs are a welcome addition though!Ultimately though, I would definitely NOT recommend Lifeless Planet. In my eyes the price tag of something is dependent on how much fufillment I get from a game (I had no problem paying $15 for Journey even though it had only a two hour playtime). Lifeless Planet should be a budget $5-$10 game at most but $20 is FAR too steep for this game. Get it on sale if it appeals to you, because I can't see it being worth the steep price point towards most players."
,Recommended,261530,11870676,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ray.harry,"It's an art game. There's a lot of walking, looking at scenery and some mild puzzles and platforming.I really enjoyed the feeling of isolation, the unfolding story, and the evocative scenery.  I struggled with one part, but otherwise it was an intriguing journey. There's about 6 hours of enjoyment if you investigate thoroughly."
,Recommended,261530,11826719,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Kafoops,"When I heard this was a cross between The Dig and 50s scifi, I had to play it - and I wasn't disappointed! I rarely finish games, but the storyline was so engaging, the mood and atmosphere set just right that I had no problems getting to the end. The puzzles are basic but in a good way, because story was king and I wanted to get to the end without being hindered too much by mechanics. It reminds me of Gone Home, in which the gameplay was set around the story, to make you take those next few steps to see what happens, how it all ends. I thoroughly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,261530,11852197,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,HeyLuigi,"This game exceeded my expectations, it was a surprisingly beatiful game to play with a interesting story to it when you read the documents. For its price you couldnt ask for more, a great game, one of few that i fully completed in the first few weeks of purchase.Some of the controls could have handled better, for example the robotic arm wasn't all that great and often my spaceman got trapped between two objects in a glitch.I give this game a solid 8/10worth the buy, i support it, PEACE x"
,Recommended,261530,19217321,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,White Rhino PSO,"This is one of those games that make me wish there was a ""middle-of-the-road"" option rather than a simple thumbs-up or thumbs-down. Given that I have more good things to say about the game than bad, I suppose it deserves a recommendation.From the first time I saw the game's trailer and screenshots, it looked interesting. An atmospheric puzzle game where a lot of the entertainment came from exploring the world and finding the clues that help explain what really happened on this planet. And it's got plenty of that, from scientific studies your character does of the geology around him and the documents left over by the vanished inhabitants of the planet. In the beginning, that alone kept me trekking across the endless wastes.There are some issues, however. First of all, the controls themselves are tight enough. Moving your character is a bit awkward for anyone who has played most first- or third-person games on a keyboard. Instead of strafing with the A and D keys, your character will turn themselves in that direction. This means you have to stop and turn the camera with the mouse any time you want to look around the landscape; if you try to do this while moving, you'll be fighting the character's shuddering urge to turn rather than keep moving linearly.Your suit also comes with a short burst of gas that allows for something of a stunted double-jump. Every other platforming game I've played in the past allows you to correct yourself mid-jump, even if only slightly. In Lifeless Planet, once you've jumped, you're entirely committed to it. The majority of times I've failed a jumping puzzle in this game was due to thinking I needed a little extra mustard to reach the next platform.. and instead watching helplessly as my astronaut barely misses the far edge - and then it's another jog all the way around to the start of the section, if you haven't otherwise plummeted to your death.There's one last downside I can mention about this game. At different points throughout your journey, the game will inform you that you're running low on oxygen and that you need to find some way to top yourself back off. Similarly, there are occasional tanks of gas that boosts your suit's jumping capability from a single short burst to seven larger ones, allowing for higher or longer jumps.The only problem I have with either of these mechanics is that they are entirely plot-centric - the only time you'll ever run out of either is when the developer decided that you should. If you're running low on oxygen, there will definitely be a reserve supply somewhere within jogging distance. If the game tells you that you've run out of jump gas, it's only because you won't need it for the next section of the level. Rather than allowing for an interesting mechanic which would force a player to keep track of the nearest oxygen and jump-gas containers, it simply ends up feeling more artificial. When my suit would randomly decide it was out of jump gas even when I hadn't tried to jump in a minute or two, it broke some of the immersion.Final Verdict: If you like atmospheric and investigative games, and you don't mind having to wrangle some awkward control issues and the occasional unintuitive puzzle, then this might be the game for you. It somewhat reminds me of the old LucasArts game ""The Dig,"" though I've personally never played it (I did read the book, though - yes, someone wrote a novelization of a point-and-click adventure game). Even then, I'd suggest picking it up when it's on sale rather than at full price."
,Recommended,261530,19122033,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Crash,A suprisingly good game for the price nice little indie game to casualy play now and then. Some nice little early plot twists keep the momentum going and i found its story appeal to be similiar to Spec Ops: The Line in that its story was very developed and kept you wanting more. Not the most mind blowing graphics but the stroy and atmosphere make up for that.
,Recommended,261530,19128885,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Nik,"Nice story, good environment, only complaint is that the game is a bit short."
76561198008311320,Recommended,261530,19128983,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,daviddean123,This is a very good game !  It is a simple exploring game which is suitable for all age groups .
,Recommended,261530,19273593,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,CthulhuLikesTacos,"Haunting soundtrack. Engrossing story. Beautiful landscape.No, there isn't 300000 collectible items in this game nor anything to really explore ""off the path"" to sate your appetite if that is what you need. However, if you don't mind a lot of jumping, then get this. The story truly is worth it and the atmosphere of the game is stunning.If you dream of being a geologist one day, get some practice in with this game."
76561198040878175,Recommended,261530,19062377,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,lord_byron100,"I really enoyed this game.  Not terribly hard, but it's nice to have a game that isn't ridiculously challenging as well.  The story was very good and intriguing, but seemed to lose some steam towards the end.  Beatiful visuals and awesome soundtrack.  All the voice actors were amazing.  All in all, a really well done indie game."
,Recommended,261530,19077391,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TRiMGamingDK,"An atmospheric, adventure exploring game with minor puzzles in it."
76561198042360328,Recommended,261530,19087669,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Papa_Guedhe,"There's an achievement for beating it in less than 4 hours, so you know it goes quick. However, it is still a beautiful, sad tale. I'd say there's at least a little bit of replayability, not just for the achievements, but to make sure you hear the whole story due to way it is told through finding research and journals."
76561198050137963,Recommended,261530,19548904,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,polsch,"I played and finished the game on another machine a few months ago. Not for everyone, but definitely an experience I would highly recommend."
76561198213572145,Recommended,261530,20045254,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,josephruck,Lifeless planet is a good game. I appreciate a departure from run and shoot. Lifeless planet focus on environmentals and exploration. The story keeps you interested in the game. For the cost it's an easy buy.
,Recommended,261530,20219514,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,YoPacoWantSumTaco,A unique little game I'd wish I had played sooner.
,Recommended,261530,20216190,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mr.Mad,"This is a great game, period.  Hope there is a sequal to it."
,Recommended,261530,20050210,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Allende911,"This game is... fine? There's not much to it. It's mostly a W key simulator, as most of it is moving forward in roughly a straight line. There's technically some exploration, but it doesn't add anything to the game. There are quite a few jumping puzzles and a couple more complex ones, but nothing that is hard.One of the achievements is ""play for 10 hours."" I do not see how it could take anybody more than 4.A neat, if contrived, story. It's worth $5 or so. A decent way to kill 4 hours of your life."
76561198042564854,Recommended,261530,21508850,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,rgebby57,"Reminded me of Myst with a SciFi flavor, Stunning visuals and music. Short game so wait until it's on sale to feel like you've gotten your money's worth."
76561198006849221,Recommended,261530,21824944,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,Lonely and haunting. It's the Abyss but with less water! Way less.
76561198063572564,Not Recommended,261530,22210079,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NateCook,"Endless walking! About 90% of this game is walking, 5% jumping, and the rest involve simple puzzles and a tad bit of story.I must say, the environments were often stunning and immersive, but about two-thirds into the game I found myself just wanting it to be over already. I pushed through, but that last third felt brutally tedious. I thought the story was interesting, but ultimately didn't feel it had as much depth to it as I would have liked it to have had. I somewhat enjoyed it, just not quite enough; the reward did not quite meet or outweigh the effort. I'm kind of on the fence about recommending it, but if I had to choose, I'd lean towards not recommending it."
,Recommended,261530,22189992,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,*DM*Veck,"I loved everything about this game. The music, the character, the settings, gameplay, etc.. I like that it's one of those games where you're alone and have to figure out the story for yourself. It makes playing the game more worthwhile (for me, personally). I'd totally recommend this game to anyone who may have played Firewatch already. It's completely different in storyline, gameplay, and graphics, but I think the build up of the stories work the same way. By holding out on giving away information so easily, it kept me interested in finding out what was going on till the end of the game. (It's a quick game too, for anyone interested. It seems like the game will take a long while to finish, but I was able to complete it in 4 hours)."
,Recommended,261530,22190178,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,H8DZs,"While I personally did not enjoy this game that much, I am going to recommend it.  I feel that, for what this game is, the creators did an excellent job.  The scenary is pretty decent, the music is at times beautiful and the story is pretty well written.  However, the puzzles are far too easy, and the game is filled with parkour (the extend of the puzzles).  So many times it isn't challenging - simply frustrating.  But I know there are people who enjoy those types of games even if I don't, so I must recommend it on the merits of the game.  Also, there are times when a transition to a new part of the game throws you completely in to a new biome with no explanation of why.  This happens about 4 times where it fades to black, and comes back and you are in a completely different area with no idea on how you got there.  This was distracting - particularly one time when I wanted to check out a temple, but was sent to a different area with no warning.  It would be nice if you moved from area to area mre seamlessly.  ALso - none of the structures are explorable.  That was disappointing too.Watch all of the credits for the final cut scene.  It's worth the 2 minutes."
,Not Recommended,261530,21536381,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PoshPorcupine,"There is not much actual gameplay just some fairly simple puzzles.  The story is the real point of playing this game.  The story just barely kept me interested, when I finally made it to the end I was disappointed that there was so little depth to it.  I kept expecting there to be character development or something, but all of a sudden it was over.  I never cared about any of the characters, although there were very few.  I recommend passing on this and investing your gaming time elsewhere."
76561198002743255,Recommended,261530,21672392,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Johnny Mnemonic,"Quality sci-fi story, very immersive if you take on the role of the main character and try to uncover the mystery of the lifeless planet."
,Not Recommended,261530,21491236,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Wridel,"I finished the game purely because I wanted to know where the story was going, but the amount of time it took to get there was not worth the value. You spend enormous amounts of time just walking across completely drab landscapes of rock. Occasionally you find actual structures and signs of settlement, but with nothing connected to them. If you were to compress a walkthrough down to just the story bits, there's maybe 15-20 minutes worth of plot to this game.All story is told through notes and audio recordings, and to its credit the sparse amount of voice acting in the game was good (at least, the parts that were in english). I just wish there had been more of it.  You could fit the main character's dialog on to two sheets of paper.The visuals are drab and uninteresting, 80% of the time consisting of the same rock texture overlayed with a few greens and reds. Things did get more visually stimulating when you reach the volcano, but then its back to more boring rock. The character and building models feel straight out of the late 90s, and if it wasn't made in a modern game engine then I'd think they made this 15 years ago.The biggest flaw in the game is that most of the time the only clue you have about what direction you're supposed to trek in is a slight green tint to the ground texture, or a sheen on the terrain that's only visible when facing a certain direction.  When those indicators fail you basically navigate by spotting land forms that clearly are lined up in a linear direction. Level design was not only boring, but almost cliche with its uninspiring platforming challenges.All in all the entire game just feels really cheap and not very fleshed out."
,Recommended,261530,21529661,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr.Watermelon,One of the best games ive ever played.
,Recommended,261530,21503312,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Stryker,Cool game
,Recommended,261530,21507662,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fury_FX,i explored a lifeless planet
,Recommended,261530,21579259,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,cwg| Mouse,"This game is best described as a third-person platformer, with the jump distance and random steep angles being the biggest challenge. But beyond the dated graphics and simplistic gameplay is a refreshingly original story with some decent voice acting and good atmosphere. It's good short enough that it doesn't become grueling, so give it a shot if you want a quick narrative experience."
,Not Recommended,261530,21844963,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bolerro,"The game has an interesting concept, however the lack of real puzzles and things to do make it get a thumbs down.While the story is interesting, there is too much endless running to traverse a planet with minimal things to accomplish. Yeah, you can look for a few hidden items, but those are far and few between and by the time your halfway through, you will just be following the marked path just to get done with the game.I enjoy puzzle games and good stories, but adding a vast landscape just to chew up time isn't the way to bring the player into the story."
,Recommended,261530,21864727,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Snugglefist,"This game is not awful, but it's also not very remarkable. At its core Lifeless Planet is a low-budget, high-concept 3D platformer with some minor puzzles along the way. It's incredibly linear with little incentive to explore. The models, textures and animations do not impress.The story unfolds through some good enough voice acting and bits of text data found along the way and is INCREDIBLY FAMILIAR  (there is a portal opened to another planet and BAD THINGS HAPPEN). Also your wife got hurt or dead or something, but it doesn't really matter.Still, this game does provide some fun in the form of walking forward and double-jumping for a few hours. If that sounds fun to you then buy it on sale and enjoy."
76561198101983486,Recommended,261530,21952562,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,arisencrayon489,Great game. Good graphics and great story.
76561198089081830,Not Recommended,261530,14979092,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,hunt.topher,"Beautiful visuals, good story, and OK gameplay are ruined by horrible bugs and technical glitches. On Mac OSX, at least, there are enough cracks in the facade to constantly pull me out of the game environment and make me worry that I'm going to cause a problem by wandering off the beaten path. This is supposed to be a game about exploration, but in the end the bugs (and artificial barriers / invisible walls, which you constantly run into) strongly discourage exploration to the point where I gave up on searching for the ""bonus"" mineral deposits because I was too afraid of breaking something. And even when I try to ""get everything right"", some bugs in the event sequencing still showed up; I've given up on completing the game because one of the final puzzles appears to be broken (a required action somehow never got ""triggered"").With a story and atmosphere this beautiful, I really wish I could recommend Lifeless Planet. But a good game needs a positive player experience, and I found Lifeless Planet frustrating and disengaging more than anything."
,Not Recommended,261530,13509009,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,somnambulist,"I really wanted to enjoy Lifeless Planet. The concept, storyline, and graphics all pulled together to immediately catch my attention. But after actually playing through, all I could do was sit back and say ""... how about that.""The only way to make the game more linear would be to release it as an ebook. The game virtually plays itself, and leaves almost no room for exploration or decision-making. You either follow Path A or you die. While that at first sounds sensible given the whole ""marooned survival"" aspect of the game -- where your options are, by design, very limited -- it quickly becomes tiring.Run in a straight line from point A to point B. Find miraculous emergency supply of air. Watch cutscene C. Run to point D. Find miraculous emergency supply of air. Watch cutscene E. Run to point F. Search for hidden item G. Surprise - find miraculous emergency supply of air. Wash, rinse, repeat.The entire backstory about the Soviet space program feels like an afterthought. Which is unfortunate, because ... well, that's the entire plot of the game. The concept itself -- being marooned on a planet only to find you weren't the first human to set foot there -- is great and ripe with potential. But in this case, it wound up feeling like a hastily-written backstory to flesh out someone's desire to write what basically amounts to a first-person platformer on Mars.The graphics left a lot to be desired in terms of depth and creativity. This felt more like a 90s VR demo and less like a modern game.Long story short, I really, really wanted to enjoy this game. The story has tremendous potential and could easily have been expanded upon. But at the end of the day this felt like someone came up with a great idea, then slapped a mediocre platformer around it, and called it ""indie"" so people would excuse the subdstandard quality."
,Recommended,261530,13704482,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Flavio514,"Story is well made. Controls are bulky adding the feel of being the man in the suit, but it has too many bugs. I would recommend it if you enjoy walking for at least 3 hours while a small amount of puzzles. Overall great concept and ideas."
,Recommended,261530,13681153,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pery,"Awesome space game. Really feels like you're exploring a remote planet. Intriguing story. Maybe a bit short for some people, I don't often have a lot of time for playing so this length works for me :) Would love a sequel."
,Recommended,261530,13681602,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dfalken,"The game has a really interesting story that kept pulling me back despite the control issues that made puzzles and parkour far more difficult and frustrating that it should have been.  I enjoyed the experience and am glad I finished it, but the lack of clean, responsive control made the journey less than it could have been."
76561198056536756,Recommended,261530,13749698,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mundevel1,"A breath of fresh air, this one is! A short game, but it is fun. This is why kickstarter is a good idea.  Some people's ideas need funding.  Good Game!"
76561197987350007,Recommended,261530,13318855,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jonde,"Design and graphics are from early 2000s - however I really enjoyed the atmosphere (music did A LOT here) and the story of the game. Controls were very annoying at first when playing with keyboard, but you got used to it quite fast. There were some bugs in the game with saving, but got past those points by restarting the game.If you enjoyed Dear Eshter or The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, you will like this one too."
76561198132298668,Recommended,261530,13175182,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,TheLaughingPineapple,"This game is by far one of the best indie adventure games out there.. It is an amazing experience. The story is just fantastic! It is so unique, and just makes a real good game. At first i was confused and a bit uninterested when i first saw the town in the trailer/preview, i didnt understand until i played the game. When i found more and more clues as to what went on/was going on, i was so content on unraveling the rest of the amazing storyline and so much more. Overall, this was such a great game, that it deserves a 10/10."
76561198035289264,Recommended,261530,13221867,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,psytek,"Well above average for this genre (lonely, atmospheric mystery story you unfold a bit at a time).  Appropriate music, generally good mechanics/controls, just challenging enough at times to be interesting.  Intriguing, cerebral story.[WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILER and STORY INTERPRETATION]I have to wonder if this astronaut actually lives this experience, or is hallucinating from oxygen deprivation and confusing the ""two women"" . . ."
76561198087955767,Recommended,261530,13706987,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kerberos,"*No spoilers*First of all, I absolutely loved the game, but I would suggest only buying it on sale. I bought it at around $10, so 50% off, and I'd say that's the maximum it's worth. For it to cost more it would need at least better graphics or other improvements.Pros:-Great story-OK graphics-Atmosphere of the game is set up perfectly-Short, the story line would have dragged on otherwiseCons:-At times it can seem like endless walking, but mostly it was broken up enough that it wasn't mind-numbing-Puzzles weren't very difficult and were sometimes repetitive-EasyPros Explained:This sci fi story was superb. It's open-ended enough to let you form your own opinions but it still leaves you satisfied. The graphics aren't the most beautiful. The landscapes are stunning even if they aren't perfect, but you can definitely see the limitations when it comes to people. But what can you expect from an indie game made mostly by one person? I loved the feeling of the game. The barren landscape really made me feel like I was all alone on the planet; it added to the story as it made me feel apart of it. I read complaints about the length of the game, but with this type of game I think it would become tiresome if it were longer.Cons Explained:At some points the walking would become annoying and I would stop playing. I had to be in the mood to play this game as it is on the slow side. I mostly played in spurts because I would get bored and tired of the walking if I played for too long. There are puzzles scattered throughout the game and are pretty entertaining the first time you do the type of puzzle, but every new type of puzzle introduced is used at least 2 or 3 more times and are virtually the same, maybe a pattern is changed. This got irksome at points but was mostly easy to overlook. The game does pretty much hold your hand when you are exploring, but it is almost necessary as otherwise you would be wandering for hours to finish the first few levels. The paths you follow are clearly laid out but there is still an element of adventure despite this.Overall:The game is fantastic and I loved every minute of it. The setbacks are mostly easy to ignore. The game seems to be exactly what the creator, David Board, wanted it to be: ""something different from what you usually get from the big studios and publishers"" (from the lifeless planet website). I highly recommend the game to anyone looking for a relaxing yet charming game."
,Recommended,261530,13707909,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cerif27,If you like exploration games with cryptic stories.  This is the game for you.  Bite sized too.  Good stuff.  Recommended.
76561198091467820,Recommended,261530,13708172,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Solumn Trade,"It's honest. It is indeed a walking simulator...but at least you have failure state (99.9% of the time being a gravity-induced face-plant). But that's not to say this game isn't worth your time, even if you've watched a let's play. In fact, there is an acheivement for a zero-death first time walkthrough, which unfortunately means you almost certainly MUST watch a let's play to even stand a chance. I myself never died due to the primary 'adversaries' (no spoilers, I just decided not to touch anything I didn't have to), but boy did gravity decide to rear its ugly head again, and was the bane of my existance.It's little bit unfair of an acheivement, but at least it's one of those achievements where if you see someone has 100% achievements completed in every game they've ever played, and that zero-death first-runthrough achievement is among them, you can safely say they modded.It has a pretty good story, and that's pretty much it. There are puzzle and plateforming elements, but never anything that will end your playthrough. What it is really is an interactive movie, basically. But there is good news, which might sell you on it: There is absolutely no quick time events (QTEs). However, the game story dictates when or when not to use a jet pack, and when you do or don't need oxygen.  There are no meters, and you cannot refill when you want to. In the case of the oxygen, you don't ever need to refill unless the game finds it necessary for the plot.I don't think the majority of people would actually find this game boring...especially when there is an achievement to encounter every morbid death in the game. I haven't tried that yet, but I think I will now that I've completed the game not touching anything. Now I'll touch everything...that poor astronaut...All and all, I suppose you can some up the game with this phrase, when you reach the end: ""Well, this is going to be one heck of a debriefing..."""
,Not Recommended,261530,12406605,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Run4TheHills321,"The game is alright I guess. Kinda interesting (although easy) platforming, prety scenery, great concept... it just fell through in the story aspect in my opinion. I felt the game was trying to feel like it was a huge, lonely, massive expanse (which would have been GREAT) but then it just gets linear. The story could have been much better, I was hoping for a haunting story that would make me want to press on to find out what happened.. but I instead found myself grinding to progress, more interested in just moving on than finding out information. I stopped in the middle of my playthrough (only 3 hours... I game for much longer than that normally) because I got tired of all the mindless travling.Has great promise, but if you are hoping for something on par with games like Gone Home, this isn't your cup of tea."
76561198027784494,Recommended,261530,12407112,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lree,"It only took me a single day to play this game start to finish, but I was completely hooked and it left me wanting more. I was sad to see the credits rolling. I pouted, I admit it."
76561197970562019,Not Recommended,261530,12409268,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,plasmatech,"This game was tedious from about 1 hour in.just a repetive single path dull platform game really.If it's ever like $1.99 on sale perhaps give it a try, otherwise, meh."
,Recommended,261530,12411649,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,shapes345,"more fun than i expected, and the enviroments are absolutely stunning"
76561198014431520,Recommended,261530,12412628,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Siluroo,"Pleasant simple puzzle game, I picked up on sale for about 8 dollars, played it through in 7 hours or so, story had me guessing right through, I enjoyed it, not sure if i would pay full price for it though"
76561198031973707,Recommended,261530,12413084,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Eleazaros,"Interesting story - this is the best reason to play I can think of.I'd recommend it if someone is into platforming play - jump from platform to platform.  Timing of taps starts easy enough and builds up a bit as you progress.  Otherwise the play isn't that interesting.There's no save point just before you do a set so if it's a death drop - you'll end up running back to the spot, at times via a set of jumps... To then try it again...  That can be rather frustrating.It's not an overly complex game to play but you really do need to be into the platforming style to enjoy the actual play - otherwise it's for the story but that is very nicely done."
76561198009248526,Recommended,261530,12414806,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,broodkiller,"The main things to like about this game are it's atmosphere and music. It's more of a walk-in-a-park kind of game, so the gameplay mechainics itself might seem poor to some people, but it does not get into the way of enjoying this very nice piece."
76561198060906498,Recommended,261530,12416568,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Pagliacci the Clown,"Jetpack simulator 2014. In Lifeless planet, play as Buzz Lightyear on a quest to restore the planet... sorta.It mostly functions as a wide ranged 3D platformer. Easy (but not terrible) puzzles.With all due respect, this game is very good. The atmosphere is well made. However, I wouldnt call the game as a whole a $20 game, im glad i got it on a sale for $8. The story is what I most wanted out of it given the premese of life on a lifeless planet. In a way it delivered, i liked it. I wont tell the developers how to do their job, but i felt like it could use more detail on the story. Everything happens sorta quickely and sometimes seems odd. Other than that, really liked this game, but its really short for what you pay for. It also seems odd to have an acheivment wanting you to finish the game in under 4 hours. Thats sort of a bad sign for how long the game is... and also having achievments for dying certain ways and another one for not dying. I guess im just nitpicking though. The game is good. Id just prefer people wait untill its on sale rather than feel ripped off."
76561197989609619,Recommended,261530,23048256,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Watchtowerr,"To be honest I wasn't expecting much out of the game at first, but I'm glad I went back to play it! Though there is lots of running and jumping to dodge danger it was still a great game! I wasn't expecting the story for the enviroments. The music was just beautiful I wished there were more of it in the actual game."
76561198048260534,Recommended,261530,23296687,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Itämeren Bali,"Lifeless Planet is short, fun and mysterious game with good and simple gameplay mechanics. The game combines elements of adventuring and horror with themes like history and human's relation to nature. I really liked the game because of its way of telling a great and mysterious story and its great atmosphere. A solid indie title if you enjoy a good story and mysteries with a few puzzles on the way."
76561198274434398,Recommended,261530,23253283,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,alicebaleine,Really good immersive sci-fi game. Very engaging with an interesting storyline. You won't regret spending time in space.
76561198273236537,Recommended,261530,23257656,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Chris A,Enjoying this a lot highly-rated
,Recommended,261530,23229711,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,tjb910,"This game went well and truly above my expectations.  Atmospheric, great storyline; everything you want in a game.  The puzzles and mazes were a reasonable challenge without being frustrating.  What I liked most about them is that they didn't get in the way of progressing through the game.  Mind you, even if the game had been a simple walk through an alien domain it would have been visually appealing.What amazed me about this game is how much a simple spacesuited character can mean to you.  You learnt as much about him as the planet around him as you progress through the game.  In that sense, the immersive quality of the game was almost total.  The soundtrack is breathtaking and the visual style of the game keeps you engaged long after you've exited.I could go into detail about my likes and dislikes, but that would mean spoilers so I won't.  Suffice to say that the game is a welcome breath of fresh air (no pun intended) of originality in a market that seems dominated by zombie shooters.  This won't appeal to everyone of course but for people like me who enjoy the exploration element of gaming, this was very well done."
76561198025437945,Recommended,261530,23357131,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Brickman409,"I feel like this game tries to do alot but just falls flat. The game really has ambition to it. The enviroments have an incredible sense of scale to them. Despite the last gen looking graphics, the game can be visually stunning at times. The platforming and puzzling is interesting but gets really repetitive.Honestly, I felt that the biggest problem was that it was just a bit too long. Even though it was shorter than most games(I beat it in less than 5 hours), it just felt longer than it needed to be. I think some parts of it should have been trimmed down a bit, and alot of it felt like it moved way too slow. Or at the very least there should have been more variety to the puzzles to keep it interesting.The story was interesting(some spoilers here), but I think the ending just fell flat for me. The game felt like it was leading up to something huge, but once it gets to the end it felt anti-climactic. There was a lot of things that were left unexplained. And some aspects of the story felt pointless. Like the dialogue about the main character's wife, it had nothing to do with what was going on in the story, other than give a back story to the astronaut. I expect that maybe the girl on the planet might have something to do with his wife, maybe she was his wife turned into an alien or something. Idk, I just didn't like the ending.Overall, this is a decent game. I don't think the game was awful, it was very interesting, and the gameplay was good before it got repetitive. I wish there was an option to put this review somwhere inbetween a yes or no recomondation. I'd suggest getting it if its on sale. So, yes I suggest getting this game, it has it quirks, but I think overall it was a satisfying experience."
,Not Recommended,261530,23975025,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,archlinuxrussian,"As a few others have said, I wish there were a ""maybe"" button for this game. It was really nice-looking, but just full of a lot of empty space. Sure, I can buy that a lifeless planet would be largely empty, but it just felt too spaced out. Also, the few cutscenes there were were a bit short and not too elaborative on the story.TL;DR: Really interesting premise and story, would be better a bit more fleshed out and condensed geographically :)"
,Recommended,261530,30464604,Posted: 11 March,all,Denial Reaper,"This game its awesome, idk how i didnt see it in the store before, i got so enrolled on this game that even finished it in one day , with no rest :D, i loved it :D, nice work"
76561198036161908,Recommended,261530,12649904,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,evanccc,"Loved every minute.I’ve been looking for a game that would let me get away and explore a beautiful, dramatic, natural place. I’m not big on fantasy worlds. Reimagining culture, dress, language, race, etc. for some reason is not exciting. I like it when things go beyond known reality, but are descendent from it.Lifeless Planet met everything.The place is gorgeous with large, open expanses beautifully rendered. You can walk around and explore. There are just enough clues to give you an idea of the direction you need to move in, but where you go and in what order is your choice. You’re in there all alone.It combines many elements of known reality or not-too-distant reality into a surreal experience. Like great classic science fiction."
76561198013865579,Not Recommended,261530,12660174,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,nilen435,"I really like this type of game. Atmospheric heavy game with cool environment. But with this, I never got into it. A lot I think depends on the music with was absent for most of the game."
76561198143799246,Recommended,261530,11587927,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,kiff.stevenson,"I really want to like this game, and mostly I do. However, it does have its frustrating moments. The concept, the ambience, and the storyline are all very cool, but the basic structure of the game (third-person platforming), the control mechanics (especially in certain tight corners), and the lighting consipire to produce an infuriating experience at times.A fun and beautiful game, but not one to choose if after-work catharsis is what you need."
,Recommended,261530,11602321,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,gettin' fresh down there,"First off, I'd like to say this game is great. But, I personally don't think it's 20 bucks, sure I shouldn't be complaining since I got it for $10 but, I was only willing to pay 10. This isn't a $20 dollar experience.I love the games narrative, the voice acting is great. The game would have been a slightly better experience if the animations weren't so jerky and trying to move objects is awkward as hell. I love the contrast of the environments, but the textures are... badly rendered for some landscape to say the least. What drove me in was the audio and voice acting. The puzzles weren't hard, but I felt inclined to keep going because I wanted to see where the story turned. I'm not going to spoil anything but i'll say it's interesting to say the least. I still haven't finished the game, but I already love it, it's hard to jump into, but gets you sucked in. This is game is great, but make sure you get it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,261530,11603205,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,chibeamken288,"Short, fairly easy game. only a few tricky parts but overall enjoyable. Only buy if on sale for cheap"
76561198008958406,Recommended,261530,11605624,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,ACID,"Amazing game,however it does have some slight issues;for instance cinematics do not quite explain how the story line is moving on and sometimes saves do not save at the exact point at which it was made.Other than that,the game is great and I'd really reccomend it for gamers who like to explore and find big game maps entertaining."
76561198119593050,Recommended,261530,11606813,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,antrahk36,"Not a bad game at all, it manages to create an eerie atmosphere which always keeps you hooked to see what is around the next corner. There are ominous clues to puzzle over as you explore the planet, and while there is little in the way of action, the game has various hazards and obstacles to overcome throughout your adventure. The limited time on your oxygen levels add a sense of urgency to stay alive and does a good job of providing a challenge. Definitely worth picking up during a sale for all those who like adventure/sci-fi games."
76561198053313753,Not Recommended,261530,11607184,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Elmooo,"I'm a bit miffed to be honest. I've been watching this game for quite some time, but I was in doubt if it would deliver. Today I picked it up at half price, and as I also finished it today, I think even that was a bit too much.I was expecting a heavy story driven, atmospheric game, what I got was a platformer. It starts of nicely, but as the story unravels it (sadly) does not get better. The graphics are a bit basic as well, which does not help for the atmosphere. Any game that has a graphic setting called ""Fantastic"" better blast off the screen. Movement works most of the time though it is too bad you are only allowed to use your jumpjets when the leveldesign asks for it. The same can be said for the robotic arm (I assume dit would be possible to sample stuff or the like).I'll keep it short, just like the game. In my opinion there should have been more story and less jumpy...Signing off,Elmo, the grumpy lootmaster"
,Recommended,261530,11608143,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Cotton Eye Joe,Much walk. Such space. So woman. Wow.
,Not Recommended,261530,11591989,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Bot4,"This game has made me rage harder than any other. Clunky controls with♥♥♥♥♥♥accuracy do not combine well with platformers. Reached a point in the game where I literally cannot progress any further. An elevator went up, but will not come back down again and the call button is broken. Have been stuck at the bottom for hours now. Frustration isn't what makes games exciting. This is a bad game."
,Not Recommended,261530,11686525,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Cheese Weasel,"A lot of the collectables are documents that you have to read. Some do have a voice over, BUT IT'S IN RUSSIAN. Grab it on sale. 5/10"
76561197994954270,Recommended,261530,11558885,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,DeltaExTwo,"Having finished the game, here are my pros and cons;The Good:-Visuals, the game looks really pretty and I love how well the Unity engine is utilized here.-Sound. This includes music, which, by the way, was fantastic. The world is filled with fitting sounds from ambient noices to rocks crumbling. The voice acting is also really well done, I love how It's actual Russian dialogue instead of English with forced Russian accent.-Story. Few plot holes aside, I did enjoy the story, and didn't find it too hard to keep up with what was happening around me. A few things were left seemingly unanswered, but we can always guess.-Lenght. Took me about 4 hours, which felt alot longer. I think the game has a very optimal lenght to it, you feel like you've seen alot but not too much or too little.The Bad:-The save system, which didn't even save the first time I exited the game and I had to start over. I wasn't far though, and it didn't happen again.-Controls. I get that I'm playing as an astronaut, and that movement shouldn't be like a walk in the park, but considering this, it was still a bit off. In the end this just resulted in jumps too long or too short, but i never found myself incredibly frustrated. Also when using a gamepad, the sensitivity for turning the camera is god awful, and couldn't be changed, so it was just easier to use keyboard and mouse.-The puzzles. Nothing complex, or even challenging. Lots of puzzles are just copy pasted, or are painfully obvious the moment you see them, with a few exceptions towards the end.-There's no real character development happening, which irritated me. Some of the side plot seems to be thrown in there 'just because', and doesn't really add up to anything. Also the astronaut we're playing as: first he's confused, then he's more confused, and suddenly he's cracking jokes about his situation? Seemed kind of odd.So in the end I do recommend giving this game a go, if you have the money and time to spare. I do however, advice to buy when it's on sale(like now as I'm writing this), especially if you feel that the price is a bit too high for a game like this. Use your best judgement."
,Recommended,261530,11560918,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dave_Eagles,"Whilst I have not yet finished the game I feel I have played enough to write a review, or short review of my experience thus far. The game gets a lot of praise from me for the gameplay, style, and the atmosphere it creates that so many AAA titles fail to produce. The gameplay is simple and most people could pick up and play this without any trouble at all. The style of the game is what helps to provide the atmosphere and whilst not as graphically pretty as I had hoped it still helps contribute to the atmosphere it is trying to produce- which it pulls off with perfection.That said whilst I have many positive things to say, I also have a few negative points and warnings. The game's story is good and intriguing, but requires a lot of reading to get the full experience from what I have played. Being someone who likes reading everything from start to finish in a game like this, I'm quite happy doing so but I know many people would not. Like I said in the paragraph above I feel the game could and should have been a lot prettier. Another problem which I encountered was that the esc menu would not allow me to select things using my mouse and instead I needed to opt to use my keyboard which was quite frustrating when I’m so used to selecting options with a mouse. The game leaves you trying to figure out what to do and where to go. This perhaps may have been better if I had a compass, as at one time you were asked to go south. Without knowing where south was I was left looking around for several minutes and found myself starting to lose interest. When I first started the game I found myself die within minutes looking for oxygen not knowing where to go or what to do. Being so used to objective points in other games left me confused but you quickly pick up what to do, where to go and the game is a lot more linear that it appears.I would call this game a space puzzler. At times figuring out what to do or where to go is tricky but greatly satisfying when you figure it out, and at the same time frustrating when you can't but it compels you to move forward and I'm looking forward to finishing this game off in the future. This review may change in the future and I will update it with other positive and negative points I encounter."
,Recommended,261530,11759252,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SeanPerryman,"I absolutely love the premise of this game; you are sent as the 'first' explorer to a new planet, and someone has beaten you to it! You can tell from the screenshots that this is going to be an intense ride, and it doesn't disappoint! It does seem like Mars is inhabited with things that we would normally view as ghosts back on earth, and there are plenty of jump scares to go along with it. Really just an overall great experience, though I do feel like it was a little short in an environment I was absolutely in love with. Could go forever here. 9/10."
,Recommended,261530,11749289,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,rephlex,"Sooo, I didn't think I'd like it. I dug it though."
76561197996295931,Recommended,261530,11749653,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,lasgalletas,"Simply stunning.Great visuals, nice plot, spellbinding views - Lifeless Planet delivers everything in very sophisticated way. Puzzles don't crush brain, scenario pleases with its logical approach. Very good game, really recommend to play."
76561197963599351,Recommended,261530,11741892,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Deckard,"Captivating journey, great music an atmosphere! cons: no real gameplay and short. I enjoyed this a lot as interactive sci-fi story, great indie game, very much recommended!"
,Not Recommended,261530,11747255,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Meh >-(..)-<,"This is not a game, this is a brain cancer. 3/10 (I have seen worse).Your typical mission will be to walk 5 kilometers, occasionally jumping on rocks, to press a button and watch miserable cutscene. Gameplay and level design are low-budget raw-quality 90's-ish shameful trash. Visuals sometimes are ok (enough to look appealing on trailers), but mostly screaming ""typical Unity's garbage-encrusted heightmap"".It could be decent, if it was 30 minutes instead of 5 hours, and 8-10 times cheaper. It feels like they wasted at least half of budget on voice actors and engine licensing."
,Recommended,261530,11594577,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Misfortune,"Lifeless planet is a somewhat linear exploration platformer game that focuses mainly on story and atmosphere. You play as an astronaut that took a long journey through space to a reach a planet that could be colonized by the human race. You, and the rest of your crew crash land on what was supposed to be a lush green planet with breathable oxygen. Instead, you arrive at a vast and lifeless wasteland. There is evidence that someone has been here before you (spooky..). The environments are big, and there are a lot of logs that are written by your character, and that you pick up as you progress through the game to further the story. The sound is quite good and really helps set the mood. The platforming bits are a little too easy, but get more fun when you activate the extended jetpack. Some very minor puzzles too. It took me around 3 hours to finish the game at a casual space. Not that high replayability, unless you want to find all of the secrets, and every log. It was quite alright. I would strongly suggest waiting for a sale if this game seems interesting to you, before purchasing it."
,Recommended,261530,11574487,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Miyabi,Wow.A good game. I wasn't expecting much.Very pleasantly surprised.Recommend.
76561198030115829,Not Recommended,261530,11578620,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Robo_Wizard,"This game requires a good bit of patience. The story takes forever to develop, and is interspersed between increasingly irritating platforming puzzles. Maybe I'm just bad at platformers.Here's a tip: when you get to the big portal later in the game, grab one of those green balls to the left of where you'll find the jetpack fuel BEFORE you ascend to the top of the portal. The platform doesn't go all the way back down.Buy it when it's on sale. Don't pay full price."
76561198059434820,Recommended,261530,11620852,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Palico HinDae,"An incredibly simple game backed up by amazing storytelling and great atmosphere.Its essentially an exploration platformer, with most of the puzzling being jumps and manuevering, but everything is done nice and simple, its not a game for action loving types, its for the story.Theres even some feels in there, by the end of it I felt accomplished in what I'd achieved, I cared about the characters and what we'd done, which is rare in bigger budget games.I give it an 8/10 solely because if youre bored easily the game might deter you, but for story lovers its worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,261530,11623307,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,squints,"[Potential Spoiler Warning]Lifeless Planet is a puzzle-platformer where you're an astronaut travelling to another world 20 lightyears into the future, but, twist, the USSR beat us there in 1979 because plot and, twist, they ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed everything up.The good:The controls were fluid and responsive, or at least for me. I also have an appreciation for exploration and puzzle games, but...The ugly:Meh.That's the best way I can sum up this game. Just... meh.Voice acting? Meh.Graphics/Art? Meh.Gameplay? Meh.Music? Meh.Plot? Meh.Meh? Meh.It seems like the project tacked on too much. Like... okay, great example- the plot. I understand it's suppsed to be plot-heavy, right? But, there's the astronaut, and the russians, and the ancients, and the dead wife, and the plant chick, and it's just a complete mess. The game's 4-6 hours long, and the plot's trying to go fourty different ways. By the time I hit the end, they're hinting at this twist with the dead wife, and I know I'm supposed to feel something, but I just... *sigh* I just don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥The gameplay itself seems like it doesn't know what it wants to do. Open-world exploration, without being open and nothing to explore; puzzler, with only one actual puzzle that I remember; a platformer that's unchallenging and monotonous.The gameplay is repetitive and dull, the scenery gets old after an hour of seeing just desert and rocks, there's four soundtracks and only one of them is decent, and the entire time, there's this hide-and-go-seek challenge to find minerals scattered around the world.That's right. You're supposed to find hidden minerals amongst the barren, rock-filled landscape.LIFELESS PLANET: WE GOT ROCKS. LIKE ROCKS? FIND SOME ROCKS. GET ACHEIVEMENTS WITH ROCKS. ROCKS WITH ROCKS ON ROCKS. ROCK SIMULATION 2014. 10/10 GAME OF THE YEAR, ALL YEARS.The game's trying to be this grandoise art piece, but it's not really focusing on anything. And yet...The ugly:It's still charging my credit card like it's some grandoise art piece. This game is not worth $20. I complained about AntiChamber being $20, and that is a fantastic puzzle-platformer. This? I /might/ pay $5 for it, if I was drunk.Final words:This game was so close to being something worthwhile, but a lack of focus and a short gameplay meant that this became a bland, uninteresting mess. It's not awful per se, but just the sheer medicocrity of it is almost insulting considering I paid $20 for it.Final score: 4.5/10Cost: $19.99 USD"
,Recommended,261530,11609933,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,wildbill75,"I wish this game was made in to a film , not to be over done crap that hollywood would make , it has a great story , great music and the landscape is good. yes the puzzies are abit easy , more detail would be nice to top it off. took me 5 hours to complete first time and i would play it again , I do hope that there maybe a lifeless plant 2 ...90/100"
76561198042901162,Recommended,261530,11613745,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Ironspoon,"I would recommend this game, but only if it was on sale, definately is not worth it at full price. The atmosphere of the game was great, I really got sucked in and caught myself asking questions about what was going to happen next. What makes this game not worth the full price was simple things like jerky character movement, frame rate drops in larger areas, and poorly disigned mechanics. Overall the game feels like it did not really get finished and was rushed at some point to get done and start making sales."
76561198061155444,Recommended,261530,11624300,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,prodogy,very fun and interesting
,Recommended,261530,11628783,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,klr_bee,I had FUN with this one good story controls work well for a platformer. Not real hard but there where some places that made you think and come up wiyh new ways to get to where you want. Looks good and the story always pulled me forward into the game. It takes about the right amont of time to play.
,Recommended,261530,11669040,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Zakki Arachnopolis,"More of an interactive story than a game, Lifeless Planet clearly shows its influences. Truly alien life, first world versus second world, and a series of plot twists that makes your head spin. The jumping parts could be a bit annoying, but otherwise it's an enjoyable purchase that I do not regret."
76561198057799287,Recommended,261530,11671766,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Reuben,this game is pretty awesome if you like to explore
76561197960504445,Recommended,261530,11646128,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,BravoBeard,"This is a fantastic game for fans of sci-fi.  If you like movies like Mission to Mars, or Red Planet, you should try this game.  I wouldn't say the game was challenging, and I found that to be a plus.  I rarely found myself frustrated with this game.  It was a strange combination of peaceful and melancholy if that's possible.  I would describe it as walking through a great science fiction short story.  I enjoyed the visuals of the game.  Though the game clearly needs you to go certain directions to progress, the boundaries are subtle and don't make you feel confined.  Between the various planet landscapes and the grand structures, my curiousity to continue the game was often piqued.  I also really enjoyed the music but I'm at a loss to describe it; Perhaps ambient to movie preview.  To the game creator and everyone who worked on it, Thank You for the experience."
76561197972534007,Not Recommended,261530,11648041,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,J-Plays,"Man, I really wanted to like this game so bad.  I was hoping for a Two Brothers or Journey style mimalistic story with emotion and discovery.  An engrossing mystery and story to unravel, that sort of thing.  This was not to be.  The basics of this story are this:  Astronaut travels 20 light years to crash on a planet, only to discover that there are already signs of human habitation.  That's what hooked me into buying it.  Alas, instead of unraveling a mystery, the game flat out tells you in the first half hour how it happened.  You spend the next four-ish hour walking, walking some more, jumping, walking, double jumping every now and again, and then much more walking.  You follow this mystery girl who is not really a mystery at all who leaves a green trail where ever she goes, just follow the green to the end of the game.  I really liked the music, it was moody and added a lot to the atmosphere.  The different areas of the game were interesting if a little sparse, and the game is not optomized well.  There were several places my frame rate dipped to very low levels, even on my HD7950.  If there was a deeper meaning that the developers where trying to convey, it totally went over my head, and by the end, I just wanted to to be over, never a good sign for any game."
76561198048480684,Recommended,261530,11570240,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kestrel,"The visual-audial experience is absolutely incredible; done to perfection. The plot is well thought-out and unique but was a little dissapointing that it was pretty much only told through dialogue boxes. That makes sense, however, do to the setting of it being an abandoned planet but can still take away from the immersion at times. The gameplay is not great, the platforming can be really wonky at times but it never gets frustrating. There are a few puzzles here and there that aren't hard at all and are most likely just there to serve as world-building structures.Pros:-Atmosphere- (the different parts of the planet that you explore are all crafted to perfection, really making you feel like you're in a believable world. Exploration is optional but is something that you can still do. Every structure that you see gives such a great eery, sci-fi vibe)-Plot- (it's a unique plot, and without giving anything away, it's definitely not what you'd be expecting yet still tells a classic sci-fi story)-Visuals- (While the graphics may not be uber-realistic or anything, the use of colors and shadows really add to the atmosphere, and really anywhere you look could be a good desktop wallpaper)-Soundtrack- (It's a wonderful soundtrack that compliments that experience superbly, I'd reccomend you check it out:http://richdouglasmusic.bandcamp.com/album/lifeless-planet-ost)Cons:-Gameplay- (the platforming is clunky and floaty, giving you no precision in your jumps. It takes a while to get use to it and even then you can easily get lost. Puzzles are only there to look cool... which is ok, I guess. I did encounter a bug but it was my own fault and was easily fixed with a restart)-Text Boxes- (most of the story is built through documents that you find laying around, scattered conviently all over. They give off a bright glow that can really through the immersion off and it brings up a UI everytime where you can read it. It's completely optional, but you need it for the complete story and it can still be annoying if you choose to ignore them)"
76561198006683605,Recommended,261530,11582318,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Zaphod Beeblebrox,"""Short and simple but  sweet""This is an interesting game which I enjoyed but I am not sure it's worth $20. I finished it in 5 hours and that's with struggling through some ""jump around"" puzzles. It has a great story and atmosphere although the environments can seem too similar even when they try to be different. (different colored cliffs can only go so far). I would say the ""beauty level"" is average at best by today's standards although the story makes you forgive that and I am someone that looks at content first and graphics later.I definitely think the story is the best part of the game and the atmosphere can be haunting at times. If you're not short on money I definitely recommend the experience."
,Recommended,261530,11583284,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Salt The Fries,"This may seem like a scything review, but bear in mind that it is overall positive.Lifeless Planet is like a rather gripping story book made game, in a very engaging way.  I enjoyed the story quite well, visual clues and backstory presented in a way that ""keeps you turning pages"", as it were.  In the end, you feel you have little to no control over the events taking place, which fits into the storybook motif.There are a few minor puzzles, but they make no sense whatsoever in the context of the story, or the puzzles themselves.   The achievements are poorly designed, with one achievement going only to cheaters.  That achievement is to ""Beat the game without dying on your first playthrough"".  That, can only be achieved through dumb luck or reading ahead which totally breaks the exploration of the story.   To give an idea, one of the other achievements was to get killed without knowing what killed you.  (Which actually happens a lot.  There's invisible death-walls that are there to say ""No, you can't go that way."")Lastly, if you're used to playing with a joystick, then the controls will make perfect sense.  The Keyboard controls are a bit nausiating and inconsistent.  A Joystick pretty much is the only way to play this one.All this negativity aside, the game was quite enjoyable.  But does leave me with one unanswered question - ""Why have I been carrying this rock for the last 3 chapters?"""
76561197971386609,Recommended,261530,11704311,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,toz,"Very beautiful game with an interesting, ambitious story. Very lovingly staged. Worth each cent!"
,Recommended,261530,11708599,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,TTPowell,"Just finished the game. Very good stuff. We need more games like this. No hand holding no direction except the woman. Almost an open world game with one direction to go. Only tells you what buttons to use to do the actions. Again, very good game and hope to see more like this one. 9/10 because of the elevator that I went to the forum to find the fix."
,Recommended,261530,11736000,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,benthegreater,"Okay, just to get it out of the way, yes, this game is flawed. What game isn't, right? It's a platformer at it's roots, and the controls just aren't dialed-in enough for that. There's a lot of landscape to explore, and nothing much to discover in it. The areas that are dark are so incredibly dark and muddled that it's close to impossible to navigate unless you simply use logic to guess where you should be blindly jumping off into (once you get to a certain firey stage, you'll know what I'm talking about). The visuals and animation mostly seem like a game from over a decade ago (minus the shadows). It has flaws.However, I absolutely loved it. The visuals though dated, lent to the overall feel of the piece being an homage--intentionally or not--to the kind of psychological sci-fi fiction from the 70s-80s I dearly love (the original Solaris, anybody?). It starts off feeling like somethings slightly amiss, then things get very grand very gradually. And it's the kind of subtle story you ""feel"" more than you actually understand in detail. All of this I love. The gameplay is also not the worst around. It's mechanically very straight forward, and once you get the knack for jumping and boosting, you'll be blazing through like a natural. The puzzle solving is spare, but enough to keep this from being simply an interactive visual novel.Granted, my tastes aren't everybody's, but I greatly enjoyed it. It resonated with me in it's simplicity, yet implied depth.Bravo, Stage 2!"
76561198015299627,Recommended,261530,12548558,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,akkis3,Lifeless planet is first of all a journey. The journey comes with many beautiful sights and small puzzles. The game lacks challenges in my opinion because I felt like I was just running trough them without even thinking.But along the journey you get some amazing music that makes you wanna go further.All in all an okay game.
76561197972499865,Recommended,261530,12564994,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Different.
76561198025120297,Recommended,261530,12425426,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,hlorange,Absolutely brilliant. Enjoyed every minute.
76561198106868436,Recommended,261530,12428913,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MrDope,I like this game its really cool especially if your in to games where you just walk around exploring things and finding all the hidden plants and artifects and that there is no time limit to it unless your running out of oxygen
76561197962291071,Recommended,261530,12428494,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,WhatTheShep,"This isn't so much a game as it is an interactive storybook that you follow along with.  It's a lot of fun to get lost in for a few hours, especially if you enjoy sci-fi.  There is not much gameplay here, but the simple platforming and jumping I found to be decent and I liked that the game lets you go at your own pace.  Price is a little steep, and the story itself isn't really fleshed out to the extent I was expecting it to be, so throw it on your wish list and buy it on sale."
,Recommended,261530,12433629,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,EnZedBob,Nice game
76561197973189590,Not Recommended,261530,12434705,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,3.141592,"Interesting story with a lot of bugs, some of witch corrupts your saves and makes you painfuly repeat earlier parts of the game."
76561198051502087,Recommended,261530,12471807,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DC,"Amazingly immersive. Kinda creepy, and satisfying to play. Has that old ""Myst"" feel, but with a space sci-fi twist."
76561198035086682,Recommended,261530,12472098,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,SLEVIN VII,"This game was amazing! I mean the storyline was there, the graphic quality was there, and the gameplay was just fantastic!"
76561197966113620,Recommended,261530,12475947,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Speed Boat Perry,"Best Idie game i have played. Value for money.The game is really well made. The music really compliments the enviroment aswell, kind of reminds me of ""Book of Eli"". Has a kind of eerie feel to it.Good story line. Makes you want to see the game through. Even though the actions are repeditive, it does not feel that way. Really enjoyed it."
76561197972234665,Recommended,261530,11652228,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Flori der Fux,"Lifeless planet is a pretty unique game, and be warned, one that many will probalby dislike, one that many will find utterly boring. The Steam tags for this game are ""Adventure"" and ""Action"", well truth said, it's neither an adventure game, and especially it ain't no action game. I'd rather tag it ""exploration game"". Lifeless planet is made for Sci-Fi fans who enjoy exploring an alien world. Folks that spend hours watching the web cam of that Mars Robot will prolly enjoy Lifeless Planet. It's not so much about what you can do --as there is actually little that you can do--, but it's about wanting to find out what'd behind the next corner. It's about wanting to find out the secret of this planet, and that's it. The game has charme, no doubt. But don't expect too much. The game is not overly long, it has close to zero Adventure elements, no inventory, almost no items, your tasks are limited to ridiculously easy mechanical riddles and jump sequences (which could be called ""the action part"") and that's it. If you are of the curious type who just wants to explore this beautiful and mysterious planet, and if you don't mind the lack of ""action"", this game is for you. And I sure enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,261530,11653009,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,FuzzyBonce,"Yes, it's linear and the puzzles are simplistic, but it has a unique atmosphere and I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent with this story."
,Recommended,261530,11653917,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Nilsog,"Very cool game. I paid $10 for it and got way more entertainment out of it than I thougt I would. There are a few challenging puzzles. The backstory is awesome, explained through finding recordings and documents. Highly recommended."
76561198107338852,Recommended,261530,11665826,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,mr_monkey,Super game.. got completely  immersed. great story.
,Recommended,261530,12187088,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mirrormask,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB8qagJ1xC8
76561198083079093,Recommended,261530,12253552,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crunchosaurus Rex,Really fun game
76561197974105367,Recommended,261530,11569302,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,METAL,"this game is clearly not for eveyone. it is slow and has no action. is just a story, character driven game wtih lots of exploration.i would say it may not be worth at full price, but being 50% off, i sure did not regret the purchase. it is a very interesting game that i played it pretty much in one run without a break. you just want to know where you are and who this mysterious woman is.  also the character is slowly explained who he is and why he did this journey.the grpahics of course are not AAA quality. but it was still a nicely made game that creats a suitable atmosphere. the music even tops it up even more,. that it makes it even more mystical in a way.it is pretty linear but you are in huge spces that allow you to explore. you find some notes or rare items. the puzzles though are very basic. not much thinking is required but still better than nothing.over all, it is a very interesting game. so if you dont mind a slow driven game, give this one a shot."
,Recommended,261530,20678171,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bed,If you like exploration of beautiful scenes with a trail of intriguing story to discover - in a linear path with some jumping and puzzles here and there - you will really enjoy this game. I did.
,Recommended,261530,24553676,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sir Dancealot,"Great idea for a game and a good storyline, dark and a bit scary at times!Well made 3rd person puzzle game looks good graphically too."
76561198033110452,Recommended,261530,24436119,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,andy9182007,"Feels like a book. Nice story, wish it had a litte more. You won't be dissapointed"
,Recommended,261530,24437115,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jay,"Great game, fantastic story, really enjoyed it. Minimalistic but long and it really gave me the feeling of being alone on a distant planet and made me think a lot about it, like a good movie or book would."
76561198050809996,Recommended,261530,24494232,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FireGodz,Great Ending
,Recommended,261530,24493609,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,N2TheFire,"Picked up this game tonight on sale for just under $7. I played for 5 hours and completed it. I couldn't put it down! If I had to sum this up in one sentence: A jumping puzzle, platformer with minor puzzles to solve along the way and a fairly interesting story. The music accompanied the atmosphere perfectly, graphics aren't all that fancy but get the job done. Would love to see this game redone with better graphics and visuals! My only complaint is the controls can be hard to handle in certain situations (when you jump, you keep moving forward until you hit something; which means you need to plan each jump carefully). But there were only a few jumps where I needed more than one more try to make, and it never took me more than 3 tries. (hint: Sometimes there is an easier path to take).The story is rather strange. But, considering you're on another planet I guess anything is possible. But it was interesting enough to compell me to want more. There were 2 maybe 3 areas where I wasn't sure where to go and it took me a bit of running around to figure it out. (hint: In the volcanic area, look in every direction and make sure you've gone down every path... you'll get out eventually).All in all, this game was well worth the sale price I paid (probably not so much the regular price due to only being 5 hours (for me anyway) to complete. But definitely glad I bought it. Replay value is probably nil since once you've completed it and know the story, it won't interest you to go through it again - not immediately anyway.I'd give this 4 out of 5 stars. Grab it now if it's still on sale. It's worth the few bucks to kill 5 hours. :)"
,Recommended,261530,24066056,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ar1,"Decent game. I found the empty atmosphere and platforming premise of this walking simulator not to my liking. I would have preferred more story, more walking (less jumping).But, coming fron an indy studio, I was pretty impressed nonetheless."
,Recommended,261530,24068407,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ch4dwick,"The game was fun and interesting from start to finish. Great story. However, the frequent crashes at the time of this writing was really heartbreaking. Sometimes it would crash more than halfway through a checkpoint and you'd have to start that area all over again. The crashes varied from D3D driver resets to blue screens to reboots. I've played various sets of games this week from Battlestations Pacific to LImbo to Deus Ex - none of them so much as caused a blip on my system. This game? Crashed 10x in a 5 hour session.If you can live with the frustration of the crashes, this game is worthwhile."
76561198011326556,Recommended,261530,24056568,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,$olotaire,"Really cool, worth your time."
,Recommended,261530,24127233,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[AnL] c0ll3ctiv3²,"OTHER than the totally mood-killing robotic arm bug where you have to restart your computer to get it to go away?  This game was freakin' phenomenal.  I hate jumping portions of games, and this was all jumping.  I hate lots of walking in games, and this was a LOT of walking.  Games that looked cutting edge in the ear;y 2000's drive me crazy, and this is 100% that... and yet....It's a jumping game for people who hate jumping games, with more heart and soul than a lot of major production games you'll pick up these days...And the soundtrack!!!!!! If you think Fallout 3 & 4 were lacking in having that dark, spooky, etheral, long drawn out obo and bass and screeching violins from 1 & 2 and long streches of New Vegas...  Ugh this soundtrack is the greatest thing in ages.It's worth full price, it's CERTAINLY not to be missed during Steam Sales...  I'll be gifting this fairly often."
76561198066698866,Recommended,261530,10372604,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Messa,10/10
76561198042145848,Recommended,261530,23816885,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,I have been eyeing this up for a long time and glad i got it . A very interesting and unique game . I am always looking for ones that are differant from the many many games out there . Great job Devs .
76561198021283744,Recommended,261530,23890257,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aux,"In general a pretty good game, but glad I didn't pay full price for it. Has no replay value to me. Turns into more of a platformer than a walking simulator imo, and you definetly can and most likely will die a few times to environmental hazards. Story was decent too but I found that following the breadcrumb journal entries soon became unsatisfyingly sporadic way to keep me moving forward. About halfway through I started asking myself, ""Okay, when is this going to end?"". But needing closure I perservered through a plot that gave no hint as to how close we were to the climax/finale and thus started becoming monotonous. What I did like was how large the areas were even if you couldn't venture off the beaten path much, it still gave a sense of emptiness and seperation.If you are patient or more tolerant than I am and/or appreciate the journey as well as the destination, there's a good chance you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,261530,25483611,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jat,Beautiful game!
76561198212939605,Recommended,261530,25463114,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rocket Raccoon,"The story is really good, the game play is also, it has a awesome feel to it, you can in a mood of space and unkonwness"
,Recommended,261530,25462429,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JonnyonTorry,"You know what, i actually enjoyed this game... Quite a journey.It most definitely is a walking simulator, yet it's calming. It provides an atmosphere you can just relax and switch off to. All the while you're wondering what's going on.I do understand why a lot of people can find it boring, repetitive and not really worth the £15, so i'm reccomending this game on the basis it is purchased in a sale."
,Recommended,261530,25613556,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Unfabulous Baby Bears,"i don't know what i was expecting, but what a fun little romp!"
76561198053382652,Recommended,261530,25407130,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,eaglejon1,"Picket this up on Steam Sale for $10.I think it was well worth it :)A simple premise that slowly evolves through the game play.  I agree with other people who say it's more of a story you get to walk through.  Most of the puzzels were fairly straight forward but the scenery was well done, especially the sun effects and the hot springs.  The music was fantastic as well!The only downside I would say is a few of the level transitions were a little choppy.  That and the cut scene near the end could have been a bit longer.  However, once I saw the kickstarter credits at the end it made sense and the ending was quite satisfying so I'd give it a thumbs up."
76561198103484529,Recommended,261530,25641797,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Hawk,"Interesting game, but finished  the entire game in 4 hours, nice puzzles."
,Recommended,261530,25521065,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Darmok,Fun exploration game.  I felt like an astronaut.  Very relaxing at times. I recommend!
76561198111507440,Recommended,261530,23127196,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheatreOfNoise,Decided to load this and play a few minutes to see what it was like. Six hours later - WOW! Interesting storyline and incredible music score. Definitely worth it. Looking forward to what the develpers do next.
,Recommended,261530,23477507,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[CW]Codeine,"Game was great... and i did not even have a gun!Reminds you of old school adventure games. Great story. Great music. Great environments.It is nothing lavish or grand like most other titles nowadays, who try to cram all the little gimmicks and frills into the game.It is quite an Adventure at the same time. I admire the simplicity.It may not be $21 worth of content in terms of gameplay. But the adventure is worth it."
,Recommended,261530,23487256,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Larkspur,"Pros: Excellent story, interesting atmosphere, engagingCons: You die far too easily, some gameplay is repetitive (jetpack hell)"
,Recommended,261530,23646114,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Flaagan,"If you're not a superficial gamer and can enjoy a game that has a well done story that you have to extract from it, you will enjoy this game immensely."
76561198260583173,Recommended,261530,23640457,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ksnoich,Expansive scenery and immersive story line leads to hours of inspiring gameplay.
76561198048135958,Not Recommended,261530,23794150,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,EfrenIsIt,"This game is sooo bad! All you do is walk through lifeless enivornments. Sure the  background looks pretty but you can't really explore any of it. The game drags you along from one objective to another. There is nothing else to do other than to do the menial task required to progress the story.I'll admit the story's concept is interesting at first BUT the game is far too long. The story is told mostly through text and sometimes your character says something related to what's happening. After I while I didn't care about story. What made it worse is that not every objective you clear to keep moving on progresses the story! After I gave up on the story I was too far in so I did finish it. the ending was dissapointing to say the least. I regret spending so much time on this game; I could have been playing a much better game, or watching/reading a much better story.This is the game:>Walk along a non-discrete path>Run into a roadblock>Look around for solution>Walk for a few minutes to solution>Solve an extremely easy puzzle>Walk back to road block.Then you start back at the top, following the non-discrete path and following the steps .I spent $6.77 on this game and it felt like a chore the entire time. Go buy a better game."
,Recommended,261530,23044392,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,colethelion321,this game is awesome. but it does have a few glitches.
76561198079465862,Recommended,261530,23091057,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,rmagg13,"Definately worth the $10 I got it for on sale. It isn't  life changing but it does give you a deeper appreciation for our planet and how we fit into it. I would definately recommend this to someone looking for a good sci-fi indie game who doesnt need to blow somethings head off every ten minutes with gun. The atmosphere is great and I wont go into detail about the story but  if you feel like you arent really getting into it just push through a little farther and make it to the end. It is a decent payoff, leaves you feeling like a game should in my opinion by giving you alittle what you want but not everything."
81581581581581581,Recommended,261530,20885915,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,andar815,"Lifeless Planet sells itself as an action adventure tribute to Cold War era science fiction. What’s clear from the very beginning of the game is its dedication to creating a rich atmosphere and an engaging plot, but its gameplay may be unable to keep up with the elements surrounding it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JE1CXAXP9XM&list=PL3DFDLFub9-pGLzqUqejMmyNwvJo5Qz7C&index=1It starts with an international space mission’s crash landing on a planet that was supposed to be covered with a blanket of life. Of course, when the unnamed astronaut the player controls wakes up, they find their crew missing and the planet lifeless – just as the game’s name suggests.  The astronaut must explore a barren landscape to find his crew and figure out why the planet has turned to waste.The astronaut provides commentary and occasional flashbacks to reveal a character left troublingly lonesome after the loss of his wife. The fair voice performances and writing are enough for the clichéd premise to be convincing and successfully instill loneliness to the player. What really makes it work is the raw isolationist tone emanating from the very composition of the environment. Grand expanses of seemingly endless nothing stretch out towards the horizons. Massive cliffs, rocks, and mountains dot the landscape to remind the player just how small we humans are. The camera itself is positioned purposefully distant from the player to compound the humbling effect. The astronaut is small, lost, and alone. The player feels small lost and alone.As the game progresses, the mood evolves with it. The environments become increasingly hostile and sinister in appearance. Horror elements are sprinkled in adding an effective sensation of uneasiness. It’s not terrifying, but it does venture into unnerving areas to evoke the frightening nature of space exploration.Regardless, the astronaut keeps going. According to the occasional loading screen, it’s what his wife would have wanted. He eventually comes across the ruins of a Soviet colony, adding new elements to the mystery. Why are the Soviets here, how did they get here, and what happened to them?Logs from the colony’s leader can be discovered providing clues into the planets colonization and destruction. It’s no surprise the story’s themes play heavily with the environmental consequences of man’s hubris, but the game trickles out new information and insights at a satisfying rate. New ideas are consistently unveiled, often altering previously formed understandings of the plot. It successfully provides answers leading to more and more questions. While the outcome likely won’t take anyone by surprise, the long and twisted road to get there is a deeply fulfilling mystery.Unfortunately, the quest for understanding might as well be the sole driving force of Lifeless Planet as its gameplay leaves much to be desired. For the most part, there isn’t much to do other than walk from clue to clue while admiring the game’s rustic beauty along the way. It’s almost enough to work as an endearing walking sim, but it adds clumsy mechanics on top of what could have been a purely explorative adventure.The most common obstacle is basic platforming, but the game lacks tight enough controls to be anything more than frustrating. It requires the mastery of managing forward based momentum over precision jumping. This direction makes thematic sense with the planets low gravity and generally large settings, but it ends up feeling as though the player can lose control at any moment. The problem is made more evident when the player comes across special jetpack fuel allowing for multiple bursts. With triumphant music accompanying the new ability, these moments are presented as empowering, but the sight of fuel canisters often produces dread. More boosts means longer jumps, and longer jumps provide more opportunity for failure. The particulars of the game’s physics can be learned over time, but successfully landing a jump never feels skillful. Getting past a platforming segment should feel like an accomplishment, not a relief.Occasionally a lite puzzle will block the way, but calling them lite puzzles feels a tad gracious. Solutions are always obvious and are never far away. More often than not, they only require a peculiar sphere to be placed inside an equally peculiar obelisk providing power to doors or elevators. A cool mechanical arm is sometimes required, but it isn’t used for anything remarkable. It’s just conceptually intriguing and nothing more. The puzzles never give an intellectual challenge, but do succeed in managing the games pacing while occasionally triggering neat visual treats.While lacking in enjoyable gameplay, the game’s mysteries and environments are enough to carry the game to its conclusion. Lifeless Planet is occasionally frustrating and often vapid, but still manages to be engaging and beautiful."
76561198126859721,Recommended,261530,20673993,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LordoftheDance,"I thought Lifeless Planet was a pretty good game. I thought it had a very interesting storyline but I felt like the landscapes could have been a bit more interesting. There was alot of nothingness. Now dont get me wrong I understand the game is called ""Lifeless Planet"" and all but the mountains and endless desert sceens could have had cooler rock formations or more alien ruins. When I play a game though I find the story more important anyway and this game definetly had a great story! I give it a 7.5/10"
76561198127270358,Recommended,261530,20732139,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,fl_rouse,"Fun little puzzle-platformer that I keep going back to, because it's just so fun. Only downside is the weak ending. Not a lot of what's happening is explained, and the back story, while pretty clearly laid out, is still bare bones IMO.If I could give it a rating, I would say 8/10."
,Not Recommended,261530,20618874,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Riley,"An interesting game, but a little slow and drawn out for the sparse detail and content. Would have reccomended but there's some scene cuts that are just too abrupt. And the speaks his conclutions with no way he could have figured it out from what the player saw."
,Recommended,261530,12967959,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Krabs,"I paid $5 for the game, and it took about 3 1/2 hours to beat, and my feelings on a game are tempered by how much commitment it took for me to play the game.I really enjoyed this game, I know there are those who hate it, but I think their expectations were off.Lifeless Planet is a kickstarter game, pretty much made by 1 dude. I had some glitches (the quit button didn't work, puzzles don't reset on a respawn. This rarely matters, but some puzzles involve green balls, and I did lose all of the green balls. But it wasn't hard to start a new game at that stage, and it didn't cost me too much time.I found the platforming and puzzles to be fun, and the puzzles were mostly simple.The focus is the story -- why isn't this planet covered in life (like the space agency said it would be), and why is there a Russian passport and powerlines here? Who is that girl? etc. I found the story to be interesting, and most of the answers satisfying (but not all). [But to be fair: How often does a AAA title have a 100% perfect story]But this was a fun palate cleanser after some AAA titles."
76561198108194375,Recommended,261530,13296170,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,D1M1ZE,"7.0/10I picked this up on sale. I liked it, but I didn't love it. For me, the gameplay was ""okay"".+ Visuals+ Voice Acting+ Storyline+ Initial immerision in the vast landscape (got old by the end)- Glitchy at times, but not enough to pull out my hair- Seems hollow somehow (mostly wandering around and following story)- There isn't not much in this game to do except perform jumps and 1/2 dozen or so puzzlesOverall, I would recommend the game for Walking Sim & on Atmospheric merits. However, I don't see this as an Adventure, Puzzle, nor Platform title."
76561197974181504,Recommended,261530,13592692,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr.Pinkshoes,"Pro:   There are several memorable moments in the game particularly near the end (I enjoyed the bit with the tree islands). The sense of being alone comes through quite well.Con: Dark areas are far too dark, and the mechanics are pretty basic. Not a major adventure as I finished in under 4 hours of light play.Verdict: Light platforming, and light puzzle elements make for a enjoyable space journey. Equal parts 2001: A Space Odyssey & Red Planet."
76561198043461447,Recommended,261530,13464799,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,midnightxpress,It's a nice and pretty time waister. No real thought required. Just looks at the scenery.
76561197985137138,Recommended,261530,13515027,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gingerbread Man,Extraordinary
76561197966308886,Not Recommended,261530,13562530,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sly-Fox,"Actually quite a let-down unfortunately. Starts out promisingly enough but squanders the atmosphere (boom boom!) quite quickly, devolving into a repetative, fiddly and rather contrived experience. Arbitrary game mechanics that come and go, a surprisingly uninvolving story combined with lacklustre visuals and sound make for a fairly lifeless experience. It also manages to be the only game I've played recently when I've actually been bored. Completing felt like a chore finally ticked off the 'to-do' list.There's a twinkle of an interesting idea in there somewhere but I don't think this makes the best of it unfortunately."
,Recommended,261530,13601441,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,absolutesantaja,"Beautiful yet simple game, the story draws you in and keeps you guessing til the very end. Great job guys."
,Recommended,261530,13576801,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Justice,"This is a game.  There is no doubt about that - but it is more like an interactive short story.  There are puzzles and tasks - but none are too difficult - they serve to move the plot along and to get you through the tale.  I quite liked it.  I have seen reviews indicating the desolate nature of the world.  In fairness to that assessment - they are correct, the world is largely barren - but it all serves as metaphor.  Your character is broken and dessolate for reasons you discover as you progress through the game and as he comes to terms with his ""issues"" and heals - so too does the planet.  Again, this is a game which serves to embody a short piece of literature - putting you into a kind of movie version.  I liked the story - so I liked the game.  When reviewed and looked at for what it is - there really is no way, not to like this title.  It does everything it needs to do within the context of story.  It entertained me - it kept my interest - and that was about all I needed for this title to do.  Kudos to the people that created it."
76561197975646733,Recommended,261530,13555501,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tebryn,"Very simple gameplay, really atmospheric.  Loving every second I spend playing it."
,Recommended,261530,13369398,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,FryingBullet,"If you have problems with games that don't have something to shoot with - or are looking for a puzzler that will stretch your maths degree - this isn't going to be your kind of game. But, if like me, you crave exploration and an intreaging story line mixed in with some simple puzzle elements and ooodles of atmosphere, then Lifeless Planet is something rare and treasured that you are going to love. Don't expect as much action as the early Tomb Raiders, but expect vastly more action than Dear Ester. Not a particuarly long game, but enough to get your monies worth and have a satisfying conclusion."
76561198189367194,Recommended,261530,29253993,Posted: 14 January,all,gittekenneth,Absolutely mindblowing story driven game.A kind warning for all who wants to try-out this particular game. Once you start....it's like a drug...you just want to keep playing; to unleach more of the fantastic mysteries; which the planet is keeping for itself.Try it....If you dare.
76561198091177739,Recommended,261530,29537730,Posted: 28 January,all,Harleen Frances Quinzel,"Awesome game! Loved it. Never got boring, wonderful world to explore. A must have in your played/finished category."
,Recommended,261530,29538255,Posted: 28 January,all,reedoo,"Decent game, although be warned that this is a heavy platformer - and epic amounts of your time will be spent walking around. Most puzzles are jumping/timing stuff. It has a good story line, and I quite enjoyed it for that and the atmospheric sci-fi feel."
,Recommended,261530,29239145,Posted: 13 January,all,Joyful Dreamer,"Wow. :/  I started playing it, and although it seems a bit slow (I guess it makes sense being in a suit and all), I had to keep playing to see what is next in the story line ... all night, unltil I finished it ... had to go in later for work than normal ;). The visuals are pretty great for the most part. Play it as a story line, and less as a game, with lots of patience, and you'll have fun.  FPS fast action people won't like this for sure.  If you love reading books, and ever thought playing along with the book in 3D would be even better, then you'll love it for sure."
76561198165940425,Recommended,261530,29367523,Posted: 19 January,all,sramz,"I really really liked this one, glad I bought it.  I got about 6 games while on sale, and this one was easily worth the price I paid for all 6 and then some.  I couldn't wait to get off work to get home to play some more, and sad when it ended, so it's definitely recommended."
76561198003297891,Recommended,261530,29382481,Posted: 20 January,all,Badger,"You're an astronaut who crashlands on a supposed Earth like planet only to discover it's a wasteland, all rock and sand... and buildings? Your crew are gone, you need to find them and discover what is happening. Is this real or a dream?Lifeless Planet is a good game. It starts off slowly but once you figure out what you need to do it rolls along smoothly. There's no violence or shooting, just puzzle solving and an intriquing storyline that makes you want to find out what awaits you over the next hill.Someone wrote ""I don't recommend this game because there is a lot of running and jumping."" Sorry, did I not mention all the running and jumping? That's all part of the fun. The puzzles keep you thinking but rarely cause problems.A good story, well told, some decent puzzles with a good variety of landscapes. Shouldn't take much more than 10 hours even with some exploring thrown in."
76561198318387741,Recommended,261530,28743337,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TiSiLud5,"This game was more frustrating than challenging. This  is commonplace with platform games but to say that the tiny production team did a good job is  understatement of the century. Absolutely great story, the musical score was incredibly suspenseful and the pace of the game was perfect. If you were on the fence about buying it I hope this will tip you over the side because it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,261530,29177489,Posted: 10 January,all,Anjesen,"This game is a visual and auditive jewel.The science fiction story is pretty good, and the controls are very simple. The graphics concept is amazing and the music by Rich Douglas is absolutely beautiful. This is a simple yet very well made game. It took me about 8 hours from start to finish and I enjoyed every minute spent on it.I absolutely recommend it to anyone who enjoys semi-open worlds, long lonely (very long and very lonely) walks, beautiful auditive and visual experiences and well told sci-fi stories."
,Recommended,261530,29158083,Posted: 10 January,all,treetreetree,"Fun little game, very atmospheric. Easy puzzles, good for a rainy afternoon jaunt."
76561198011781410,Recommended,261530,29981067,Posted: 17 February,all,Just Harry,"Lifeless Planet was an okay game, but I can neither reccomend nor unreccomend it.The story was interesting enough, along with the elements of mystery & speculation.  But this is counterbalanced by one thing: the sheer size of the world.The problem lies in that while the expansive world does provide some very senic views, you have to walk through it.  A lot.  Because of how much time you actually spend getting from Point A to Point B serves to bog down the story progression, and generally cause any thrill you get to be dulled.In addition, there are several points where solutions to problems are not immeditely obvious, such as in theDead forest, where you have to drop a rock on a lethal root creature in order to progress.  This solution is not obvious, and nothing hints to this being what you do.  In the end, I had to use a guide for this part, having found the area's secret, just because I was trying to find out of there was a way around the obstruction.orWhen you reach the second big ailen door, and the buttons don't work because it has no power.  But it also has no indication of needing to be powered.There were also points that just straight out amused me, but these are mostly personal things, and your mileage will obviously vary."
,Recommended,261530,30010658,Posted: 18 February,all,Col.BuckShot,I actually really enjoyed this game. At times I felt like I was doing a lot of running around. Some people had mentioned the plot was dull but I think if you actually take the time to read everything instead of just trying to get through the game it will make it more interesting. Highly recommend it for a single player game.
,Recommended,261530,29677640,Posted: 3 February,all,Hurakan,"Very different and quite atmospheric.I quite enjoyed the clunkiness, he is running about in a space suit after all.The robot controls were done with a controller in mind which is a pain.Otherwise I loved the storytelling."
,Not Recommended,261530,28289410,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,chazna,No enough environment variation and gameplay is a bit repetitive.
,Recommended,261530,29863629,Posted: 11 February,all,Tek120,"I've only played the game once through, at a casual pace.  My personal opinion on the game is that it kept me wanting to know what was going to happen next, or I have to see what's over the horizon.  The only thing that lightly got aggrivating was the camera but it didn't stop me from playing the game. There aren't any REAL jump scares (if you are wondering) in the game although the feeling of being alone may bother some and the musical score can be creepy at some points haha. Yes, you can die in this game, but the checkpoints are spaced out pretty good so you don't have to do a whole lot to get back to where you were. I completely recommend this game if you are looking for a casual adventure with some mazes, platforming and super light puzzles. I loved it and wished there was more to the story!"
76561197994915857,Recommended,261530,28922480,Posted: 1 January,all,Diesalot,"Not a bad jumping puzzle game.  I'd recommend it, but only if you pay less than $10."
,Recommended,261530,29102584,Posted: 7 January,all,AccessCookies,"Beautiful and diverse environments, cool and complete story, fairly simple puzzles and platforming. Definitely enjoyable. The graphics aren't perfect but it was still very well done. I see some people complaining about the constant walking and while yes, you do walk quite a lot, that should be expected on a ""lifeless planet"". I feel the long bits of walking really immerse you into the feeling that this world you are on is extremely vast. I mean come on If you were actually an astronaut on another planet in this type of situation, you can bet you'd be doing a lot of walking. Besides the walking isn't ever unbearably long (plus you can use your jetpack to kind of glide along and pick up the pace). With how large the world is, this game did an excellent job of guiding you in the right direction so you don't needlessly walk somewhere insignificant."
76561198163242907,Recommended,261530,29786478,Posted: 8 February,all,ermorgansteiner,There needs to be a way to change the default controls. The controls for keyboard users is irritatingly difficult.
,Recommended,261530,25180774,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,El Indyo,"The kind of game you play when you want to relax during a hot summer day, with the fan humming besides you and the cicadas singing outside. Or maybe during a cold evening, after a hard day at work and before going to bed.Anyway, this game is not about action, challenge or solving head-scratching puzzles. It's not even exploration per se. It's all about the atmosphere. You just wander on a mysterious planet (not as lifeless as it seems), admiring the landscapes and unravelling the story of the earthlings who lived here. This is not an open world, the puzzles are easy to solve and the platform sequences won't give you a hard time. It still feels rewarding as you're constantly progressing through the game and discovering new environments.However, the game is long enough to keep you entertained for several hours.The various environments are coherent and fascinating, even if the graphics are simplistic.The music is nice but could have played a greater role.The gameplay is simple and the character reacts smoothly.The background story is just oppressive enough to make you beg for more.A few bugs -like falling through the floor- but nothing serious.Loved it."
76561197993799685,Recommended,261530,28296791,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mafoe,"Nice game. The gameplay is a bit repetetive, but it's more about experiencing the story. As a science fiction fan, I really enjoyed the premise, although the ecological side of it came over as a bit preachy. Nevertheless, if you can get this game for the price of a cinema ticket, it's a good catch, because it has more to offer than many movies."
,Recommended,261530,28308952,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nick Shogun,"I liked this game. I finished it in about 4 hours, but I wasn't taking my time. There are a lot of interesting notes and audio logs to be found that explain the game pretty well. The platforming sections can be tricky, but after failing a few times I always figured out what I did wrong and was able to correct myself (usually it was jumping too much or jumping in the wrong direction). The puzzles weren't frustrating, and there was enough variety to keep me entertained until I completed the game. I'd recommend this game to someone who just wants to relax on their sofa and explore another world."
,Recommended,261530,31654974,Posted: 9 May,all,niennunb,"Nice story, graphics, music and overall atmosphere with a little too much arcade elements (jumping!) for my taste."
,Recommended,261530,31693993,Posted: 11 May,all,Arrow465,"I feel like this game is getting a bad rep. Let me start off by saying that if you are looking for an action shoot em up, edge of your seat excitment game, then this is not for you. However, If you are looking for a nice quick casual game with a rich mysterious story that keeps you intrested and visuals that are amazing. Its not a hard game, like I said it is more casual but I had a lot of fun playing it. I hope for a part 2 or a DLC soon."
76561198005900222,Recommended,261530,32029813,Posted: 28 May,all,fitoou,"It's an okayish walking/jumping simulator, but it can't compete with ""the big ones"" like Firewatch or Vanishing of Ethan Carter. And i would not recommend buying it for 20 bucks.The graphics are not good, but they fullfill their purpose i guess. Some of the landscapes look pretty nice and the really well done soundtrack can create a nice and mysterious atmosphere from time to time.Steam says i needed 4,4h to complete the game. It felt way longer and i think the game should not be that long, because the gameplay doesnt motivate you in any way. Only the Story keeps you playing.Btw. the Story is okay, but nothing more. For a game that consists of 50% Story and 50% jumping ""okay"" is not that good, but at least it is better than ""bad"", right?The Credits looked like it was made more or less by one single dude. If thats true the guy has my respect because i think he put a lot of effort in it. Sadly imo it can't quite compete with other games of the genre, but it is still worth taking a look.I know i sound very negativ, but all in all i still recommend it if you are aware that its far from beeing the messiah of walking simulators and if you wait for a sale."
,Recommended,261530,32053234,Posted: 29 May,all,Ocelot66,"Wow, what an experience.  The storytelling, music was great. finished this in just under 8.5 hours.  It is like a science fiction film / puzzle with exploration and clue elements.I loved the story, and the ending. Lots of nice cinematic reveals and moments. The challenges were tough, sometimes a little bit hard to figure out, but in the end, just right.Looking forward to other things in this series.Best experience on Steam in years."
76561197984369484,Recommended,261530,32540968,Posted: 18 June,all,Cinn,"Ironic that a game in which your character relies on the air in his spacesuit for survival is so completely packed full of atmosphere!I've heard games described as interactive art before, but this is the first time I feel the desciption is justified.  This isn't a game about fighting or action; it's a game about story, location, and wonder.  It's what you'd get if you took the films Arrival, The Martian, Moon, John Carpenter's The Thing, and the new Twin Peaks, plus the games Myst, The Talos Principle, and Among the Sleep, with a dash of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's Le Petit Prince and put them in a blender.  No, scratch that blender -- it's more what you'd get if you gave those ingredients to a master chef who knew just how much of each ingredient was required for a masterpiece.It's not particularly challenging, game-mechanics-wise (except for a couple chain-jumping sections), but that's not the point of this game.  It's all about tone, tone, tone.  It's the first game I've ever encountered that uses terrain to create suspense.  If you play games for combat, speed runs, or achievements, this won't be for you.  If you play games to be taken to other places, sit back and let this wash over you.  The visuals, the music (oh, the music), and the story all combine to create a good modern sci-fi film-like experience.  The default speed for your character is a running jog, but I strongly recommend walking whenever possible.  Turn off the lights, turn up the volume, and take your time to soak in this strange new world.PROS:- Visuals- Music- Atmosphere- Story- Wonder- The overall experienceCONS (some minor niggles):- Can't turn off subtitles or end playback of found recordings, so text and voice often conflict- Sometimes on restoring a save your character is facing backwards.  In a non-descript valley after taking a break of a day or two from the game, I spent about 15 minutes trying to proceed before I realised I was heading back the way I had already come.- Can't match the speed of an NPC you're meant to follow: run is too fast; walk is too slow.  A pet peeve of mine in far too many games.I would give this game multiple Yeses if I could."
,Recommended,261530,32331332,Posted: 10 June,all,Brom,"Interesting concept, moderately flawed execution. For a one-developer game, quite well done.I thoroughly enjoyed the 8 hours of gameplay it took to finish.The pros:Engaging storylinepuzzles are challenging but not hair-pullingfascinating (and at times spooky) encounters with new areas, creatures, and structuresintriguing dual-story dynamicflashbacks to protagonist's pastauthentic-feeling audio logs (think voxophones from Bioshock)The cons:visibly unpolished. a few bugs, not-so-great textures and animations. forgivable, it's a one-developer game.once you learn that the roots are immobile and don't activate unless you get close, the tense, scary feeling wears offthe collectibles don't feel particularly rewarding. I searched pretty thoroughly (in my opinion) and found maybe two mineral deposits.death by falling seems unreasonably harsh at times. the times where you mustrush to find an oxygen canisterare wholly unchallenging, and don't feel genuine as they're spaced so far apart and so few occurances happen. the path to progress in the game is at times difficult to keep track of."
76561198012101828,Recommended,261530,32332117,Posted: 10 June,all,fallout387,"I'll get this out of the way right now, this is a walking simulator. It has some good puzzles and platforming in it, but it's more focused on the story. While it's not particularly amazing, I had a fun time figuring things out. It's well made, well voice acted, and pretty fun for anyone looking for a decent story. I say check it out."
,Recommended,261530,32261009,Posted: 7 June,all,Foodin,"For a game that’s created by an Indie developer (some say it’s the work of a single person!), I am content with all aspects of the game. Walking simulators will definitely bore you, but due to its rich story — depicting an astronaut stranded on a lifeless planet, with the possibility of certain death, and his quest to uncover the secrets of it all — is reason enough for players not to miss playing what could be one of the best indie titles out there.Read my expanded review"
,Recommended,261530,32271562,Posted: 8 June,all,milkmeink,"Cool game but really bare. Kinda boring though. Has a simplistic, eerie atmosphere that is somewhat beautiful."
,Recommended,261530,32619572,Posted: 21 June,all,Jucrispy,great story but boring gameplay. Like a 6/10
,Recommended,261530,33206837,Posted: 3 July,all,Slayve,"This game is kind of a mess. It has its fair share of bugs, but I never found them game-breaking. No, the mess is really more in the narrative and game design. There are jarring narrative jumps that can be disorienting, and your character sometimes makes intuitive leaps that seem illogical. In terms of game design, enemy types are introduced, seen only a couple of times, and then never seen again; mechanics are introduced, you do them twice, and then never again; the game physics can be a bit unpredictable, which can lead to some frustrating platforming; the puzzles are sometimes unintuitive, but simple enough that they can be solved by random poking.Having said all of that, there is something here. There are interesting environments and impressive vistas. Although movement can be unpredictable at times, there is a fun sense of momentum when you get the upgraded jet pack. And even though the story is sometimes presented in weak or awkward prose, and even though it fumbles a couple of story beats that should have been much more powerful, there is something compelling about the story. In the end, this feels like an awkward first attempt by a young game developer who might actually have something interesting to say if he learns the right lessons from making this game. I'll definitely keep my eye out for his next one."
76561198097536736,Recommended,261530,13994204,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,FrostyDeadSoul,Beautiful game! I truely love it.
76561198262584795,Recommended,261530,33391772,Posted: 8 July,all,geoestew,"Wow! When I bought this game, I figured it would be a short, little, silly game. I have to say, I was wrong. An interesting epic that sucked me in and game me chills as I finished. What a great ride!"
,Recommended,261530,33447184,Posted: 10 July,all,Die Screaming,"Cool game. Beat it in about 6 hours, playing casually. A lot of jumping and falling to your death.  Simple puzzles. Good arcade feel. Would play it again. Cool story too. Wasn't expecting it to be that good but it was."
76561198023023915,Recommended,261530,33527319,Posted: 13 July,all,hagakuremoi,"This game can be described in one word: Loneliness.As you can see from the trailer the game is very contemplative, and gives you the feeling of isolation, similar to the one you can feel walking in a forest.Its a nice game with good narration and design,"
,Recommended,261530,33620218,Posted: 17 July,all,fornitsumfornis,"I thought the game was pretty good for what I paid.  Yes, there is a lot of jumping around but I wasn't expecting a blockbuster action game so it wasn't a big deal.  The saving of the game is a little wonky, but other than that it was worth the money."
,Recommended,261530,23868449,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,sgt zookles,"Sub-par writing and choppy visuals aside, Lifeless Planet delivers exactly what you'd hope for:  huge eerie landscapes and rock-solid atmosphere. Also space communists.Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,261530,34114409,Posted: 8 August,all,Cheez Grater,"Just finished the campaign & I loved this game from start to finish. The story unfolds as you progress. The vibes remind me of Metroid Prime. It has platforming and puzzles, and lore to collect. Great game for stoners."
,Recommended,261530,34269698,Posted: 15 August,all,cwgtempel,I like it! Good story line nice game!
,Recommended,261530,34531358,Posted: 27 August,all,acejavelin,"I have to admit this is my first modern ""walking simulator"" and I played through the entire game in 2 evenings. I played the Linux version on a fairly solid machine and ran into several glitches that required completely exiting the game and restarting it. For the most part it was a relaxing change of pace from most games I play, much slower with close to zero frustration since the game basically led you by the hand the entire way and the puzzles were extremely obvious, with the only exception being the first valley where have to jump through on top of the ""trap plants"", must have tried it 30+ times trying to get the timing right and it was the only point in the game I actually got frustrated and had to walk away for a few minutes, but when I came back I got it in just a few tried. The storyline was just interesting enough to keep me engaged and wonder what was going to happen next, but not to the point I would stay up and do this in one sitting.Overall, I enjoyed the game and feel it was worth it at the $10USD or less price level, although I am not sure I think it is worth the full price of $20USD. I am looking forward to the recently announced ""Lifeless Moon"" game, really hope there is a Linux version as well.Total play-through time was about 7 hours although it probably wouldn't be hard to do it in 5 hours, easily got half of the achievements without even trying or even knowing what they were."
76561198195036314,Recommended,261530,34361561,Posted: 19 August,all,Champignon,"I liked it. Nice story line. Graphics are not the best. But decent enough to keep you into the story.Runs like a charm on GNU/linux.Got it on sale, it's not worth the 20 bux, but it supports the tux :)"
,Recommended,261530,34461901,Posted: 24 August,all,gorelovfest,Very cool game! Nice music. Awesome atmosphere!Anybody saw a night sky? It has a real stellar constellations! Fantastic!I received a pleasure))
76561198070805155,Recommended,261530,34713599,Posted: 3 September,all,mrmeatwheel,Not really a fan of walking simulators but this title kept my interest.   I think the graphics perfectly depict an actual lifeless planet so don't don't expect to be blown away by them. The soundtrack is well done and really adds to the immersion.  For six dollars I have no complaints about this game.  Play through is approximately four hours without finding all the extras(they don't really add to the story).
76561197967271190,Recommended,261530,34841645,Posted: 9 September,all,Lucky23,"Meh - kind of boring but can’t complain too much when it only cost ~$6.  Running across an entire planet got pretty stale to me but may be entertaining for others. The graphics are outdated but overall, the game plays well without any issues. It doesn’t allow for any quick saves so make sure you get a checkpoint before exiting.The game doesn’t have any 21:9 resolutions to choose from (max res = 1920x1200) but  it will easily run 3440x1440 without much trouble.Right click on Lifeless Planet → Properties→ Set Launch Options → -screen-width 3440 -screen-height 1440 → OKNo X-fire support"
76561198004667734,Recommended,261530,34796979,Posted: 7 September,all,Gawd Almighty,"A solid game. If you like a pretty straightforward platformer with a great deal of atmosphere to go with it, then I'd highly recommend it.Pros: The puzzles, for the most part aren't mindbendingly complex. Which is a good point here, as it's not a real puzzle game. Strong atmosphere. Intriguing plot. Good voice acting.Cons: A little more world building might have been beneficial to build up the atmosphere/sense desolation more. After the initial stages, the world seems too bland."
,Recommended,261530,34830376,Posted: 8 September,all,firewalker1959,"very fun, wish it were longer,I will play it again some time."
