user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,261680,12894949,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bao-Le-58,"I can appreciate games with more focus on storytelling rather than gameplay (I even like Gone Home which a lot of people hate), but I did not like this game. It's not a bad game, the voice acting is good and sketchy artstyle is really appealing but I could not sympathize with the unnamed protagonist nor did I have any interest in her. She's a troublemaker who lies, cheats, and steals... and breaks windows. Even if you pick the positive moral choices, it doesn't affect the outcome of the story and as a result, she's still a ♥♥♥♥♥.Throughout the whole game, you're left wondering what it is that she's going through that has caused her to behave this way. I felt like the story was a bit of a muddle and that it wasn't really going anywhere as they leave out details for pretty much everything, such as her parent's divorce, her grandmother's sudden change of behaviour, and the package you have to pick up from the post office. They don't really contribute to the story as the ending explains why she has been acting out.The ending (which I won't spoil) was very cheesy and it was clearly meant to be sentimental but it just happened so abruptly. Nothing in this game has lead to the events of the ending, except for the carnival interludes maybe. I feel like I would've sympathize with the character more if they told us this in the first place rather than trying to make it into a huge twist.Is this game trying to tell us a story about the life of a teenage girl or was it meant to be deeper? Either way, the disjointed narrative structure of the game just shoehorns more mysteries and it was all pointless. They try to tell so much story within the short legth of the game. I bought this game with my disposable income of £1.74 as the game was 75% off. You can complete this game within an hour and a half and the achievements, as well as the game of course, is very easy. Unless the game is at that price, I would avoid. It's a love it or hate it game but one with no incentives to play it through the second time.5/10 - AVERAGE"
,Not Recommended,261680,20714847,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Faudraline,"""Memory is not particularly linear - it is associative, repetitive, subjective and porous."" - Dana SpiottaThis whole little game that Richard Perrin was working on for 10 years is actually about memory, and how definitely subjective it is. Any event, any occurrence that we either live ourselves or solely witness, will be retold through a certain perception. There is no such a thing as the truth once an event is recalled from the memory. There is only our own experience, thus, any narrator is eventually an unreliable narrator.Journalis a perfect example of this notion.The narrative centers a 5 day period in a nameless teenage girl's life when she's been trying to deal with both expected troubles of growing up, establishing a character, making choices, learning hard earned truths and living consequences; and a specific, singular disaster fundamentally too heavy for her young being to deal with. Through detached and off dialogue options, abhorrently selfish exclamations and numbing expressions, we take a walk.Journalis an interesting, yet eventually surreal and nettlesome experience.The artwork is hand drawn, picking a thin balance between beautiful and creepy, and that many would basically define as being eerie. A melancholy, water color environment combined with slender, faceless characters do create our setting. The whole display screams detachment and an inability of adaptation with the world. A failure to emphasize is written all over the artwork. The music changes as our heroine change places within a side scrolling environment from ""feeling blue"" to ""something's off"" any minute. We are given short stories told with shadow plays between chapters to declare some bitter life lessons now and then, and complete a whole playthrough within 2 hours.I do adore story driven or narrative games mostly. But definingJournalto be either story driven, or narrative would be an understatement and probably even a completely wrong definition. In this collection of personal expressions, the narrative is completely subjective with little to no room for diverse character progression. Contrary to player expectation with the choice options presented in game, our protagonist already displays a precognized set of actions. Her mentality, her actions and reactions are not actually alterable. Any and all events that we encounter within the game, are already lived, thus categorized and concluded within the mind of our heroine. We are solely there to witness her personal recognition of events rather than having a gameplay. She is a bitter, troubled, detached, numb child; stuck in an existential crisis.Is this a bad thing for us to witness in a game? Quite possibly not. This game was one of the best examples of ""unreliable narrator"" in any game I've seen before. Yet, it also comes with the direct obstacle of constantly misinforming the player, making him/her walk into dialogues with semi-truths, wrongly presented information and endless defense mechanisms, evading for any kind of truth to be discovered. Being trapped within the narration, you are doomed to make wrong choices inconsequentially. Thus, there is no immersion, no character sympathy or even empathy, no control over any outcome. You are forced to witness endless apathy directed through stereotyped declarations.The game is most definitely a great art project, and managed to accomplish what it has come to aspire: an ode to memory, perception and illusion of understanding. Yet, I find myself failing to recommend the game in the end. It is not fun to play. It is impossible for one to actually emphasize with the setting. It all is fleeting, surreal and numbing... as it was probably intended to be so. I most certainly appreciate it, yet fail to recognize the beauty of this kind of existentialist numbness as gameplay. There is no hate, no love, no fear, no bravery... ""Nothing"" wrapped in pretty colors. Pick it on sale if you'd like to take an unusual experience with the grand illusion of choice.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,261680,13965685,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,peremptor,A poignant reminder of how subjectively we experience events in our lives. Highly recommended to any adventure/story fans that don't mind empathizing with a teen protagonist with her own individual issues and problems.
76561198030069024,Recommended,261680,9158151,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,DeadlyPrivate,"To debate whether this game has artistic merit or if it is worth buying seems almost pointless. The game is currently 80 minutes, and even then it is where the game has you make all the choices you can achieve before proceeding. It is not a game like Gone Home, where the details to every little thing are incredible. The game has rough edges where the main character would often clip at edges or I would go through a door twice due to tapping it once and going to the left slightly. But...I feel like it is a game that needs to happen for the continuation of the medium of games.The character goes by unamed, and the first few minutes are rather naively optimistic. You are exploring why the pages of your journal are missing! It will be a intriquing journey of mystery and investigation. But the game hides what your character did and did not do, thus leading to misenterpretations where you make a choice that you regret instantly.But, the game benefits from these choices. It is a very truthful game where the main character is not a vessel or a blank slate for the player, but is truly a confused young girl who is unsure of what is the right or wrong thing to say or do. Gone Home is where you view the experiences of a confused girl, while Journal is more about BEING a confused girl. I am really glad that my character doesn't agree with my own stance on the matter, even when she makes a choice I would have made because I am a seperate person from what her life is.The art, while getting a lot of praise from people, to me is very simplistic and helps achieve a children's story feel that betrays the true meaning of the game. You do not help people in this game, nor do you make lifes better. It is what a child would feel when going through such a painful moment in their life, and I really do respect and admire a game that can achieve such clarity on the subject of childhood innocence and even if it is possible.I say that it is a important step in video games is because this is a really personal story for the writer and artist. It is not a game where there is any power trip nor any sense of accomplishment, and is really not about finding the truth or letting go of things. It's about a normal person dealing with things that can never be undone or fixed. To spoil the ending or even the moments within it would ruin the experience of actually going through it.Would I recommend this: YESIt is a very close and personal game, where the length or technical lack of polish does not ruin or even bring down the honesty and bluntness Journal has brought. I wish I could say specifics, but to do that would ruin your own experience with it.Suggestion for developer: I believe more polish to the game would be benefical, and more stories from the writer and artist would be greatly appreciated."
,Recommended,261680,12692654,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,moonbunnychan,"This is a quiet, lovely story about grief, remembrance, loss, and adolescence.  I'm sure a lot of people in the ""this is not a game"" camp would be quick to dismiss it, but I know I rather like games that have a great narritive and are more of an interactive story.  I'd most compare this to a visual novel...there's no puzzles to solve but rather just choices in responses to questions.  The visual style is really interesting...the entire game takes place on pieces of paper, which flip as you change scenes and everything looks like a drawing.The game is rather brief though...it took me about 2 hours.  It can probably be done in far less if you don't take the time to talk to everyone.  I'd say to definitely wait until it's on sale, the full price isn't worth it, but it IS worth getting."
76561198094221272,Recommended,261680,11182069,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,drake31,"Journal comes with few interesting features like visualization and music, and rely heavily on storytelling aspect. However story isn't that gripping or intriguing from start till the end, even though final ""twist"" helps a bit.I personally didn't enjoy this game as much as i would like to, but quality is present.Grade:C"
,Not Recommended,261680,11061262,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rainbow Caticorn,"As much as I really wanted this game, and even wanted to give it a good review I just can't. I am sitting here fresh after playing it, feeling terrible after the game. Most of the time I can review games with a better manner of my feelings. This game however even though it made me feel terrible, it was for all the wrong reasons.You have absolutely no influence in this game what-so-ever. When I found out this girl was a bit of a trouble maker I thought I could just make the right choices and avoid it. To no avail though. And decisions were able to be made before you even knew what was going on. Like the broken window, your friend is upset because everyone thinks she did it, you tell her you know you didn't do it just to hear from someone else you were the one saying she did it.You also steal from charity, but not by choice, and you're not even aware of it until your stopped by a police officer and your character admits she stole. Then you can't even take it back by first choice, you have to admit it to your mother. The character is very very selfish and by the end of it I just hated her, and this game. The circus ""cut scenes"" were completely comfusing and I feel so terrible because I wasted money on this. It had been in development for a long time, one would expect better gameplay from it.I just cannot reccomend this game, because as much as I love games with stories, this just isn't a good one."
,Recommended,261680,13324170,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rachel#SendMeYourUnwantedCoupons,"I honestly don't know how I feel about this game!It's kinda hard to explain.It's not what I expected.This is not a game but a very short story being told.Your choices make no difference whatsoever to the outcome.Still I liked the end, didn't see it coming.Loved the artstyle and the shadow theater between chapters.I only recommend it for 75% off. Not worth the full price.Also recommend you watch videos before purchasing it. This is a love it or hate it game. (or maybe you will be confused like me!)Didn't hate the game so that it would make me give thumbs down. But didn't love it either.5/10"
,Recommended,261680,14481897,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"This game I quite enjoyed. First off, I was surprised that it was by the same developer(s) as crafted Kairo, although in retrospect, it made sense storywise a bit. Definitely demonstrated some variety in their ability to craft games. The secret ending is something they like to do, and it seems to be more about their whimsy than about being part of the actual game, which I appreciate.Anyway, as to the actual game. This is a curious blend of interactive novel and point and click adventure. It was very well written in my opinion. The 2-D design was fairly perfect for this game. The artwork itself was very cool, in that it seemed to be sketchbook art given life, which I thought was pretty neat.So, in the game, you play as a high school teen who seems to be having some issues in her life. Her friendships are strained, her family relationships are strained, her schoolwork is suffering, etc...As you explore this world, more is revealed, and it leads you on a bit of a path to self discovery. However, what I thought was even more interesting was the Sixth Sense (movie) approach to story telling in this game, which is to say that everything that happens in the game has a greater prupose that, upon finishintg the game, will all fall into place seamlessly and present an entirely different picture after than you might have thought was happening during the course of events that led you through this experience. I thought that was particularly well handled, especially considered that this was obviously a cathartic experience for the games writer as wellAll told, I think this game deserved about a 7.5 out of 10, but I also think that depending on your real life circumstances prior to playing this game, the ratings could easily be higher. I was glad to be given this window into the writers mind a bit. There are also some very nice film reels at the end of the game that also give some real life perspective to the in game story....and that secret ending....make sure you see it. It's really easy to accomplish and will only take you about 5 minutes longer to take the necessary steps (which can be found in the Community Hub if you dont feel like exploring...but basically finishing the game unlocks new dialogue towards the beginning of a second playthrough which will allow you to unlock the secret ending without having to play through the entire game again)."
,Recommended,261680,12883126,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Kaldire,"A very short but very interesting gameI cant spoil the endbut I seriously cried. 37 year old man here, criednot that its real or what not but .. what could be, what should be, regrets etcthe game is about an hour long or lessdont expect puzzles or to much plot,but this game is wonderful in its own right just it should be cheaper, the sale price is even overpriced,id have gladly donated 5$ for the game to the devs but not to valveawesome game, great premise.Kal wipes tears from his eyes"
,Not Recommended,261680,12993102,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,GRIONSAW,"There isn't enough detail to make the characters feel alive.  It's all very surface. Telling, not showing. For a narrative based game, that kind of thing is vital.I don't have the same problem with the main character's moral choices other people have. I like that she wasn't perfect but from the player's perspective, there's little to no fallout from her actions. For instance, at some point during the game (minor spoiler) she totally messes up her relationship with someone she's close to and NOTHING HAPPENS. There's a brief moment of ""oh, that's a darn shame. I probably should have acted differently there, huh?"" I don't think the character is ever mentioned again. It's really frustrating.Overall,  this game feels more like a piece of personal writing someone wrote as therapy, rather than something intended for public consumption. The carnival interludes are especially awkward."
76561197989132185,Recommended,261680,9157771,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,pulp-reduced,"The game provides us with some interesting situations, ranging from the social interactions with peers, to conversations with a priest, the deceased and a homeless person. We get a more or less subtle view into each of their lives, which adds up to a bigger picture. A bigger picture of life as a hardship. The human condition, if you will. Especially in the time as a teenager. Insecurity, stress, insufferable amounts of complexes and general frailty - when it comes to the need of being accepted by the people around you - are things which are prominent in the years of being a teenager; in the years of being at all, to be honest. Where the desperate attention seeking can spring into action actions which in retrospect can be seen as abhorrent. But with a little bit of care, consideration, empathy, with a little bit of knowledge and insight into a persons motivations, WITH A LITTLE BIT OF THESE THINGS, understanding these idiosyncrasies can be much easier. The person being a ""♥♥♥♥♥"" can at the same time at home deal with angry parents, destructive parents, alcoholic parents, whatever concoction of behaviorism you can imagine and thereby themselves become a person like their parent, for the simple reason of learning behavior from your surrounding.A depressed, absent-minded mother who blames you for her stress and angst, and a father who left you stranded with her will surely make you desperate for attention, in whatever way possible, especially when you're falling out with your friends, or the people you assumed were your friends. This is the case of our protagonist. Making her actions understandable, as I've seen people think otherwise.We follow our maincharacter through a hodgepodge of a timeline, where we often get to see the consequences of something she'd done wrong. As in cheating on a test, stealing a snow globe and breaking a window and blaming it on her friend. This is where we need to get the notion of what a game ""SHOULD"" be out of our head. We don't have a say in these things, we are merely a witness. Sure, we control everything but we're not really in control. We are watching everything unfold in front of us without any say. For once I find this positive. It's a personal story, why should the player interject their own personality, morality or will? Why plaster your face onto a character when it's clearly not meant to be that way? Why forcefully demand the relatability of everything any character does, that's why the personality of most gamecharacters are nonexistent. Why are we afraid of people not being like us? Let this game be an expansion of your view of people. Why not let a character be itself, and then the analysing could be of interest.And this is where my point is to some critique I've seen for the game. This game is not about trying to let you choose how to handle a situation, it's showing you the situation of this particular teenage girl. It's showing you the aftermath of some regrettable actions. It's showing you how it affects a person, how guilty a person can feel because of a mistake they barely had any real reason behind. And how your peers and upper echelons shame you because of these mistakes. It show's you the protagonist being shunned by friends and family because of silly mistakes, and the fact that you feel the need to steer her actions lets you know that the game is doing what it intends to do.The stereotypical feel of the characters in this game is because they are real characteristics of real people. They are very common issues, personality types, and very typical scenarios for people to be in. The thing about putting this in a game is to illustrate it somehow, and get an outlet for these things you think about, as you do. To get past things. To put things into perspective. It's all there, you just need to look close enough. The game doesn't hit you in the face with its messages, or it's insights. But it's all there. From the carnival stories, the distorted mirrors of better times, memories being forgotten of the people that passed, the lying lion who did anything just to get another bite of food - in reality a metaphor for attention? I need to play it again, you should play it, think about it. Discuss it. I wish I wasn't as tired as I am right now, I don't think I can do the game justice. It's not the most beautiful game, not the most intricate, not the most interesting, but it has its moments. It's a game that tries to give us something, more than just a couple hours of time spent. I will always pay for a game with a good concept, a game that tries to do something interesting. This game certainly did, even though it may have been too much to actually get across in the best way possible. But I think most of it is already there, the teenage hardships, the tragedy of selfishness, the selfish social interaction, the shallowness of sociality, the subtle character motivations which can be parallelled with our lives. It did what it set out to do, a shame it didn't get more leeway to express this in a much grander and more beautiful way, but what we see is what we get, and what we got was good enough for a purchase, also for probably more than one playthrough.I think I got across what I wanted to say, albeit clumsily and badly, but I did it."
,Recommended,261680,23147222,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"7/10 - A Heavy Offering of Nostalgia; Blast from the past!My girlfriend caught me playing this game; It's the same feeling as being caught masturbating. I was embarrassed and a little defensive. If you really wanted to engage in this activity... it should be done in private!This game hooked me in and kept me interested mainly due to the fact that I felt as though I was reliving my past. If you are at least 20 then you probably at some point utilized AOL instant messenger. This game takes place entirely within the confines of your computer.The game spans several years through college; you begin talking to a girl from your past and each year the dynamic of the relationship changes. Things get real pretty fast and the path you choose may differ from time to time. Just when you think you have this one figured out... You may be wrong.Worth $5 or so; it’s better than I thought it would be, but grab on-sale!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,261680,19203265,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Gimpy Illu$trado,"The Good: This British choice-driven youth drama has plenty going for it.* A solid premise -- find out why the teenage protagonist's journal is suddenly filled with blank pages.* Goreous art direction -- hand-drawn graphics; clever use of real-world design elements to put spatial limits on the levels, as the story goes on; paper-cut shadow plays during the cut scenes between days (chapters)* Believable, well-realized characters -- fun fact: without even trying, I unlocked all of the personality-related achievements without a guide during my first playthrough, just by asking ""What would Angela Chase (fromMy So-Called Life) do?""* Intriguing setting -- a surreal, dream-like version of an otherwise unremarkable British small town during the bleak early days of the Tony Blair era.The Bad: Lack of options, maybe? You explore the town, talk to people, and figure out who you're meant to interact with next. Not a lot of variety in terms of gameplay. Theoretically, it would be possible to port the whole game into Twine, using hyperlinks and text descriptions to move between locations. (Thankfully, the characters and the central mystery are compelling enough to keep going.)Also, if you're not into family drama or coming-of-age narratives, you should probably avoid this.The Ugly: Awkward, buggy controls for such a straightforward game! There were a few crucial moments when it was obvious that you're meant to speak with a character but the positioning doesn't let you launch the conversation option."
,Recommended,261680,9155059,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,feitclub,"There's a lot I love about Journal: it looks pretty, it's not very long, and there's no difficulty to speak of. Instead, you get to walk through a few days of a young woman's life and see how she interacts with the people she cares about. I was occasionally put off when the character revealed important information in past tense - information I should have known when I was choosing how to steer conversations, like learning I had been the one spreading a rumor - but there's a reason for that and I'm not going to spoil it. The final day will surprise you for sure.Also, there's trading cards."
76561198117266702,Recommended,261680,9160074,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Emoloy,"Wow, this game was  odd but absolutly amazing. I loved every second of it. Journal explores emotions and situations which many people find hard to cope with, and takes you on a very emotional journey."
76561198124536151,Not Recommended,261680,10544245,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,NutellaMouseGaming,"Honestly, I kind of liked it at first. But soon it started getting boring, since your decisions don't actually change anything. The only thing that actually changes something is if you complement Anne or Catherine to Keith. There is also a bug, where you go to the end, but it doesn't say anything. But the main reason I'm giving this game a thumbs down is because I thought it was cool how I make desicions that affect the ending, but that's not the case. They give you descisions, yes, but only one actually does something. And even that decision didn't affect the ending. But desicions aren't the only feature that I dislike. It's the story. Throughout the story, no matter if you try to act nice, your still a selfish teenage girl. This is going to go back to the decisions, but they're practically useless! I like it when I can be the one who decides the ending, not every single ending the same, so replaying is pointless!Overall, I didn't like the game."
76561198052983021,Recommended,261680,10692228,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jvgocavs_2000,"Journal is a very enjoyable inde adv game, It requires no real skill other than a willingness to explore the world and converse with the NPCs in it.  Journal tells the story of an unnamed women, looking back on a difficult time in her child hood through her journal, which you are helping her write as you play.  The unusual premise and the beautiful hand drawn children’s story book graphics are worth the price of admission alone.  The story elements (divorce, death, friendship, coming of age) are never handled to deeply, but it was enough to cause me to think back on my life more than once as I played which is something very few video games have ever accomplished, its more like a good novel or movie in that way.  The only game aspects are how you chose to answer questions (aggressive, guilty, positive, pessimistic), how much of the world you interact with, and how that changes your relationships along the way.  None of this ever really changes the outcome, which will make sense once you play it and the story even addresses this at a point.  If you enjoy adventure games and can have some empathy with a main character in fiction then you will enjoy Journal.  Oh, and it plays great with a gamepad too."
,Recommended,261680,13346075,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Nyc2x,"This is different from everything I have ever played. In spite of being short, I was fascinated by the story and what an ending! This is a game you either love or hate. it really depends on whoever play it. I liked this game. Short & sweet, good piano music, good atmosphere, good voices and dialogue. It's basically an interactive story.If you like new gaming experiences, you must try this out! Nice dialogues!Game: 7.5/10Graphic: 8.5/10100% Achievement :Easy| Medium | Hard | Very Hard"
,Recommended,261680,16016970,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Zipomatic,"Another ""Interactive Storybook"" type of game about a young girl. You play the ""game"" and find out what it going on in her (with her?) life.Nice story, beautiful music and a unique art style. Well worth the couple of hours it will take you to complete. (for a cheap price)"
76561198113223290,Recommended,261680,12932734,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kit-Kat PaddyWhack™,"Journal...how do I describe Journal.Journal is a game that focuses on the story. The only keys you use are the right and left arrow buttons, and then the space bar. It's more than enough.Journal...is something different.When I first started playing the game after buying it on sale, I'll admit. I wasn't that impressed. I thought it was a bit odd, and I liked the art style. The story was simplistic and seemed to have no point. Then a window got broken. Then you find out YOU broke the window.You make all sorts of descions in the game that all pertain some sort of importance, though some are miniscule and others are...game changing. Literally and metephorically. You change the course of the game with each move you make, and then you also change the story itself, to a point. At first it isn't all that interesting and honestly a bit confusing, but then things fall into place. it's like a puzzle and you have to put it together. Piece by piece, word by word. You'll have to stop a couple times to figure it all out, though it isn't an inconveinance. Little puppet show stories are between each...chapter? Page? In your journal that sort of help you understand, while also delivering a seperate lesson and helping piece things together.The most remarkable thing about this game is the ending. The ending made me think, made me sit back and stare at the screen. At the last sentance for a good ten minutes, just wondering. Wondering, thinking. Appreciating. This game gets a whole lot of credit for its ending; you realize what the whole game was about, why you did what you did, what your motiviations and everything else were for your actions and the truth behind the puppet shows.This game is more of an experience, and it's a real good one. I reccomend it to anyone who wants to be surprised and enlightened, and who doesn't mind contomplating things.Amazing ending, art, and style. It all ties up and is just...beautiful. Buy it. They earned the money."
,Recommended,261680,20526085,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Snowfox,"SummaryEnter the pages of the hand painted world of Journal. A journey through the life of a young and troubled girl as she tries to face up to the choices and responsibilities that come with childhood. An experience that questions the reliability of how we choose to remember events and explores the truths hidden within our dreams.Journal is a narrative driven adventure game by Richard Perrin, the creator of Kairo and the white chamber, with art and writing by Melissa Royall.Tags: Indie, Adventure, Female Protagonist, Walking Simulator, Interactive Fiction, Hand-drawn, Casual, Visual Novel, Singleplayerhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=600360443ReviewAs the summary says, in this game you play as a troubled young girl, facing her responsibilities and the consequences of her choices.The game plays relatively well, aside from the controls. It feels like they made this game, intending it to be a point & click, but instead decided to use keyboard controls half way through development. I really think the game would be better if, instead of keyboard controls, they used point & click mechanics. It would even go really well with the game; in its current state, you have to navigate with the arrow keys (which are a little too responsive) and space to talk to people or interact with the environment. So, naturally, point & click controls would help with the over sensitive arrow keys and also allow you to simply click on a person to walk over to them and talk to them.The story is a really well made one, despite it being only around 2 hours long. The premise is that suddenly, the pages of your diary are blank and you need to find out what happened to them. By playing through each of the 5 days, you collect the information that has disappeared. If you like games where the character has a mild case of amnesia, or is needs to find pieces of his/her memories as they progress, you will enjoy this game. The secret ending that you can get after you play through the game once is worth your time to find ;)Has beautiful hand-drawn visuals and a soothing soundtrack. The perspective of this game is strange: you (as the girl?) are sitting at what seems to be a desk in your bedroom, looking into your journal, playing the game, looking for the missing words of your journal (journal-ception?!). When you complete each day, the perspective changes, and you are greeted by a shadow puppet show that tells a unique story. The main part of the game consists of wandering through your British town, talking to people, completing tasks, resolving troubles, and taking part in school life.Some actions are influenced by your decisions, but I think you get the same ending no matter what choices you make during your first playthrough.There are 10, easily unlockable achievements that took my 2.3 hours to unlock (one is sitting at the menu screen for 10 minutes xD). The price is high for only 2 hours of content, so I recommend you buying this game on sale for under $5, unless you really want to play it. Overall a really enjoyable game that plays sort of like a visual novel. I got it for $1.39, and I couldn’t be happier.My implemented rating system:Run away! 1-2/10Handle with caution… 3-4/10Buy on sale: 5-6/10Every day purchase: 7-8/10Must buy: 9-10/10This game's rating: 6.5/10. A little expensive, but well worth the cost on sale.Read the full review here on our website:{LINK REMOVED}http://giveaways.pl/reviews/journal/Visit our steam group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/vantom"
,Recommended,261680,22728892,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,冇鬼用,"A very, very short game (1 hour max) about a teenager going through the past five days of her life, where you realise that this girl's life gets more and more tragic the more you play the game. Well it feels more like a visual novel. There are different dialogues you can choose, but they seriously don't seem to have any effects on the actual game. The story feels like a mess to me, where there is so much going on that are not related at all to each other and it is hard to connect everything together. Although on the flip side, this may describe the turmultuous life that our protagonist is experiencing right now. I felt like the only part that mattered in the entire game was the final day, closer to the end. Everything else before felt trivial to the story.Tl:dr. Story gets more ♥♥♥♥ed up the longer you play. Story that just jumps everywhere with no connection. Lovely artwork and music. If you got a few bucks to burn, get it. It's still a good game (or visual novel) and there is proof that the game creators put time and effort into it to make this a quality piece."
76561198063301812,Recommended,261680,15228906,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Exodus 14:21-28 = v a l v e,"Pleasantly surprised.I launched this game only to collect the trading cards, but something in me got me to stay put and try this game out.  I honestly thought it was just another adolescent trash story, but, no, it's not that at all.  It's actually a mature story.Basically, you control a young female who goes around wondering where her journal pages went.  As you begin to ask people about this, you begin to discover there are other more important things going on.  You quickly discover that all bad things that happen is your fault.  Eventually, I began to question what the heck is going on?  Why is the character I control doing these things??  By day 5, it all comes out, and wow...  I was moved.  Truly, the writer did an excellent job presenting this story in the manner she did, from the perspective of an older woman re-telling the story of herself as a  young person who is shielded from a very dear and important truth, and acting out because of not knowing.  I was deeply moved.This is a gem amidst♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  If you can overlook the simplicity of the gaming aspects, and take this as an interactive novel more than a cheesy game, then I highly recommend this.   It's a very good story for anyone of any age, from pre-adolescent on up.  I was moved.  You might be too."
,Recommended,261680,14118334,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,virotti,"I bought it at 75%, and I don't regret it. Interesting concept, nice visuals, good voice acting that was not used enough (only important parts, which are written in the Journal, are spoken by one actress), short story with a very funny alternate ending (that reminded me of Portal 1 and 2's ending songs).The bad part? The story is not very well written, so the ending feels like it was thrown in for dramatic purposes.If you are looking for something different and short and don't mind a flawed diamond, make sure you buy this (on a sale)."
76561198015052897,Recommended,261680,13542221,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Maliceff,"Short but sweet (was AFK, thus the 9 hr gameplay) actually only about 2 hours of gameplay.. however, still worth the 2$ I paid for it.  The art is beautiful, the music is soothing and the story is great."
,Recommended,261680,13568744,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Daniela,"If you're looking for a chill experience while being bundled up in your bed, this game might just do the trick. It takes aproximately 2 hours, and it's a quite interesting experience. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but I would recommend it to ME so I guess that's what this is all about in the end, right?The graphics are enjoyable, I loved how everything remembered me somehow of the little town I grew up in. You start by being a quite forgetful young lady, in highschool, not knowing what she said a few days back and most of the times being an annoying little brat. I didn't like the main character specifically, but it turns out she was actually having a lot of STUFF going on. While you talk to your friends and family, things seem to unravel and you get some clues that there may be more to this story. You hear that something's wrong, but WHAT is it?There is actually a story-within-a-story too, as between chapters you get small bits of the life in a carnival,  that will tie all the loose ends in the final chapter.The music is pretty enjoyable, and the whole game has an ""old"" feeling to it, like something happened in those days you weren't born, but you see on postcards in your parent's keepsake drawer.The only thing I would've wanted is more voice-overs, as only the girl's monologue is actually spoken, the rest is written.This game does go into that niche, weird, hipster game zone, maybe more than other indie games. But I really enjoyed it, and I hope you will too. P.S. I wouldn't pay 10 euros for it, but 5 and less are an ok price."
,Not Recommended,261680,15042274,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,merryWOAHman,"It took me an hour and a half to finish the story twice. Though I generally enjoy story-driven games, the personality of the protagonist in Journal made it hard to commit to the story. She was generally a rude person who acted selfishly. I understand she was (without spoiling anything) going through a lot, but she is just not likable. This made it difficult to really get into the game. It's not something I would spend money on if I had played it before buying it."
,Recommended,261680,13695869,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jelly Fox,"I was interested in playing this game for two reasons initially: 1) I really enjoyed playing Kairo (also made by Richard Perrin, creator of Journal), and 2) I found the way in which the protagonist was being negatively described in various reviews to be intriguing. More often than not, I enjoy games in which I cannot fully sympathize with the main character because it helps you to understand things from new and unique perspectives. That being said, due to my own life experiences I was actually able to empathize with the character in this game in some respects,  which actually  made my experience all the more personal. This is a fantastic game, deeper than most.The game reminds me of interactive fiction, in a lot of ways. It's telling a story, a very complex one, using both stunning visuals, beautiful music and powerful written word. But unlike a typical visual novel, this game allows for freedom of movement within the world of Journal and more variance in choice of responses. The main story is juxtaposed perfectly along with a shadow puppet play which acts as a sort of philosophical intermission between chapters.  There is a sense of doom lingering throughout the game that hints toward something tragic, which is also expressed via a gradual shift and general sense of unease in the atmosphere and setting of the game.  Nothing you do changes the outcome, however, and this was the hardest thing for me to accept. Nothing leading up to the end can truly prepare you for it, and it's quite a heavy conclusion to deal with.I can see why some people might view the main character in this game in a negative way. She's young, has been through a lot, and makes many mistakes. But she's trying to come to terms with it all, and you are right there with her the whole time. None of the mistakes I mentioned can really be prevented by you, although you can gently guide the main character into more apologetic or thoughtful responses. Sometimes it's truly painful and cringeworthy to witness the main character going through such turmoil or causing it, but it's that brutal honesty that makes the game what it is. Journal is a journey, a dreamlike one that slowly transforms into a nightmare right before your very eyes."
,Recommended,261680,10036810,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"A short game with many of lifes emotions to deal with. I think just about everyone can relate to her in some way. The game has no difficulty or challenges, pretty much just walk through as you find out peoples different personalities and how they get along/clash with her. The game is bitter sweet as it has real life situations and outcomes. I recommend this game for anyone whos interested in a short story of a girls 'struggle' with day to day things."
,Recommended,261680,21938192,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,salviad,"I feel certain aspects of Journal didn't quite ""fit"",Catherine was a bit obscure...her transformation from ""popular girl"" status to ""caring girl"" didn't flow well.Also, messages such as ""honesty is the best policy"" were not implemented in the greatest way.With that being said, Journal has a relatable story that includes beautiful artwork and decent voice acting. The plot is a huge mess until the final day, but that sums up the entire theme of the game...life is a mess, filled with mistakes and regrets.P.S : Journal is a bit overpriced to say the least, make sure to pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,261680,22536988,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Lyonesse,"At first, you probably won't like the main character. She's a mess: manipulative, lies a lot, steals, mean to her true friends and gets manipulated by a jerk classmate.As the story goes by, you'll see some reasons that explains why she's making poor choices. Also, she'll notice her own failures and start to feel regret.If you were once a teenage and have dealt with some complicated experiences like death, divorce, confused relationships... you'll for sure relate with her story and be touched by it.Journal is an unique and heartmoving experience. Give it a try!P.S.: Don't forget to find the secret ending in your second playthrough. You'll love it!"
76561197995669628,Recommended,261680,29495163,Posted: 25 January,all,Sorokonojka,"Journalis a narrative game about a girl trying to cope with multiple problems in her life. Gameplay is limited to walking and text choices so it is kinda like a 2D walking simulator. The story and drama are very down to earth so it won't appeal to everyone. I usually stay away from a game with no gameplay but good writing and fantastic music won me over.Choice consequences ?Journal is like writing your own story. Your character is innocent unless you decide otherwise. It seems that not everyone likes the main character but I think the point of the game is that you create who she really is.According to some reviews, the choices have no weight to them because they have no impact in a long run. I don't think you can change the ending but you can change side events before that.Sometimes our choices have an impact on us but perhaps can't change certain things in our lives.When I played this game I genuinely cared about the characters. There are some multiple choice answers that will affect your relationships and it will have an impact on this short journey. You will have to play the game about 3 times to collect all extra story cookies.Immersive settings created by MusicHonestly, as soon as I heard the music I knew I would love this game. Without giving away spoilers I will just say that music progressively changes to match the plot. From a sound design point of view, everything was flawless from sound effects to music and voice acting. Not only the music was good but it really complemented the tone of the game.Only about 10% of the game is voice acted from a perspective of the main protagonist. Personally, I prefer games not to be voice acted completely because reading makes me more engaged. Text walls are not too big but If you do not like reading there is no point in buying this game.Enjoyable Art direction and Unique presentation  .Obviously, this game has Kid's drawing vibe to it. When you walk to another screen it flips the page which gave me a weird nostalgia of Sega's Comix Zone ( not related in gameplay obviously ) It is a simple presentation and yet very powerful. Backgrounds have a bit of a surreal take which makes you wonder if the world is real. I guess you could argue that animation could be more fluid but I think it was made clunky on purpose.I am not saying this game has impressive graphics but the art style is used in a way that makes the story more impactful.Score 9/10I enjoyed this game a lot because I could relate to the story but it is not for everyone. If you usually skip text walls and looking for an actual game you probably won't like it. Journal has a good message backed up by good music, creative looks, solid writing and good atmosphere. I would estimate the length around 3 hours if you actually read it but it gives you a reason to play it twice. This game made me cry and I am not afraid to admit it.I felt that a lot of heart went into making Journal, something that only few video games get across."
,Recommended,261680,13423412,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lizita,"Worth playing through, it can give a deeper meaning of the game's intention.When it comes to game controllers, it is straight forward with arrow keys andspace bar to talk to anyone. Simple game that puts all the focus on tellig the story.It is worth enduring the dull controllers till the end.Great ending."
76561197970842337,Recommended,261680,13965672,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Brown Beard,"Brown Beard’s JournalMonday, January 12, 2015I played a short, albeit exceedingly bright & colorful visual novel today, titled ‘Journal.’ The nameless, female protagonist lost pages from her treasured journal. The adventure begins on her journey to reclaim her lost pages or so she believes.On this journey, I met her friends, parents, a love interest & other colorful folks, all in her wistful hope to locate what exactly happened to her journal pages. And surely, the pages, the words themselves start to come together. As the days pass, the journal starts to re-assemble itself.The more I learn of the life surrounding the nameless protagonist, the sadder I feel. Maybe she isn’t trying to remember at all. Maybe she wants to forget & create something anew…End of entry"
,Recommended,261680,23396971,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Journal is a narrative-driven adventure game presented in a very unique way - the game itself takes place inside a diary and while it can be found in a 3D room the stages within are presented in 2D, hand-drawn pages. As you go from one ""screen"" to another a page is turned revealing a new area. If no further progress can be made the game just puts a post-it before you to see that particular area is yet to be revealed.Basically, each chapter consists of exploring the surrounding area and conversing with the individuals encountered. The basis of the story is your protagonist's problem: suddenly, all the things she'd written down in her journal disappeared. She sets out to find answers but then the game focuses on things such as friendship, love, family issues, problems in school and things that eventually make you reminisce about your life and your childhood. Some of the conversations can feel eerily nostalgic - but then again you have to be in the right mood to play this game.The game is, unfortunately, quite short, but tells an interesting story with memorable characters and great accompanying music. Again, I would like to emphasize the presentation - this hand-drawn world with its faceless characters can be very intriguing. The only downside for me was that when I was presented with a choice during some key dialogues I did not really feel the result of my selection. These choices can be the polar opposite of one another: you can be nice to your counterpart or can hurt your relationship with that person picking a more harsh response. Still, in the end it didn't matter, at all.As much as Journal looks like a game for children it is actually for adults. It is very difficult to categorise it - to tell who it is for. I can easily imagine most people will find this uninteresting or quite the opposite - it can evoke emotions that will eventually make you uncomfortable and quit the game.Nevertheless, I like giving such games a chance and I think you'd better do the same."
,Recommended,261680,12569387,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Velvet Lerange,"A simple  little story that you could call it as ""interactive fiction"". Following the story of a young girl and her quest to fill the pages of her journal, it is well written and has a very charming appeal in the design and flow of the game. The only objection I'd have would be that its a bit too short, yet it's very nice and I'd recommend that you'd give it a go just as a reprieve from the monster slaying and portal jumping ."
76561198058182707,Recommended,261680,22188390,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Leedzie,"Was this game what I expected it to be? No. Is that a bad thing? Maybe not necessarily.I can definitely say that the game struck me on an emotional level; it pretty much nailedhow much it sucks to be in middle school, having friendships go down in flames, a parent abruptly bringing someone new into the picture, and trying to handle the loss of a loved one. It addresses how we can do stupid things in the heat of the moment and not be able to take it back or undo it, and the way that can leech onto your life going forward even if you try to make amends. It also confronts the conflict of selfishness and feeling that you're expected to perform to a certain standard but not being able (or not wanting) to satisfy it.Part of me does wish that there were more distinct consequences for each of my actions, but on some level I kind of appreciate that there aren't.One of the themes of this game is that some things just can't be changed no matter how hard you try, and I caught myself experiencing that on a personal level as I attempted a second playthrough but got similar outcomes.I still think unique consequences would've made the game better, but I don't think it's completely pointless for the game to be without it.Overall, Journal gave me a lot to think about, and even made me cry a few times because it stirred up some incidents from my own past that I too wanted to redo. The controls are a little clunky and it's a bit short, but I'd still give it a go if you're looking for something a little more contemplative. I definitely don't think this game is for everyone, but for those that get invested in a narrative, I think it's worth a play."
76561198006541362,Recommended,261680,16350326,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Journal is a very simple game that tries to give you some food for thought in regards to depression, social anxiety, loss, friendship and how things change through life.While not completely successful and lacking a certain cohesion it is still a very interesting, albeit somewhat limited, experience.PROS:-really nice art style-good classical soundtrack-touches on several interesting themes-the sudden change of mood made the last chapter very emotionalCONS:-divided between a simple, somewhat ham-fisted, storytelling in the first 4 chapters and some deep, sometimes cryptic, narration during end of the day cutscenes and day 5-pretty short and linear-when using a controller the stick feels very sensitive while choosing conversation options-I couldn't advance the ending scenes using a controller and had to fall back to keyboardhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=460228667Journal seems to be at an empasse on what it is trying to do.The first days are full of day-to-day teen problems and simple musings on the problems the character faces: the conversations are pretty simplistic and somewhat trite in dealing with how everyone feels.The cutscenes at the end of the day start as somewhat cryptic, almost philosophical takes on the feelings that were simplistically addressed during the day: story wise they are explained after the ending but I was left with the feeling that they were designed as a more detailed take on the events of the game.Without spoiling anything, the ending presents a sudden change in mood with a good sense of urgency paired with a good view on loss and the scars life puts on us: it might seem an unoriginal view overall but it was still emotionally powerful.I guess different players'd appreciate the game in different ways...people in their teens'll probably sympatize with the problems and fears the character faces but might feel the cutscenes and ending shift too much into a deep and dark territory. More mature gamers'll probably feel the daily chapers are pretty boring and unoriginal in the way they represent teen problems and will be more interested in trying to understand whether the cutscenes act as metaphors for something deeper: they'll also probably feel very connected with the ending.Despite the problems regarding its identity Journal was a meaningful experience for me, one surely worth its sale price of 2$."
76561197972401663,Recommended,261680,32098194,Posted: 31 May,all,Fire Marshal Crazy,"I can't really describe my experience with this game without spoiling it.  I find the gameplay mechanics, story, and premise mesh together into a solid presentation.  The story seems honest and emotional.I have heard some complaints about the dialog sounding like an adult trying to sound hip.  However, I find that this actually works with the story's premise."
,Not Recommended,261680,33964093,Posted: 1 August,all,Jitana_Lian,"I did think it was a lovely game with unique art work and I liked the narrative way. However the story was very slow. If you like games about school life, this may work for you. I'm really not a fan of this."
,Recommended,261680,13969107,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Spectral,"This is not a review but general information and thus should be considered to be neutral, not positive nor negative.If you are one of those people who care about a high average completion rate and card drops from a cheap game,you might want to avoid this game, because it actually gives you an achievement for idling too long in the main menu.The achievement's name is ""Weirdly Patient"" and has the following description:""Nothing better to do?""Luckily this game only has ten achievements, which means the completion rate will jump to 10%."
76561198093931397,Recommended,261680,13980481,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,missXvamp,so ok its good to play through once but that acheivement settled accounts was a♥♥♥♥♥♥take to get i spent ages and many re runs just to get that dam one. Ill be happy if i never have to play this game again lol. it has zero re playability butttt still good for a first run through
,Recommended,261680,13232142,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"A very fascinating game that puts that shows you how games can be made to create a deep story narrative. It's an example of video games being an art form to teach a narrative. It focuses on the story of a school girl who is going through her own issues, but going any deeper will be spoiling it.You go around solving the interesting mystery of your missing journal pages and though it seems you don't have too much of a issue, for some reason I felt a real disconnect with the character. I'm not sure if it's just I can't connect well with the narrative or characters, but later on I started to feel a real connection and got to understand her and what she was going through.Again I won't spoil it, but it's a experience you can only have by playing it yourself."
76561197984914446,Recommended,261680,12118224,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,shanesemler,"Interesting concept and story. If you like visual novels and story-driven (as in, you're not keen on the puzzles) adventure games, this is for you. The biggest down side it is a lack of polish.Pros: Good writing. The storybook, child-like art is really nice. Original concept, not something seen in games much.Cons: The pointless 3d UI, it's glitchy and adds nothing. The interaction is clunky. Not as polished as it could be."
,Not Recommended,261680,21159285,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SpaceLion,"I wish I could do a so-so option, because the thumbs down feels a little harsh in this case, but a full on rec wouldn't sit right with me.I'm not judging this like how I would an adventure game, first off, because that'd be unfair and also quite silly. I'm judging this purely on what it is: a walk in a person's shoes during a difficult time.As that, the way the game is done is a great concept. The carnival stories between the chapters were a great idea, and done to good effect. The every day objects ""blocking"" off places was a very cute idea. The designs, the plot itself, all of it is really interesting, again, as a concept. But in execution it just really didn't hold up for me.There just.. wasn't really enough to do. Secrets to find, optional and hidden parts of the memories as simple as earnable dialogue, would have boosted the experience considerably.Another issue is not being able to reason out the truth of anything going on with any of the events until we're told, when the avatar herself does know. Denial doesn't cause a lack of knowledge, so to use what we quite literally don't know anything about in order to Surprise us about specific actions didn't work for me. (it was, however, used to great affect for the last reveal) Maybe if she seemed surprised when it was revealed too, like if the missing journal pages manifested narratively as the avatar in the journal not knowing either until it was repaired, it would have. But I don't know.It's just.. a very good idea executed too blandly for me to recommend it freely. I don't regret buying the game, and I would probably recommend it to creative friends who'd get something from the concept on it's own, but other than that it's just... okay.4/10"
76561198030414441,Recommended,261680,23920414,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ralgaoud,"Journal is a piece of interactive ficiton about a young girl going through a troubled time. The game is divided into short chapters which focus on an event in her life. Within each chapter the girl deals with her confused feelings regarding that chapter's event and your input comes in the form of deciding between two choices that come up during dialogue: you can either respond positively or negatively. The choice doesn't seem to affect the overall outcome, but it affects how the character comes out. There is no puzzle-solving, you move from character to character, exhausting dialogue choices till the plot moves you forward.I am a bit torn on what I feel about the game. I picked all positive choices during my playthrough, and oddly enough, it felt jarring. The character is meant to be portrayed as a troubled girl, and me making her respond positively to everything felt at odds with the writer's intention and the character he is trying to portray. I didn't like the girl very much either throughout the game, whether she responded positively or negatively. The message is that she is young and troubled by events in her life, but what I percieved is the cruelty and selfishness you see in many insensitive children. Frequently through the story, we glimpse from her inner monologues that she doesn't really have any remorse for some of the things she does. Maybe it makes her more human, but it makes her less likable.Despite that, the game's psychedlic finale has been slighlty redemptive to me. The girl becomes more of a sympathetic character and the game's allegory is demystified. The music in this game (and the finale, in particular), is truly great at setting the tone.This game is so frequently on sale that it is hard not to give it a recommendation despite my mixed feelings. Playthrough is about 2 hours."
,Recommended,261680,21993723,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,acid,Journal is the most fun single palyer ofline game i reccomend it
,Recommended,261680,20512332,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Shady Boots,"A short and sweet story with an intriguing art style. Very much an Angsty Teenage Girl Simulator, but in a good way.P.S. if you decide to play this, I STRONGLY suggest starting a second playthrough after finishing your first one and unlock the secret ending. Worth it."
,Recommended,261680,22610760,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,letterboxmusic,Really enjoyed this game and the story.Played through in one sitting.
76561198080745329,Recommended,261680,22919029,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,"no mom, i said no cheerios","This game is very good! You'd think it'd be a game for children, but the story is very ineresting, The quirkiness of this title makes it fun to play."
,Recommended,261680,14056153,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jojo,"I miss you, Grandma. :<"
,Recommended,261680,18247610,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Luxurychoccie,"I bought this game on sale (£1.39, such a cheapskate I know)- and although I enjoyed the game I feel glad I bought it on offer instead of full price (£6.99)... I reckon it's worth somewhere in the middle of the two prices.The game itself has a very unique art style that grew on me quickly. I liked the main character (And her adorable beret, despite what one of the ending songs might say about them) and found the gameplay smooth with no pacing issues. I completed the whole game in one sitting, and picked up the last 2 or 3 achievements the morning after. In 2.4 hours to 100% the game it's relatively short, but hey it does good for a lazy sunday or a wind down before bed.The story itself was quite interesting, the characters were believable and it really helps to get the perspective of a chid who is going through stressful and hurtful times. I felt like the end plot twist came out of nowhere, but that was all then explained and also worked very well.Definitely pick this one up if it's on sale, or if you want some easy trading cards/achievements. :)"
,Recommended,261680,13967104,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,⟣wolfmurphy⟢,"It is aptly named, for as I was about to write ""I read the reviews after playing and I realized unlike many I bought into the journey of the game"", I had to stop myself.The non-linearity fits with the story. I appreciate it more now that it is several hours after playing it through. The shadow theater at the end of each day is resonating through me.It is a great game in a similar way that ""Ordinary People"" is a great movie."
,Recommended,261680,14183483,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,AllieRiots,"Cool little game, really quick.  Very straightforward, easy achievements to get.  Doozy of an ending."
,Recommended,261680,14200404,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"This is not a game for everyone.This short and most of the time you have just to walk around and talk to people, that's all. While I was playing it I missed the acting voice of all characters since only the journal's fragments have this feature. I think that acting voice should be all over the game.Despite this I liked the story, the graphics and the achievements. If you like graphic novels, perhaps you should try this."
,Recommended,261680,25328481,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"Short, choose-your-own-adventure-ish type game. As with many indie games, this one has a heavy ending that slaps you in the face with drama. Sometimes that works, sometimes not. Here, it works.I say ""choose your own adventure"" but that's not quite right. You don't really influence the story outcome that I can tell, at least in any significant way. I'd have to do a second playthrough to know for sure, so take that for what it is.The game and artwork are as presented in the screenshots - you play the role of a girl with missing journal pages, and the story itself fills out over time as you learn more about what is going on.Gameplay-wise, I only ran into one bug: when streaming, the gamepad would not work on my Steam Link unless I unplugged the gamepad from my streaming machine. Once done, it was fully playable with the gamepad.The story is more interesting than it first lets on. I did have an urge to stop early on because it seemed a bit dull, but I'm glad I stuck it out. As time went on, I thought ""hey, I'm playing a truly bad girl who doesn't realize she's bad"". I would frequently be given choices that were, in a manner of speaking, all bad choices. That would have been a unique twist, but it wasn't the full story. In the end, it all made sense and I'm glad I stuck to it. My only complaint, I suppose, is that the game did feel a bit repetitive and long for what little gameplay and story there is.This may not be everyone's cup of tea, but it was a nice change of pace for me. Recommended 3 out of 5."
,Recommended,261680,25454352,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Torco,"meh... it's not bad, in fact it's quite good, nice story. it's not a long game, it wouldn't have been at all hard to have it fully voice-acted, all in all it lacks polish and production value, but i gather it's from a rather indie team so i guess it can be understood. if you like narrative non-games this one is an adequate offering."
,Recommended,261680,32800404,Posted: 25 June,all,Ciarre,"It didn't take very long to finish, but it was a pretty moving experience. I found myself a little annoyed with the protagonist, but the beauty of this game is that you can make her repent and own up to her experiences, or make her a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,261680,30235945,Posted: 27 February,all,Saint iGNUcius,"I think explaining the mechanics of the game is SPOILERS, but many of the negative reviews talk about them anyway, so here are my thoughts:Many of the choices in the game will seem irritating to people who are used to games granting them agency. Similar to Bioshock Infinite, the point here is that the player character has no agency in the situations affecting her, or even in how she reacts. The player is not in complete control of the main character: she is not even in complete control of herself. The best you can do is ride the waves.Making decisions based on incomplete information seems unfair. I think this could have been an interesting mechanical framing if it had been driven home harder in the narrative expositions: if it had been made clear that the narrator was changing her mind, and not writing the whole truth.This game was an interesting experiment, and while it left me frustrated immediately after finishing the experience, I'm starting to come around to it a few hours later."
,Not Recommended,261680,21115965,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Acinonyx,"I've just finished this game. And i have mixed feelings. In this game you are taking role of young girl, who has diary, has problems, etc. First day (the story is divided into 5 days), you can walk around a little bit, talk to 3 people. So far, so good, and i was trying to pay attention to dialogues, names, also choices while talking to those people. Second day, new locations are available, with more people (every day will add new locations and new people). Yeah, you can see the relationship between them, you can interact with them, but nothing really matters. Your ""choices"" can change only few lines of text, nothing more. And in the end, none of those interactions really matters. It is there just to fill some time, or just to show you that girl has some serious problems. But those problems are actually nothing to worry about, everybody has some problems in his life. What is really important in this game, is actually Day 5, the last ""chapter"" of this game. Change of atmosphere will tell you that something is not right, your mum will send you to a special place, and you will uncover the truth. The main problem of our protagonist. Well, the ending was really hard and strong, and also started some processes in my head (because as i said, everybody has some problems, and i have some now), but after finishing game, i realize that most of the game was useless, and it should not be there as it gives you nothing. But yeah, without content, it would be more shorter, and also price would be lower, and maybe that's why developers put everything in. I don't know, it is already short enough (and ask 10 euros for that is really ridiculous, real gametime is around 2-3 hours. Yes, i have 6 hours on record, because i actually fell asleep for a moment).But let's summarize it. Soundtrack is not bad, it is actually good, even as backround music, it helps to create the right atmosphere. The controls, well, you need only 3 keys (space, <- and -> ). Animations, well, there are not any real animations, maybe those ""carneval"" things (short stories between the days, not really related to protagonist - maybe a little). Hmm, graphics. You can see screenshots from the game, that's all. It is probably hand-drawn, so it does not look bad, but as i said, there are no real animations, so it feels cheap. And for 10 euros, it is really sad. I know, it is an indie game, but still.There are also some achievements (i've got most of them after first ending, but for 1-2 achievements, you have to play game again. And as there are zero replayability, you can just ignore dialogs), and also trading cards, if anybody interested. But you can't buy that soundtrack. As i am looking at game's price, i don't want to see soundtrack's price (it would be probably 10 euros too).I don't know, i still don't think it is a good game for 10 euros. Maybe 2-4 euros at max, but no more. So if you want this game, you'd better pick it on sale (-75% or even -87%, then the price is right and that's when i can recommend this game). I still have that bad feeling that developers just wanted to grab money from people, who loves these kind of games, especially with that description about ""A journey through the life of a young and troubled girl as she tries to face up to the choices and responsibilities that come with childhood. An experience that questions the reliability of how we choose to remember events and explores the truths hidden within our dreams."". Well, yes, it is there, they are not lying, but i was expecting something more, that's all. I am not saying that this have to be same for everybody, it is just my feeling about it. I have played much better adventure games, with better stories, gameplay, soundtrack, etc, and for less money. And only good thing about this game is just that ending, which nobody sees coming, because the game keeps it as an secret. It will show it to you only at the end. I don't know, do as you want, it is your money :) I just wanted to warn you, as lot of people (80% of them) are recommending this. Maybe they can see something special about this abstract game, or it just helped them in hard times. Yeah, maybe. But there are many alternatives :) Just saying."
,Recommended,261680,10992037,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,aklab,"For a game that took under two hours to experience, this was remarkably well-done. I may have spent 1% of the time in Journal that I did in Skyrim, but I have a feeling that these characters and this story will stay with me for just as long.It's hard to say what the game is about without ruining the experience. Journal won't test your reflexes or puzzle-solving ability. The game is difficult. Which isn't to say it's hard to win -- it's difficult in that it forces you to grapple with a very personal and affecting story.Highly recommended if you're into interactive narratives that couldn't be accomplished in any other medium. Beautiful soundtrack."
,Recommended,261680,18359403,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,hooblydoobly,"Surprisingly Refreshing and I enjoyed the simplistic art styles, and the story immensely. Grief can make us do crazy things, and I began to understand the main character towards the end of the story."
,Recommended,261680,23851403,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NaturalFlirtGamer,"As I started to play Journal, I thought it would be just a quick VN about a typical angsty teenage girl ""growing up"".  Instead I found a story of a girl experiencing multi-faceted emotional distress who, instead of directing her anger inward to be a more sympathetic character, raged against the world and acted out.  By the end of her story though, I was in tears.   Admittedly, I am kind of a sentimental slob anyway, but her situation hit home to me, I think because of the strength of the writing, dialogue choices, and art that were all beautifully done.  The music also enhanced my journey through the game.   A journey I'm glad I took."
,Recommended,261680,15195986,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"The story is surprisingly well-written, and the art style fits it well.  Even the music is really good.When the game claims to be narrative driven, take its word.  It is.  If that sounds terrible to you, you're probably not going to like it.  It's also a story about a terrible time in the life of someone at an age where she's already predisposed to be a terrible person.  It's not a fun story.  But it's a GOOD story.The game also features a second, hidden ending which turns self-deprectating humor into an art form.  Took me by surprise, but it was delightful."
76561198073600298,Recommended,261680,18322613,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Legacy,"Follow a troubled teen who is trying to remember how her journal got erased, and fill in the blanks by just being alive.It's a visual novel if thats what you were wondering. No puzzles or anything to worry about. This means its very slow paced and relaxed, good for casual play.Simple controls, this casual game follows a young woman talking to friends, family and strangers to fill her journal with the missing information. Atleast, that what your objective starts out as.The art is simple and colourful, easy on the eyes and suits the game very well.Soon after finding your journal blank, you begin finding trouble and relationships are pushed. Depending on certain things you say, characters will treat you differently.The story seems to lose its focus and gets slightly confusing, having philosophical meanings and other behind the seen interpretations. It can be boring for the first 30 minutes or so until you get into the game and start progressing much faster. Has plenty of dialogue. Lots of reading too.Its easy, its casual and its simple.Grab it when its on sale, cause the price is pretty high for the very short 2 hour length and zero replayability. 10$ is incredibly overpriced. I got it on a 80% sale for 2$, I say do the same.Personal Rating: 2.5/5"
76561197967654397,Recommended,261680,17536171,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lakrits,Great interactive story
,Recommended,261680,10478103,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,SoggyWarmPockets,"Interactive fiction at its finest. A beautiful, haunting story; wonderfully told. One of the few ""games as art"" titles that doesn't feel pretentious. I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198043961263,Recommended,261680,9242309,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dice,"Not a game to the letter, but more an interactive story.  If you like reflecting upon your life and digging for something a little deeper, or just likes a good feels trip, this is for you."
,Recommended,261680,9285467,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Journal is an incredibly personal story that reflects upon life’s greater themes through the eyes of someone who is not yet equipped to deal with them. The concepts are great however the game falls short of delivering a good experience with the main character obliterating any sense of relatability early on and the story remaining utterly confusing until the very end. Journal is a game that I want to like a lot more than I do but it’s incredibly hard to look past the faults even if the story will strike a chord with many of us. I bought Journal on the back that it was made by the man behind Kairo and, honestly, I can only recommend you do the same if you are also a fan.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/02/28/journal-an-emotional-coming-of-age/"
,Recommended,261680,12918603,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vekter,"I recommend this title but ONLY IF YOU READ MY WHOLE REVIEW.The protaginist and story are unenjoyable until about 80% through the approximately one hour long story. The art style convinced me to buy this but it didn't look that good during the actual game. There are no rebindable keys or real options besides resolution and fullscreen.With that being said, the remaining 20% of the game brings much needed character development to the protaginist as well as some of the other characters. The ending makes up for the beginning part of the game and is worth a purchase (unless you like angsty teenage drama, then you will like the whole thing)."
,Recommended,261680,11142980,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tenniscrazy,"This is a very strange game.  When I first started I thought that it was a game with a decent narrative that was very poorly executed.  You end up being confused and it seems like information that can even seem irrelevant is being shoved at you in the wrong order.  It turns out that this is exactly what Journal is trying to accomplish.I think that if you go into this game with an open mind, try not to play it like an RPG but rather an experiencial narrative, and know that everthing that seems confusing is intentional, It's possible that it will bring you a very personal and emotional experience that only certain Indie games are wont to do.  To the Moon is the other game that comes to mind as a personal and emotional journey, although the two are drastically different in execution; just like To the Moon it is best to play this game in one sitting so as to experience the entity as an undisected whole.I don't guarantee that you will love this game, but take a chance and you just might.  It's definitely not for everybody, but if you enjoy the Indie narrative subgenre(or adventure game without the obsessive clicking as I like to think of it), I would suggest giving it a try."
,Recommended,261680,16125254,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Muso,"I think Journal was pretty good, even though the character wasn't the best, she was still relatable at points, in my opinion. It did confuse me at points as well, but all in all it had a nice story. I also rather liked the side part with the homeless man. (You'll know what I'm talking about if you talked to him multiple times through out the game I believe) I'd rate this an 8.5/10. The gameplay is nice, and the story is also pretty good. Most everything is good besides the parts where you go into her 3D room, I found that a bit unpleasant on the eyes. I also did not see the point of the circus stories, but they were still interesting."
,Not Recommended,261680,14193545,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[10-4] sunf1re96,"Had to quit after 5 minutes.  The dialogue is rough and boring.  Couldn't get the controls to work, so I wasn't able to move up or down. Bad game."
,Not Recommended,261680,13142470,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Deisophia,"Journal was fairly disappointing.The attempt to create a plausible yet unreliable narrative character is a rather difficult accomplishment, and Journaljustdidn't manage to get it right. Firstly she constantly tells you what she is doing wrong, there's no guessing the ambiguity of her statements and the final twist to the tale, comes as completely unexpected, there are no hints, or eureka moments of ""Oh this is why they included that!"" In short the game does not encourage reflection, or analysis, it (like so much other modern material from films to books) hamfists you with the truth it wants you to realise rather than allowing an individual interpretation, or playing to multiple meanings through ambiguity. This is no more clearly recognised than when the characters speak in a sequence of randomized letters, that conveys their dialogue without conveying meaning. It's an opt out of revealing subtle clues to the player and feels lazy on the part of the writers rather than illustrating her mental blocks or incapacity to handle her situation.The art style is very childlike, in fact it seemed a bit too childlike considering the adolescent phase the protagonist is portrayed as going through. Yet it has a certain charm, the blurring lines of movement, the overall conceit of playing or moving her through her life as she writes her diary is clever, and the transferral of blocking objects to background desk additions after each daily diary entry is completed are innovative.The support characters are completely unoriginal, from a stay-at-home Mother, who does nothing, to the cliched cast of school characters, it again felt somewhat lazy on the part of the writers, not one character feels truly original or effectively offsets the protagonist, so that her character is actually revealed, not even her selfish interactions with her primary friend Elena as this is contradicted by her opposite interactions with others.As an unreliable narrator we would expect her opinions and interactions with others to be offset by  actual scenarios in the game, but this does not occur at any point. It is also not helped by the stereotypical character designs employed to illustrate these other people, faceless or not. We are shown her perspective and all the events tie in to her persepctive rather than show her to be a delusional liar, which would make far more sense considering the psychological condition of denial they attempt to portray her as being in.The bridging story of the Carnival, intrigued me at first, although I cringed through the monotone of the male voice-over narrator for these parts. I wondered at first at the symbolic significance that they were attempting to use with the portrayal of the carnival, and although it does serve this in a minor capacity the ultimate integration of the carnival into the main storyline, simply destroyed any symbolic function it could have served and denigrated it into a literal truth.The gameplay itself is fairly smooth and reliable, and area transitions occur quickly without any long delays or interruptions allowing the story to continue at a fairly rapid pace. The only issue is that once the story is completed there isn't much replay value, as interactions don't seem to affect the outcome at all, in fact the only reason to replay would be to try achieve a 100% completion of achievements. In short there is not much longevity to the title.Overall I don't recommend Journal, it's not as poor as I make it out above, but neither is it actually good. In short it is fairly average title, without replayability that means you're probably better off spending your money on another title or buying this only when it's on sale."
76561198078365202,Not Recommended,261680,13177810,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,IceAriE,"Very hard decision, But 51% of me would not recommend this game.I don’t want to spoil the game, but for me, at the start, it's normal to get confused in games or stories, ""it'll make sense later on, don't worry!""(What I said to myself). But in the middle to the near end, I was still confused about the divorce, in fact, it was only until the middle-end I found out it was a divorce(I was that confused) and had to infer to figure out that the protagonist’s mum cheated on her father with John(I think that was his name, but he was a farmer guy).But maybe that’s just the 12ive perspective. Speaking about that, when you had to make the decisions, I had to search up some of the words so i knew i was making the right decisions: /.I had especially been confused with the about the carnival cut scenes. At first, I thought they were like her dreams(since the cut scenes would start when she came home and a new day would start after them) and then I thought of them having a meaning into what you would choose, like you had to learn a lessons from the cut scenes to be successful in the game. I turns out *Minor SPOILER* that it wasn’t something random, but it was to intensify the happy place the carnival was before the closing. But what i hated the most about this game, was the fact that it was intentionally un-organised. The creator told you a major event at the very end of the game, to show you how cowardly she/he was, and how she didn’t want to face it, and ran away from her past. This part made me think and say to myself ""This game was telling everyone how depressed she was, as she lived a life of a girl who chose so many wrong mistakes in her early life and causing various problems, but most importantly, showing everyone how she ran away from everything. But at least the moral was to not end up like her, so selfish and heartless.""On the bright side, this game had an art style that I wish more games were like, which lead me to why i bought the game. I also liked the idea of the creator making us the troublesome protagonist, because was it not only unique, but interesting in a way that it would make us feel irritated and regrettable in the decisions that we were forced to play with, so we could see the creator view in wishing we would regret the actions done.Overall, I think this game would be a nice game for people who want to play a different game, a game where you will lose, possibly feel heart-stuck(if your a softie like me) and have most of the storyline make sense at the very, bitter, end. By this game in like the Christmas/summer sales if you are up for the experience."
76561197999470590,Not Recommended,261680,26254557,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rolepole,"I got this because I really liked The White Chamber, a game by the same developer which I downloaded free more than a decade ago. This is not bad. It deals quite well with some issues in the mind of a troubled child but the gameplay is very tame and overall it can't quite justify a positive."
76561198205806601,Not Recommended,261680,28304887,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Alphabetes,"If you think that Life is strange is annoying, then do not play this game. Beacause I thought it's more annoying than that.But have to addmit the art style is good and the ♥♥♥♥♥ idea is pretty exelent...I just can not appriciate high school story and all relationship and other stuff.And, do we really can understand the montage in the game???"
76561198053326951,Not Recommended,261680,12072771,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,DD,"This game was a little too confusing for my taste. I didn't know what was going on most of the time, and then♥♥♥♥♥♥started to hit the fan. I wanted to end the game to judge the whole story, but it just didn't add up for me. The twist was just so random and didn't have anything to do with the rest of it. Not to me, anyway.I personally didn't like the artstyle or the shadow theater part, but some people might love it. The characters felt shallow and I found it really hard to choose the right dialouge option. The voiceacting was nice though.I have definitely played worse games, but I didn't enjoy it that much to be honest. 4/10, Catherine needs a beating."
,Not Recommended,261680,17328448,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,geruczek,"Didn't really care for this game. Story or characters didn't engage me. Voice acting was unconvincing. Animation, whilst I understand was going for a certain style, wasn't to my liking."
76561198104807195,Recommended,261680,18285257,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Audcam,If you like feeling the things this game is for you!
,Not Recommended,261680,14106197,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tsundere Supp,"I want to recommend this game, I really do, but the gameplay detracts from the story too much to actually make me want to tell someone to sit down and play it through. First off I bought this game for maybe $2 on a steam sale. It was something I'd seen a few times and passed up because it didn't look like my type of visual novel. But it was; it was just executed poorly. First off your decisions barely matter. Only if you want the losing a friend achievement does it matter what you choose along the way (and I just so happened to toss myself down that road in my first playthrough) and even then losing a friend doesn't change the outcome. The ending is pretty much disjointed from every event along the way. Sure the ending explains her rotten mood, but the ending is more of a 'this is why I'm acting so sour' kind of backstory than it is 'these are the consequences of my actions' which is what you would expect a series of choices to lead you to. I could live with that (even though the completionist in me wants to truck through and read all the dialogue for every option) if it was the only downside of the game.What really gets me though is not the lack of options in the game. It's the feel of the world itself. The MCs voice is very nice and I can appreciate the music of the game, but switching from page to page is a bit of a headache. The pages seem to shift in a very awkward manner looking like it's flickering between the two pages before you finally settle on the second screen and half of the time the MC jumps when she gets there. If she was at the edge of the screen when it was flickering all of a sudden she's in a middle as if the game was trying to disorient you. Day 3 was the worst of it due to a bug that can jump you into the journal pages of Day 5 (except you can't interact with anyone and then you get kicked out of it and think you were doing something wrong and kicked yourself out of Day 3's plot). Overall I felt like I was tussling with the journal pages more than working with it to immerse myself in a story line.On top of the bad scene transitioning is the disjointed day transitioning. Each day ends with a screen shift into what looks like a puppet show telling you a 'story' that is supposed to connect with the main story line. On most days it feels as though the author of the game forgot where we was going with the story and abruptly cut it short before the final conclusion. At first it seems like an isolated event, but once you get to the end of the game you realize that the end of day stories are like most things, cut off without a proper end. There is never an explanation of the package, or her grandmother's behavior, characters like Heather are briefly mentioned and treated as if they'd been there since day one but are really never there at all. The whole incident with John is never flat out explained either-- it's the only piece of the plot that it seems as if the author purposely avoided saying and yet it is the only piece that you can logically draw a conclusion to because everybody knows what really happened.On top of that the game forces achievement hunters to go back through day one all over again looking for a secret ending that adds no depth to the story at all. As if the gameplay wasn't frustrating enough the first time they developers make us take a motion sickening gander across day one all over again to try and 'cheer us up' with a whole bunch of nothing.If you get it on sale, the story (despite it's holes) is cute and will leave you feeling a little heavy, and the achievements are easy to get if that's all you're looking for, but the interface and scene changes just aren't worth the story in my opinion."
76561198046052299,Recommended,261680,10699580,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,patiencevirtue,"This game was surprising; I didn't think that it would get me quite the way it did, but I really got into the story and it was absolutely moving. I loved it, and I highly reccommend the game."
76561198133405124,Not Recommended,261680,17292282,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Zels3000,"Not worth the full price, maybe when it is on sale.Nothing really makes this game stand out from other similar point and click story games.The story is simple (in a bad way), same with the artwork.In some spots the plot made a jump so I had to assume what had happened, making the story difficult to understand (assuming I didnt miss any conversations).4/10Mediocre at best"
,Recommended,261680,18298245,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Anakins Floorwalker,I'm not sure how to feel about this....
76561198162134425,Not Recommended,261680,13778788,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,marycvanburen,"The game is kind of terrible- the choices don't really spell out what your response will be, so often your character is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you don't mean to be. Also, your character makes terrible decisions and the game doesn't tell you. For example, your character breaks a window, and blames it on thier friend. The game doesn't even indicate this, so I offered to talk to an adult and find out who did did it, and, surprise, it was you all along!  The game does something similiar with a stolen snow globe. Frankly, it's annoying. On a side note, the art is lackluster and the ending tries too hard to be deep.I bought this game for $2 and I still regret the purchase a little."
,Recommended,261680,11760425,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Protectin369,"The premise is cool, but the game's just bland. You can beat this in one session(for those of you thinking 'OH GOD HE HAS SO MANY HOURS LOGGED ON IT SUCH A HYPOCRITE' well i actually just left it up after falling asleep, which, for this game, isn't exactly a strongpoint since I found sleeping more appealing than finishing it.), and get all the achievements fairly easy. There's a twist that really captured the true potential of this game, and I admire the idea and concept behind it. Alas, it falls short of expectations by just being...Very dull, I guess. If you're looking into buying this, get it when it's on sale. I got it for like, 1.99-2.50 or something, so it's not that big of a waste, but I have to say....It's not worth 10 dollars. It's a good game, the elements are in place, but it just falls too short to be worth 10 dollars."
,Recommended,261680,12095786,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,OptimisticRayofSunshine,I love the simplicity of the game and the music is awesome! Quirky and odd and very artsy! I love it!
,Recommended,261680,10649342,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,raine173,"First and foremost, this isn't a game. It's a series of stories that involve intteraction to progress. If you view this as something to be played, then you won't find anything interesting here. However, if you view this as a story, an experience, then you will come away with, hopefully, at least a few feels.I thought this was quite good actually. A small gem if you go into with an open mind, and not the expectation of it being some kind of action packed, super graphics, baby you the whole way kind of game. And yes, you have to read a lot."
,Recommended,261680,12044128,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Mike,"A short, simple, minimalist 2D adventure. Nothing mind-blowing, but worth a laid-back two-hour playthrough."
,Recommended,261680,30990016,Posted: 6 April,all,anskotomov,Don't expect much in the way of gameplay but I found it an interesting way to spend a couple hours as a storytelling experience.
76561198109757877,Recommended,261680,32753731,Posted: 24 June,all,StitchedHeart,"This game was so good. It wasn't long but it really made me feel all different kinds of emotions. I would recommend anyone to buy this game, it was just so good."
,Recommended,261680,19476581,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,phillyx42,"After playing through game a few times and exploring different angels of the story I have to admit I really enjoyed the experience. I was actually surprised at the different plot twists that came up throughout the game. I have seen people express a dislike in the abruptness of the ending but honestly when you get there, I don’t think anything else needs to be said. Because the game is so quick and short I am glad I was able to snag it on a sale. So active that watch feature in Steam and see if you can catch it on a sale because not sure if I would suggest buying it full price.See my full review of the entire game:http://www.confidentgamers.com/a-look-at-journal-the-visual-novel/"
,Recommended,261680,12908152,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"Bought it because I thought Kairo was a trip and wanted to see what else this team had made.  This is only like kairo in that you move around the tiny town they put you in, in stages, over the course of several days.No spoilers, but the story was better than expected with some twists thrown in.  It is short, about 2 hours, but I got it on sale... best way to get it.  7/10"
,Not Recommended,261680,24958727,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ashlex,Interesting game. Unique however the choices typically don't matter as the results were the same. Sad and touching story.
,Not Recommended,261680,13489323,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,longarms,"This game was actually somewhat frustrating for me to play. Maybe this experience is my own, and nobody else has had any of these problems, but I felt that I should share nonetheless. The story is definitely the most appealing part of the game, but the design behind it is really lacking. Most of it is played through text, and sometimes you'll have to respond to what people have to say. You'll normally be given a couple of choices. Sometimes it's hard to know what choice you pick is going to result in what actually happens. The options are sometimes just vague one word descriptors, and aren't the easiest to follow as to what your character is going to do or say next. This isn't like Mass Effect where it'll give you a diagrahm showcasing which ones are your good and bad choices, which makes it a lot easier to know which route your going in the game. Instead, the options in this game are placed right next to each other with no kind of color indication or anything to specify which one's your 'good' choice, and which one's your 'bad' choice. Maybe I'm just spoiled by how other games have designed their games, but it felt like there could have bee some kind of implementation of that in this.This game also has its fair share of backtracking. You have to talk to everyone (or at least it feels like you have to talk to everyone) if you want to advance the game, and sometimes if you do things out of order (like I guess I must have done...?) then this results in you going around and talking to EVERYBODY AGAIN and going through all the dialogue options AGAIN until you finally find the right person you needed to talk to. Even then sometimes it feels as if you have to talk to some of the characters twice, because for some reason it seems as if there was a dialogue option that wasn't there the first time, unless I'm just mistaken.Also, there was a point in the game where I made a mistake in my choices, but I couldn't go back because the game doesn't have a save system. You can't save and load from wherever you want, instead the game saves and loads based on checkpoints. It would have taken me a few minutes to get back and make the change I wanted by replaying that certain section, but if the game utilized a normal save system, that mistake easily could have been avoided.There was also this strange graphical glitch where the entirety of the text was replaced with these rotating and shifting characters that looked like the text was glitching out to the n'th degree. I don't know if this was intentional or not, but it happened in a few areas of the game, and with dialogue that I don't think I was supposed to miss, so it must have been some kind of glitch. Game breaking, no, but definitely something that was very confusing, and ultimately just led to more frustration.All in all, this game feels very sloppy and poorly designed which broke my immersion into it about halfway through. This made me frustrated and not really care much about the story, which is what the game is all about. Don't get me wrong, I'm fine if a game is all story (I loved Gone Home), but this art style and engine were not the best route to accomplish the story they wanted to tell. There could have been a much better way to tell this story. Overall, if you think the game looks like it has an interesting story, pick it up when it's cheap. Otherwise, give this one a pass."
76561198120925185,Recommended,261680,9496467,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,weirdo.teea,This game is so exciting! That is just my oppion!  U should play this game! :)
76561198086571693,Recommended,261680,9742770,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,SeaweedHopper,Fantastic game. Without a doubt one of the deepest storylines in its genre. 95/100. Would reccomend.
,Recommended,261680,10400124,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,riverbed,"If you want to be severely affected by a feeling of overwhelming sadness for a while definitely play this through. Really a beautiful game, though."
76561198041430878,Recommended,261680,12884852,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Grinner,A very immersive story. I cared about almost all of the characters and the art goes a long way. I would definitely recommend this as a good way to spend the better part of a sleepless night. Play when exhausted but restless.
,Not Recommended,261680,17153882,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gothichen,The story is boring and makes you wanna sleep.The art is so-so.There's nothing in this game attracts me. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,261680,13172166,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,UnbelievableCat,Absolutely not
,Recommended,261680,12466515,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Hitchet,Gone Homein 2D cartoon world. Another unusual girl's story.6/10
,Not Recommended,261680,14009444,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,lunaaluxor,Not satisfying. Mediocre.
,Recommended,261680,31598104,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,261680,21902249,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rendition,"Short, simple game with a compelling narrative. Worth it if you get it on sale :)"
76561198088465314,Not Recommended,261680,20885036,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Biha,"I was very interested in this game when I read the reviews and heard about story in the game, but as I went on, I realized that the story is something very personal(as if it already happened) and you don't really have choice over what the character do, I think what goes in the journal is the only difference and the game felt like a book, I couldn't finish the game because I lost too much interest in the process.I really liked the soundtracks, but the game itself wasn't my style."
,Recommended,261680,19898929,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lime11,"I'm not really sure what to say about this game. I feel like I should probably wait a day or two before writing this review, but if I do that, the emotional charge that's in me will go away.First of, this isn't a puzzle game. Or even a game really. It's an interactive story with dialouge choices along the way. Some of these choices (or maybe even most of them) don't really hold much consequence and most of the results are quite predictable. This isn't a problem however. It's the moment that you make the choice that really matters. You sit there weighing the options next to eachother, knowing fully well what will happen when you choose either one. Just like in real life.Nearly all of the choices we make in life feel predictable to ourselves. We understand that when we lie, either someone will discover the truth or we will be wondering whether or not someone will discover the truth for the rest of our lives. Once we actually follow through with the lie howerver, we constantly think about what would of happened if we told the truth.Which, in my humble opinion, is this game's greatest strength. It makes all of the choices feel like choices that we one day could make ourselves, and shows us how people may or may not react to those choices. I found it to be extremely compelling.The story it's self is quite uninteresting, particularly the first two days. It comes across as rather uninspired and pointless and I was rather underwhelmed. Keep in mind while trudging through it, that it is actually pretty important and you should pay attention. Although I found it rather dull, it's quite complex and the characters come across as quite relatable and human. You'll know someone just like nearly everyone you meet in this game.Something also needs to be said about the art style and music. Although it's nothing that would drop a jaw, it suits the mood and story very well. The world looks and feels tense, which makes the later parts of the plot seem much more interesting. The whole game you're wondering why everything is so depressing and dim until you finally reach the ending where everything falls nicely into place, bringing forth understanding for certain design choices.This game isn't for everyone. Not even for most. There are no puzzles or gameplay, only walking around and making choices. But the choices themselves are what made this game worth it for me. I sat in this chair at the end thinking about why I do what I do and considering the effect these choices are having on other people. If you're looking for an experience similar to the one I just described, then I heartely recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,261680,20301681,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SoUnDoLe,While this game still has few rough edges (unsurprising given the small development team) it is definitely worth experiencing. A look into a character's attempts to cope with grief in a really pleasant artistic presentation.
76561198148587737,Recommended,261680,20616290,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Brendiux,"This game is a work of art, I enjoyed the story thoroughly and the art was extremely pleasant to look at. Nevertheless, I recommend you to buy this game on sale since is kind of short, I finished it in 2 hours, so even though it's a beautiful game that will absolutely make you FEEL, it's also extremely short."
,Recommended,261680,20616307,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Chanandler Bong,This game is a really wonderful game which is simple with an attractive story too and also relaxing game.10/10 for the story and the relaxing music !
76561198193267527,Recommended,261680,20620639,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Wingsman,"A moving game, great soundtrack."
,Recommended,261680,20348676,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,STIG,"Quite good for what it is. The story is essential to these kind of niche games and that is pulled off with bravado here. Graphics and sound are ok and the UI is terrible, but the story about how subjective memories really are is interesting to follow and untangle. Well worth its time. At a sale price."
,Recommended,261680,20459086,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,lethargilistic,"I enjoyed the overall story and think it captured the confusion of being a child well. I was less enchanted by the vague choice descriptions that I think were somewhat misleading. For instance, When Iset Keith up with Anne, I chose supportive options, but the main character was half-hearted and obviously regretted what she had done. She regretted it more openly thanshe regretted breaking a window and blaming her friend, and that disconnect between me and her was very jarring because it was something I never would have regreted in any way. But, then, maybe that was the point, since she was not a blank slate."
,Not Recommended,261680,20513037,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,giamic,"Journal is not a video game, there is no actual ""game"" involved: no puzzles, no skills required, no choices. It is just a mildly long story -  nearly 3 hours - that unfolds as one clicks endlessly the same button and travels the same places.The story is not great either: It starts in a terrible way and gets mildly more interesting as it approaches the end. However, dialogues are quite boring and sometimes they feel inconsistent.Journal could probably be transformed into a decent comic book, but it is not a good video game. This is somehow sad to realize, because it seems to me that the game means a lot to its authors for personal reasons."
,Recommended,261680,20533338,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,billy scranner,"Journal is a game that can't be fully explained with words on a review page. It is a game that's better to experience for yourself. Just to be sure that someone wanting to buy the game is reading this, I will include no spoilers whatsoever.The summary of the game states: ""Enter the pages of the hand painted world of Journal. A journey through the life of a young and troubled girl as she tries to face up to the choices and responsibilities that come with childhood. An experience that questions the reliability of how we choose to remember events and explores the truths hidden within our dreams.Journal is a narrative driven adventure game by Richard Perrin, the creator of Kairo and the white chamber, with art and writing by Melissa Royall.""Well, it certainly is everything stated right there. This game is something that hits hard with reality. It doesn't put anything unrealistic or stupid in it, but rather truthful and depressing subjects that hit hard with many who play it.The story, the ending and the characters are all brilliant! The only thing holding this game back (Which lots of people have mentioned already) are the slippery controls. You know every ice level EVER on a platform game? Where you're sliding all over the place and the controls are so sensitive? That's this game for the entire thing. But after about an hour into the game, I stopped paying attention to the slippery controls and fell in love with the story. Another con would also be that the games too short for a $10 game on Steam. I got this on sale for $1.39 and it was a bloody bargain.If you, the reader, aren't aware of my rating system it goes like this.BURN IT! (1-2/10)Refund it politely then wonder why you ever played this game (3-4/10)Buy it if it's on sale (5-6/10)Buy it anytime and complete it (7-8)BUY IT THEN REPLAY IT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN! (9-10/10)So, this game is totally worth buying and it only take 3 hours to complete, but I think you should probably get it on a sale. This game also has a secret ending so, there's more for you.I rate this game 6.5 depressed children out of 10."
,Recommended,261680,20574791,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Blaze,"This game sat in my library for a few months. I totally forgot why I bought this game, and got distracted I guess.Anyway, while alone for a short time, I finally decided to see it.I was happy with what I found, and I wish I had played it sooner.I guess what was so interesting about this game to me was the themes of a child growing up, and family torn apart by distrust and loss. I come from a normal family, unbroken by divorce or any loss of close relatives or family. Even more so, I know people who do suffer such experiences, and I try to console them, like any person would, but never understand what they're feeling. When I played this game, I actually got a small look into that experience, that loneliness, that confusion and frustration. I can never understand that, and I can never help anyone like that in any meaningful way. But playing this game, I feel I have gained a new level of empathy for those families.Thank you for the game. 10/10"
76561198014925817,Recommended,261680,20589487,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kisuke,immersive and very powerful
76561198022301786,Recommended,261680,20552080,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,sillylittlepixie,"An interesting take on interactive story telling. Journal is an insight into the usually flawed way that people remember, or choose to remember, their lives."
,Recommended,261680,20595415,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Vee,Such a beautiful game. Filled with heartache. Never the less a truly beutiful work of art.Thank you to Locked Door Puzzle for creating this game.Please create a prequal or sequal :)
76561198101497350,Not Recommended,261680,17605289,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MrSeaBlue3 (Is that him?),"It's a good game talking about the death of a loved one and how other people would just put it off as if it was nothing.  The game itself wasn't the most interesting though, but it sure made a surprising end.  It's not worth it for the cost, but it's good if you got it on sale."
76561198116175145,Recommended,261680,23275140,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ElizaJane,"You play this game feeling you must have control because you ARE the main charactor and you get to decide what she decides to say, to a certain extent. You soon see you have little control over her actions, however, and its confusing and a bit frustrating to try and understand why she doesn't seem to listen to you as you play as her. The game is a fairly eye opening symulation that makes sense only at the very end. Its short and simple with a few extra acheivments.  On sale, I believe it was totally worth it."
,Recommended,261680,23285076,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chameleon,"10/10 beautiful game, makes u rethink bout life. i dunno why, anyway gr8 game m8"
,Recommended,261680,23236457,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[DUFF] die Gurke,A strong story which keeps you uncertain about the situation the main character is in until the end! I highly recommend this game if you want to be on the edge of you seat until its end!
,Recommended,261680,23413305,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Lyrian,Heartbreaking and beautiful all in one.
,Recommended,261680,13114405,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nightingale,"At first I was like ""oh great, another indie game which looks so artsy and nothing more...""Bluntly, I judged the book by it's cover first until I tried it out. First, it haven't made me to suck in it, but later on, the story did managed to dig up feelings towards itself until the point where we could say, this isn't just a game, but something more. And at the end, it shocks the player by it's plot twist.The background looks nice, the child's drawing is correct, the faceless characters are okay, but the protagonist's movement animation could have been better or another one. It was really disturbing to see it moving, and sometimes the keyboard press-sensor is over-reactive, so sometimes you'll find yourself a screen far away where you would want to go."
,Recommended,261680,12960291,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MangAnimE [H ★ S],"The game has an interesting art style & a decent story. There are a few times though where the choices you make are a bit ambiguos & sometimes I ended up randomly wandering around, going back to characters I had already talked with as there was no indication on what needed to be done next.Control pad support is good (I don't have an xBox pad) & worked well until right near the end of the game but keyboard input still worked (as of 16 Nov). This is supposed to be fixed in the next update."
,Recommended,261680,10896849,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Ace Man,I liked the art style and overall direction of the game. However I found the stories to be cliche and a bit boring.
76561198064527485,Recommended,261680,9689944,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,wolfgirl3,"Teenage Girl Problems: The Video GameFirst of all, I do NOT recommend this game if you're having a hard time in your life, or if you are looking for a game with lots of explosions and difficult puzzles.That having been said, I DO recommend this game to people who have a fondness for interactive storytelling. Journal deals with growing up and making mistakes, as well as suffering the consequences. It's gameplay is very simple and easy to figure out, but dealing with EVERYONE'S issues makes it a little emotionally draining. Some people you can make ammends with(such as Mr. Collinsworth), but with others(like Elena the Abominable Super♥♥♥♥♥) it seems like no matter what you do, they just won't accept your apologies.It's a lot like real life, and helping your character through her problems can be both rewarding and frustrating."
,Recommended,261680,9924163,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Sachi,"First off, don't buy this game if you're looking for a fast-paced adventure experience, because you will not find that here. Instead, you'll find a visual novel with a boatload of symbolism and some interesting concepts. The story is slow-paced, but it's deep if you can read between the lines, and even more so when you reach the end of the game.I love Journal. There's a LOT I can say about it, but not so much without spoilers. So I'll talk about the aspects I liked about the game briefly and generally.You make decisions on the protagonist's attitude towards other characters in the game. Now, that on it's own might now seem like much. There are tons of games that let you do that. These decisions don't even have much affect on the game in the long run. It's a linear storyline. Still, that was just something I liked about it.Some decisions do affect the game, and these are probably the biggest reason I love Journal. In one part of the game, the protagonist faces a challenge that she can choose to accept assistance in facing. I think that's a lot deeper than it may seem. Really, it says a lot about human nature. We don't like to reach out for help sometimes, but in reality, it would make the situation so much better. Then, immediately following that choice, you get to choose whether or not to let your mother know that you had trouble completing the task, and whether or not you seeked help for it. That's another interesting tidbit on our nature. Even if we choose to accept help on things, often times, we don't want it to be known that we did so. I suppose we just want to make ourselves look better by making it seem as if we've done everything on our own.The thing that impacted me the most in this game was the choice of whether or not to fess up to something you have done. I played through this part twice, and I know both of the ways the story could go from there. Of course, I'm not going to say it for respect for those who do not appreciate spoilers, but I thought it was a very deep decision, and it really impacted me and really made me love Journal even more.I also love the soundtrack to Journal. I just find it to be beautiful. The art style is attractive as well, featuring a hand-drawn feel to the graphics. It suits the game well as it is supposed to be inside of a Journal.By now, if you've read this far, you can see pretty clearly that I'm a huge fan of symbolism. So another thing that I really appreciated in the game was the shadow puppet shows after each chapter. At first, I was confused, and I didn't like the shadow puppet shows. I thought they were fillers with no meaning and no input to the developing story. They just seemed meaningless and unnecessary. However, as I progressed through the story and thought deeply about what each character may have been thinking or feeling based on their actions in the game, I realized that the shadow puppet shows were symbolically linked to the main story. In fact, if you really think about the stories presented, they're surprisingly easy to link the symbolism. I realized that, really, the shadow puppet shows are a brilliant addition to the experience.If you are patient enough to get through the slow story, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,261680,13529199,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,KaleeshWarrior,"This game is a masterpiece and I cannot recommend it enough. I was mostly drawn to this game due to the artistic style, and that certainly didn't disappoint. Journal has an aesthetic that I've never really seen anywhere else, and it makes good use of it throughout.While I came for the aesthetic, I stayed for Journal's narrative and writing. It's a game where the character you play as is an actual character: she does things you don't want her to do, she says things you don't want her to say, and she keeps secrets from you. Constantly. It also is a game about choice, but also not. It's really just a game about life and living and how consequences will always be there, no matter how hard you try to outrun them or erase them.Journal is, at its essence, about the human experience of storytelling. It's about the stories we tell ourselves about ourselves to try and make sense of ourselves, our worlds, and our lives."
,Recommended,261680,13191520,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SarahHughey,"Really enjoyed this game.  Had a good hour and a half of gameplay, but I wouldn't buy it for the listed price of $10.  Buy it on sale -- I got it for $2."
,Recommended,261680,13191574,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,radicalkiwi,"#4Sad2MeSeriously, this game is amazing. It's 2.00. Buy it now. It's not a waste playing an hour of this and imploding with salty tears.BUY IT NOW YOU WICH"
,Recommended,261680,24782438,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,The Green Wizard,"A very short, artsy and interesting game. A surprisingly sad ending to the story but I like the eccentric artistry work. Fast paced, only takes about 2-3 hours to beat the game."
76561198202759459,Recommended,261680,24358376,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ICBM,"I started this game with light mind.Liked the graphic and realistic interactions with people.And about time i was feeling it was getting boring, my reaction about ppl made it drastic.I thought i made, not best, but honest choice of answer i could do.But Things, it didn't go like what i expect.And maybe i think thats what it means to be living as a human.Never expected so much in this game, this game so well delivers the message they want to tell."
,Recommended,261680,23978624,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,dldavidgames,A nice short story telling of some trouble times of a young child. There is dialog choices but it's all linear.
76561198117842743,Recommended,261680,18443362,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Milart,"I didn't expect much from this game since it looks so... well, cheap and too simple. But I really enjoyed the game and the fact that it wasn't always obvious what was coming next. I was surprised that it was actually a really short game (it took me 2 hours to finish) since it felt a lot longer. Now that I have finished it I still think that there was a lot happening in the game and lot of story to uncover."
,Recommended,261680,17759652,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Cap'n Crimson,"If it wasn't because the game was already pretty damn awesome already, the secret ending alone makes it totally worth it."
,Recommended,261680,17306450,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,shelbert,what the heck. what the heck this girl is messed up this whole family is messed up but it was so sad. smh
76561197987220712,Recommended,261680,17323118,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,{ℳℱ} Miyu-Chan,"At first I was unsure weather or not I'd like this game. Considering I rarely care for 2D based games. It's partly 2D and partly 3D which I thought was kind of interetsing. It's just a short, mysterious, sad little story of a young British girl who is Middle to High School aged."
76561198041399191,Recommended,261680,18178686,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,I Kinda Fail,"For the price, it's a good game. $15 would be pushing it. It's about a young girl trying to figure out what happened to her journal pages and, consequently, her memories. She goes around talking to her family and classmates and the story is slowly revealed as to why bad things are happening around her.Loved the artstyle. Music was nothing exceptional, but it fit the game. I give it a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,261680,18282071,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,magic_kiwibird,"The way the game tells the story of a journal THROUGH a journal framed setting is kind of cool and end really wraps up the story and the story itself is okay- but that's about is as far as positives.The story line (until the end) is very simplistic, the mechanics were kind of rusty (having to press Space at such random times), the dialogue was kind of tedius and repetative, and MOST importantly the characters were a tad shallow. Honestly, I can't even tell you the name of the main character- if there even WAS one. The game also seemed to skip key pieces of the plot where it seemed like a decision could have been made: (spoilers) for instance, you steal something and have the option of confessing, but you aren't even TOLD you stole it until you talk to a specific person. It made the gameplay choppy. Honestly, it's best to look up a let's play or buy it on sale, but do NOT spend $9.99. Not worth it."
76561198119782159,Recommended,261680,16110012,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lessieal,"Simple yet beautiful game.It touches the heart and soul, and brings tears to the eye.This is what real art should do, and I recommend it to those who like basic novel games."
,Recommended,261680,17424216,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BrandyRed,"It took about 2 hours for me to play the entire game and earn all the achievements, so this game does not require a lot of hours to complete. At first, I was kind of puzzled by the main character as she is kind of a brat but the game started explaining why she was acting like a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ before I completely lost interest.There is a bit of a mystery aspect to the game and it doesn't just outright tell you what's going on. You just have to take the pieces and assemble them yourself.Overall, I would recommend."
,Recommended,261680,18008044,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,GracefulDawn,"Very simple gameplay, but an amazing story from the perspective of a hurting person. 10/10."
,Recommended,261680,15058879,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nom Nom,"First thing I would like to highlight: (conclusion at the bottom)If I had gotten this game at it's normal price, I would have flipped out because it's NOT worth it. But since I had gotten it at SGD$2.62 (75% discount), I won't complain.I was kinda lost/confused throughout the game about what's going on with the girl. The plot was there, but it felt like it failed to fully translate itself sufficiently into the gameplay. This game would have scored more if more details were there to intrigue me into being more absorbed in its world. Because I feel that the plot is actually much deeper (but it just failed to convey fully through the game), I'm giving it a thumbs up (i.e. recommend it).Conclusion:If S$2.62 is disposable to you, and you have spare time to lose, get it. If not, move on to other games like Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons; got it during a sale for approx. S$2 and it was WELL WORTH IT."
76561198064527406,Recommended,261680,14087949,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TeeLight,"I wasn't terribly fond of Kairo, but I liked my time with this game. The presentation is interesting and well thought out. There is some very well thought out dialogue in this game too. The only downside I really have to the game is that the ending is telegraphed way in advance so it kind of takes some of the impact away. I like how they did it. I just wasn't at all surprised when I got to the end. The secret ending on this one is great too. I really liked this game and I would recommend it to people that liked things like To the Moon. If you don't want to do a lot of reading this one might not be the best option for you, but even then it might do you some good to play this one."
,Recommended,261680,14078314,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,cigarettes,"I liked Journal. A conversation driven interactive story focusing on framing loss and grief from a teenaged perspective. Although it fails to hit its mark occasionally, and was somewhat predictable (at least to me), it was definitely worth the two hours spent. Though I can only say I'd recommend it on sale (I picked it up for $1.49). Nonetheless an interesting experience."
76561198111169305,Recommended,261680,13351980,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cocharlo8,"A short but sweet interactive story, with a melancholy feel to it, and neat shadow puppet style cutscenes with little stories (also kind of sad but sweet—bittersweet?) inbetween the days. It all leads up to finding what everyone in the game's been avoiding talking about, and you find out the full story at last. Great voiceacting."
,Recommended,261680,15051804,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Napostriouf,"Listen the story 'till the end. Subtlely all the long over the story are gonna for sure make you cry, thing that is definetly the strong point of this game!"
76561198134678166,Recommended,261680,19375037,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,lokethecheetah,"I became interested in this game because of Kairo, a fantastic game developed by the same people behind this one. This game is about the psychological effects of trauma on children and the people around them. You play as a bratty school girl with problems. The context and depth of her problems unfold as you discover more of the story. There's not much to the actual gameplay other than talking to people and making choices that won't affect the ending. The story itself takes about an hour to complete and a bit longer if you want to get all the achievements. I found the story relatable to my own childhood, so I may be a bit biased when I recommend it. But it really is a wonderful game."
,Recommended,261680,21505079,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"Journal takes you into the life of a troubled young girl. It kept me on the edge of my seat, yearning to understand the reasons behind her actions. The artwork is perfect for setting the atmosphere of the game, and toes the line between beautiful and brilliantly unsettling. All characters have a lot of depth for such a short narrative.My only complaint is that the narrative may have been better handled if the illusion of choice had been left out in some places. It leaves the player expecting to have more control than they do."
,Recommended,261680,22058378,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MrDowntempo,"This was an interesting game. I'm, personally, quite a fan of narrative focused games, and this fits that bill. It touches on some tough subjects. I really enjoyed how you come to discvoer the personailty of the protagonist through play, and how she might not be the girl you had expected. Still, there is very little gameplay, and the narrative is mostly dumped out through text in speech bubbles. Overall it was a worthwhile experience, although, I did pick it up on sale. I doubt I'd feel the same way if I had paid full price. If you catch this one cheap and can enjoy a heavy story presented in a different, but still straightforward way, then pick this one up!"
76561198117150135,Recommended,261680,27656095,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quinnzell,"The artstyle is fantastic, I'd never seen the game before but i wanted something small to play and this game is amazing for it, I love the artstyle and the voice actors are great too. Loved the game and it told a sad but beautiful story."
76561198031911131,Recommended,261680,28693459,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gricomet,Beautifully illustrated visual novel game about a girl dealing with personal life troubles. It is an interesting world to walk through as you go through the days of her life and the journal she records it. You primarily follow the story by walking around her home town with occassional dialogue choices. If you like the visual novel approach this certainly would have appeal to you.
,Recommended,261680,13973578,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Arch Enemy,"Simple Yet ProfoundJournal is a very deep, interesting, story driven game that revolves around a teenage protagonist's life struggle and it's up to you to help her get through them by interacting with other characters, learning more about them and herself as you progress and choosing what happens next. You can be supportive and understanding or bitter and resentful, which means you make decisions that affect the narrative. How much of an impact it has on the final outcome is yet to be seen as I have yet to replay the game and chances are I will. I very much enjoy the story, the characters and the overall presentation of the game and I'm having a lot of fun with it. I can't say more without spoiling it for others, butI really recommend this game for anyone remotely interested in a good story."
76561198091433703,Recommended,261680,31212846,Posted: 17 April,all,KatieLou1122,"Really great game! I really felt like I was back in high school lol. The ending made me cry a little I won't lie. One of those ""this all makes sense now"" moments. Pick it up! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,261680,35277495,Posted: 28 September,all,Chungus,"Bought this on a steam sale for $2It has a really touching story. It is unclear what is happening at some stages but you slowly piece things together and it is a story about friendship, loss, betrayal and learning to move on and accept things that have happened.Really confused by the negative reviews. Before playing I saw some negative reviews that honed in on the things the protagonist did that were bad. It is explained why she did some bad things in the story and despite not liking some of her choices of dialogue, she's not meant to be a perfect protagonist. Sometimes she says and does things you don't agree with or like but that's okay since it is her story. We are seeing this story through the eyes of the protagonist so I think it is more interesting if the character isn't someone exactly like me.Overall, I recommend this game as I think it tackles the subjects really well and it is a good story based game. It is mild in regards to the actualy ""gameplay"" aspects but if you like the interactive ""choose your own story"" kinds of games I think you will like this."
