user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,261640,19048511,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Husk,"Since the opinions on this game are really mixed, I decided to compare it to BL2. And make an acutal review about it with that. Obviously these points are my opinion, so don't judge it.Pre-Sequel Pros:- Classes are more interesting- Cyro is probably better than Slag (in game design)- Cars are faster- Early game is more fun- Vault hunters actually say things to the story- Butt SlamsBorderlands 2 Pros:- Longer story- Better DLCs- Not as much walking- More guns- Maps are more colorful- Better characters and humor- No annoying oxygen mechanic- More types of enemies- More Bosses/post story content- Better side quests- Less expensiveSo, overall I'd say BL2 is better. If you already played BL1 and BL2, buy TPS if you liked them. Even though you might wanna wait for a discount.As for people who are new to the series, I'd play BL1 or BL2 first, since this one is more expensive, and probably the worst one of the three."
,Recommended,261640,17361327,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DerpyGalaxy,"I would recommend to buy this game during a sale if you liked Borderlands 2, but this game isn't nearly as good as Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,15407504,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,HerbBerb,"NOTE; Most of the other reviews are outdated. They were right at one point, but the game has taken a turn for the betterIf you haven't played Borderlands 2 yet, I highly recommend at least playing through the main story of that game before picking up this one.The game takes place on Pandora's moon, Elpis, and just like the games before it, you take control of one of four Vault Hunters, and you shoot your way through waves of bandits, psychos, hostile wildlife and an entire military force to open a vault. However, this game does have many different features to it that make it unique, and a lot of returning features.Pros;+Lazer weapons. A very welcome tool for your arsenal. They range from rapid fire assault rifles to shotguns to railguns+Cryo weapons. I wanted these very badly in 2, and my wish got granted. They restrict affected enemies movements and makes them vulnerable to melee attacks (mind that it does the same to you)+Vending Machines are now somewhat relevant. In 1 and 2 I didn't even bother looking in gun vending machines, but now that you're able to buy purple and orange rarety weapons, they actually have a purpose now+Manuverability. This is what really defines this game out of the series. The low gravity on Elpis allows acrobatic gunfights and more importantly; butt slams (or ground pounds. But butt slam is more fun)+Grinder. You can grind lower rarety weapons into better weapons of a higher rarety. Not an 100% chance of a higher rarety, but its a good way to get rid of some of your white and green guns+Classes. Skill trees are the same setup (I mean that as a good thing), and the classes are very unique... hopefully they'll have enough ideas for threeCons;-Side Quests. While the main quest's dialouge is interesting, and the gameplay is great, most side quests are just flat out dull in speech and gameplay. Too many fetch missions, that lead to more fech missions. Granted some do reveal how things came to be in time for 2, and others are funny enough to be redeemed, most aren't worth the EXP.-Lazy Raid Boss. Bosses now respawn (that was an issue for a while), but the first and only raid boss of the base game is the final boss with more health and higher damage output. While I still did enjoy murdering it, I would much rather prefer something new and fresh.-Shorter than 2. It has 13-14 chapters versus the 18 chapters 2 had.-Terrain. The game has many cool areas, with multiple ways to kill you. The only problem is, falling to your death is a little too easy at times. The manuverability I talked about before helps this, unless you're in a vehicle.Neutral things*Oxygen. When in a vacuum, you must rely on your oxygen supply to live (surprising right). Oxygen also allows you to double jump and butt slam, so be sure to keep an eye on it.*Many returning weapons. A lot of weapons are similar to 2, so it should be a somewhat familiar experience with the loot.*Moonstones. The new Eridium. Used for ammo upgrades, moonstone chests (spend them to get purple rarety weapons/gear) or that lame raid boss I was talking about earlier. So mostly ammo.If you loved 2, you'll love this game. I love this game, so it pains me to say this; buy it on sale. Sure the gameplay is great, but the quests seem tedious and lack luster, and while the Claptastic Voyage DLC redeems this, a game shouldn't rely on DLC to fix itself.(This is my first review, so please give me some feedback on how I could improve my writing, or any spelling or gammatical errors.)"
76561198048271499,Recommended,261640,32795465,Posted: 25 June,all,TheQuasiQuarian,"If you enjoy the gameplay from Borderlands 2, and want some additional content, I highly recommend this.  However, I would also recommend you only purchase this on sale because it is not worth $40 in my honest opinion."
,Recommended,261640,12506764,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,The Baker,"(Updated review. Went from about 9 hours gameplay when I first wrote this to 30),Well I guess I'm just not having the same experience as most of the top commenters. So far I've really enjoyed the game.Does it feel like it is a huge DLC? Yes. The menus are the same thing, the main screen when you start the game is the same thing (Your character, Claptrap doing stupid stuff in the background, same layout exactly just a different setting).Does driving suck? Sorta. I've had issues with not making jumps and I've had times where occassionally my car decides to keep going straight while I'm turning. Yes I've fallen off the map multiple times, but it hasn't been that bad. Just something to get used to. I think the issue is more so that the jumps you have to do to get to other parts of the maps are very exact. There's not a lot of room to undershoot even with a perfect take off.Is AI bad? Not really. I feel like it's about the same as BL2, which wasn't perfect, but was pretty decent. If you see a guy and he doesn't see you he tends to walk around aimleslly. If you shoot they notice you 98% of the time, and when they don't, I just kill them and keep moving. No sense in standing around looking for reasons to not like the game.So now I'll move onto things that I've noticed:In BL2 you could find any weapon at any time. Not so here. Want a shotgun or a sniper rifle early?  Do some side quests then. You won't find them randomly. Want to play with the new ice weapons? Too bad, they don't start showing up for a long time. The loot system is definitely less randomized in this game. I got an Anshin Oz Kit from a side quest from Janie at level 3 and it's still the only one I've seen by Anshin and I've gotten two characters to level 12. I've seen Orange level rarity weapons and items a bunch from vendors but I've had white level equivelants that were better from a lower level. Also selling and buying prices are DRASTICALLY different in this game. Buying the Item of the Day costs me around $2000, If I were to sell pretty much the exact same item back I get like $60. This leads to me wanting to use the vendors less and less because money seems harder to come by and buying one or two things depletes my reserves for a pretty long time - and  I loot ALL the things. I wish higher rarity weapons truly showed that they were better in this game like they should be.The Oxygen thing is honestly neutral for me. It doesn't add to the game much, but it doesn't take from it either. I hardly notice it as almost every enemy drops oxygen tanks. If you're running low, kill something and there's an 80% chance it'll drop a tank. If one isn't enough that's what Kraggons are for.To sum everything up though, I have really enjoyed my experience so far. Things are a little less polished than I'd like, but I'm sure it'll be fixed in patches. There were no beta testers for this game and I'm sure most play testing was done on limited varieties of hardware. You cannot expect it all to run exactly the same on 20,000 different computer setups as well as the consoles it was released on. I'd recommend the game if you enjoyed the previous ones. If you are worried about these issues though, wait until it hits a sale. This is Steam, there's gonna be sales.EDIT: I've hit about 30 hours of gameplay now and I think I've grown to like the game more. I played through first as Athena and really didn't like her, then started as Wilhelm and enjoyed him but found he seemed to be underleveled and I got killed a lot. Now obviously the level is up to me to move, but I like to play through games without doing side quests first to experience the story, and then I play again and do achievements and sidequests. You can get through a really large chunk of the game this way, and then I got stuck around level 20 fighting level 25+ enemies. Restarted as Nisha because I figured if I had to grind I may as well try the last character! She's definitely my favorite, though her ability is a bit underwhelming on multiplayer haha.I find that once you get farther into the game and do side missions the issues I had with loot and money seem to go away for the most part, so I think I can mostly retract that. Still not a fan of vendor gouging though; I've seen orange level rarity weapons at vendors for well over 35,000 while everything else they're selling is around $1000. It feels like they're taunting you! I hadn't even FOUND that much money at that point in the game!I've also gotten more used to the different gravity and while I originally thought it made you a bit slower I find that I can get around really fast by using the oxygen boost (double jump). There are oxygen geysers everywhere so it's not a big deal to burn that extra few O2.  I still stand by my recommendation for this game. If you like Borderlands, you're going to like this game.Also, thanks for the rates and comments."
,Recommended,261640,17083496,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Snort Cannon,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is the follow up to Borderlands 2 and fallows on the rise of Handsome Jack. But will you want to play it ?Borderlands TPS takes place after the events of Borderlands and before the events of Borderlands 2 and follows on four new vault hunters. Athena, Wilhelm, Nisha and Claptrap get a message from a hyperion worker who happens to be Handsome Jack. After the Dahl soldiers take over the space station they try to destroy the moon of Elpis and it's up to you to stop them.Gameplay is identical to Borderlands 2. The only new thing is the new Oxygen system. You have a bar which starts to drain when you are outside the oxygen field for too long. Then you start to suffocate. You can also use the double jump to get on higher platforms. You can avoid the oxygen system by picking Claptrap as your character. The new abilities are awesome and all of them are very fun to use.Graphics are stunning as ever. They look awesome and all the colors are very nice to look at. The textures are kind of mediocre and some of the character models look very bad. Overall the game looks great apart from minor flaws.Audio is pretty bad. The game's audio for me stopped during firefights and I couldn't hear anything the characters would say to me and sometimes the Echo Com screen didn't transfer the dialogue and I couldn't hear anything which wasn't a problem in Borderlands 2. The soundtrack is alright, there are some great songs but a lot of them are kind of mediocre.The game is pretty easy for the most part until the final chapter where there is a massive difficulty spike and the final boss solo is incredibly hard. The boss fights are very team oriented meaning the game expected you to play with people from the start.Level Design in some parts is abysmal it took me massive amounts of understanding where my objective was and where the side quest start. This by far the worst level design in a borderlands game.The game took me 22 hours to complete every quest and to get to level 27. The game like other Borderlands games has tons of replay value with different vault hunter modes and trying out other characters and of course not to mention the DLC which I will have to check out one day.The game is pretty stable from the most part. There where some parts where the game wouldn't open a certain door to progress through a quest but a quick reload always fixed the problem.Overall this game is not as good as the other titles in the series and without a doubt not worth it at the full price. I am a massive Borderlands fan and Pre Ordered this game once I saw it and I can safely say it wasn't a bad game but it's not as good as the other Borderlands games. For other people only buy this on a sale. It has a lot of horrible side quests but this is an overall good game and I highly suggest you to check it out on a sale. I give Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel a 7/10For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198056533963,Not Recommended,261640,13703709,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RudderMucker,"IMPORTANT: Before you think about buying Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel I recommend you play through Borderlands 2 a few times. If you still want more after that, then play the campaign expansions and upgrade packs. If you still want more after that, then, and only then, can I recommend Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.INTRODUCTION: I've been a fan of the series for a few years now. Though I only played Borderlands in anticipation for Borderlands 2, it still quickly became my favorite game. Until Borderlands 2 came along that is. Borderlands 2 is still my favorite game to this day, and here's why Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel doesn't even come close.Before Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel even came out I heard statements describing it as more Borderlands 2 or an expansion of Borderlands 2, but I wouldn't even go that far. It definitely feels shorter than Borderlands 2, but that probably wouldn't have been a problem if it weren't for the level design. The areas in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel are generally pretty small compared to the vast environments in previous games, and the areas that actually are vast environments just feel empty. I get it; it's the moon. It's kind of supposed to be empty. But that doesn't make it any less dissapointing(to me at least).Personally I think Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel has the best story in the series(yes, I do realize that's not saying much), but probably the weakest cast. Or I suppose I should say new cast. Because the player characters and all of the other characters who had appearances in previous games are great, but all of the new characters don't really have anything going for them other than various British or Australian accents. Even Janey Spring's charisma wears off in time.The vast majority of missions in the Borderlands games have been fetch quests or thinly disguised fetch quests, but it has never been more apparent in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. I remember I would dread time trial missions in previous games, but in this game they're the only ones I look forward to doing in new game ++ simply because I know it's the closest thing to a breath of fresh air I'm going to get. All two of them that is. It's even more of a shame, because the playable characters in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel are the most fun to play as in the series. For the first time ever the character classes are completely different than those in previous games. But unfortunately we can only play as them in the underwhelming environments of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, and only while doing its boring missions.I understand that the games in the Borderlands series don't have much going for them, and the only reason to play them longer than it takes to play through their missions with a few friends is this: loot. The prospect of obtaining one-of-kind unique or legendary items has a certain appeal to those of us who are more magpie than man(such as myself). In the previous games a few missions would award rare, unique items with special abilities. But in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel almost every other side mission awards one so it doesn't feel special when the player receives one anymore. In the previous games many bosses and unique enemies had a small chance of dropping a certain legendary item upon being killed, and  if the item didn't drop the player could quit to the main menu and then the enemy would respawn the next time the player loads his or her save. This allowed these items to be ""farmed"". But not anymore. Now most of the enemies that drop legendary items never respawn, and the player is expected to literally grind weapons together to obtain legendary weapons. I don't know about you, but I don't think feeding guns into a slot machine and hoping I will get a legendary gun in return is nearly as exciting as fighting a giant monster or an evil mech warrior and hoping a legendary item will fly out of their back pocket as it dies. And even farming from enemies gets tedious after the thirtieth fruitless attempt. So hats off to you Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel! You managed to make farming more boring than it already was.Lastly, I just want to add that yes the vehicle handling in this game is somehow even worse than Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,18232980,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lars,"Borderlands: The Pre-SequelReleased:Oct 2014Developer:2K Australia, Gearbox Software, AspyrPublisher:2K, AspyrImpressions:Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel (TPS) is Borderlands 2 (BL2) again, and as one who really enjoyed both BL1, BL2 and pretty much devoured all the dlc for those games it is a very enjoyable game to play.  However, for those who didn't for any reason enjoy the previous releases, you can stop reading here, this game will not get you hooked.New in this version is that you're playing on a moon, meaning in large parts of the game there is low gravity, and no oxygen.  You're given Oz kits that allow you to boost for extra jump height as well giving you much more speed and maneuverability, as well as the ability to slam down onto enemies on the ground. Oh, and they let you breathe which can also be handy sometimes.Most enemies you fight will also be wearing space helmets to allow breathing that can be shattered, making them suffocate.  This is actually a significant gameplay change from BL2, since these helmets are much larger critical spots and easy to hit, unlike headshots in BL2 which could at times be tricky to land on erratic moving enemies.  Another difference is that unless you're fighting in areas with oxygen, fire weapons can not cause burn damage, funny how that works.Other gameplay changes include a new laser weapon type, the removal of Slag damage from BL2 (thank you!), the inclusion of cold elemental damage which can freeze enemies solid allowing you to shatter them with a quick melee strike, and relics being replaced by the aforementioned Oz kits.  Last but not least TPS stars 6 new character classes, making TPS feel fresh despite its many similarities with BL2.As someone odd enough to have actually enjoyed the stories told and the lore from the previous games, TPS delivers.  The writing is hardly award winning material, but the story from the perspective of mercenaries hired by Jack before the events of BL2 has him starring as the main villain is an interesting one.  TPS also features the usual humour and puns, for which the appreciation will of course be very hit or miss.  Personally I've had quite a few laughs and will at least give a sympathetic smirk each time the game throws a funny at you.If you're in the mood for more Borderlands, and haven't had a go at TPS yet, it is a fairly easy recommendation for me to make.  Well worth picking up during a sale along with the season pass which includes a couple characters and a story dlc.Pros:Slag is gone, and all is well!Better PhysX optimization compared to BL2.  I very rarely see fps drop below 60 even during hectic firefights on my trusty old GTX 680 2GB.While I was sceptical at first, the moon environment works quite well, and changes up the gameplay a bit from BL2.Enjoyable story and humour in the same style of previous games.New 'Grinder' machine in the main town that lets you combine weapons and gear into new, possibly improved ones.  A smart move, meaning there's always going to be something to spend your money on. The cashmoneys in BL2 quickly lost any real value outside of buying ammo.Cons:Diehard BL2 grinders beware, TPS does not offer the endgame raid challenges and OP levels of BL2, because....Not long after release, the dev studio that released TPS closed its doors.  Some of the DLC released was actually produced in house at Gearbox, just so there could be enough value in the season pass.  It is looking extremely unlikely that there will be more DLC or other updates released for TPS.There's a few bugs.  One particularly annoying bug is that your character sometimes gets perma-slowed after taking cold damage, forcing you to restart the game to be able to move around at normal speeds.Largely forgettable soundtrack.  Some areas don't even have a music score, just ambient background sound.Re-uses quite a few uniques and legendaries from BL2."
,Recommended,261640,15008537,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,givegomezthegun,"I've wanted to do a review of this game for a long time.. But, I don't really know what to say about it.  Did I have fun playing? Yes.  Was there anything about the game that bothered me? TONS!...Do I recommend it?Absolutely!I have a lot of hours spent playing the previous two Borderlands titles.  Nearly 100 hours in the first game, and I'm 2 hours shy of 500 for Borderlands 2.  My opinion may be a bit biased, because I am a huge fan of the series.  If you didn't enjoy the previous games, don't bother with this one.. it's not going to be any better for you.If you find yourself disappointed in the price, or the length of the game, or the fact that it is a 'reskinned Borderlands 2'.. You shouldn't be.  They were absolutely transparent about these things.  They said right from the start that the game is built off of Borderlands 2.  They said right from the start that it would not be as huge.  If you're new to the series.. this may have bothered you.  But if you followed this game at all before it was released, you knew exactly what you were getting long before it came out.As far as the pros and cons go, I do not find that there are many of either, meaning that most the game is a double edged sword- but even given that, I find the balance to be well done most of the time.For example...The whole low gravity and oxygen system.I love the low gravity, I think it adds a whole new aspect to the game.. the whole ""How the hell am I going to get over there?"" thing.  But it has a downside as well.  When you kill enemies, whatever they drop doesn't always just fall to the ground.  It often flies into places you cannot easily find it, or worse, places you cannot get it at all... like, off the map.As far as the oxygen system goes, I love the double jump mechanic and the butt slams you get with the Oz kits.  I love how you can shatter enemy masks and cause another type of DOT.  But actually having to manage an oxygen level is more of an annoyance than anything.  Even that has 2 edges though.  Many Oz kits have perks based on your oxygen levels.  But when you're just trying to wander across a map for a quest.. having to stop what you're doing periodically and refill is a pain.Lazer weapons.  Some of the best guns in the game are lazer weapons, so are some of the worst guns in the game.  Some have excellent damage, excellent aim, and a good continuous damage bonus and will just absolutely shred everything you come across.. unless of course the enemies are beyond the range of what your weapon can do or you are outside of an atmosphere.Driving.  The stingray is actually really fun to take out and drive around and once you get the hang of it you will find you can get it into some pretty creative spots.  The car though, I find to be horrendous to navigate around with.  It's a combination of the low gravity, and the tons of little 'invisible walls' you can hit.Bosses and loot.  This was one of the things that bugged me the most about this game actually.  Many of the bosses do not respawn, and the majority of the legendary items don't really have that one baddie that has a higher chance to drop them.  But, vending machines have a much higher chance of having legendary items in them, and there is the grinder.  It may be easier, but farming bosses was a huge thing for me in Borderlands 2.  Of course, the update coming with the claptrap dlc includes a pleasingly large list of bosses that will respawn now, and the loot pool of one that doesnt, being moved to one that will.Anyway.  There are some bugs.. there are some really annoying things, like 'invisible walls'.. some parts of the floor or rocks or whatever that are not solid when you're trying to navigate to tricky areas or just randomly exploring the edges of the world.  But personally, I find stuff like that to be part of what Borderlands has always been.  When I fall through a rock, sure it's annoying.  But, I can't help but think to myself, ""Of course I would fall through that.""It doesnt seem like I mentioned many good things about this game does it.It's there.  I really enjoyed the story, and watching Handsome Jack become what he is in Borderlands 2.  I was completely immersed through my first play through, I enjoyed exploring the completely new areas.  I really like the new player classes.  The humour was there, and that Borderlands feel was there.  If you liked the previous games in this series, and realize that this is not 'Borderlands 3', I think you will enjoy it as well..."
,Recommended,261640,23522741,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ZombieHack,"Borderlands 2.5: It's pretty great if you think of it that way! But if you try thinking of it as Borderlands 3, you'll be seriously disappointed.Verdict: The best frozen pizza. Never as good as the real deal, but still satisfying for a good price."
76561198066420462,Recommended,261640,20322882,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ender,"This game is like the cute, younger, and less developed sister of borderlands 2. She's smaller and hasn't really grown into the goddess that is bl2, but the genes are there and she makes up for with a degree of novelty and eagerness."
,Recommended,261640,12483609,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Someone,"Opening statement? errr.......how about...... ""Australia......inSPACE !""Pros.+Good port, runs well, even has a colorblind option.+You have an identity now: NPCs don't call you Vault Hunter all the time anymore (In the main quests at least.),they call you by name of your character and sometime they have unique dialogues with you base on that. (Like how Jack hits on Nisha right off the bat 5 minutes into the game) and your character can replies back to them.+Good gunplay, the same as Borderlands 2, but not as good as Call of Juarez: Gunslinger+Slamming is fun and satisfying.+Funny characters (It's a given, I know.)+New weapon and equipment types.+Moxxtails (Drinks that give you temporary boost) are fun and helpful to use, if you have Moonstones to spare.Cons.-In early game, it's possible that you just won't get the type of gun you want and there is nothing you can do about it (Can be remedied by adding Weapon Vendors in starting areas.)-You can only have one quest marked on your map at the same time (The game should have allow 2 or more, or have the game tell players that they're close to a quest objective of another quests)-Dat padding though-Is it just me? or do some of the human enemies have smaller hitbox than their model?-The menus are still the same, They're not broken, but they can be improved, especially the inventory menu (I prefer Diablo 3 inventory menu: everything you need on the same screen, and you don't need to scroll through list of loots, press Shift to compare weapon, etc.)-""How am I going to get over there?"" moments.-Invisible walls: There are places that look like you can just walk or jump over but you can't because of the invisible walls, which can be really annoying.Mixed bag#Vacuum of Space: Your O2 doesn't last very long which can turn a firefight into a frantic search for O2 pockets and canisters, but those things are common enough that you're more likely to die from enemy attacks than running out of O2, making it feels like an annoyance rather than an actual hazard.#The Side Quests: There are lots of sidequests to do, but the rewards are not scale to your level (Or not scale well enough) which makes the quests less rewarding when your character level is higher than the quest level.#The game is very short: on one hand, the game doesn't overstay its welcome and make it easier for you to start a newgame+ or trying a new character out, on the other hand, it can also feels like you don't get enough bang for your bucks.Things I want Developers to see, my humble wishlist.*Beastmaster-type playable character, tame beast, ride beast. etc. (In the game there are enemies that ride a beast to fight you, I wanna ride one too!)*Long press to open all Containers near you.*Costumes for playable characters, not just color schemes. (Admit it, you wanna see Nisha in a Latex,and Claptrap in R2D2 costume)*Reworked Inventory menu, makes everything display on the screen without having to scroll though a list.*Selectable third person camera.*Steam Workshop support, and modding tools*More Fast Travel stations."
,Recommended,261640,24231553,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tom,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is the third installment in the Borderlands series. This game offers an insight into the events that take place during the period between Borderlands 1 and Borderlands 2. The game was developed by 2K Australia and published by 2K games.  Releasing on PC, PS3 and 360 in October 2014.The gameplay is as expected, similar to that of the previous games in the series. You can choose one of four classes (in the base game), Athena; a gladiator, Wilhelm; an enforcer, Nisha; a law bringer and Claptrap, the loveable robot mascot of the series. Each of these classes has different skills. I’ve played through the game twice so far, once with Wilhelm who is definitely the more run and gun sort of approach, and Athena who adopts a more of “Tank style” gameplay. One new element of gameplay which has been added into this release is the use of oxygen. The game takes place on the moon of Pandora. You have an additional oxygen bar to keep an eye on when you are roaming a zero atmosphere area; you can replenish your oxygen either by entering an area that has an atmosphere, catching your breath in an oxygen stream or by collecting gas cylinders from enemies and loot boxes scattered around the world.  Most people that have played The Pre-Sequel often complain that the oxygen element of the game is poor and unneeded; however I do not believe it is as bad as they are making out. At no point did I ever feel like I was being hindered throughout the game because of this feature, it just added an extra challenging aspect of the game which I thought was a welcome addition to what is essentially a run and gun game anyway.TPS also welcomes some new weapon types, lasers. A cool thing about this weapon type is that it will adapt to whether you are firing it in an atmosphere or out of one. I thought this was a really neat way of representing the environment and makes for some interesting battles nonetheless.  One of my more favourite additions to TPS is the weapon grinder. This is found roughly halfway through the story mode; you are able to put looted weapons into a grinder and combine them to make usually a higher quality weapon which may be of some use. I found this to be a nice way of making sure your character was always equipped with the best weaponry at all times as you’ll find tons of loot and often get plenty as rewards for missions anyway.The art style is identical to Borderlands 2. The same comic book style looks of the series.  However, there are some small changes given that you are on the moon. The environments are colourful and vibrant when they need to be, and dark and eerier when they need to portray that too. The level designs are spot on and leaves the player with plenty of chances to explore every corner of the map.  The voice acting is all done via an Australian accent, given that this game was developed by 2K Australia, that is to be expected but it is all done to an extremely high quality too.I actually found TPS to be more of a challenging experience when comparing it to the other games in the series. At the beginning of the game, I found myself dying countless times on some boss fights simply because I was far too under geared; whereas the later boss fights are simply a huge skill check and you should count yourself lucky to be able to get past the last few bosses.  The game also has the New Game+ mode enabled once you complete your first run, which gives the game plenty of replayability along with the co-op gameplay also on offer too. A full run through of the story mode took me 20 ish hours. Much like the other games in the series, you can easily push this past the triple digit mark with ease if you get really into it.The only technical issue I had when playing, is the menu design is still quite clearly laid out for a control. The mouse controls in the UI seem clunky and unresponsive. I suspect if you opt to play with a controller this won’t be such a huge issue but the game is definitely better off being played with a mouse and keyboard in the grand scheme of things. I was happy to see I could get a steady 60 fps at 4k resolutions too.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel may not be as fleshed out in terms of the amount of content as Borderlands 2, and whilst I somewhat agree that this could have been a larger DLC pack for Borderlands 2, it is still a great title with the legendary Borderlands gameplay we all have learnt to love over the years. The game is easily worth its £29.99 price tag, but as you know with Borderlands, it will get cheap very quickly whenever we hit sale season.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghereand checking out theTeamTom Review siteYou can also find me Streaminghere, or check out my YouTube channelherehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/261640"
76561197998070174,Not Recommended,261640,12485058,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,LuckyN13,"This is an In Progress Review:6/10I initially had this as a recommend because I thought it may open up, but after dumping half a day into this, sadly I'm going to have to change my review to ""Not Recommend""TL;DRPros:Its a Borderlands titleIts extends Borderlands 2 and closes the Gap between the two gamesIts newThe voiced Playable CharactersCons:Its boringIts buggyIts expensiveIts reskinned BL2The soundtrack, areas, names bosses and NPCs are forgettableIt will be a slow crawl to complete itMany thing just wont make senseI'm going to start off by saying if you're new to the series DO NOT BUY THIS. Buying this now is like jumping into the 3rd installment of a trilogy. You have no idea whats going on and it will leave a bad impression which can taint you to playing the predessors. Go and pick up Borderlands 2 GOTY, get two, even three times the content, at half the price.If you are not new to the series, and are a fan, I would recommend you WAIT, because $60 is a god awful price tag for what seems like a lackluster Stand Alone Add-on. I would price this at max $40, due to the fact that it is just reskinned BL2, with a few (not so great) additions. It has the same UI, the same skills, the same HUD, the same guns, the same enemies, and the same gameplay mechanics. Yes it has a new story, yes it will close the gap, but you will crawl through this bored and sick of fighting through hordes of forgettable enemies and bosses.Do not let all the positive reviews and fanboys sway you either, if you've played Borderlands 2, and Tiny Tina's Assault, you'll understand why this isnt worth the Price Tag. The Fanboys will cry ""It has new everything, new classes, new skills, new areas, new enemies""No, its Borderlands 2 with 4 new classes.You found New areas and New enemies in Tiny Tinas DLC, just as you'll find new enemies and areas here, only difference is most of these enemies are just reskinned Bandits and remodeled Skags and Spiderants.Why werent we charged $60 for Tiny Tinas? You got the same ""New Content"" there as you do here??At release, you will find many bugs, some game-breaking. The ones talked about most are quest items flying into unreachable areas, or NPCs getting stuck in walls causing a restart. These of course will be fixed, but right now be aware they are present.The Low-Gravity and Oxygen aspects are a nice experiment, but let me tell you the sheer amount of oxygen thrown at you when you dont need it, and the lack when you do, makes it such a god damn chore, you wonder why its even in the game. Oh and BTW you are the only one with a limit on your oxygen, the enemies and NPCs can wander around infinitely without having to replenish theirs. So while you're scrambling to find that O2 they're floating towards you following you whereever you go. Oh and pretty much every enemy has a jetpack and always follows so theres no more hiding and using cover.The Low Gravity makes traveling the world quicker, and engaging enemies faster, which is counter balanced by fighting off enemies by the hundreds. The firefights get so tedious and boring you'll find yourself frequently hitting ESC to take a break. Forget about using the Low Gravity to reach neat and cool areas, because theres nothing to find, no hidden chests like in the older titles, what you will find however, are invisible walls, random spots that instant kill you, getting stuck somewhere you cant jump out and even falling through the world.The Butt-Slam is also a nice little experiment but in actuality, it does more harm than good. You deal more damage shooting enemies in mid air for some reason, and can manuever more easily gliding around in the low gravity. The Second you Butt-Slam down to deal minimal damage to your enemies, this makes you a prime target from all the melee and jet-pack 'Scavs' and you'll find yourself fighting for your life frequently after butt-slamming.Just about every quest is some kind of Fetch-Quest and will drive you across the world to flip a switch, then have to cross to the other side to flip another, with many boring and slow fire-fights between. Sometimes you'll flip a switch only to find that for some reason it didnt work, and to resolve it, is to go somewhere else and flip another, but wait that didnt work either, well guess what theres one more switch back at the other side of the world you can flip that may get it going. You'll enter an enemy stronghold only to find they locked the door, forcing you to crawl your way through what is now  a maze of a base to unlock that door, return, and enter it. Once inside, guess what, another locked door causing you to crawl through.The bosses, are boring, and forgettable. Really all you have to do is shoot them from a far and avoid their attacks. They dont have much life to them either, some even lack animations. They're like a floating statue that talks and shoots at you, they dont even move. Atleast with borderlands 2, the opening scenes were very interesting and well designed. Boom Bewm, Bad Maw, the Bunker, Flynt. They were all interesting, unique and had amazing opening scenes. In TPS, every boss is like fighting Wilhelm in BL2. Lame, boring, no animations, nothing unique about it, you do it because you have to to progress.Oh and the Memes, cant forget that internet driven humor that will make you cringe every time you hear and see it. Borderlands 2 was bad with the forced memes, but this takes the cake.Honestly, I'm disappointed with this title. I am forcing myself to play it because I am a big fan of Borderlands. I've sunk hundreds of hours into BL2, and Hundreds more into BL1 for both PC and Xbox 360. The fact that they are charging $60 for reskinning BL2 and adding lackluster and forgettable enemies and features, is a slap to the face.They built Borderlands 1 from scratch and charged you $60They built Borderlands 2 off a heavily modified and upgraded BL1, with massive content, and charged you $60They built Borderlands TPS by reskinning BL2, with little ""content"", and charged you $60Why?Because Greed."
,Recommended,261640,25374309,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,truzen,"It's fun, but not quite as fun as Borderlands 2.The story is a bit weak, the NPCs are a little flat, and the humor feels meh. I'm just guessing here, but a lot of it is because 2k Australia created it. They went heavy handed trying to infuse the game with Aussie-ness. Pickle, one of the NPCs, feels like such a terrible caricature. Cor! Blimey! He's one step away from Crocodile Dundee. (Edit: Scratch that. Apparently it's a Cockney accent. Still a bit much either way.) And sadly, because we're in space, incendiary just doesn't feel useful anymore. Some of the mechanics are terrible too. Trying to jump some of the gaps require more precision than necessary. And Deadlift, the second boss, is a lot tougher than he should be.So why am I recommending the game? Because all the playable characters are well built. I've played everyone, including the expansion characters, save for Claptrap and loved each of their skill trees. In BL2, I didn't care much for Salavdor, Zer0, Gaige or Krieg. But the PS skills are nailing it. Also, cryo as an element is an awesome replacement for slag, which really only worked in teamplay anyway. And while jumping/boosting feels a little gimmicky, it's still fun to float around and bring down a butt-slam.In short, as part of the series, it's a bit of a letdown. But if you can overlook that and pretend it's a one-off, it's still fun. Here's looking forward to Borderlands 3."
,Not Recommended,261640,28396620,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Simon_says,"Warning, because a comment called me out: light spoilers in this review.I love Borderlands. I've got 260 hours on BL2, and it's one of my favourite games. I love the combat and the leveling system and the art style and the world and much of the writing. So I did enjoy Pre-Sequel. It was fun. But it has it's problems and it's easily the worst in the series.The main issue is the writing. Most of the jokes don't seem to land. A lot of the characters are annoying, and not in the jokey way that Claptrap has always been. The main example I would bring up is Janey Springs, who's only two character traits are that she's enthusiastic and gay. Like they really drive it home that she's gay. Like it would be great to have a character that just happens to be gay, or who has some interesting plot conflict related to them being gay, but this... it's like it's a punchline. Like she just throws in some line about how obsessed she is with Moxxi, and it's not funny, it's just sort of creepy. No means no, lady.Then there's also so much standing around waiting for dialogue to finish so you can move on to the next objective. It's tedious. I got to a point where I just turned the dialogue volume to zero and just listened to podcasts instead. The game has much less content than the others, you can pretty easily finish every sidequest, and there's very little opportunity to grind for experience even if you wanted to. Some of the bosses felt a bit unfair and poorly designed if you're playing single player.It also annoyed me that this game was made. They pawned it off to a lesser studio, and made it a prequel so they could re-use Jack. Jack was a great villain in BL2, and his popularity seems to be the whole reason this game was made. Just more cashing in on that character. I don't like the idea of going back just so they can use a dead villain, but the least they could have done is make the story make sense. Jack goes from wannabe hero to a complete lunatic on a dime, with no real progression. When we finally see why he has the mask, it just ends up being Lilith saying she's going to kill him, punching him in the face and leaving. Why? Why would she leave? Why didn't she kill him? WHY WASN'T LILITH A BOSS FIGHT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN SO COOL. Very disappointing.BUT, it is Borderlands. The same core combat system. It's the same kind of loot drops. The things they added are mostly nice. The oxygen management is a bit annoying, but flying around with air jets is a lot of fun. I really love that the player characters talk, and I hope they bring that back in BL3. The new characters have really cool abilities, and I hope I will see some of them again in later entries (the ones that aren't dead at least).So basically, if you already love Borderlands this is probably worth picking up, dispite it's disappointments. But this is a really bad introduction to the series and the weakest of the three, and I'm giving it a non-recommendation for that reason.Edit Jan 5: Fixed some typos."
,Not Recommended,261640,30454300,Posted: 11 March,all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"Having only recently played through it, I don't regret taking so long to do so.  It's just... bland.  Much of the Borderlands feel, humor, and heart was twisted for the worse, in terms of everything - level design, most of the writing, gun creativity, humor, skills and specs, all of it was subpar in comparison to the previous games.  The bosses and legendaries were also sort of forgotten about, bugging one of my friends much more than myself.Nearly the entire game was just fluff to provide a game around 2 major events concerning Jack.  Really, anything that didn't involve him or Fragtrap was just kind of null and dumb.  I didn't find many other characters memorable or really cool, just one-off gags and/or tools to progress the plot.  Plenty of forgettable and annoying landscapes, characters being pushed along by a forced ""you're working for me"" and ""we have to save the world"" theme instead of their own motivation, and no new mechanics since Borderlands 2  (except Ice and oxygen) didn't help.The oxygen system is beyond unnecessary.  Like... there's no way to put it other than it's dumb and useless.  It takes forever to drain, and when it does drain you just have to find some bubble or geyser to refill it, and if it does run out you don't even die that fast.  Imagine, while playing (for example) Far Cry, you just have to hit the Page Up button on your keyboard every 5 minutes or you start to lose health slowly.  That's not interesting or fun, it's just annoying and a waste of time.There's 3 major plot points that I found to be the only reason to care about this as a Borderlands installation.  MAJOR SPOILERS AND MY OPINION ON THEM :Felicity's end was a bit emotional for me, really making me regret some of what was going on, and giving insight to the constructor bots.  The manufactured black hole was amazing, really hammering home that Jack was never truly evil until he was downright betrayed by those he was trying to work with and save, just a little too ambitious.  The ending sealed the deal, showing that he was in essence turned mad by outside forces, perhaps more of a victim of circumstance than just a mustache-twirling villain.Aside from that, there were only a few other small events that were really interesting and fun(ny).  It was just recycled Borderlands 2 stuff but not as exciting.  It's not an awful game in itself, but definitely a letdown compared to its predecessors."
,Not Recommended,261640,13185707,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Renegade,"Edit 17/12/14: A surprising number of people have rated my review so I thought it would be worth adding an update. I've now completed the game in normal mode and TVHM, but my view of the game hasn't changed much. TVHM felt slightly more challenging and combat was a bit better as I could use Athena's skills which I unlocked in my first playthrough, plus I could do the majority of the side quests at a suitable level and didn't find that most of the missions were marked at trivial difficulty, which was the case all the time in my first playthrough. I still can't recommend the game at full price however, and I'll explain why. Some players may have really enjoyed their first playthrough of this game, but in my opinion I found it disappointing (for lack of a better word) that I had to endure an experience which was mostly pretty boring before the game actually got interesting. This was disappointing for me because I personally found the previous games, particularly Borderlands 2, to be enjoyable from pretty much the start, and it only got better as I progressed. As it's been said in other reviews, the game feels unpolished and not worth its price tag - the main story is short and can be tedious at times, and not many of the side quests are all that enjoyable. Plus there are a fair few irritating bugs which do stand out, and this is something that I'm hoping 2K will address before they start pumping out DLC. If you spot this game in a sale and you want to give it a try, it's worth a shot - this review is only my opinion after all, but for me, the full price still feels excessive considering what you get for your money. Now to the main review:I really did want to enjoy this game. First off, I'd call myself a fan of Borderlands - I've played and completed both of the previous games, I've clocked nearly 300 hours on the second one and purchased almost all of the DLC. I told myself I would wait until I had completed this game before leaving a review, but the more I play it, the less likely it seems that I will even bother finishing a single playthrough.This game started off fairly fun around the point where you first get to fiddle around with some of the new stuff like low gravity, butt slamming, and laser guns, but as I progressed through the story, it became more and more repetitive and tedious, with little signs of it getting any better. The main issues for me are combat, missions, and what you get for your money. Anywhere I go in this game, I don't feel sufficiently challenged, even when I take on missions where the recommended level is a level or two higher than my character, I still get through just fine and I wouldn't put this success down to skill. There's certainly none of the thrill of giving it everything you've got and feeling satisfied when you succeed or ready to try again if you did not - a feeling that I experienced many times in the second game playing as Krieg. In this game, I couldn't decide whether to play as Claptrap or Athena, not because I was spoiled for choice, but because the other two characters, particularly Nisha, have actions skills which are essentially ""press F to win"". While I gladly would have chosen a character who had an action skill consistently similar to Krieg's skill from BL2, Athena was the only character who appeared to be bringing something new and moderately appealing to the table. Her action skill sounds and looks cool, but the problem is I find it to be almost useless, as the majority of enemies have such poor aim that the shield barely gains any charge from their ranged attacks, and melee attacks from enemies hardly seem to charge it either. On top of this, the skills available for Athena don't seem to improve combat at all. From the characters I played as in BL2, you could access something new for Krieg (e.g. Light the Fuse, or Hellfire Halitosis) and Zer0 (e.g. Execute) from a relatively low level, giving you plenty of game time to try them out and have fun in the process. Compared to Athena's skill tree, any significant game changing skills can't be unlocked until around level 25, and it seems highly likely that waiting to reach this level before you take on the end game missions would only make them far too easy and just as tedious as the majority of other missions in the game.Finally, this leads to my main issue with the game, being what you get for your cash. At full price, this game is £30, and it already has DLC out. I'd have to argue that this game shouldn't even be close to £30 as it is. I wouldn't mind it if for this price, you got a bit more variety and a chance to test out the skills you unlocked during the main story in something other than just a slightly harder repeat playthrough. It's clear that DLC will be on the way for this game and while some of it might end up being fairly good, it still won't justify the cost of the base game and it's unlikely it will redeem where the base game went wrong, particularly if the DLC itself has yet another hefty price tag to match.Overall, this game is OK, but I can't justify a positive review nor the price of this game, as it seems far too much like a poor and rushed attempt by the developers of an otherwise revered series to acquire a load of quick and easy cash at the expense of the fans who were expecting something a bit different."
76561197993728166,Not Recommended,261640,12688186,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tarious,"Is this a bad game?NoIs it worth $60?Hell no. Buy on sale for 50% off, or buy BL2 if you haven't yet.This review is going to focus more on negatives since this is basically BL2 with a new coat of paint.First off the Voice Acting. I remember an episode of Family Guy where Peter was creating a cartoon about Handicapped Ducks and when recording voicing, Cleveland gives one of the characters an Australian accent which Peter gets angry because the character is from the Moon and has a Moon accent. Well in BL:TPS all characters on the Moon have an Australian accent. While this was developed by an Australian company, you'd think they'd put some diversity in there.Think about the worst mission-line in BL2. Go on take a few minutes before reading ahead....If you thought about the Cult Following mission-line in Frostburn Canyon, you were right! If you didn't say Cult Following mission-line then you did a good job suppressing the memory of doing this side mission. Well, if you suppressed the memory, let me remind you how it goes.After you complete the story mission in Frostburn Canyon, you now out-level the zone, and Lilith sends you back to the zone to deal with fire cultists. This leads you running around the zone for a while killing non-challenging things till you get to the part where you have to burn the midget. You then have to go back to the starting zone, run past 15 minutes worth of beginner level trash and a boss till you reach Captain Flynt and burn the midget, which you have to trek back across the starter zone to get back to FrostBurn Canyon which all the trash has respawned in, and you have to fight your way to the end of it to finish the mission. Wow such a fun mission, but why have I brought this up?INSTEAD OF REALISING ""HEY PEOPLE HATED THIS ANNOYING MISSION, LET'S NOT DO IT AGAIN!"" THEY INSTEAD MADEEVERY SINGLE SIDE MISSIONWORK EXACTLY LIKE THIS MISSION.Get ready to go back to zones after you've finished them all the time. I wish I would've counted how many missions send you to the area outside the main city, that places has side missions for level 6, level 11, level 15, and level 25, and it's a freaking level 10 zone. My favorite is the Veins of Helios zone. This is the most pain in the♥♥♥♥♥zone in any borderlands game. It's full of platforming, has 2 giant space areas, and contains no fast travel points so you have to trek across another zone to reach it. After you complete the story mission here, you get a side mission to go back oh joy! Then you trek back to do the mission, complete it, trek back to the start point to turn it in and you're given 2 god damn ♥♥♥♥ing more missions to go back there in almost the exact same damn area of the zone. DIDN'T ANY OF THE PLAYTESTERS NOTICE HOW BAD THIS WAS?!?!?Speaking of platforming, who the hell said, ""Man you know what Borderlands 2 is missing? Platforming!"" No one did, yet the whole o2 system and double jumping was basically built for this. The platforming is down right annoying especially in the Veins of Helios area, and pretty much any mission that involves you finding the right dumpster to jump on just so you can reach the roof of a building. It's just not fun.Cryo and Lasers do add a lot to the game, but they're both extremely overpowered. Found a legendary cryo smg at level 12 and used it all the way to the final boss (and it'll still be good starting vault hunter mode) because of the massive dps boost cryo gives due to frozen headshots. Then, lasers are usually 193x5 damage with 210% weapon continuality bonus on them so you can use them to 1-2 hit Badasses or burn through a boss in record time.All this put together just makes it a tedious game. Buy this when it's on sale, and play Borderlands 2 for the best experience."
76561198112228370,Recommended,261640,28890990,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Virgo,"I can play as CL4P-TP. Finally, not only will the npcs hate me but my friends will too for picking him"
,Recommended,261640,26281746,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,naic hat (WEMP),"I was too harsh on my other review. While this is the worst Borderlands game out there, it is still a good game, not worth the $40, however. Borderlands: TPS takes place after the 1st game and before the 2nd game on Pandora's moon, Elpis.PROS:Get to learn the backstory of Jack, Moxxi, Athena, and a few othersSome of the new skill trees are funGood soundtrackMore dialogue than the 2nd, especially between the player and NPCsCryo element and Laser weapons are effectiveGrinder can make new weapons that can't be found anywhere elseNEUTRAL:Humor is AustralianLow gravity can be fun or tediousThe HUD is identical to BL2CONS:Story is shorter than the 2nd game (for double the price, too)Not very memorable side charactersColor scheme is somewhat dullSome of the main missions are tedious as hell (walking back and forth with very little action)The writing is weaker here (although they still pull off a few good jokes here and there)They removed the Slag element7.5/10,Get GOTY Borderlands 2 instead of this, same price with at least triple the content.Old review for the people who are interested."
76561197973325104,Recommended,261640,26129002,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Chriswom,"I had avoided this game for so long upon hearing the initial reactions. Tremendous fan of the series, and after the quality GAMEPLAY of Borderlands 2, I didn't want to tarnish the franchise in my own mind. Having recently gone back to Borderlands 2 to play some of the DLC I never got around to, I felt the itch to pick up the pre-sequel too. It was a review that I read here on Steam that motivated me. It was a negative one that claimed the pre-sequel didn't have the 'humor'. The reviewer claimed that Borderlands is 'all about the humor.' I was sold right then and there.When Borderlands launched, it was a fast paced fps with awesome co-op, a unique art style, and extremely dynamic gunplay that kept you on the loot hamster wheel for ages. The plot of the story was succinct, well voiced, and it packaged together into a well written little sci-fi adventure that puts a bright color pallet and cheery bow on what is otherwise a very Lovecraft-ian tale. The humor was a flourish; icing on the cake. The snide remarks, pop-culture references, and light-hearted take on insomnia, insanity, grief, and death matched the entire attitude of the game, but it was hardly the driving force. Borderlands is NOT 'all about the humor.'Borderlands 2 perfected what Borderlands had in the mechanics department, but there were so many times that I had to go to the audio options and turn the subtitles and dialogue off completely. Ignoring the fact that most of the 'comedy' in Borderlands 2 involves cashing in on mediocre memes, the delivery is non-stop screaming. You just plain get internet garbage hollared at you for the entire game. Between Tiny Tina, Handsome Jack, and the host of bandit bosses you encounter throughout the experience, it's hard to play with the sound on. If you happen to miss a joke or two, don't worry! It'll be explained to you multiple times; beaten into submission by repetition. Or even better still, don't worry about cringing and sighing at a failed attempt at humor, because another NPC will gladly cut in to the ECHO feed and react negatively to the joke FOR YOU! Thereby saving you the trouble, and making the joke even more hilarious in an appeal to the metaphysical.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is not a departure from the trademark Borderlands humor. It is instead a return to the style of   the original Borderlands itself. The screaming still occurs from time to time, but it is pleasantly subdued. Despite reviews that would claim otherwise, side-misisons are not simple, and they do add tremendous garnish to the story. The comedy of the game is simply experienced alongside the story telling, and it isn't relentlessly crammed down your throat or shouted down your ear canal. The combat is fluid, with even more dynamic gameplay given the addition of low gravity environments and the slam mechanic. Finally, the story is rewarding and open-ended. The DLC is novel and appealing, and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a perfectly justifiable and strong stand alone game in the series. I love it.If you enjoy the gameplay mechanics (and then some) of Borderlands 2, but preferred the story and dialogue environment of the original Borderlands, I highly recommend the Pre-Sequel. Invite me to a game, even, or I'll see you in Borderlands 3!"
76561197987324143,Not Recommended,261640,15093753,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,GoatsHeadSoup,"I really wanted to like this game. I am a huge Borderlands fan and have logged hundreds of hours playing the Borderlands games. Hundreds. Thousands, even. But I just can’t seem to be able to find a way to like the Pre-Sequel or even get a bit absorbed into it. Not even a bit.First thing is….I hate platformers. I hate them. I do not find them fun in any way at all. Sadly, the Pre-Sequel has so many platformer style elements in it that it made me crazy. Jump here, jump there, shoot while jumping, slam down from jumping, etc, etc, etc. They devs want you to jump so freakin much in this game that I found it really frustrating.There are devices in the game where you get bonuses for shooting while jumping; you get bonuses for throwing grenades while jumping; and so on. There’s “jump pads” all throughout the game that propel you into the air so you can jump some more, because the devs felt that you can never freaking jump enough for their liking in this game evidently.   And because a great portion of the game is played in a low gravity environment, your jumps take on a floating/flying/falling sort of feel where you have only a small bit of control over your character while you are in the air. Yuck.There are side quests that you cannot complete unless you find just the exact right spot to jump to get an item to complete the quest. I abandoned those quests after jumping wrong and falling to my death (and therefore losing some of my cash) so many times that it made my head spin. I died a hundred times by misjudging stupid jumps in this game and it made me sick. And beyond that, there are sections of the game where you MUST make blind jumps, where you can't see where the heck you're going to land. And you die. Boo.There are places in the game that you can jump to safely......but you can't jump out. And you die some more. Boo. It sucked all the fun out of the game for me. Maybe this sort of jumpy thing is your cup of tea, but it sure isn’t mine.Apart from the stupid jumping aspect of the game, I found the characters boring and dull, with action skills that were rather boring and dull, too. And the soundtrack music blows. Dreadful. Awful.The story line was kinda cool, though. It really gives you some insights into the whole Borderlands tale. Other than that, I am just broken hearted about this latest Borderlands installment.So, anyone have any ideas what else I might consider playing now that I am through playing the PreSequel? Oh, by the way, no platformers, please.Peace."
,Recommended,261640,29574470,Posted: 29 January,all,AbedsBrother,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel tells the story of how Handsome Jack progressed from being a corporate lackey to becoming the villain we know in Borderlands 2. It’s not a journey I asked to take, but since it’s here, I played it and had a good time – but with no camraderie, no Angel, minimal Claptraps, and little environment variety, much of the charm is missing. Gameplay is the same as previous games in the franchise, but now with oxygen tanks and low gravity. Worth a purchase for fans of the series and its co-op loot-and-shoot gameplay (which is as good as ever). New-comers to the franchise should look at Borderlands 2 instead; it is the better game.Total size installed on my hard-drive (base game + Season Pass): 10.4 GBThe story tells the tale of Athena, an assassin encountered in the first Borderlands game, and how she was employed by Jack to save Pandora’s moon from the evil Captain Zarpedon who has taken over the Helios space station and is firing the station’s laser at the moon to destroy it because reasons (whew, that was mouthful). Zarpedon actually does have reasons, and you can find some Echoes lying around that tell more of her story; she’s actually a really interesting character.But like so many of the characters in the Pre-Sequel, she’s barely there. Mordecai and Brick only appear in cut-scenes, while Roland and Lilith stand around in the Up Over Bar doing nothing (with two lines of dialogue apiece when clicked upon). Tiny Tina provides some voice-over in True Vault Hunter mode, but otherwise only has one or two lines. Jack tells jokes constantly, but is never funny – not even in a “I’m ashamed of laughing but I’m laughing anyway” approach. And apparently it’s impossible to have a Borderlands game without Moxxi or Crazy Earl. Marcus is NOT present, but his vending machines are everywhere, even in the most unlikely of places. In place of Scooter is Janey Springs, and she is a bright, cheerful addition to a cast that is frequently far too glum. Unfortunately, the Pre-Sequel’s attempts at fun and funny is mostly meh.The areas feel smaller. Unlike Borderlands 2, which featured a great variety of environments, the Pre-Sequel features one style of terrain – the rocky surface of Pandora’s moon – and any variety happens in the in-door levels. The low-gravity was fun, and allowed for some really creative jumping puzzles. The oxygen requirement was limiting, though. It discouraged random exploration, because I was frequently checking my air amount to make sure I didn’t run out. This concern is somewhat mitigated by plentiful air pockets in every level, but still annoying. Most enemies are recycled from other games (and re-spawn very quickly). Now we have Torks instead of Skags, and they’re animated differently, but their function and hitpoints feel the same. There are fewer bosses than in previous Borderlands games, but the final boss is awesome, taking place in more old Eridian ruins. Design and atmosphere is great, even if it was easy to slice through all the enemies (I finished my first run at Level 26).As in previous Borderlands games, there are tons of things to loot, but few of them are useful. All the beam weapons are OP; they even helped me to wipe out the Zarpedon boss in less than five minutes – SOLO. Find one (or more!), organize your build around it, and proceed to plow through enemies. A nice addition to the gameplay is the ground-slam. Suddenly, facing hordes of creatures doesn’t seem like a fruitless endeavor. Jump, boost to a greater height (which uses oxygen!), then slam back into the ground for area-of-effect damage. The slam can be customized and upgraded like everything else. I found myself avoiding fire-based elemental weapons because fire needs an atmosphere in order to burn – making their use situational at best. Ice weapons + ground-slam (which shatters frozen enemies) was a more than viable substitute.At the heart of any Borderlands game is the co-operative experience, and that is as good as ever. Getting four people together to save Pandora’s moon makes for a great time, with easy drop-in, drop-out. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is easily the lesser game of the trilogy, but it’ll scratch that loot-and-shoot itch. Recommended if you’ve just got to have more Borderlands.On DLC (I only have what is included in the Season Pass):- Two character classes, Handsome Jack and the Baroness. Seriously, Gearbox, stop cutting character classes out of the game to sell for an extra $10 apiece. Sheesh.- The Holodome Onslaught adds 10 more character levels and holographic horde mode. Having the character levels is nice, but the rest is like the holographic simulator in the Pinnacle Station DLC for the first Mass Effect. Remember that DLC? That’s right, no one does.- Claptastic Voyage is a great piece of story DLC – IF YOU ARE A FAN OF CLAPTRAP (there are claptraps everywhere). Go inside Claptrap’s mind, visit his memories, and try to find something for Handsome Jack. Some of the memories allowed Gearbox to re-use levels from the previous Borderlands games, and while it is done creatively, it just made me want to go back and replay those games. Decent story and the final boss is hard as hell to solo (I did manage it after grinding to level 38 and lucking into one heck of a shotgun)."
,Recommended,261640,30595627,Posted: 18 March,all,Dark Thespian*,"This game gets a lot of hate.  Depending on how you play Borderlands, it might be justified.  Since it's impossible to talk about this one without comparing it to the other games in the series I'm going to assume if you're reading this, you've played the other ones.  If you don't already like Borderlands, I see little reason why you'd like this one over the others.While there were minor graphical and engine improvedments between BL1 and BL2, this one had made effectively no improvements over BL2 from a technical perspective.  The main draw here is the different environments and characters.As far as characters go, TPS offers easily the best skill trees in the series yet -- very few skills do something boring like ""x% less recoil"", or those that do offer it as an additional effect on top of something else.  Skills synergize together to create different ways of playing the same character.  Each action ability feels functional right away, whereas in BL1 or 2 it often felt as though you needed to spent points in certain things before they felt worth using.  Similar to later DLCs in BL2, the characters will talk to quest givers and other NPCs, giving them some badly needed personality aside from ""likes to shoot guns.""The moon makes for a fantastic change of pace.  The low gravity makes for much higher (and floatier) jumping, and you can spend your oxygen to give yourself a boost.  And you'll notice I said oxygen -- unless you're in air bubble or other enclosed area, there is an air meter.  This sounds tedious, but it's not.  You'll usually have somewhere around 2 minutes of air, enemies drop oxygen canisters and there's a lot of interiors, air bubbles, or air vents.  You have to go out of your way for it to become an issue.  Low grav also gives you a slam attack as well.  All in all, the lowered gravity makes for a higher emphasis on movement and active play.The game falters when it comes to end game.  BL2 sported multiple DLCs, high end bosses, and multiple playthroughs with different mechanics.  While TPS has a Playthrough 2, it's not too different from the first playthrough, and there's very few high level bosses.  There's not a whole lot of DLC either, and one of them is arena style and is completely forgettable.Ultimately what this comes down to is what is the draw of the series to you?  If it's the character building, the humor, and wacky guns, it's all here, in an admittedly smaller but more focused campaign.  If it's the raiding and brutal difficulty of a third playthrough, you're not going to find that in the Pre-Sequel."
,Recommended,261640,33025494,Posted: 29 June,all,Ethan Korte,"This is a great game. I played Borderlands 2 first and when this came out it was amazing to see these characters backstories, especially Jack. I highly recommend playing Borderlands 2 first then coming back to this. The gameplay mechanics are very similar to the previous Borderlands'. The 3 major differences are: ozkits instead of relics, the addition of laser rifle like weapons (different from e-tech), and the reduced gravity, which always you to do a ground slam by pressing the crouch button in mid-air. Besides this the game is extremely similar to Borderlands 2, even having many of the same legendaries, just with different skins and names. The real reason to buy this game is for the story which I believe to be as good or better than Borderlands 1 and 2. Many people give this game hate for being a reskin of Borderlands 2, however I feel this is a stretch considering the quality of the story, mainly the amazing character arcs and plot lines. If you are already a Borderlands fan then definitely pick this game up. However if you're not already a fan then I recommend buying the other Borderlands games first and playing through those, then return to this."
76561197972637226,Not Recommended,261640,16451026,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DavisDA2,"Borderlands 1: 350 HoursBorderlands 2: 537 HoursBorderlands POS: 85 hoursI am a rabid voracious fan of this series.  I initially had no interest but got the first one on a steam sale at the recommendation of a friend.  It instantly became my new favorite surpassing the Zelda series, Doom series, and a few classic others.  I still vividly remember my first fight against bone head, nine toes, walking into Liar's Berg then fighting Boom Bewm with childlike fervor, and above all the masterpiece that was Handsome Jack!  The most awesome villain ever.Borderlands PS however has been such an insulting let down.The game is short.The levels are not very fun.The jokes are not funny.The vehicles are frustrating to steer.The season pass was a blatant rip off.In #2 I spent hours just looking for vault symbols and it was exciting to find them, this time it was just annoying platforming to find them and I just quit looking.The humor was awful this time.  Not sure if since this game was sub contracted to 2K Australia if I just don’t have their same sensibilities as the Aussie’s, or if they were truly just lame flat jokes(this one, it was this one).I absolutely had a stalker type lover for #2, but I didn’t care for the DLC.  I FREAKING LOVED the DLC for #1, all of it.  I believe Gearbox sub contracted the DLC for #2, but that’s ok, the main game was enough to carry itself easily since the DLC stunk.  They screwed their fans when it came to DLC for the PS.  Charging $10 a piece or 2 season pass slots for skill trees?!?  The game isn’t good enough to charge that much for another play through with a new skill tree.In summary the borderlands franchise is still my favorite of all time.  However the Pre Sequal was so bad I will be waiting for reviews of Borderlands 3 before I make a purchase to see if they turned it around or have truly jumped the shark."
76561198058788132,Recommended,261640,13396869,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,APost-it,"Basically this game is Borderlands 2 (B2) in space. It feels like an extra long DLC. If you haven't played B2, go back and play it. While I do recommend the Pre-Sequel (PS), B2 is better and I would advise grabbing the PS during a sale. If you loved B2 then I definitely recommend this game.Since the PS is very nearly like B2, I'm going to highlight the differences for this review.SPACE GAMEPLAY: The biggest change is the space gameplay: low gravity, oz kits, and butt slams. Low gravity allows you to jump higher and in midair you can glide to change your direction with an oz kit. Jumping and gliding is my preferred mode of travel. At first I was annoyed with the low gravity, but after going back to B2, I found myself trying to glide and wishing I could jump higher. Oz kits are the new relics. They allow you to glide and provide you with oxygen in no oxygen environments. They have a surprising amount of effects. Running out of oxygen is not a problem at all: there are frequently placed patches with cracks in the ground and Oz domes that refill your oxygen. Butt slams are as fun as they sound. They provide a new tactical maneuver that pushes enemies away creating some breathing space. Since I have the maturity of a five year old, I love using the oz kit that farts every time I perform a butt slam. I used it for most of the game and I'm still not tired of it. Butt slams are fairly powerful and can be performed every time you jump in the air.ENVIRONMENTS: About half the game is inside oxygen-rich areas and the other half is in low-oxygen areas with low gravity, which is a nice balance. The environments on Elpis are beautiful and the view of space and Elpis from Helios is fantastic. The interior environments are sort of boring, resembling other Hyperion structures from B2 (think Opportunity). With the introduction of low gravity comes the tendency for maps to extend vertically. While B2 maps were flat and spread out, many locations in the PS are designed for moving up or down. Provided jump pads launch you across the map or vertically straight into the air, allowing faster travel and setting up butt slams. Most maps that are flat end up being convoluted. Generally, looking at the map for an interior area is useless. Vehicles are almost worthless: locations either lack Moon Zoomy stations or are better traversed on foot. The Moon Buggy often clips with the environment, but the Stingray is fun. The worst thing about the environments is the sparse placement of checkpoints and fast travel stations. Nearly every time I die, I wonder, ""This is the closest checkpoint?"" Most locations have fast travel stations but there are some key places that don't. The PS is definitely smaller than B2.ENEMIES: The enemies lack variation. B2 has a wide variety of enemies; just for humanoids you have bandits, psychos, midgets, rats, nomads, nomads with shields, bruisers, goliaths, etc.. In the PS, you basically get a guy in a space suit with midget and bigger guy variants. The creatures on the other hand are interesting but they don't make up for the lack of enemy variation elsewhere. The bosses are all interesting and unique. You never feel like you're fighting a boss that's similar to another. My one gripe with them is that they aren't farmable by any means. For most bosses, it's like trying to get to the Warrior from Hero's Pass in B2.MAIN CHARACTERS: Low-level gameplay sucks with the new characters. You start earning skill points at level 3, but it takes about 15 levels until you can get a middle-tiered skill that really changes the game for you. Playing as Claptrap, I became far more lethal at level 14 once I got friendship novas, which emanate from any enemy you kill and heal you and your teammates. I've tried all the characters and my favorite character to play as is Claptrap (no joke). One great addition to this game is the fact that your character responds in a unique way in dialogue, sort of like the characters did in Tiny Tina's DLC for B2. I really enjoy this feature because it gives life to each character. By far Claptrap's lines are the funniest. Athena tends to be serious; Nisha is provocative; Wilhelm plays the calm badass.NPCs: The NPCs in this game get very little treatment, with only a handful getting a backstory. Obviously this story is about Jack so he gets plenty of attention but most new characters are relegated to the side. Remember seeing the nurse Nina in previews of the game? If you play the main campaign you interact with her once. If you do the sidequests, you get one mission from her. Where's the backstory? You only get a small indication of her personality. Also I was also hoping to see more of Angel's relationship with Jack prior to B2's events, but she is absent from the game. Most of the characters in B2 received significant additions to personality from the first game. You really get to know them from their echos, dialogue, and missions. Don't expect the same in the PS.STORYLINE: (In general there are spoilers in this section, so to be safe, skip it if you don't want the story spoiled.) On the whole, the story of Jack's descent into the man he is at the beginning of B2 is a decent one. It's slow at first but picks up in the middle. However, Jack's transformation feels rushed. SPOILER ALERT (Last warning.) At the beginning Jack seems entirely like a good guy. He wants to protect Pandora and Elpis from the deranged Zarpedon. Yet his methods are questionable and fall into a morally gray area. By the end he's the delusional and power hungry Hyperion CEO. Although the story felt rushed, I definitely enjoyed seeing Jack's transformation. The biggest issue I have with the story is the premise: Athena is captured by Lilith, and Lilith forces Athena to relate her entire experience with Jack. Except, as we come to find out, Lilith and Roland are there with her and Jack for most of the game and they know most of what Athena knows. In a nutshell, it feels forced. Also I dislike the ending with Lilith and Jack's final encounter---Lilith's actions were pointless and stupid. (SPOILER END.) Luckily I don't play Borderlands for the story. Comparatively, the plot in B2 is better than the plot in the PS.MISCELLANEOUS:The Grinder is a welcome addition to Borderlands. It allows you to turn unwanted guns and gear into potentially better items. It's great for turning low level legendaries into higher level legendaries.Lasers and cryo guns are entertaining and powerful. Freezing enemies and meleeing them into pieces is really effective. Lasers come in a variety of types such as single shot, continuous beam, and rapid fire. Overall these gun types are useful and fun.Now in multiplayer, you can view your teammate's inventory and skill trees by just walking up to them and pushing a button. It doesn't even require the teammate's approval.The trash button has been tossed---now there are just non-favorite items and favorite items. I don't like this system because the auto-sell button sells any non-favorite items. Since Borderlands is all about finding better loot, I'm constantly upgrading my gear and selling the old stuff. It's easier to have non-favorite items and trash items, and auto-sell trash items. I wish they kept the three-tiered system that was in B2.BOTTOM LINE: Definitely recommend for those who love the series. If you're unsure, purchase during a sale. While my review seems generally negative, it's because those things stood out the most. For me B2 did almost everything right, so the negative things in the PS are noticeable. But overall I love Borderlands, so I give this a thumbs up."
,Recommended,261640,22882322,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rossi1911,"If you love Borderlands franchise, go buy this game.But is it worth the full price? NO.The good:- Laser gun- Cryo elemental- Low gravity environment and the usage of oxygen kit. Since you spend most of your time in Elpis (Pandora's moon).- Play as CLAPTRAP.The bad:- The campaign is short.- Only 1 raid boss to fight.I recommend to buy this game when it's on sale though.7 / 10"
76561197987394544,Not Recommended,261640,12733847,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Blackie,"Price paid: $80 USD (Australian steam store)Gameplay Hours: Around 30 (all sidequests finished)Play-through: SoloRecommendation: Only buy at a discountAs I came towards the end of Borderlands; The Pre-Sequel I was disappointed and relieved.This game had so much potential, and after seeing the review scores on an Australian games show of 9.5 and 9.0, I bit the proverbial bullet and bought the full price release.What an idiot.About 5 hours into the game, I consciously noted that I hadn't even so much as smirked the entire time.ContentThe writing was uninspired. Living in Australia, I can appreciate a few of the references (eg. “Red Belly” instead of “Ned Kelly”)…But as a whole, I just didn’t get it.Even I couldn’t understand what they were trying to say, so good luck if you're an international buyer.I didn’t get the humour, didn’t appreciate the forced Australian accents, and certainly didn’t enjoy the characters. AT ALL.Borderlands 2 was amazing due to its memorable characters, but I couldn't tell you who these new ones are even if you paid me. Handsome Jack (aka “Jack”) is a shadow of his future self.There was one thing that particularly annoyed me. Indigenous relations’ has always been a problem here in Australia. There is only one obvious Aboriginal character in the entire game, and he stands there getting drunk while incoherently sending you on a side-quest. While I normally find cultural stereotypes and mild racism amusing, it’s done in such a cheap and demeaning way that even I am offended.GameplayBorderlands 2 – except less enjoyable. There’s no point using fire weapons as 70% of the time there's no atmosphere for them to be useful in. Cyro is ridiculously powerful. The Oz kits don’t change anything, and changing Oz kits doesn't change movement.There's so many invisible walls it'll drive you insane. So many fake rocks you'll die while trying to jump on them.THEY COPY AND PASTE SIDE-QUESTS. There is literally a quest that has the same character, same horde-mode style gameplay, and SAME FREAKING DIALOG. What a joke, how lazy can you get?Loot:I found an Oz kit at level 3 which I still use at level 31 – it heals you when you pick up O2 canisters, so I’ve never had to heal, ever. Practically every enemy drops an O2 canister. The series has never been about balance, but seriously? Weapons given through quests are uninspired. The progression of loot is slow – you’ll still be playing with the same basic ones throughout your first play-through.And that’s where I stopped. One play-through was more than enough for me, thank goodness I didn’t spend $30 on a season pass, especially being shafted for $80 USD.TL;DRWhat a step down in quality. This writing can f*** right off. Take all the fake Australian colloquialisms, gibberish and shove it. I feel like I need a shower after all this crap.4/10(updated the score from a 3 to a 4. It functions, but for a game that the same requirements as BL2, same engine, same everything, I find it hard to accept the numerous bugs.)"
76561198153525998,Recommended,261640,23589655,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,schonjakob,"Listen, ONLY buy this game if you truly love borderlands, specifically BL2. Why? Because its just a massive dlc pack for it, without your old data. Buy it when the price drops, but I still recommend it.Note: Its faster, and feels shorter than 2, mainly becase it is, and levels and plot go by much faster.Still, its fun, its crazy, its deadly, Its still borderlands"
,Recommended,261640,28598065,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TheShiroosh,"Not as good as BL2, but still super fun with friends."
,Recommended,261640,12479733,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ZzZzZ,"This game is really good.A new hud and new visuals doesn't make a game, content does. And this game has a ton of content.First of all, let me start with one thing. This game is surprsingly DARK compared to the last two Borderlands games. Prepare your morality.Now that that's done, let's carry on.PROS+Borderlands The Pre-Sequel does not disappoint. I have to admit, at first I was super worried about dying of oxygen loss, but the devs were able to make it so losing your oxygen doesn't really make you worry. Oxygen is every where, and if you DO run out, your health depleted at around less than 1% per second, so it isn't a threat to you at all.+The low gravity also helps a lot. The use of buttslams makes it more fun to flank enemies, and makes the combat even more fast-paced. Slams also work in places with oxygen, as long as the area doesn't have aritifcial gravity. This also helps for easy second winds. If you were to jump accross the area, and get shot down, chances are you'll land right close to another bunch of enemies. This gives you an indirect and accidental edge against enemies, which is also good. Additonally, certain oz-kits can make your low-g experience more fun and fluid, I personally use the air control ones.+Now about lasers, one of the most advertised parts of the game. Let me put this straight, they're awesome, and really powerful. They also act as psuedo-gun types for each brand. You want Dahl Shotguns back? Have A LASER ONE THAT FIRES AROUND 3 LASER BOLTS PER SECOND. There are also different types such as the railguns, beams, and repeaters, but different manufacturers can give each weapon type an edge due to their special attributes.+Cryo weapons are also fun, and not just in the visual kind of appeal. It's more tactical than slag. Slag was just like ""shoot enemies with this and then hit them with this"". It even stole corossion's power, which made it even crappier. But cryo is super fun to use. The simple charm of butt stomping a single enemy ( EVEN MORE FUN WITH A TEAM) just puts a smile on my face.Also, A LOT OF  unique weapons with red text can compete with legendary weapons. Like AN EXPLOSIVE JAKOBS SHOTGUN.Now we have the CONS. Every game has them.-Let's start with a really annoying one, the checkpoints aren't kind. The maps are bigger for verticality purposes, but some checkpoints can be too far enough that they end up stingy and unforgiving.-Next, the vehicles. While the stingray is a pretty fun vehicle to use, I can't help but feel disappointed in the lack of variety. The moon buggy is okay at best, although it's more of the same with classic Borderlands vehicles.-Nisha's whip is terrible, unless you get the Law and Order skill tree capstone. Don't expect to melee a lot with her.-The side missions are the same with past missions, where you have to go and kill the thing while getting the other thing. Personally, I don't mind this since Pre-Sequel has the best combat in a Borderlands game so far, but other people might not....Overall, Borderlands TPS is a great time. Unless your emotions will get the better of you SINCE THIS GAME IS PRETTY DARK.An 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,261640,12584112,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Critz,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel:So far I have enjoyed this game and have completed the entire campaign on both normal and true vault hunter mode for every single character. I have also done 80% of side missions for every character and have farmed for almost every single farmable legendary.One of the most common questions asked about this game is ""Is this game all just a big DLC?"" and the answer to that question is yes. All of the menus , weapon brand names and also certain legendary weapons from the previous Borderlands game have been used here. The games campaign and all side quests will give you around 18 hours of solid gameplay. You will then have the choice to enter true vault hunter mode which strengthens enemies and bosses etc. There is also the farming side of the game with many legendaries to find.New Additions:Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel have added some extras too. The oxygen system is new to the series which means you can only survive in space with an ""Oz Kit"" Oz kits allow you to perform a ground slam and also to breathe. Oxygen in the Oz kit also depletes the more you are outside an oxygen bubble. This whole mechanic never seems to be a problem and oxygen isnt scarse or isnt hard to find. Enemies have about an 80% chance of dropping on oxygen tank to fill up your Oz Kit.Another small edition to this game is the Grinder. The Grinder is found in ""Concordia"" (The equivalent to Sanctuary in Borderlands 2). This allows players to grind 3 of their unwanted weapons (Usually the same quality) and gives them 1 weapon of a higher quality. This is a great addition to the game as it allows players who may not want to farm to try their luck on the grinder. I have grinded for legendaries many times and have saved a lot of time looking for the legendaries myself.New Characters:The new characters in this game are very unique all in their own ways. All of their skill trees are very in depth and all do different things depending on which skill tree you choose to route for. These characters however do not go together as well as the previous characters from Borderlands 2 as all of their skills dont exactly fit together. Almost every single character you can choose from fits into the story well and you can see how they got into the state they were in Borderlands 2.Setbacks:Although the game has a lot of good things there is always going to be something bad about a game. First of all the AI are exactly the same as the AI from Borderlands 2 which arent exactly the best. Ive seen AI run into walls, jump off the map and just generally being idiotic. Maybe they could update the AI in some sort of patch? I dont know probably not.The driving in this game is also quite a struggle if you're new to the franchise, especially the new stingray vehicle.  Moving your mouse to change direction takes the vehicle a lot of time to realise and has often made me fall off the map multiple times.Getting a weapon you want at the start of the game is also quite a challenge. There are many vending machines placed around the map at the start but getting a weapon from one costs money (The money you dont have). On my playthrough Ive spawned with some sort of SMG whereas my friends have spawned with shotguns and snipers. This random weapon is selected based on what character you choose which in my opinion should be changed.Summary:Overall I think this game is a well developed and well set out game for either long time fans are new players. I highly recommend this to people who enjoy playing RPG games with friends and like to farm and collect certain items. I also recommend buying the season pass as from the past Borderlands game we were given way more than what we payed for. This game is 100% worth the £30 it costs and I highly recommend you take a look at this game!Overall Rating - 9/10"
,Recommended,261640,12690588,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,AngryBoz68,"Developed by 2K Australia in cooperation with Gearbox, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel! fills the gap between Borderlands and Borderlands 2 by taking the player to Pandora's moon Elpis and telling the story of Handsome Jack's rise from lowly software developer to CEO of Hyperion and his transformation from being a somewhat likeable jerk trying to save Pandora's moon into a complete jerkwad.Players of Borderlands 2 will feel right at home as the Pre-Sequel uses the same engine and interface as Borderlands 2.  This can give an impression that the game is more of the same and those impressions would not be entirely incorrect.  The Pre-Sequel does a lot of things safely and does not attempt to stray too far from the traditional Borderlands formula of rediculous humor, face-shooting action and lots of loot.  Along with a shortened experience, this makes the impression of a very long expansion pack for Borderlands 2.Even with the similarities, the game does offer quite a bit of new content and features to the Borderlands experience:We get a new story which details the events between Borderlands and Borderlands 2 and get to see Jack transform from a fairly likeable guy to a complete jerk by the end.  The story plays on moral ambiguity and veterans of the franchise may find themselves actually having a liking of the ""villains"" and a despising of the ""heroes"" from the other games.  The story definitely plays on matters of morality and perspective that can have the players questioning who are the true heroes of the series.  Voicing for many of the moon's inhabitants is done from an Australian perspective which makes the environment feel like a ""Land Up Over"" Pandora.  There is a lot of Australian humor embedded in the game, especially in the various side-quests which can be a plus or minus depending on whether one ""gets"" the jokes.  The ending of the main story was a tad perplexing but was a clear setup for the events coming in Borderlands 3.There are 4 new vault hunters in the Pre-Sequel and they are all characters which fans of the franchise will recognize.  Claptrap is finally a playable character and his skill tree is very unpredictable and fun in a Claptrap sort of way!  Wilhelm the Enforcer has a pair of drones named Wolf and Saint which provide a balance of offensive and defensive capabilities.  Wilhelm also has a cybernetic tree which actually changes the character's appearance and voice based on the selected abilities.  Athena the Gladiator is a bit of a tankish class with a shield that can absorb attacks and be thrown at enemies.  Nisha the Lawbringer has a gunslinging capability that works much like an aimbot and grants a lot of weapon buffs.  In addition, the player characters are now fully voiced and have a part in regular conversation with NPCs outside of combat which is a very nice change.New weapon types have also made it into the game.  Cryo weapons replace slag from Borderlands 2 and you can now freeze (and shatter) your opponents.  Laser weapons are also included and are a replacement for e-tech weapons from Borderlands 2.  Lasers come in different elements and varieties like bolts, beams and continuous beams.  I found the continuous beams to be especially powerful effects and favored those weapons.  Lasers generally come with an incidiary elemental type, but could also less-frequently take the form of other elements. In addition to the new weapon types, an upgrade system in the form of a grinder permits the player to discard 3 weapons in an effort to get a single weapon of better quality or attributes.  This grinder requires some experimentation to determine which recipe of discarded weapons are required for a desired outcome and will probably appeal to those who like to experiment and tinker in-game.The low-gravity environment on the moon is perhaps the biggest feature change to make it into the game.  The low-gravity environment extends jumping greatly and gives the game a more vertical combat mechanic.  Artifacts are now replaced with O2 kits which supply the characters with oxygen on the moon's surface.  This adds an O2 management feature to the game where the player needs to be mindful of O2 levels to avoid suffocation, but some of that O2 can be sacrificed to allow for extended double-jumps and the ability to do a ground slam attack which will damage enemies in a radius.  Overall this feature felt pretty good and oxygen management was not too much of a burden as there were plenty of places to refresh the player's oxygen supplies before they ran out.  Players who do not want to worry about suffocation can play as Claptrap, who does not need to breath, but can still equip an O2 kit for the advantages of double-jumps and ground slam attacks.There are some interesting changes that appear to have made it into the game at the requests of fans.  The enemies appear to scale more gradually than they did in Borderlands 2 which helps with difficulty spikes between playthroughs of the game.  Another benefit is that vending machines now finally scale to the player's level!  More frequent legendary drops and legendary gear in the vendors should be a welcome change for many.  Also, the appearance of more legendary gear in the vendors has a side benefit of actually making money important again.  Many of these changes harks back to the days of the original borderlands and reverts back some of the less popular changes that made it into Borderlands 2.There are a few annoying items that I experienced while playing the game:Veterans of Borderlands 2 will notice the lack of a couple of features in the Pre-Sequel, most notably the ability to do a reset of mission progress as well as the ability to reset challenge progress.  I personally find these omissions confusing since they were already part of Borderlands 2 and the inclusion of those features do much to extend replayability of the game.  I only hope that these features will be added into the game via a future patch.Another annoyance is that the raid boss is an upscaled version of the same boss that was encountered at the end of the main story.  This feels like a pretty lazy raid encounter and I am hoping that more creative raid content will be included with future updates.I did find a few bugs during my first playthrough of the game.  I had a crash to desktop at character creation of all things, though I could not reproduce that crash and did not experience any others during the course of the game.  There are some small graphical issues like clipping and some of the laser effects remaining on the screen when they should have long dissapeared.  There was a door to the first boss that would not open for me since it was waiting for other players, but I was running solo at that time.  I was able to get the door to open by simply backing away and reapproaching the door, so there appears to be a slight glitch with that as well.  Other than the single crash I did not experienceanything completely game-breaking.Overall the game is a competent, although brief, entry in the Borderlands franchise.  Fans of the series may have a feeling that the Pre-Sequel is much-of-the-same and does not offer enough to warrant the $60 price of entry.  DLC and content patches may help fill in the gaps where the game is lacking, but I am not one that approves of the practice of using post-release DLC to fix issues with the release version of a game.  The game is definitely worth a look for existing fans of the franchise, though I would recommend getting it during a sale if possible."
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,261640,13757538,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Woodsparrow,"In complete honesty, this game is more of a long expansion pack from Borderlands 2.  It's irritating where BL2 was endearing, and obnoxious where BL2 was funny.  I'd say skip it if you haven't already played BL2, and if you have, there's not a lot here for you any way."
,Recommended,261640,20577480,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Momo <3,"- Assault Rifles are finally useful- Lazer weapons have close to no bloody recoil- Legendary weapons drop almost all the damn time- Moonstone is better, screw Eridium- CL4P-TP has the saddest story for the most annoying thing in the game- Cryo destroys everything- Badass Jacks can complete the game while you eat your prata- Cryo Storm can complete the game while you eat ice cream- Pay $10 for seasonal pass so you can  complete the game while eating ice cream prata- SH4D0W-TP cannot be beaten at all- Bosses always have 2 phase because this isn't their final flipping form- Money is as hard to get as real life- Game makes you walk more than you ever did in Borderlands 2- Wait for sale before buying because who the hell buys full price anyways9/10The vehicles make you want to press e and just walk anyways"
,Recommended,261640,25390992,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chocolate Sailor,"Overall score: 7.5/10Did I get my money's worth?: Yes, tons of potential play time hereRecommended input: Keyboard/mouseIt pains me to see all the hate for The Pre-Sequel. It's a good game that's a lot of fun, but people don't like it because it's not as good as Borderlands 2. Truth be told, they're right, but this is no less of a good game.TL;DR: Yes, I recommend this game, but no, it's not as good as its predecessor while being all too similar and almost anyone else will tell you the same thing. If you're new to Borderlands and are looking for a good game to start with, start with the second one. If you already own the second one, consider TPS. With that said, the remainder of this review will be focused on those who have already played the second one.There's plenty that I like about TPS, even in comparison to BL2. The new characters are fun and each have more fufilling stories than previous playable characters (as long as you don't count BL1's characters being major parts of BL2's story, but that's besides the point). The characters are all very different from each other and all the characters we've had in the past. Characters like Roland and Axton are very similar, as is Mordecai to Gaige and Brick to Krieg, and although they all played very differently, characters in TPS felt more fresh than those in BL2, albiet guilty of some similarities as well. Overall, I feel that the characters were thought out well in terms of story, personality, design, and functionality.The story itself was satisfying, filling the information gap between Borderlands 1 and 2, the Pre-Sequel delivers on the name that it's sold on. It was great to not only learn about the new characters but the old ones as well - Handsome Jack, particularly. Unless I'm missing something, all questions that I had were answered without any plotholes, paradoxes, or anything else to ruin the story. It fits like a glove and I commend Gearbox on letting this new chunk of story slide seeminglessly into place. They may or may not have had TPS's story in mind when making BL2, I might never know, but they've gotten me to believe it anyway.Being a bit of a grinding game after the first playthrough, TPS made it more enjoyable to play through it the second, third, and fiftieth times by having the characters interract more with what's going on and have entire changes of NPC dialogue based on who you're playing as. This may seem minor, but it's a breath of fresh air for those who have made it through the gauntlet of maxing out past characters. As much as I love Borderlands, the same dialogue becomes daunting after playing through the story so many times and I was pleasantly surprised to see that this has been remedied.As far as everything else that is entirely new, the oxygen boost jumps are great and the butt-slams are really fun and change the pace of righting hoardes of enemies. Together, these are two things I actually miss when I play BL2 and something that I hope stays in a smiliar state for Borderlands 3. Cyro is okay - it's a replacement for slag that better suits the story, but it's a downgrade overall for those who relied on slag in BL2. While I liked the idea of ice and felt that BL2 would have been better with it included, I don't like it as a replacement. Admittedly, it makes much more sense to have than slag, both with the environment and story considered, so I'll have to let this slide. Lasers were a decent new addition, but nothing that wowed me. Glitch guns, on the other hand, were really satisying to get and experiment with and I enjoy them a lot more than Seraph and Pearlescent guns.I wouldn't argue for a moment that TPS is better than BL2, but let's be honest, it didn't need to be. BL2 gave everyone what they wanted and TPS is still a good game and an excellent addition to the Borderlands franchise for all of us who wanted more."
,Not Recommended,261640,13219940,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MoLMF,"This game is a serious step back for the series.First, there is a near complete lack of difficulty. Obviously Borderlands 2 needed Ultimate Vault Hunter mode to be enjoyable, to not include that at launch for this game was a huge mistake. Normal mode and True Vault Hunter modes are complete wastes of time- they offer no challenge at all, other than possibly boring the player to death. In addition to a lack of difficulty, there exists almost no endgame to speak of at all.There is less gun variety than there was in Borderlands 2.  In Borderlands 2, every manufacturer of a type of weapon had a legendary weapon for that type at launch. For example, Maliwan made pistols, so there was a legendary Maliwan pistol- the Thunderball Fist. This is not the case in Borderlands the Pre-Sequel. There is also a lesser number of total unique guns in general as well. Of the unique weapons that do exist, a great many of them are simply remakes of the Borderlands 2 variants, some of them retaining even the same names and skins.Character design has also taken a step back, in my opinion. This is debatable, of course, and would depend on your personal perceptions of each character from both games. However, I find Borderlands 2 character design to be much more diverse and fun to play than in the Pre-Sequel, and I would imagine a majority of people feel the same.The campaign is shorter as a whole, but with a fairly interesting story. The dialog has become more “Social Justice Warrior” based though, as Anthony Burch’s head ascends further up his own rear. It’s almost as if you can smell his colon when playing the game. This is not to say the game is without its funny parts, however- they do still exist, albeit more rarely.Map design is perhaps the greatest regression in this game compared to its predecessor. Whereas Borderlands 2 has several great and replayable maps in the vanilla campaign, the Pre-Sequel has nothing I find worth playing for fun. Borderlands 2 had maps that drew players in just for the gameplay and scenarios they presented, the Pre-Sequel does not. Many maps are just plain irritating to even explore, feeling empty and dead. Gameplay is slower and enemies are less varied.The game lacks SLI and Crossfire support. PhysX implementation is still horrible. It still runs off DX 9. It still lacks multicore and threading support, running less efficiently on AMD processors. Basically, it’s easy to see that this game was made to fit on the entirely obsolete Xbox 360 and PS3 and is lack luster tech wise as a result.Overall, I would not recommend this game to anyone at the moment, and it is a very big letdown. I have over 1500 hours in Borderlands 2, and am a huge fan of the series."
,Not Recommended,261640,13661626,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zacharius,"Borderlands 2: Moon Edition is an expansion to Borderlands 2 that comes with its own expansions. It managed to take the questionable pacing found in its predecessor, and make it even worse as the pendulum swings back the other way. You will likely need to find a zone to farm before endgame just to reach the level cap. Fortunately, all the reloading that comes with resetting a zone will introduce you to the best gameplay mechanic to farm legendary items: the vending machine. In addition, you will also find fan service in the form of some familar faces, such as items clipping through the floor, automated pickup still failing, and slag 2.0.Overall, I give the game a solid 4/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,20854782,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Don't,"This is an early impression review.I'm 6 hours into the game and rather disappointed. I've played the dickens out of Borderlands 2, so when Borderlands: The Pre-sequel went on sale for $20, I decided to finally take the plunge.Cons:Political correctness and censored vulgarity seem to be the new order of the day. Mr. Torgue's censored speech was always good fun in the previous game but now all characters eschew bad language in odd ways. Darn, dang, etc. It rings hollow. It seems like Gearbox and 2K were trying to make this more family friendly in the hopes of turning Borderlands into a wider media property and in doing so betrayed a portion of the game's heart which had previously made the game stupidly fun. You fail when you need to preach at and brow beat your audience into submission rather than presenting a multi-dimensional situation which allows the player to decide what, if any aspect, is right.Writing & voice acting are limp and seemingly inept thus far. These areas were always great in previous incarnations yet they are amazingly bland in this game. I know the actors can deliver great performances, as we've all heard before, but they seem to have been given terrible or careless direction when performing, then again, they weren't given much to work with from what I've heard so far. Some characterizations seem to have entirely changed. Moxxi isn't flirty, she seems annoyed or disinterested in everything at best, etc.Humor, or lack thereof. This goes to the previous points, writing, voice acting, and characterization. I don't need meme-laden reference humor all the time, and that is absolutely in here, but there doesn't feel like there is any meat here. The wit, zing, and bite of the previous jokes are gone. We're left with something barely tepid.The game engine is virtually the same, not that I expected them to overhaul the entire thing but there isn't much in the way of new visual wizz bang doohickeys.Items, including moon rocks, seem to disappear entirely. I'm not sure if this is a bug or a ""feature"". In BL2, items seemed to stay put until you got round to collecting them. Items do disappear from crates you've opened, if they are vented into the vaccum of space. Also, be prepared to lose a lot of items when killing bad guys, especially when they're flying over the inummerable areas you can't get to unless you want to instakill yourself.The moon buggy is horrid to drive. Get ready to repeatedly kill yourself when trying to make some radical jumps, dude. :P I'd compared it to Mass Effect's Mako, but at least the Mako could jump over obstacles properly.Oxygen as a constantly depleting vital resource, it's annoying. There are many chances to get the O2 you need to survive but this is an aspect of games that I personally hate. It limits exploration and that may be intentional due to lack of game content.Seemingly less content overall. The hard disk footprint is about 6GB smaller than BL2, that's with all DLC for both installed. Some have complained about the story, I assume length is a major factor, I'm not far enough to judge that or narrative.Pros:The music is pretty great.Some grindy challenges seem to have been done away with, finding vault symbols, collecting all echo recorders in odd locations, etc. I could be wrong as I'm not too far into the game but it seems slightly less grindy in this area.Moon rocks seem more plentiful than eridium was, thus slightly less grinding.That's about it so far.Conclusion:There is no polish to be found here. Borderlands: The Pre-sequel is little more than a quick buck cash grab, or so it seems at this early juncture. Add a new location, and a couple new elements, then mix it up with all the old BL2 concepts, reskin it, and they have a ""new"" game. They had a hit with BL2 and tried to remake it as fast as they could for another win on the scoreboard, it didn't work too well.This would have been more fitting as a large expansion pack for BL2. DLC outside of the Season Pass, for that game.It seems like reheated cafeteria food. You can eat it but I'm not sure anyone is salivating for it."
,Recommended,261640,29904236,Posted: 13 February,all,shadowevil1996,"It's about time that I have done a review for this game.So, as you can see by my insane hours in this game, yes this game is good. I would even say the insides of this game are even better than Borderlands 2. The ONLY problem I have with this game is the lack of content but that is kind of unfixable since 2K Aus. shut down, since they were the ones whom developed the game.But yeah, all the new additions are awesome and all of the DLCs are worth it, maybe not the holodome to a point but the character DLCs are among the best, and the claptrap DLC is one of my favorite DLCs Gearbox has ever made.So if this game is on sale, you should pick it up. If you enjoyed Borderlands 2, you will love this one for sure."
,Not Recommended,261640,13123595,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,๖Red Squirrel,"*sigh* Sad to say it but this game is pretty much bl 2 in space.It's short, repetative and generally boring.Pros-Some fun guns-Pretty good voice acting (mostly Austrailian because of the devs)-A few cool locations, Concordia is a pretty good substitute for sanctuary-good action skills, Nishas is quite OP but fun as hell :PCons-shorter than 2-not the best of stories-likes to make you sit around listening to people speak-boring mechanics-vast amounts of just moon rock-too many recycled legendaries-and more that I cant be bothered to type out xDSo in short do i recomend this? No not at full price, this would've been better off (as many have said) as a big expansion to 2. However in a sale definatly, if you liked 2 you'll like this one.If you havent played borderlands before go buy 2, alot more fun :)"
76561198011234003,Not Recommended,261640,12490254,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Fuzzshums,"After some thought I've had to change my original review of the game.Originally I started playing the game and loved it. Now, however, I no longer feel the same way.I can no longer recommend this game, especially for those who are looking to play borderlands for the first time.It would definintely be better for players new to the series to start off with borderlands 1 or 2, essentially buy borderlands TPS if you are in search of additional, yet not up to par, borderlands content.I rate this game 5/10.In comparison to past borderlands, this game seems less innovative, less memorable, predictable and drawn out at times, and more difficult (in an annoying sense, not as a fun challenge).Much of this post will be negative, so I will quickly mention that if you have enjoyed borderlands 2, this game is very similar and will probably satisfy your basic needs for new borderlands content much as it did for me. However, IMHO, it is definitely not worth the 60$.Borderlands TPS truly seems like a lengthy DLC, at times, one that is lengthy and boring. Although the game itself is not long, the story appears to offer very basic objectives that are then drawn out by some other event in the game. (I.e. much of the game is straightforward yet suddenly an obstacle occurs to prevent one from completing the objective and therefore a new lengthier path must be taken to perform the simply objective).Additionally, this game has proven to be, at least for me, that hardest of the borderlands so far.Not only have I found it harder to aquire a weapon that I like, but I also find that the weapons and characters are generally weaker than the enemies or that the enemies in this game are very strong. As another reviewer put it, often you will have to backtrack to former areas and complete quests that do not offer as much exp as they should or spend an hour grinding just to level up and be able to continue with the story quest. This is extremely prevalent in playthrough 2. In fact, the quest exp in playthrough 2 is horrendously bad.Again, the story seems boring and forgetable.The most dissapointing thing I've found, however, has been the 'raid boss' at the end of the game. Without spoiling anything, the raid boss essentially shows VERY minimal effort and is overall a huge dissapointment. If you thought, like me, you were going to (at least if the story was boring much like it is) quickly boost through the game and enjoy thinking of ways on how to beat an impossible raid boss, you will be deeply dissapointed.I can no longer recommend this game, at least not until the DLC comes out. I hope the DLC in this borderlands can come to offer more than the initial game. I plan to complete playthrough 2 and will add more as I see fit. Thanks for reading.--------------------------------------------------Additional findings------------------------------------------------------------Pros:Cons: Ammo seems to be very sparce when it comes to those seeking to use a single weapon type. For example, ammo chests that are supposed to carry 6 different stacks of ammo will usually be filled with only 3, generally of the kind you do not need. No longer to chests seem to prioritize ammo the player is drastically low on like in borderlands 2. Additionally, ammo is EXPENSIVE in the machine.For example, weapons, at my level,  will sell for 1,000--2,000$ in a vending machine.To fill my laser gun, I need to spend $15,692. As laser guns burn through ammo very quickly I am finding it difficult to sustain use of one of the few guns I have enjoyed using in the game so far."
,Not Recommended,261640,12845336,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Feenris,"Note: if you are new to the series, get Borderlands 2 as it offers much more than this installment. Read review for more information.Just a couple of months ago i decided to get Borderlands 2 on the steam summer sale after hearing much of its critical acclaim; being one of the most fun multiplayer game to have graced our generation. Such is true, and it is only one of the many reasons what makes it a very great game. Very quickly, I fell in love with the game.After it ran out of content for me, I turned my head towards the series' next installment; The Pre-Sequel. Naturally since i was extremely into BL2 I pre-purchased a copy of TPS right away.Now, TPS runs the exact same engine as BL2 so much of its banes and boons are similar to it. This review will essentially compare TPS to BL2.One of the main selling points that has been heavily advertised in TPS's trailers is the setting that is Elpis, Pandora's moon, has zero gravity and oxygen (aka vacuum). This leads to the game incorporating a couple of new gameplay elements; zero gravity jumps, oxygen kits and butt-slamming.Zero gravity jumps are pretty self explanatory, when you are in vacuum you will jump higher than you would in atmosphere. It also feels more 'floaty' and movement midair is much slower.Oxygen kits, or dubbed in-game as oz kits, are also pretty self explanatory, you need them for travelling in vacuum. As you travel in vacuum, the amount of oxygen of your equipped kit slowly depletes over time and if it reaches zero it will eventually inflict a DOT(damage over time) unto you, so it is important to always keep your oxygen levels up. There are also other ways to consume your oxygen. Now in TPS you could sacrifice your oxygen to revive your multiplayer pals much quicker than reviving them conventionally. Another way to consume your oxygen is by double-jumping, which is yet another new gameplay element introduced in The Pre-Sequel.Butt-Slamming is basically crouching when you are midair, once you hit the ground while crouching you deal an AOE(area of effect) damage which depends on the oz kit you have equipped and is also directly proportional to the height which you begun crouching midair(or if im wrong, then its basically the height you jumped before buttslamming).Personally, I love these new game play elements. I am not an avid FPS gamer and by no means one with deadshot aim, so these unique mechanics move a step closer towards to being another 'unique' gameplay-oriented FPS which i just can't get enough of.So other than the new gameplay stuff whats different about TPS? Have they fixed the issues that has been addressed for their 2 year old predecessor? No, not really.What really irked me in BL2 is the audio placement of the dialog amidst the mess when players go guns blazing, you could hardly hear the dialog. Also, dialog gets cut off way too often without us knowing that new dialog would be triggered after entering a certain area. Yes, this issue is still in TPS which really, really infuriating. Gearbox fix this already please.Story in TPS is good but by no means fantastic, as we all know it tells the story of BL2's famed, fantastic villain, Handsome Jack's rise to power. Development is as expected and there really isn't much of a 'wow' factor in it.Elpis is a joy to be in with its vacuum and atmosphere setting but honestly there really isn't much else going for it compared to Pandora mainly because its size is way smaller. Different areas feel too similar and some segments are really a pain. There are some questionable level and quest design structures which really makes the game boring at one point.Pacing in the game is also quite problematic in the game. The first few hours have extremely boring missions and little to no development of story. Thankfully, once TPS's pacing finds its grounds, it gets really exciting and fun.EDIT: I previously said that the difficulty of the game is nigh impossibly hard but after the recent update I will amend it. So turns out the newest update that was rolled out really 'balanced' the game and right now it kind of feels like TVHM (new game+) has really not as much difficulty as it did before, and that is a bad thing. Too much of its difficulty is abolished and now the game feels like an utter cakewalk. Hopefully Gearbox will address this issue and raise the difficulty higher. Also since it is guaranteed that UVHM (new game + +) is going to be rolled out with the latest DLC/update (i vaguely know about this so forgive me if i am wrong) perhaps it is then that the difficulty would be raised. During this DLC/update, i hope that the difficulty would be raised significantly but more importantly, it has to have a plausible difficulty curve unlike what i found to be an insane difficulty curve when entering TVHM before the 'balancing' update. Again, this talk about difficulty is fairly relative and I apologise if any of you find it otherwise.Everything else in TPS is simply the goodness of BL2, witty dialog (although alot feel kind of too reused), interesting characters, exciting loot, and of course, an unparalleled multiplayer experience.All in all, BL:TPS is a great step towards the 'unique'-gameplay FPS genre with its new mechanics and has alot of what made BL2 great, but also thats what makes it feel all too similar. There is/are less content, pacing issues, familiar settings all over and tad overused humour which makes it feel alot more inferior than BL2 since TPS is asking for a full fledged price of 60 bucks. Like most have said; it is essentially a massive BL2 expansion and by no means does any better than BL2 as a standalone game. The price of the game as it is currently would only be justified by how much you loved its predecessor and so it is not recommended that you get this game until it goes on discount to say, 30 bucks. It is a step back from BL2 but objectively speaking, it is by no means a bad game.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,12486408,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mechwarrior,"So I'm about 4 hours in and it's pretty clear how rushed this game was. Quest items flying away, cars randomly flipping, getting thrown around for no reason, even that inventory glitch from the last game where it would highlight the item on the other side of the screen is here now. They made your characters actually talk to the NPCs now which is nice but it seems like they just kind of added it later in the development as an afterthought. Athena especially has really unnatural dialog. Oh and there's tons of lol funny memes XD XD.A lot of people are saying that the game just feels like an expansion. It definitely feels like a stand alone given the work they had to do to make the new world and dialog and everything but the reused assets are pretty glaring. We once again get the same old buggy with a reskin, though thankfully the turrets are new this time. The Hyperion ammo boxes from the last game are practically the only ones you'll see. The generic human enemy types are still the same with a reskin. Even the jokes are reused, like the medical vending machine run by someone else says ""don't die you good for business."" There's lots of other examples I can't think of off the top of my head.The most obnoxuous part of the game is what the social justice warriors have done with it. Midgets have been renamed to ""Lil people"", Characters have to clarify that their jokes were sexist and that that's horrible. Hell the game has a profanity filter. Every curse word has to be bleeped out. If they were going for a T rating they might have an excuse for that but they got an M so there's no reason to filter out profanity like we're children. Oh and they ruined Moxxi.Overall if you're a die hard Borderlands fan and you're really, really desperate for new content then you'd probably like this but otherwise save your money and let Gearbox learn a lesson from this."
,Not Recommended,261640,19073125,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Shears,"Disappointing if you were a fan of 1 and 2.Characters are weak. Dialogue is all tuned for Australians. Low gravity slows down gameplay. Loot system (as of my last playing) was garbage at the end game. Level design runs the gamut. There's a few decent areas, but a lot of them are poorly done.Story suffers from the ""why see Titanic if you know how it ends"" syndrome.If it seems like the review doesn't make sense because I've put in 90 hours of time, keep in mind that I was a pretty big fan of 2, and I put in 500+ hours on that. I wanted to love this game, but the spirit of it is gone."
,Recommended,261640,28984345,Posted: 3 January,all,Antacity,"This game gets a lot of hate, mainly because people complain that it ""doesn't have as much content as borderlands 2"". Cool. This game still gives you hours upon hours of content. I'm coming up on 100 hours in this game and I've only played one character, and I'm not even done.PROS:If you're a completionist, like me, you'll spend a lot of time doing every mission and killling every enemy. All the characters actually have personalities (believe it or not). I've seen a lot of reviews slamming Janey Springs, but who else echos you and asks how you're doing? Hello?Some people complain about the legendary drop rate. I don't get why, I've seen 4 legendaries in the vending machines and I've picked up around 5 from bosses.Claptastic Voyage is one of the best DLC's ever. I mean, come on, your inside Claptrap.I've yet to play either DLC character, but I haven't heard anything bad about them yet.The game, unlike BL2, has a lot more skill points that you can use if you're playing in a group, such as having Saint heal teammates and Athena's shield healing teammates in a small circle and giving them second wind when down.CONS:You find that legendary weapon in Stanton's liver and you try to pick it up, but you realize: you aren't badass enough.10/10 great game"
,Recommended,261640,29310069,Posted: 16 January,all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Let's get this out of the way. The Pre-Sequel is easily the worst game in the Borderlands series. Design so often falls short of what it set out to do or works against itself. Despite that, it does enough things well enough to give it a cautious recommendation.If you know the gist of the series, you know what to expect here. (If you don't, start with Borderlands 2.) Pre-Sequel makes some changes from 2 but so many of them don't live up to expectations. Class builds are *extremely* synergy-oriented, which allows for some really cool, highly differentiated ways to play when you get them off the ground, but it takes a long time to get those Rube Goldberg machines working, to the point that you're probably most or all of the way through the first run of story mode before your character really ""clicks"" and you play meaningfully differently from anyone else. That's a long time to wait and pretty much pre-supposes that you're going to stick around for True Vault Hunter Mode (new game +) to see how the game is really meant to be played.These kinds of well-meaning design screwups are the norm. It sounds nice not to force each class into a particular gun type, for example, but when everyone on your team wants that cool new legendary that just dropped, you begin to see the wisdom of pigeon-holing each character into a different weapon group. It also causes problems in investing moonstones (TPS's counterpart to Eridium) to upgrade max ammo capacity. Athena, for example, doesn't care about the weapon type as much as the damage type, so you can easily find yourself spending moonstones upgrading shotguns, SMGs, assault rifles, AND lasers, needing a giant heap of stones every time you find a good gun in a previously unused family.The oxygen/slam system feels bolted on. Oxygen kits give you air that rarely matters in a vacuum and make it possible to make large jumps and powerful ground-slams that rarely work in atmosphere. The same vacuum/atmosphere split also makes incendiary weapons a lot more disappointing.And finally, the campaign is a dull slog and loot drops have been tuned to only really be rewarding when you defeat bosses, which makes discovering loot pretty disappointing and kitting out a high-quality murder machine mostly a game of boss-grinding. Lame. The ""loot grinder"" machine was supposed to add some more consistency to it but other than reliably getting you your legendary class mod, it mostly just eats purples for no reward.All that said, TPS shows off the best writing in the series, with a lot to reward attentive players who keep coming back. It does a great job of showing a sympathetic side to Borderlands 2's main foe Handsome Jack without muddying the waters; it's clear he's a bad guy, but we have a better understanding of how he got there.And while synergy-centered builds take *entirely* too long to get off the ground, they can be immensely rewarding. The pure anarchic joy of playing a Claptrap who explodes every time he shoots, hits a target, loses his shields, falls to the ground, or does pretty much anything at all, for example, is something that should delight powergamers and funhavers alike.Overall, TPS is a deeply flawed game but there's enough moments of true greatness to justify giving it a try. Wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,261640,13492592,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,itz_d3str0y3r,Having put about 150 hours in i think i am safe to make a review. To start off with my first playthrough was fun and i did enjoy it.. But that is about all i can say that is nice about the game.The game crashes alot! - fixed maybeNo end game what so everloot that you can't get do to really low drop rate...like nevernon farmable bosses adds to the no loot and no end gamephysx still borken - some what fixed maybeoz kit not really fun just giving you one more thing to deal withSlow story and to tell you the truth the story kind sucksRaid boss is just the final boss with more healthlist can go on but you get the pointIf you want to play the game once and that is it pick it up really cheap and don't buy the season pass dlc sucks just as much if not more...other then Jack.I loved Borderlands 1 and 2 more then 4000 hours in the first one on xbox and about the same between pc and xbox on Borderlands 2. Love the series just no TPS....
,Not Recommended,261640,12754957,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ryouta,"Bad game? No.Short Game? Oh most definetly.Un creative and 99% copy pasted? Mhm.I understand that this is the gap between 1 and 2, but the thing is, take away the side missions in this game, its so short it could of been another DLC pack for BL2. and *spoilers* It might as well be considering that its told in a flashback. You go to the moon, shut down a singnal, kill the boss, get betrayed, find a vault and get punched in the face. thats this games story. Besides like, 4 legendary guns, cryo, lasers and low grav, nothing new was added that i could see. All but 4 or so legendaries have been copy pasted or renamed and reskined, oxygen isnt even a problem in this game considering you suffocate so god damn slowly, characters are bland, (aside from athena imo) skills are un interesting and a lot of the characters are just plain annoying. Janey and Pickle are the biggest offenders imo.Is it a bad game? No.Does it feel like a rushed game to meet the crying needs of fans? Oh hell yes.Is it worth the price tag? Not even close. 30$ at most is what i would put this for. Choice is yours."
,Recommended,261640,23512103,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SamuraiScientist,"The game itself is pretty good but it doesn'tfeellike a true Borderlands game to me, it's kinda hard to explain.Some-what of a break down:-The game has pseudo 3D movement, you can do a pseudo double-jump, or boost jump which allows you to hover for a few seconds, while in mid air, you can slam to the ground, dealing damage to enemies-They scrapped slag and replaced it with cryo, which is more useful being that it can freeze enemies in place and deal DoT-Almost all the vault hunters are recycled characters, Claptrap from the series as a whole, Athena, an NPC in the first Borderlands, then you have Nisha and Wilhelm(spoiler)optional and story bosses in BL2 respectively, then the 2 DLC characters are a Jack doppleganger and (only original one) Sir Hammerlock's sister-The story isn't as good as say, they second game but you see how Jack became the twisted mad-man (or moral grey-area hero) he is when you meet him in BL2-These are more nit-picks but the laser weapons I feel, most of them have to much kick to be lasers and the 'Scavs' aren't as interesting as their bandit counterparts, never got a chuckle from them unlike the banditsAll and all, could have used a lot of polish only pick up if you really like this series and or want to learn more about how Jack a villan and Handsome."
,Not Recommended,261640,12757156,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Zagran,"This game is technically an expensive DLC for ""Boderlands 2"" it should be an expansion to ""Borderlands 2"" instead of stand alone game.Positives:+ It is Borderlands so the characters are interesting and funny.+ Seeing the story of ""Handsome Jack"" was fun and interesting.+ The playable characters and the classes are unique and different from each others.+ Characters interaction is a nice touch and fun to hear.Negatives:- The map is small and the zones are not interesting.- The game is  shorter than it predecessors.- End game content is lacking and all the loot is reused again in it ( 80% of ""Borderlands 2"" legendaries r used again in this game but with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ version )- A lot of bugs ( nothing new and I hope they fix them )Thought:If you want to play it wait until it is on a sale. I do not think i will sink my teeth in it like I did with it is predecessors."
,Not Recommended,261640,12499913,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Lucky Pepper,"When you strip away all the layers of fluff, this game is fun in the same way Borderlands has always been fun. We play these games because shooting stuff is fun. We play these games because looting things is fun. Based on that alone, this game is great.Looking at the game as a whole, however, we basically have an over-priced, low-gravity Borderlands 2 expansion.Pros:+ Shooting stuff.+ Players are addressed by name...sometimes.+ Player characters have dialogue. (Though Athena is like a robot...)Cons:- The humour is realllllly lacking. They're trying way too hard, here. There are some moments you might get a chuckle out of, but for the most part the game isn't all that funny.- Players are still addressed as ""Vault Hunter"" from time to time, and quite often the game just always assumes you're in a group. (When playing single player, being addressed as a group of people just seems weird.)- The novelty of MOONPHYSICS wears off pretty quickly. It makes the entire game feel slower.- There is a LOT of backtracking.- Quality of loot is mostly awful.I want to say ""there's a lot more to it"", but there isn't.If you love Borderlands, you'll find things to enjoy about this game, but wait for it to go on sale, and wait for some DLC to come out. As it is, $90 for the base game and future DLC is far too much to pay for what's there. $60 for Game+Season Pass would be far more reasonable. (Even then, there isn't even $30 worth of content here in the base game.)"
,Not Recommended,261640,13502153,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kynji,"I really, really want to love this game and give it a thumbs up, but ultimately I have to recommend that you wait to buy this game until it's on a VERY good sale, or avoid purchasing it at all.The game is mechanically almost identical to Borderlands 2--the only new mechanic is mildly interesting, but does add annoyance to the game. You have a slot for an oxygen canister now, and when your oxygen runs out on the moon, you need to quickly find an airvent, or airlock to enter. Since there is oxygen every few feet, this really doesn't add difficulty to the game. However, the plus side to the no-oxygen atmosphere is the ability to jump high with the low gravity and slam back down to the ground, injuring enemies. You can also use oxygen to boost your floating in the air.The game itself feels short, and so I think it should have been a $20 DLC---it is certainly not the quality or length of what we've come to expect from a Borderlands game. The world feels rather empty at times, the enemies repetitive, and there isn't much difficulty even to the bosses. They're just bullet-sponges.There are humorous moments in the game, but not many. The characters are sadly forgettable (not that they can ever top Tiny Tina). There are what I presume to be pop culture references, but this game was made by 2K Australia and as an American player they were mostly lost on me.If you haven't played the Borderlands 2 DLCs, I strongly STRONGLY recommend those over the Pre-sequel. They're the most fun you can find in the Borderlands series and won't set you back $60. Even on sale, I wouldn't purchase this game unless you're comfortable expecting it to be a sub-par continuation to the series."
76561198044885062,Recommended,261640,24759649,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Microbomber,"It saddens me how many people dont play this game because of the jumping mechanic, or it's ""boring"", or it's ""short"". This game is not short, my playthrough took about 40 hours, not including DLC. The game has just as many funny moments as Borderlands 2, with the same style of humor (maybe the people who liked the humor in Borderlands 2 have just grown up a bit). It introduces low gravity as a VERY intuitive system to get around the map, and with a quick press of the crouch button, you can be on the ground in an instant, which is definitely not something to complain about. Anyone who enjoyed running around and shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥up with new guns (NOT a bad thing) will love this game, as I feel the sotry is more in depth than Borderlands 2 and gives you sooo much needed backstory. TL;DR LIKE BORDERLANDS 2? BUY BUY BUY"
76561198047915166,Not Recommended,261640,30301745,Posted: 3 March,all,Netatsake,"It's a good game, don't get me wrong. If you liked Borderlands 2, but didn't really reach endgame (IE Max level, UVH OP 8) then you'll like this one just as much. There's not too much difference, save for new mechanics and different characters. But the game hasn't really got any worthwhile endgame content compared to Borderlands 2, so if you like it enough to get through to max level, don't expect to stick around afterwards unless you wanna start over on a new character... It's not worth it.The game has quite a lot of content, albeit less than Borderlands 2, and while it definitely feels like you're playing Borderlands 2 in a new map with some new gimmicks for the most part, it's not quite as good. I've seen people complain about drop rates, but that's just a Borderlands standard - you're pretty much going to have times where you'll have absolutely nothing at your level and are having problems as a result. It's a mainstay of the game and it kinda drives you to actually look around a bit more, take more time to notice things and to find the places where you can actually get loot. But I digress. There's plenty of sidequests, though a lot of them are admittedly 'go here, talk to this guy, go here' kinds of things, with not a lot of them being particularly memorable or giving out very good items. Borderlands 2 was better about it because there were plenty of unique guns you could get exclusively from quests that were really good (fibber for anarchy gaige anybody?) but TPS doesn't do as much of that. I'll say that there's a bit better balancing in this than in BL2, namely in the previously mentioned Gaige build being able to destroy pretty much everything with zero effort. But naturally some characters are stronger in different ways than others. An example, your best tank is a girl who's pretty much immune to damage 75% of the time. And she absolutely destroys things at the same time that she's taking all this damage.Back to the aforementioned endgame, though, because this is what made this game so bad for most of its playerbase. There are only three raid bosses. If you don't count the seasonal raid boss that replaces one of them. Two of them are completely unimaginative in that they're literally EXACT COPIES of the final boss - not even reskinned, literally exact copies - but buffed up with more health, damage, and stronger minions. And even buffed they don't compare to the all-encompassing power of Terramorphous prior to the UVH releases, and how good he was for making friends at the time since the means of cheesing him wasn't discovered yet and he was impressive, both in difficulty and in size. Terramorphous was one of the first bosses in the game that would smack you in the face and tell you to bring friends. There is nothing like that in TPS. The closest thing is Iwajira, and he's not exactly hard even without cheesing him. Which yes there is a place you can go that works much like Terramorphous', but you have to work a bit harder to get to it. But even that guy doesn't compare to the raid bosses in Borderlands 2.With the lore-required removal of Slag as a combat element, given that it predates Borderlands 2, they had to dial things back significantly in the difficulty department because you couldn't abuse the damage buff of slag. So TVH and UVH ended up being 'replay the game with a few new enemies and others buffed, but it's basically no more difficult.' Kinda like old school Diablo 2 and 3. Drops are better, experience is better, but otherwise the game doesn't change much. Which is unfortunate because with the introduction of Cryo damage and how it works, it's very possible to freeze-lock about 90% of the game's enemies with no effort. With the right character, you can do this starting at level 3. There's enemies that can't be frozen or resist cryo, and bosses by and large can't be either, with a few exceptions. But most of the enemies are bandits who like to jump around. And what does an ice cube do when it hits the ground usually? That's right, it shatters. Flying enemies that can be frozen are cake. Bandits that jump around are cake. Bandits that you can see are cake. Cryo makes almost everything far too easy. Especially if you're interested in running a melee build, though admittedly I haven't found any quite as ridiculous as Zero's."
,Not Recommended,261640,18645045,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Zihamiya,"This game is not bad but not really good either. Borderlands 2 was so much better. The missions in Pre-Sequel is not creative, unique and fun like they were in Borderlands 2. In this game it's a lot of running back and forth, pick up a thing and deliver it, go from point a to b and then back to a again. It becomes tedious and boring. The grinding parts are not fun. Pre-Sequel also feels more uptight than Borderlands 1 and 2. But I think that the space-themed setting is great and the graphics are beautiful.Sadly, the story wasn't especially gripping or interesting. I hoped it would get more interesting the longer I played but no. They could have made Jack a bit more ""likeable"". Yes he is the bad guy but come on, give him a bit more depth. He feels one-sided and stereotypical. It's boring and predictable. I don't really see a reason as to why I should help him with his missions. I have played through the storyline as Nisha but she felt one-sided too. Where is the depth?Is it worth playing? Maybe. It got the same action-filled, hectic hyper-pace as the other Borderlands games. It's open world-ish and a fun co-op game. But I can't recommend it because the quests and story are meh and the characters feels flat."
,Not Recommended,261640,13044918,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,TheNickname,"I have pretty mixed feelings about this game.1. It's more like DLC to Bl2.2. It's not interesting. Shooting at enemies in, again, Bl2 is way more fun.3. No actually new enemies. Tork = Spiderant. Scav = Bandit. Dahl Lost Legion is the same Bandits or Hyperion Engineers. They just renamed pld ones.4. No new weapons. Yes, Laser are cool, but still all weapons are the same. Even Legendaries (Laser Leg do not count).5. They put too much hope on CL4P-TP (aka FR4G-TP). He isn't unique, as the've been saying.6. Short story line. It ends on level 25 (In Bl2 on level 30-31). And we don't have actual base. In Bl2 it's Sanctuary, where we taking most of the quests and buy ourselfs stuff. In Bl: Pre Sequel they tried to make Concordia as Sanctuary, buuut they pretty much failed. We don't have resons to go back there. Only for Black Market. But good thing in history is that it's interesting to watch how Jack turned into maniac, opened the Vault and got these scars on his face.7. It's not worthing it's money. + Season Pass you buy separate.8. Good thing is talking ""beind the scene"". Comments about what's happening on screen.I guess that's it. I could say way more stuff about too huge location's with no vehicle's on them, but i won't. : )I reccomend to buy it on sale or ask someone to buy it as a gift. : )But Bl lovers won't see anything new here. Only Jack's backstory."
76561198077101759,Not Recommended,261640,20545504,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,A regular plumbus,"This is one of those games that seems to be a great game at its core but is weighed down by millions of flaws piled on top of it. The combat in this game is great, the low gravity and double jumping makes the combat (especially the boss fights) really cool. It also has the best selection of weapons ever in a borderlands game adding new laser weapons and overall better weapon aesthetics.The bad part? It's poorly written. This game was made by 2k Australia so by extension it was written by Australians. Now I have nothing against Australians but because it was written by people from a different culture with different humour all the funny content from previous borderlands games seems to be replaced with a big inside joke which I'm not a part of. Even humour aside the story is dull and I find myself not caring about any of the characters and it seems neither do the devs because scripted dialog from other sources commonly cuts off the main story. The game quickly turns into a repetative cycle of go here kill this with the story progression and questing that feels straight out of an MMO.So as far as gameplay goes, its pretty good. But the bad writing makes me shut it off after about an hour of playing.edit: It also doesn't like AMD graphics cards, I get frame drops down to 35 on an i7 4790k and 390x so be careful."
,Not Recommended,261640,13203161,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Alias_2v10,"Most bosses do not respawn, very lack of end game, too many returning guns from Borderlands 2, HORRIBLE patches/hotfixes since release. Overall this game is going downhill fast. This game is NOT WORTH over $25 at this point."
,Not Recommended,261640,17199840,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Steelbros1,"Honestly, this is a game I can't recommend to almost anyone. I loved Borderlands 2, I loved the character of Jack, I loved everything about the game. Then along comes the Pre Sequel. I just can't bring myself to like the game, it has so much bland humor, the jokes wore thin after a bit, and the game didn't do anything really different. It feels like a big chunk of DLC except with more Australian NPC's. The gunplay felt even more boring with the slam mechanic, the movement was kinda cool with a bit more verticality, but it was just dull. It was such a drag to the finish, it was almost unbearable. Even the DLC for the game was ""Meh"" at best, two characters, one new full mission through Claptrap, and a slaughter dome, just like 2. The DLC wasn't even close to worth the money, and the game wasn't near worth the price, even on sale."
,Not Recommended,261640,14025167,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,"This game...I really wanted to like it. I pre-ordered it because I like 1 and 2 so much. That's a mistake I won't be repeating though. The game opens incredibly strong with a great hook in the form of its initial level, and then it opens up into the big wide world complete with vehicles and side quests and quirky characters.This is the moment in the other Borderlands games and good open world RPGs when the game usually becomes awesome. But for The Pre-Sequel it's actually the reverse. This is when the game gets bad. The middle 80% is just...boring. The side quests are mostly simple fetch or kill affairs, with little to no importance related to the main story, and certainly requiring no real decisions or strategy to complete. And the bulk of the main story itself feels like a loosely tied together series of side quests.I found the new characters to be annoying to the point of turning the audio off and relying on subtitles (Pickle in particular). It just seems like the character design was much worse overall than the other Borderlands. And the writing in general was much worse. It wasn't funny. Most of the jokes were just dumb.My single biggest complaint by far though is the leveling system. It was purposefully slowed down from Borderlands 2 to make the game take longer. And wow, it shows. You take longer to level, longer to get better loot. And because weapon quality is related to level it means that for most of your first play through that even just firing a gun is a challenge because you're more worried about controlling the huge amounts of spray than actually hitting anything. I was extremely frustrated by this reduced pacing at every turn.The graphics also do not do well on a modern system. The engine is dated, and it shows.I went into this knowing it was milking the series, but I was still confident it would be that loud, crazy fun experience that the first two games were. There are glimpses of that bookending the game, but it's too little too late compared to all the exhausting hours in the middle."
,Recommended,261640,25044634,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Don't call me spooky,"Not a bad game, but it doesn't quite live up to the success of its predecessor. UVHM is much more fair and forgiving, cryo is superior to slag as in addition to providing higher critical hit damage, melee damage, and explosives, it also freezes or slows those affected by it.There are a few moments where I feel the boss fights were a bit unfair (Deadlift and Zarpedon).The problems: No slaughter dome.Some weapons are locked behind an arbitrary wall that requires either having Borderlands 1 and 2 installed (or rather just save files) some items that require Tales from the Borderlands and/or the season pass.Many enemies are not easily farmable for their special drop requiring several minutes in between attempts, special setups, or simply not possible.Too few fast travel stations."
,Not Recommended,261640,31648711,Posted: 9 May,all,MDuh,"The game rubbed me off the wrong way at the start. It felt different from the previous borderlands due to the low gravity it has and the annoying wildlife that behaves like a Matryoshka doll. You kill a big one, it spawns 2 smaller ones, you kill those smaller ones and spawn more lesser creatures, it was very annoying for me. Add the fact that items flies so far and sometimes even out of bounds due to low gravity, some quests becomes impossible to complete and the only things you can do is restart the game.Even though pre-sequel added more mechanics like O2 breathing, slam, grinder, moonstone upgrades, freeze element and laser guns. I feel like this is the weakest in the franchise. The amount of annoying bugs almost made me drop playing this game. I always start with a sniper when playing borderlands and the hit detection on this game is bad (mostly because of the bad hitbox in the environment). There are uneven floors that you will get stucked even though it is flat. Enemies phasing and clipping on random♥♥♥♥♥♥ Insta-gib deaths for no reason whatsoever??? NPCs talking in comms even though they are dead already and just many more.While the game was starting to redeem itself using gravity in it's advantage introducing platforming, started getting interesting with better missions as well as the cool alien aesthetics at the end, it was not enough for me to warrant a recommend for this game.BL2 > BL:PS > BL1"
,Not Recommended,261640,17327073,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,fatpa,"No wonder why 2K Aus got cut =,.=The longer I play the more boring the game gets!No wonder why all my friends return back to BL2.And... the enemy's lv rises as my own rises, but the rewards for mission are just the same =,.=, WTF!"
,Not Recommended,261640,21986464,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dexio,"I really wanted to write a detailed review for this game but it annoyed me so much that it's not worth the time.Here the tl;dr version:-overall bad level design.-way to many enemys on to small areas-forced and unfunny ""aussie-humor""-bad voice acting-boring quests ( running from ""A"" to ""B"" just to go to ""C"" etc )-due to the whole ""moon""-setting the game feels terrible slow.I'm really dissapointed. This is clearly the worst Borderlands.If this would've been a DLC for Bl2 it would be ok.But it's not worth a standalone , especially for the price of 40€."
,Recommended,261640,27846870,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kreature,"Do I like the game? Yes.Is it worth the full price? Definitely not.Only a few hours in and I've already had to restart the game multiple times - quest markers not showing, NPCs getting stuck so you can't proceed with the quest, not being able to talk to quest givers... and since this is a 'checkpoint save' type of game, you restart and spawn back at the very beginning of whatever you were doing.I was a huge fan of Borderlands 2 and all its DLCs, and while this is still playable (somewhat), I would only recommend buying it at a heavily discounted price."
76561198038252089,Not Recommended,261640,12506953,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Saint Darksorm,"Long post, sorry...I tried to love this game. I tried as hard as I have ever tried. As a huge fan of the Borderlands series, This game looked like the best thing to ever happen. I watched every ad with wide eyes, and preordered the second I was able to. I even bought the season pass, as Borderlands 2 more than delivered on its price for its season pass. When the Presequel finally came out, I had booked several days off worked, stocked up on food, and prepared to delve into another adventure into the borderlands universe. Barely an hour later I was standing away from my PC, shaking my head, and regretting my blindness.This game is bad. Not legendary 'bad', just bad. From gimmicky mechanics which interfere with your gameplay (Goodbye rare weapon headed for low orbit!), to ridiculously unintuitive level design (Because instant death pits immediately outside of vehicle spawns are fun, right?), to length padding of the worst kind (Hey, you got the thing! Now go get three more from the other corners of the map!). However, this isn't the worst part, not at all. Both previous games had their glitches and faults. However, what they did have was fun. Hours upon hours of childlike fun, especially Borderlands 2. Even the worst areas in the game (I'm looking at you Sawtooth cauldron, padding based level that you are!) are still enjoyable, although perhaps a bit tedious. This is where Borderlands: The Presequel fails. It simply is not FUN to play. Oh sure, it has interesting gimmicks, such as low gravity, Oz kits, Laser weapons, and plenty of eye candy, but this isn't what makes a game fun. A game is fun when its has honed gameplay mechanics, well designed levels, creative enemies, good music, enjoyable characters, and passable writing. The presequel has none of these.- The gameplay mechanics are pretty much ripped right from borderlands 2, icons and all, with virtually no change at all, bar their gimmick of gravity and air; you control exactly the same on the ground. The mission are padded beyond belief, resulting in grindfests which will last ages. Get used to hearing the phrase ""A few more components"", as it is used a lot, along with ""wait we have to go here first"". Metroid style backtracking in a FPS...- The levels are a bunch of interconnected linear paths of which you will be backtracking along most of during the story missions (cause backtracking is one of FPS gamer's most beloved mechanics!). And yes, I said story missions. Not side missions sending you back to somewhere, but straight up backtracking in th mandatory story missions...- The enemies are almost completely reskins with one or two quirks. The soldiers are just hyperion soldiers with more health and medics, the scavs are just bandits with jetpacks, the Torks are just spiderants with corrosive attacks and wallclimbing, the Rathyds are just Rakk with a more sustained attack, and the infected are just rats with helmets (Because rats weren't hard enough to deal with, and now they have headshot immunity!). The few enemies that aren't reskins, like the Shuggaths, are ridiculous. Huge floating sacks with tentacles with elemental attacks. Then the game begins not even reskining enemies! Yup, straight up throwing Stalkers at you with no explanation other than ""R&D department"" (Because again, everyone loved the guys, right?). Even a thresher makes an appearance!- The music is uninspired, and a very poor followup to the soundtrack mastery of Borderlands 2. The entire score is par for the course in a sci-fi based game, and has no high points, just a mediocre soundtrack to your mediocre journey.- The characters... Oh god... Every lovable trait in any returning characters has been scrubbed away to make room for the Memes, such as Moxxi, who is now only innuendo, instead of the clever character from Borderlands 2, who had surprising levels of depth to her.. There's no originality in the new characters either, just a shallow representation of a single character trait, which is then amplified to truly irritating levels! The Australian character is a mechanic/homosexual/story-writer/blackmarket-dealer, who has almost no relevance past the first few missions, and is a poor followup character to Sir Hammerlock, whose role she fills. The British kid is... British. A pickpocket/junk-dealer/information-dealer/salvager who ends up WELL overstaying his welcome in one mission which has the most padding out of all the ones I played and only serves to remind you that you're not done yet! Jack is the one who has suffered the worst, though, coming across as a jerk right from the beginning and only getting worse as the game advances. Wasn't the game supposed to be his fall from grace, the story of his transformation from decent leader to the tyrannical dictator that we all loved to hate? Well, he starts as an♥♥♥♥♥ and stays that way the whole game.- The writing is uninspired, lazy, and predicable. Plot points are forecast way in advance (Hmmm, an AI companion? Hope shes not gonna go crazy!), are often lackluster, and most often serve to make the game's characters worse. Again, Handsome Jack just become less and less enjoyable, and his actions aren't justifiable in the least throughout the game.In the end, The Presequel is a disapointment. It fails to live up to its hype, and even its previous incarnations. The gameplay is slow, the lootdrops even wors than BL2, the bosses tiresome, the vaunted GRINDER being just another moneysink... The only things in this game that work flawlessly are the elemnts that they ripped from BL2's chest. Heck in some portions of the levels you can see that they would import loot containers, but not change how some of them looked, resulting in a design clash that rips you right out of the experience.My advice? Don't buy this. I know it looks shiny and crazy, but thats on the surface. It is dull grindfest on the bottom that somehow takes the Borderlands Formula and makes it boring. Play Borderlands 2. Play Borderlands. Don't play this. Maybe once the price on a 75% sale, but even then, think carefully.Final veredict: 5/10 (only for the stuff ripped from BL2)"
,Not Recommended,261640,19894331,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Guynemer,The company that created this game doesn't exist anymore because it did such a bad job.Do you really want to buy this title?
76561198056630686,Not Recommended,261640,15893564,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,GTU,"If playing a game begins to feel like a chore, it isn't worth it. This feels like a chore."
,Recommended,261640,26856167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LaoNan,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a breath of fresh air in the cold vacuum.Some people think that the game feels like a continuation of Borderlands 2 in all aspects, however, we can see a fresh take on combat and exploration, story and quests;Game introduces several new non-playable characters that will help you in your adventure;Four new playable vault hunters will show powerful action skills designed to aid in battles against humans, monsters, and machines;And as without about new picturesque landscape by itself.I think Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel still offers some the best of what the series has to offer: good loot, good laughs and good times for many hours."
,Not Recommended,261640,12506381,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Goob,"Ho boy, where to start? I have about 70 hours on Borderlands, and 300 hours on borderlands 2.The good: It has the borderlands name.The bad: everything else. The humor is lacking, the guns are the same, the low gravity is awful, its buggy as all get out, and well....its just boring. I played for about 2 hours, and I am probably not going back. No worth 60, could've been a dlc, and not even that good of one.But I know how to fix it!Erase all your game files from borderlands 2,  reset all of your badass ranks. Start a new character.Viola!!!!  A new borderlands.Heck, if that isn't good, go in the way back maschine and start a new game of the first Borderlands...steam got the multiplayer workinnnnnn.... :-)"
,Not Recommended,261640,13682161,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jack Mehoff,"I used to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, until it hit me. IT'S JUST LIKE A ♥♥♥♥ING CAMPAING DLC FOR BORDERLANDS 2. If you're wondering what to buy, this or borldernads 2, GO BUY BORDERLANDS 2 INSTEAD. I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing borderlands maniac, go look on my profile when i'm online, i almost only play borderlands. Also, 2K, don't nerf the drop rates... ♥♥♥♥ING INCREASE THEM, WERE HERE FOR LOOT.But all in all, go buy borderlands 2 goty (game of the year) edition instead. This isn't even worth half the price (maybe).But all in all 4 realz this time, 2K australia did a really bad job on this piece of garbage."
,Recommended,261640,19706667,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,VandeGarde,"Borderlands 2 is still unto this day the most fun FPS ever made. The Australian team who agreed to make the next one must have been very brave. There was no way to make a better follow up.They made a few good decisions. They made it a prequel on a moon and they added 'air control' and weightlesness. It works for me. It's not as good as 2 but having played the living daylights out of it I really enjoy the Pre-Sequel. The humor is not as good as 2 but the characters and the gameplay are.O, and just like Borderlands 2 the DLC's are very good and fun to play."
,Not Recommended,261640,12505356,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Luckyshyco,"-All subject to change-So far this game has been nothing but a dissapointment. It's an unfinished alpha of the game with nothing more than new names and reskins. Literally nothing is differnet besides new gun types and the removal of other gun types. The Oz kit gets in the way more than not because sometimes you find yourself struggling for oxygen and there is nothing you, and the new cars are so horrific that you can't steer barely at all, and the gravity becomes extremely high once you are in a car. Me and my friend had a great time getting stuck in a pit that you have to go in for a side quest, only to find that there is no way out other than jumping off the edge and killing yourself. He also had fun taking screenshots of me walking through walls and pipes and ground pounding through towers. We even found one account of a wire system that cut off in the middle of no where in the air, and the wires were not running through the electric poles, but instead just randomly in the air with no sense of texture at all.Update: The more you go through the game the more you notice these horrible glitches and bugs like a bosses shield drones getting stuck in walls so you can't kill her. Generally, I will keep playing only because I'm a fan of the series. This is not worth any more than max 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,261640,12502231,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jikoo,"As an avid Borderlands fan, there was pretty much no chance of me not buying BL:TPS. However, I cannot in good concience recommend it to anyone who isn't a huge enough fan to have already bought it by this point. Just go grab BL2 for wicked cheap during a sale.When the price drops, you should totally buy the crap out of it, but for $60, absolutely not worth it. Shoot for $20 ($25 with season pass) like it was during the summer sale.Why would a diehard Borderlands lover like myself tell you to avoid this till the price drops?Feels like a big BL2 DLCOnly a few mechanics have changed. Sure, we've got the Grinder and low gravity, but what else is there that isn't just an older concept with a new coat of paint? New vehicles? Scarlett's. Moon rocks? Eridium. Moon chests? Dice chests from Tiny Tina's. The vast majority of the weapons are the same. The same UI flaws exist (including a new one, the 4-vehicle Moon Zoomy interface is terrible, half off the screen). The list goes on and on.Beta qualityWith 24 hours of gametime since the release, I've suffered at least 5 crashes. Yes, Borderlands saves often, but not often enough to prevent me having to clear those baddies several times. I also had 2 failable quests instantly fail when going through area-based checkpoints. In one, I killed a special thresher and took the elevator up into a shop. The quest promptly failed, citing my having (not actually) died, conveniently locking me in until I reloaded the game. A release quality game should not have these issues.All that aside, I do rather enjoy the game.Low GravityGravity actually adds a lot to the immersion of the game - variable gravity based on area adds an element of realism to buildings. Low gravity allows for a lot more interesting maneuvering and varied combat. Don't stop there, though, because low gravity allows you to really get into every nook and cranny, really allowing you to appreciate the beauty of the entire world by boost jumping all over it. Butt slams are another great low gravity mechanic, making it easy to deal with many small enemies at once - in my opinion, a rather annoying (and common) situation.The GrinderCombine, reuse, recycle. Got old or junk gear? No worries, just combine and upgrade. Want a specific legendary? No, you don't need to grind the boss that drops it any more, just any two junk legendaries and a purple of the right type, then repeat till you get what you want. It's great but almost feels too easy, something I'm sure irks many of the BL2 fanbase."
,Recommended,261640,25696063,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 8/10Overview: First Person Action RPGThe Good:+ 4 characters to choose from, each with 3 skill trees. The skill trees are more robust than previous games. The skills themselves are also more unique. Plenty of different character builds and options. Clap trap being one of the most unique characters to play as in the borderlands universe.+ A good story that explains how the events unfolded leading up to Borderlands 2.+ Two new gameplay mechanics. The first is the jump pad, this allows you to jump really high or traverse large distances. The second is the oxygen meter. Many environments have low gravity allowing you to jump really high and far which allows for faster traversal over the terrain as well as more interesting gun battles. Running out of oxygen is never a concern because there are so many ways to refill your oxygen.+ Lots of good loot.+ Plenty of graphical/audio/gameplay options, very well optimizedThe Average:The overall map design for most levels feel a bit too condensed. I was hoping for more open spaced levels where I could drive around but that never really materialized here.Like every borderlands before it, side missions are not ""optional"". If you don't complete them you will be very under leveled for the main missions.  The side missions themselves are not the greatest either, many of them are not as creative as Borderlands 2.Humor is very hit or miss.The Bad:-Multiplayer is near dead making it very difficult to get some achievements. The game is also a lot more fun when playing with more people.Conclusion:This game is really good yet never really gained the same attention or critical praise as its predecessors, partly because many people were 'borderlands fatigued' by the time this game came out and the fact it was made by a different studio gave the game the impression it was a quick cash grab. Other than the new characters and new features mentioned above this is almost exactly like its predecessor in almost every way. This isn't bad but those looking for a completely new experience will not find it here.  Is this game as good as Borderlands No, but this game can certainly stand on its own."
,Recommended,261640,23259478,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Teen Angst,"Typical Day on Elpis:-Leave Concordia to partake in some questing-Enter vacuum and activate Oz Kit-Moon Jump to Objective Marker-Kill Australian Bandits, Flying Crystal Squids, and Rock Dogs with Laser Rifles-Pick up quest item and kill some dirty villain disrupting the peace on Elpis-Kill more baddies-Oxygen at 50%-Use jump pads to get to Catch-A-Rid... I mean Moon Zoomy Station-Spawn Direct-From-HALO-Hovercraft-Use repulsor jets on cliff and jump over lava-filled gorge-Vehicle destroyed by missile turret-Oxygen nearly depleted-Slowly run in low-G-Gasp for air-Kill more baddies-See air bubble-Run to air bubble-Recharge Oz Kit-Spawn Moon Rover with laser turrent-Drive back to Concordia-Deliver ice to Nurse Nina to prevent her dinner from spoiling-Receive small reward10/10 would risk life for sci-fi ice run againSeriously though, this may be my favorite Borderlands game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it awesome..."
,Not Recommended,261640,17274542,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,xXTylonXx,"This game was just...a let down.It tried so hard to be a further telling of the backstory to BL2 and to play just like it...but it falls flat on it's face.Got nothing against Australians, but a little less Australia in my SPACE ALIEN GUN LOOT game would have been a nice touch.Also, the main Antagonist was awful, can't believed they even bothered to write lines for her, didn't see a point to someone talking when they are featured for only the entirety of 5 minutes.Bland, boring, overly-Australian characters and no real new gameplay and deceptiveley linear environments made this a waste of money for me. Won't even bother bearing through the Claptastic Voyage after this.Use your money to buy Borderlands 1 and/or 2 and all the DLC's instead."
,Recommended,261640,24253290,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,N-Nani?!,"Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel is a great game; however I don't think it's worthy of being considered a sequel- I've finished the campaign in 35 hours solo using Claptrap -(+) Pros(+) It's Borderlands(+) Gunplay is amazing an even smoother than Borderlands 2(+) Everything is connected to Borderlands 2(+) You get to play as Claptrap ( his action skill is not only chaotic and fun, but extremely useful, though sometimes unreliable )(+) Grinder mechanic is a great way to recycle unwanted items(+) Cryo is a great replacement to slag(+) Stingrays are fun to ride(-) Cons(-) Uninteresting world ; I get that it's a moon, but why does it have to be a moon? Everything from the moon surface to the eye of helios is pretty boring to explore(-) Uninteresting characters ; some even recycled(-) Most enemy designs are pretty much the same as Borderlands 2 ( ex. Scavs = Bandits , Torks = Spiderants )(-) 2nd and 3rd bosses are HARD ; however if you manage to beat them, rest of the game is pretty much a cakewalk(-) Platforming and mission designs sucks ( bad missions designs have wasted about 1 hour of my life )(-) Side missions are all errand boy stuff and becomes a chore to do(-) Moon buggies are a disasterIf you could get past all those cons ( which will sometimes frustrate you ) ; Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel is a great game worth trying out and playing for hours on end. Go for it, especially if you're a fan of the franchise < 7.5 / 10 >"
76561198041219611,Recommended,261640,33622174,Posted: 17 July,all,$420MONEY$,Definitely worth putting some time into. Got my copy for free so bought my brother one. Worth it.
,Recommended,261640,17937715,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,madnoh,"I love Borderlands and Borderlands 2.I've mixed feelings about The Pre-Sequel because I hate platformers. I'm one of those who can't seem to wrap my head around running and precise jumping. And I'm expected to shoot and throw grenades while jumping as well.Don't get me wrong, I find it fun. Just couldn't stand the platforming parts."
76561198056591778,Recommended,261640,29457130,Posted: 23 January,all,The Kiwi,"First of, I've seen A LOT of downtalk and ""DON'T BUY THIS"" warnings from other reviews.Which is why I've been hesitant to try this game untill recently, despite having thoroughly enjoyed Borderlands 2.But after having played it for 30 hours, and completed the entire campaign + side missions and DLC, which only took roughly around 30 hours... I honestly found itjust as goodas Borderlands 2.Story missions feel more interconnected and relevant to one another. Gives a proper feeling of necessity.Unlike some of BL2's missions which felt like they were dragging out the story as much as possible for gamelength, as well as sending you on sidetracked tasks when there is a very obvious and easier alternative.However that does not necessarily mean the story was more well-made. Honestly I cannot say which was the better of the two, as I enjoyed both games equally.Which should not be a surprise, as the Pre Sequel's template is literally a copy+paste of BL2.Though solo-play suffers from the same downsides that every Borderlands game has. Far more difficult (or far too easy) with certain classes and/or builds than others. Singleplayer combat is sometimes very unfair.As is the utterly contrived player-on-player duel system.I consider this game to be neither a step-down nor a step-up from BL2. It is simply the same game, but a different setting, different--and to me, slightly better--story and with a tiny few extra mechanics.Like the oxygen management, gliding and slamming, and cryo element are introduced exclusively in this game and makes things a little more interesting. But ultimately irrelevant to making it the game it is. Would still like the game without it.But I must urge people to avoid buying it (or the season pass) at full price. Though it is just as good as BL2, it is noticably lacking in terms of side content and DLC. Regrettably I did pay the full price of the basegame + season pass.On the subject of season pass, I must once again iterate that it is not worth the full price.The two additional characters were not all that interesting to me. Especially the Doppelganger which feels like just a way to get quick cash from making a popular character playable.And 2 of the 3 playable DLCs are just repetitive 5 rounds Arenas identical to BL2's Fink Slaughterhouse. Which were featured in the game as sidequests, part of the basegame, not an overpriced DLC.The final DLC however,Claptastic Voyagewas fantasticly entertaining with a story that connects with its chronological sequel. But as expected, it was also disappointingly short. Buying it standalone however is worth it, unless you already got the season pass.7/10"
76561197997104527,Recommended,261640,24815326,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Edmund Blackadder,"The game is pretty neat. It's Borderlands 2 and 1/4. There are some new features like oxygen masks and laser guns which enrich gameplay. The world (moon) is a bit boring but if you enjoy the gamplay then it's not a problem. The storyline is alright, we get to know Jack's story and we help him get his army.Big + for 'Claptastic Voyage' which is a very good DLC. Playing inside Claptrap, talking to his consciousness, fighting with bugs and glitches and batling Claptrap's 'bad' side is just awesome. Also there's a tough boss fight which is always goodCan't wait for Borderlands 3!"
,Recommended,261640,30660041,Posted: 21 March,all,JAC-MAT-HAG,"Though many consider the 2nd one to be superior, this is still a great game."
76561197984092381,Not Recommended,261640,12505181,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,IbrakMoors,"Would be great game, mabey, I think, except for the glaring Marooned quest that leaves me Marooned waiting for non-existant players in an offline no network game. Try looking aroudn for the magic fudgery to get around it and apperntly it's not even google worthy. Fix your game bwefore you release it."
,Recommended,261640,25331034,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cr0w,"It's a big DLC, but not a bad one."
76561198161262629,Not Recommended,261640,32500095,Posted: 17 June,all,Rayy PNW,"I've spent countless hours playing the first 2 Borderlands games. Owned them on the consoles a long, long time ago, then bought them again to play them on the PC. Then I bought this game, and well... It's just bland. It's so repetitive, the game has no heart too it. All of the locations look exactly alike, and almost the entire game feels like a giant fetch quest. The main story missions are the worst in the series by a longshot, and none of the characters seem interesting or unique like they did in previous Borderlands games. The humor in the game is also a giant miss, the lovable dialogue from the last game is gone. There are new weapon types, but they're not that great, with most of them all being reskins of each other. The boss fights in this game are by FAR the weakest in the series.The first two Borderlands games are some of the best games in their genre and are worth the time. Skip this title."
76561198062034166,Not Recommended,261640,20484110,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Skyhammer,"I'm Australian and so Is the Studio behind this and well WTF it's like if someone said to them cram every sterotype other nations have of us into a video game. I'm only 3 hours in at the moment of writing this and all the stupid accents, Jokes and other references is really starting to grate on my nerves just the things they say makes me face palm and ask WHY. Nobody Talks like that. I'm just hoping I don't end up fighting freaking Space Kangaroos or Koalas.To sum things up though I wish there was a maybe button for this game because its not as good as Borderlands 2."
76561197976367353,Recommended,261640,13187282,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Max Headroom. -,"Ok.... well the game feels like the same experience as Borderlands 2, still fun and awesome. This time we know what happens to jack and fight at his side, there are new bosses tons of customizations, secondary missions, etc.The game worth full price? HELL ♥♥♥♥ING NO, and that is only because this game is a HUGE DLC of Borderlands 2, its at the same level at Tiny Tina's DLC, when i play Boderlands 2 and Borderlands 1 i never get bored but this time i do in several missions. If you are lookin for this game try to pick up with a huge discount because only worth $30, nothing more.PD: LILITH IS A F*CKING B1TCH AND DESERVE TO DIE."
,Not Recommended,261640,18998160,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Intellectual Wanderer,"I can not put my finger on it, but when playing the game it does not have the same desire to carry on playing. Yes there are cool new characters to play, but there is not the same humour or atomsphere like Borderlands 2. I think that this game took most of the bad aspects of Borderland 2, as it constantly has the same enemies but reskined and bullet soaked bosses which take lots and lots of grinding to get beat with ease."
76561198153241422,Not Recommended,261640,12496635,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Barbaxus The Iron Handed,"Many of you who will go to the comments will wonder whats wrong with the game. May you be a potential buyer or a gamer who has it and wants to see what other people think. let me elborate what is wrong with the game.1) Humor is dead.- the jokes are flatlined and if its a sex joke the character saying will explain it to you. censorship is also in the game but not bleeped out instead with replacing words like b***h with  ""taint"". Characters will often use the term "" son of a taint"" which will drive you insane pretty damn soon. This is what makes borderlands engaing as it bring character to characters ( not a pun). you see non of that. The citizens of the city you go to as a main hub for suppiles and quest are dull. nothing they say or do is interesting. in bl2 they were amusing at times but annoying. that aleast made them noticable. Character devolpment is slow and empty as they rely one every new characters sense of humor to be the character for them2) Story.-the story supossedly follows handsome jacks rise to power in the hyperion corpartion to become the CEO, madman and all around smartass we all know and love from BL2. We however see little of that he wants to build a robot army to fight the lost legion and take heilios the station. most of the central story ACTUALLY REVOVLES AROUND YOU DOING FETCH QUEST AND PREPARING TO HELP JACK ROBOT ARMY RATHER THEN ACTUAL FOCUSING ON JACK HIMSELF. Thats right. And guess what? NO ANGEL. Thats the problem with this game as its shows in BL2 that jack used angle to trick roland and co. to open the vault. in this game we see the erdidum explosin on pandora and get to meet liltih and roland on the moon just for them to tell us to♥♥♥♥♥♥off . so where angel in all of this? why did jack trick them into opening the vault when he wasnt even ceo of hyperion? major plot hole.-little time is fousced on jack and we do see his ugly side from time to time but nothing to show his moralty and insights and personality changing to more chaotic or justifying evil with good intenions until the end when he becomes handsome jack. there was almost no character devolepment into jack and more put into the commander of the lost legion as she has over a dozen autologs on elphis to find and several missions on her background. but non for jack unlike in bl2. Jack is also so... so BORING. His jokes arent funny, he only talks when for filler converstations or for objectives and he only had one good moment in the story where he actually made an effort to show emotion. This is frighting to me. Jack was one of the best things in the borderlands series and his writing has been declining since tiny tinas dlc.-Absouletly terrible pacing, the worst ive seen in a games story so far.-rarely any plot twist and all dont have the drama or flare as in the past3) characters-the ruined moxxi by dropping her whole character. no flirts. no intuendos. no charm . just sighs and complaints with one intersing mission with her background.-no new characters are memorable enough-they toke out all the humor and charm in the bl characters are suppose to have and ignored that for new characters.they are just... there. little humor and jokes from them.-pickle. tiny tinas replacement in the game is with you for a good quarter of the game. hes GTG. voice is annoying as heck as hes attmepting to act like a english or british gentlemen with terms like wot and chin wag. non of the zeal of intersesting personality and is devoid of humor( or good humor)gameplay-Sexulaity. Few characters in this game are gay or oversexualized but when they are 2k austrailia is constantly reminding you. Janey springs is consantly stating how "" Shes not into guys"" and is always hitting on athena if you play her. Several other characters do this as well and when you decide to base your characters almost soley on their sexuality, thats just horrible writing.- loot systems sucks as you only get purples on missions and in gold chest- almost the exact same as bl2this is just the negative and its incomplete. ill post another review to cover more later"
,Recommended,261640,22916713,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kuhnta,"Borderlands:Great vanilla game. Gameplay and character ""classes"" were solid, fun, and had obvious roles.Borderlands 2:Great addition to the series. Better story. Each of the characters trees added a slighly different to the character, with some characters able to fill different roles. (range/melee/support/tank). One con to this game was that the non-dps trees felt a little lack luster, like more time was put into designing more ways to mow down foes.Borderlands Pre-sequel:Story pretty good, but not on the same level as Borderlands 2. Low gravity wasn't a bad idea, added some different gameplay elements, but was used way to much. With you either getting way to used to it and try and jump high while inside or being thankful that you are inside for less gimicky gameplay.However, Cyro-elemental weapons were a great addition for crowd control and shatter damage on weaker oponents.I also thought the non-dps trees were given far more love in this game.Tanks getting more than just HP increase and damage reductions. Like being able to increase the resistences  of you and your party when hit with a status affects and splash it back on your enemies.Support trees can help keep the group alive without fully relying on their action skill to heal or rez someone quickly.Overall. Borderlands 2 had a better story. Borderlands pre-sequel had better character class design.Hope for the future of the Borderlands series is to add more active skills. Atm with all three games the there is only the action skill and melee overrides."
,Recommended,261640,22973329,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[PolarisGames] Slipperybrain,"Like Destiny, but Jack has time to explain."
,Recommended,261640,23937415,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"A lot of people disliked this, and I did too at the start.Cons:-A lot of bugs and glitches.-First and second boss are EXTREMELY hard to beat.-Ending boss was too easy.-Overpriced.----Pros:+It FEELS like Borderlands a little bit later in the game.+The atmosphere and graphics are absolutely amazing.+CL4P-TP.+When I first bought and played this, I was definetely dissapointed, however when I beat the game It all changed, it was suddenly Borderlands again, and I enjoyed playing it.+Tons of customization like the previous Borderlands.+Lots o' Quests.+Cool new characters.+Same old Handsome Jack.+Pretty interesting storyline."
,Not Recommended,261640,13767199,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AzuRe,Want to play it?Wait about 2 years so they add more content/patches/fixes and DLCs to the game.Going back to BL2
,Recommended,261640,17346165,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"So far, Borderlands Presequel did something I admire. It took a risk. Borderlands 0 also illustrates a point I as a gamer, feel fails to be understood by the day to day devs: While we may not like your boss and studios direction, that does not mean we as gamers have a negative view of the people who work on a big studio game. In spite of the handicaps a publisher may lay upon you, it isn't personal when we dislike a work of this caliber.I feel that my/our dislike of forced sequels sometimes comes off as an affront to those that busted their butts in the hellish crunches that make up the life of your average studio employee/work for hire. This is far from the truth. In spite of the system that often squirts out derivative works to cash in on an IP, we do indeed respect and recognize your hard work.2K Australia took a chance on trying to humanize an arguably annoying bad guy in an argubaly annoying and bland story. Many people loved the second game in the series, I was not one of them. It had the coda of being fun* Fun with a friend, and even then it could have numerous low points. One need only look at the works of former designers from this publisher and others to see the difference.As for this game, it is entertaining enough with friends."
76561198014146141,Recommended,261640,25385888,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,This is a fun game. The main story is short if you skip sidequests. The end boss is a pain. Get it on sale. Full price is a ripoff.
,Recommended,261640,13560292,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Windhund,"This is not Borderlands 3.  This is a very long Borderlands 2 DLC done by the B-Team.  It feels a bit lazy, but it's still a lot of fun.The Good: The story is interesting and there's a lot to do. There's four new playable characters and they're gender balanced (the game, as a whole, is excellent in that respect). Low gravity, butt-slams, lasers, freeze attacks and Australian in-jokes round out the new features.The Bad: There's not really anything bad. There's a few polygon tearing glitches, all minor.The Lazy: It's the Borderlands 2 engine, so if you were expecting something really new, this isn't it. The writing is not up to Borderlands 2 par. Character gestures are rarely customized resulting in them repeating the same generic ones while talking. There's not nearly the variety of enemies and locations as in Borderlands 2.The Weird: You can play as Claptrap!  SOLD!  Why wouldn't you want to play as a murderous, incompetant robot?  [Hint: you hate his voice.]  It's about as fun and stupid as you'd imagine.  His action skill is a random version of other Vault Hunter's powers, except done wrong.  Example: You can get two guns like the Gunzerker, but you never stop firing.  It gets a bit confusing when you're talking to other Claptraps.Compared to most FPS, it's excellent, and this is why I recommend it.  Compared to Borderlands 2, it's not quite up to par, but they set a very high bar."
,Not Recommended,261640,15011625,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kaspariano,"If you liked BL2 and want more then play BL2 again, don't waste your money on this game.Its not terrible but compared to BL2 the writing is very usatisfactory and the pacing is just horrible. The new gun type, new element type and the Ozygen mechanic aren't tenough to save this basically subpar game.If there is a huge sale it may be worthwhile but even so I am struggling getting through the game as it is just not engaging, the only way I can play for more than one hour at the time is if I have the TV on at the same time so as not to be bored,"
76561198045982492,Not Recommended,261640,14196981,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Attlus,"While the mechanics are slightly tuned from borderlands 2, and to great effect, it doesn't make a satisfying sequel.Positives:-Story does more than expected.even though there's less than the second, it does a better job than I thought it would, and the humor wasn't bad either.-jump mechanicsthis is the small tweak I was talking about.  Although small, it makes a huge difference, the feel of gliding across a map unhindered, slamming down into opponents, and having more free movement is wonderful.  So much so I feel more games should have it.  If they make a sequel to the series, I hope they bring it back as a jetback or something, but with less of a limiting feature on the oxygen count, which is the only downside to this mechanic.-charater personailtyanother small adjustment that has done leagues to affect the game positively.Your character now has things to say, and responds to people, and events.  They even have some quick backstory to most of them that you can find throughout the story.-enemy varietythis is something that it's predecessors didn't have, as I often found myself getting bored, or annoyed at the same old callouts over and over again.  Here it seems they bothered to record more dialogue for enemies so that it doesn't grate on you after a while, and it seems that the enemy types are at least as much as the last two games.-co-op gameplayalways a plus in this game, but not necessary to enjoy the game on it's own.  Although it does help quite a bit.Negatives:-Bugs out the♥♥♥♥♥You will run into a myriad of bugs in this game, from game geometry not working right, to MORE then frequent game breaking bugs.  When I first started the game I got locked out of one of the very first quests because a gate wouldn't open.  Later on I couldn't proceed in NG+ because a verbal exchange didn't go off so another door locked me out, I gave the game a break for a while when I was asked if I wanted to skip a segment of gameplay that I'd already done, and it gave the game a fatal error that caused it to crash everytime I said yes.-No player basefor a game that has a larger emphasis on online and co-op play, the player base is even smaller than borderlands 2 at release, maybe the pc crowd is waiting for it to go on sale, or maybe they're not keen on buying what looks and feels a bit like a souless cash in.-Game length is shortCompared to the length of the bas game of borderlands 2, I was severely discontented with the length of this game.  It's almost as short as the first game, and pales in comparison to the second.-lack of enviornmentsCompared to the second game, this game's enviornments are not nearly as varied.  Despite the fact that the second and first got more milage out with some really nice dlcs, this game does not even get close to their base game enviornments.There is, hyperion moon base, the final area (which is really interesting but short), and an icy moon surface.  That's it.-looting systemThe loot system is slightly better than 2 but still not as good as 1, your only chance at finding good weapons and gear is either by grinding raid bosses(3 in the game) endlessly, or getting the items through a cheat device or a co-op partner.  You're not going to see anything of value out on the field, or in the vending machines.  Your only options are to boss fight and get lucky, or grind some weapons and hope you get something decent-mics don't work and connection problemsMics do not work properly in game, and connections will be unstable, despite good internet connections.  Something that was never a problem in the other games-garbage DLCFinally the dlc is lackluster, and overall disapointing, the one thing that borderlands NEVER did.  In the past, the dlc was both interesting, added new enviornments, good dialogue, more items, and SOMETIMES a new character.  In fact the initial game had a huge dlc campaign with a ton of new things, the second game had the same thing, but you were guaranteed four dynamite dlcs AND two extra characters, with other dlcs replacing the characters for the second season.Now for it's outrageous price you get nothing.  So far, we've gotten one good character, one lackluster character, and an arena.  And there's only ONE MORE DLC LEFT before the season is over.  It's probably going to be short and awful as well, and so far, none of these have served to extend the gameplay much more than an hour or two.All in all, it's not worth full price.  If it goes on sale for 15$ for all of the content, then I'd say it's worth it.  But I wouldn't pay sale price plus the admission fee for dlc.  While I like the game, and think it's a step in the right direction in some ways, I do not believe for a second it should've retailed for this much, and should've sold at a more humble price at release.Wait for a sale if anything."
,Not Recommended,261640,12494950,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Unusual_Shrub,"This game was a huge dissapointment. How anybody can rate this game in a positive light has never played a Borderlands game before and I would even go as far as saying has never played a game before. There are huge gaps in the story, random invisible walls, stupid mechanics, an extrememly small amount of bosses and unrewarding loot. Let me start with the loot. I played this game with 3 other friends and we all played a different class. We saw 3 legendaries, 1 of them being from a vendor and the latest drop was around level 21. We found ourselves being extremely overwhelmed with the enemies strictly because we had no loot drops. All the crates and loot thingys around Elpis contained commons and greens, sometime an epic or two. But most of all we found ourselves grinding out money to afford to buy a weapon or grenade mods to kill whatever we needed to kill at the time. Next up are all the glitches in the game. There are random invisible walls all over the world in spots where you have a clear line of sight to a ledge or a cliff that will just stop you and make you fall to your death; there are gaps in which you must jump over with your vehicle but even with a boost going top speed youd make it 50% of the time. The rest of the time youre falling helplessly into lava pits. Elevators will randomly glitch out and keep going up and kill you, bosses jetison loot out of their bodies when you kill them only to find yourself chasing the loot into a black abyss of nothingness, thus losing the loot forever. The characters are probably the most disappointing thing to me. Athena and Claptrap by far talk the most, and even then its not that much. Wilhelm and Nisha say next to nothing which is dissapointing because they are Jacks right hand people in Borderlands 2. They never address very important plots holes (I will not say in fear of spoiling it for people), and the end of the game seems extremely rushed. In total there are about 9 bosses. All of which are just point and shoot with no mechanics whatsoever. The typical comedy in the Borderlands series falls short in almost every avenue. The only redeming thing was Claptraps typical quips. Other than that, nothing. Cringe worthy material that is sure to make anyone feel dumb and awkward. There are pop culture references in the game that are just God awful. So awful to the point I almost ALT+F4'd out of the game. Having put in hundreds of hours in Borderlands on 360 and hundreds of hours on Borderlands 2 I can say I lvoe this series. With the exception of this. It is terribly short (we beat the entire series in 16 hours) and that was doing side quests and messing around at some times. The raid boss is just a harder version of the final boss. Overall this was a HUGE dissapointment and I will probably never load this game up again. I am very sad."
,Not Recommended,261640,12505476,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,YahooYann,"Ok the reason I am giving this game a Thumbs Down is for plenty of reason of which i shall List the pros and cons...Cons:-I have followed Borderlands since the beginning and grown accustomed to certain expectations of it, this definately does reach alot of them-The story isnt quite great as i expected it to be-Gearbox being a professional company who charges 60$ for a pre-sequel or whatever you expect no bugs and a solid playthrough sadly i run into bugs often-If you played Borderlands 2 or the first you would love characters such as Moxxi well they kill her character in this (not literally just as she acts and such)-The Enemies (minor thing that bugs me they gain health back right after you die even if they are in your spawn and are to op for you) other than that they often glitch run through walls etc.-Jack's character which seems to be the main reason this game was created (when instead they should have moved on) as been throughout the game (as of where i am) just checking off his personalities (random rage, sarcasim, etc.)-Some of the guns such as the lasers are often completely useless outside of iron sights, they shoot completely off to the side (which yes proly is the aiming of the gun) but no instead lets say you shoot a complete stream at someone it will just go completely through them it picks and chooses when it's going to do damage-Missions, Oh my god how it feels like they just copied and pasted half the missions and the pointless running of it all is ridiculous-This game should proly be rated E for Everyone because they not only bleep out cuse words but it just feels like a game i would have my younger sister play (she's like 7) which is ridiculous the humor seems beaten down and worn out like they lost almost all sense of humor. this is the kind of game im ashamed of laughing at the childish moments, it's bad really the humor is anyways-A re-used Engine for the game which really isn't a con just goes to show they were trying to make a quick buck before the next game so it seems (And I bought into it) alot of it is copied just added new weapons and new textures ( a waste of a team instead of working on Borderlands 3)-they bring in replacements for the characters from the first 2 games like scooter and Zed yet they cant replace a villain who is dead already (maybe im just ragging becasue this seems to be a fix for people who cant seem to wait which will proly kill alot of hype for the next game)The pros:-It is off pandora which was beginning to feel old and used up-The characters that you play can actually talk now which isnt that big a deal but its the details that matter to me-The story nonetheless is somewhat intriguing just poorly written-Scenery is a nice change, If you think Borderlands 2 was full of color well this game jesus can hurt my eyes after awhile just of the pure intensities of the color-No matter what to me at least it seems that I can never step away from borderlands no matter how frustrated i can get it has that draw-the claptraps are back now in the first one they didnt talk all as much and all seemed the same (they are robots but hey i like diversity) but in this one it seems every single claptrap has a different personality, Still abused as hell always is a joy to see that XDAs I progress through the game I will post any changes of feelings towards the game, which might just get worse. I am not very far and these are my observations of it so far."
76561198066973095,Recommended,261640,19296214,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Corvo314,"It's still a fun Borderlands game, but not as great as Borderlands 2.  If you finished BL2 and the DLC and still want more, grab it.Pros:- Good fleshing out of characters backstories from BL2- Claptastic Voyage DLC has a great story- More vocal characters makes for better story immersion- Low gravity/cryo/oxygen are fun mechanicsNeutral:- Very Australian.  I'm Australian so I got all the jokes/references they were making, but by the same token they made up the majority of the jokes, so it got a bit old after a while.  If you're not well versed in Australiana you may just spend a lot of time wondering why things are in the game.- Broken skill trees:  Really easy to get very overpowered builds in BL:PS.  Can be fun, but might feel like it lacks challenge.Cons:- A lot of classic characters felt shoe-horned in so they could have appearances on Elpis- Only one decent story driven DLC"
,Recommended,261640,13932688,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,slyfuldragon,"Of course you will get those elitists that will say Borderlands 1 was the best and nothing can hold a candle to it (especially this, for how much flak they are giving it now).I'll cut to the TL;DR version.It's not that bad at all, granted it runs off of the Borderlands 2 engine which is why tons of people feel...unsatisfied to say the least. Plenty of new weapons (as well as some fan favorite returning ones), abilities, new playable (but familiar) characters, missions, and elements to be able to have fun with. Witness the rise of Jack as well as his mental downfall.Some wouldn't warrant paying full price for this, I would and I did.BUT, what I would recommend is getting this during a sweet deal (as well as if you can pick up the season pass for a sweet deal). If not and you can't justify paying full price for either Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and/or the Season Pass, then wait for the Game of the Year edition (with all, if not most, DLC bundled) for either full price or during a deal (depending on what you think of the other 2 DLC that has yet to be released at the time of this review).One way or another I recommend this game (elitists be damned if they don't like my review along with this game)."
76561198037605644,Not Recommended,261640,12494990,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Que?,"I'll keep a TL;DR version up top.  My review in a nutshell...Do you hate Borderlands?  Don't buy this.Do you love Borderlands? KEEP THOSE GOOD MEMORIES. DON'T BUY THIS. SERIOUSLY.(And if you're questioning the 400 ""positive reviews"" - keep in mind this.  At the time of writing this, for GLOBAL ACHIEVEMENTS, 75% of people have the achievement for hitting level 5.  Only 25% have the achievement for hitting level 10.  They aren't even playing the game, just snapjudging.  PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE.)[[-- If you still feel like playing this mess, I'll add some game-breaking bugs at the bottom of this review. Maybe it'll salvage it for you. --]]Waited a long time for this to come out, friends all took off from work and got together to binge this game to death - having loved the first two Borderlands.After the first 3 hours, the characters were forgettable, story was .. whatever and none of us seemed willing to say anything yet.  Scared it was just us.After 4 hours, we all looked at each other and went, ""This kind of sucks."" One of us held out saying, it's still early.After 7 hours, that last person gave in and agreed this was pretty bad.We went to sleep at this point.The next morning we completed this unpolished turd.  None of us want to even try a second playthrough.  It was one of the most unsatisfying experiences we've ever had in a co-op game.  The only fun that was had were the jokes we were making between ourselves.This is an overpriced DLC - and that's being generous.  As a DLC, it falls short of Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep.  That had more interesting writing, varied areas and weapons.The oxygen mechanic is horrible and tacked on.  You get so much oxygen tanks that it doesn't matter, it seems it's only there to be annoying.The ""Butt Smash"" is a nice brake-mechanic, but as an offensive move - it's just tossing you into melee range so you can be killed easier.The damage is horribly balanced.  There are two types of enemies, normal ones and ""Badass"" ones.  The former killing you in 3 hits, the latter killing you before they've seen you.  AND THIS IS PLAYTHROUGH ONE.  It felt like the level range of 51-60 in Borderlands 2.Loot? What loot.  The only decent loot we found were from the automatic purples we got from Shift Keys. (Which were also bugged, seems everytime we stepped up to the machine we got another set of 5.)-------------------Bug 1:  Play Nisha.  Spec middle tree down to having double pistols.  Now equip a pistol so you have two out.  Now respec... to anything.  Ta-da.  You now keep your two pistols!  (Until you log out.)  Unlike before, you can use your Right-Click to fire your second gun instead of Zoom in with one gun.  Seems like they did a bad job modifying Salvadore's active skill here.Bug 2: ONLY WORKS IN MULTIPLAYER, WHEN NOT HOSTING.  It has to do with how the client updates to the host. Anyway ... Any melee over-ride skill while using a free spin scroll mouse.  (This works in Borderlands 2 also, with Maya's Slag Bomb thing. I mean.. it's the same engine and all.)  I've only tested this with Nisha in this one though.Anyway, spec yourself to Lightning Whip in left tree.  Set your melee skill to mouse-scroll-up or down.  Spin that mouse.  Ta-da!  You'll use it like 5-10 times per use.  (It's hard to see with Nisha, but you'll notice a lot more tendrils of lightning.)  It's easier to see in BL2 when she fires out 10 slag bombs at once.Enjoy..  Sort of."
,Recommended,261640,13444241,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,crackbiscuit,"Well, it's a good game. I've gotten nearly 100 hours out of it so far, so I suppose I can't say I haven't gotten my money's worth. But honestly I would recommend waiting until it goes on a deeper sale and/or the base price drops significantly. It is the weakest of the three Borderlands games so far. A release-day base price of $40 might have been more reasonable based on the amount of content compared to the previous games in the franchise.So far the Season Pass has been a real disappointment. I would unreservedly NOT recommend the Season Pass until it is much cheaper.  In BL2, it was four full story expansions with story missions and side quests. So far the Pre-Sequel's Season Pass has included the Handsome Jack character add-on and the Holodome Onslaught challenge, which I admittedly haven't finished yet. Plans have been announced for the remainder of the Season Pass to be another character and one (and only one) story expansion. Of course they never really promised four massive story expansions...Don't get me wrong - I've had tons of fun playing it, but I think more of that was getting together with my Borderlands buddies online again than the actual game content. It is a good game; if you like Borderlands-style gameplay, it is an eventual must-have, but there are other games to play until this one comes down to a more reasonable price."
,Not Recommended,261640,13730314,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Poker,"TLDR: The next installment in the Borderlands Franchise that doesn't achieve the same level of greatness that its predecessor did while asking for a whopping $70 Australian Dollars. Copied the guns straight from Borderlands 2 but none of the humor or storytelling that made Borderlands 2 a masterpiece. Also the Australian Voices feel really out of place.The main issues with this installment of the borderlands franchise is that it feels really lazy and unfinished in comparison to Borderlands 2 and even 1. With Borderlands 2, the game felt complete and it felt like a massive upgrade to Borderlands 1, the classes were crazy, heaps of new weapons and guns and loot, hilarious story and a blast to play through from start to finish and once you got to the end it felt like an awesome and complete experience and once the dlc came out it was like delicious extras on an already excellent game. Then the Pre - Sequal comes along, asking for $70 Australian Dollars which i believe was more than Borderlands 2 was asking for when it came out and fails to come close with the humor or enjoyability of the previous games, and once i pushed myself to endure the crappy australian accents that don't flow well at all with the characters and feels really out of place and the boring quests that require you to go from A to B to C back to A, I found and excellent end boss that was actually fun to fight and felt like old Borderlands and that was it. I believe that the Pre Sequel is much shorter than Borderlands 2 with a lot of the length coming from quests that require you to go to one side of the map and back again and to add insult to injury, a lot of the weapons are taken straight from Borderlands 2 in both name and design. In the end the game feels dull and boring in comparison the Borderlands 2 and feels incredibly unfinished, future DLC may make the game feel complete and enjoyable but no game asking for $70 or any amout should require DLC to make it fun. Save yourself the cash and wait for the GOTY editon to come out or when some dlc is out and the game is cheaper."
76561198013141870,Recommended,261640,25388860,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,oyu,"Overall, a great game. I believe the hate generated to the game is just from the jackasses that think ""just because Admiral Bahroo didn't like it, that means I shouldn't as well!"". In all honesty, this is a great game, only if you go into the game with a clean slate. I've never watched a preview or had any knowledge of the game before buying it. I played the previous Borderlands, and enjoyed them. When I got TPS, I got it on sale for about $30 (season pass included). The game does exactly what a ""Pre-sequal"" would do. It goes over alot of the characters and events that have been described in the previous games. The character developement is on an outstanding level. For example, one of the characters is Jack's doppleganger. Every skill tree at his disposal, is very unique and masterfully created to be used to force a playstyle that mimics the very personalities of ""the man who would be Jack"". All of the characters are a pleasure to play, except Claptrap (I haven't played him yet). The characters all feel very balanced, and because there really isn't an endgame like in BL2, the characters preform well in combat.The story felt much more rich and deep in a way when compared to BL2. This is because of the effort that was put into the individual characters. As the story progresses, Jack's personality changes, some characters like that, some don't. These small details are what determine the mentioned character's fates in a future timeline. If you pay attention to these small details in all of the games, you will recognize that all these details are well fitted into the game in a storyline that would make sense.I can think of so many good things about the game, however, no game is perfect. One of the flaws would have to be the oxygen mechanic and how it interacts with the fire elemental type. Because logically speaking, fire cannot burn without Oxygen. Alot of the combat is done in zero oxygen enviorments, therefore weapons that are fire elemental are less versitile and very situational. Another flaw to the game is the balance of laser weapons. Laser weapons are great, one of my favorite features about the game. The problem is that they are too good. I am not saying remove lasers because they are imbalanced, but I can't think of any situation where a laser weapon would be inferior to any other type of weapon. Another problem would be the story. I enjoyed the story and thought it was very enjoyable, but after playing it over and over again just makes quests that require you to go ""fetch"" something, that much more boring. The story is amazing, yet it lacks in replay value heavily but in a way, BL2 was the same way, just not as bad. The BIGGEST moment where every logical person claims that TPS loses to BL2, is the endgame. BL2 had better legendaries, it also had better DLC, more raidbosses, and OP levels just to name a few reasons. This is the main problem that people like Admiral Bahroo have with the game. THIS IS OK BECAUSE UNLIKE EVERYONE WITH LIKE 10 HOURS, THESE PEOPLE HAVE MADE IT TO THE ""ENDGAME"". Because they have made it to the endgame, they understand where BL2 was better than TPS. 2K Austrailia was never really able to keep working the game, because the game was scrapped because of all the negative critisism.Overall, a great game. It does use the same engine as BL2 >:( not something I am a fan of, but just imagine it as a $30 DLC for BL2. Completely worth it in my opinion. The reason why this review is because I genuinely liked TPS and enjoyed playing it a lot. It's a shame that no one will give the game a chance....Wowzers! you made it to the end of my review xd. Here is your reward:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7WyJ8CQl9I"
,Not Recommended,261640,31236789,Posted: 19 April,all,Drahauk,"This is a major disappointment in the series. Too many unnecessary additional gameplay aspects that do nothing but protract how it plays out and add absurd survival elements that are completely out of place in Borderlands. Hit detection is a joke, shots that should connect miss by miles and yet deliberate misses can cause criticals. Some of the character abilities are insulting, based almost entirely around their special attacks thus making it practically pointless to get them because you'll only occasionally be able to make use of the benefits. The phrase ""Why am I still playing this?"" has been repeated more times than I care to mention.Oh, and the big twist near the end makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense in the grand scheme of things.It could've been great, but unfortunately it just falls flat at every turn."
,Not Recommended,261640,12808878,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Stranger,"Be careful for spoilers.I was so excited for this game.Borderlands 2 was the first Steam Game I bought on my new account and it was so amazing that I even forced my friends to buy the game too. And they LOVED it. We played together for hours and I met some really crazy and fun people to conquer the Legendary Weapons and bosses together. When there was a new DLC out, I knew it was worth the price and I had to get it.Not because the game was unplayable and you needed the DLC to feel like you had a real game now, likeEA*cough*, but because it just made the game a complete new adventure and the whole atmosphere was renewed.The Tiny Tina DLC? It blew my mind. It's my favorite DLC and the complete thing is amazing. So yes, I didpre-order Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.The trailer showed nothing too exciting for me, but the game and the way it was played have always made the Borderlands series what it is now. Borderlands 1? Great. Fast. LOOT. Rare loot was rare. The bosses were innovative. Then, Borderlands 2. Amazing. LOOT. RARE LOOT. Legendary LOOT. The bosses? ♥♥♥♥ing art.But Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel? Not so good. Yes, I was disappointed. A lot.Why, you ask? Well, let me tell you.First I thought the game was alright and I was excited to start, but that didn't work out too well. For me, living in Europe, the game was said to come out on the 16th. Didn't happen. Had to stay up until the 17th 1am to get it. I played for one hour, was level five until the first bug arrived and threw♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face.Couldn't shoot anymore, never gained EXP, didn't level. So I restarted. And everything was good.But the game, it just didn't feel alright. It was slow, enemies literally approach you in slow motion, and the fast, colory shooty became slow and grey. The colors kind of vanished from the world (In- and outside) and the only time you find a really Borderlands 1 and 2 feeling atmosphere is in the very last place. Yes, the very last one.And to get there, you had to somehow play your way through the not triggering dialoges, enemies spawning underground and not being able to continue the quest, loot that flies away, getting thrown off the map and dying, jumping way too slow and far and dying, somehow glitching through the round and dying and enemies that do not care if you're around until you shoot. Not even them. Just, shoot.The AI is crap, but after a while you just gloss over that. But why did the game take me 9h to complete the main story?Well, because the quest-markers were♥♥♥♥♥♥ They showed that an objective was right in front of you, same level.Only to find out that you had to go all the way around, up, press some buttons and then jump down to get it. Without mentioning it. Nice. Took me ages. And that wasn't fun. Oh, and one more thing: If you're like me and you accept side quests to do them later, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Some Side quests give you a mission weapon, like in Borderlands 2. But not all of the, are marked as mission weapons.That way I couldn't do most of them. Accepted them while doing the main quest or just accepting all side quests to do them later. Nope.The Nova Shield? Not even mentioned. The weapon to get the peaceful enemies angry? Ha, na. And the mission weapons you already used?They stay mission weapons. Forever.Then why did you keep playing it?Oh, well. Even tho the game is not like Borderlands 1 & 2, it's still Borderlands.The dialogs are still cheesy and sometimes make you giggle. The characters feel real and all have their own secrets and personalities. The voice acting is good. The world is colorless but still nice to look at, sometimes. The cutscenes weren't unnecessary and helpful and the shooting everything was fun.And what about the weaaaappoooons? They good?That's another point, actually. The weapon drops from enemies are♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the new elements, like laser and frost, are amazing and can actually make the game easier. Just getting them is hard. If they don't fly away.On the very last quest there is a little boss that spawns other and more enemies. My weapon froze him and it took me not even 5 seconds to get his shield and him down. The loot flew off into space and was never seen again. Win.But it's still nice to freeze your enemies (not forever), or laser them, or just shoot them. The way the weapons look is nothing new or special. Like Borderlands 2.And the story? I mean, did you listen to it?Yes, I did. Only after replaying a level for the 6th time I didn't, because the dialouge from the VERY beginning of this level started playing. Like, when you arrived. Even if you have been there for 24h.The story at the beginning wasn't exciting and only when the ""flashbacks"" spoke, you knew somethign would happen.In the middle of the game the story SLOWLY evolved. And the only REAL time I was really soaked into the game and didn't want to stop playing was the end.How the bosses from Borderlands 1 & 2 just came together and EVERYTHING, I mean, EVERYTHING was explained.It all makes sense now. All two games before make sense. Moxxie's secret was INSANE, Jack's growing was SO NICELY DONE, and the old Vault Hunters, like Lilith and Modecai from BL1, actually felt REAL if you played them back in the days, because they ACTUALLY remembered and all that. It was great.And the last cutscene, where Borderlands 2 pretty mch begins, just makes you want to reply Borderlands 2 because now you have so much background, it's just mind blowing.And Pro's con's or what?Pros:- Growing story, which was nicely told, but boring at first.-Growing characters and enemies. (Like, when new kinds of Guardians kept appearing, nicely done.)-The first two games being explained and remembered.-Flashbacks were nicely done.-Old characters that were still evolving, even thos they had beenin 2 games before.-New weapon elements.-New enemies.-The moon.Con's:-Bad loot that mostly flies off into space.-AI mostly doesn't care if you are around or not.-GLITCHES THAT MAKE THE GAME UNPLAYABLE.-Invincible enemies.-Enemies making you or your quest items stuck and you have to replay the whole thing.-Leveling is much easier because there are so many enemies everywhere.-The game feels slow.-Oxygen.-Gravity.And all in one? Would you recommend it?The game was good, but the feeling that you got at the end should have kicked in earlier. The ""I don't want to stop playing"" feeling just didn't exist. Until the last one hour. And then it was over. The story is good and evolving. So are the characters. They feel real and make old memories come back. The loot system is crap, but the new elements make up for it, same with the enemies. The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the new enemieraces balance that a little bit.The MultiPlayer is again more fun than the SinglePlayer, but that's clear, I guess. /Not anymore.I'd say I would recommend the game, just not NOW. (23.10.14)It's too buggy and I actually stopped playing for some days because it kept killing me for no legit reason. I once had an enemy under the ground and it didn't trigger the next spawn of enemies and I then decided to make my game online for everyone and no one had any idea. Later, some guy threw like a hundred grenades at the ground and he died. Nice.IF the bugs get fixed and you are through the main story line quest, there are TONS of side quests that I have not played yet. But like in BL1 & 2, I guess they will help you make your ingame time worth it.UPDATE: Most of them are bugged or are broken easily and it stops being fun.I didn't like the game until the very end. And that shouldn't and didn`t ever happen in any Borderlands so far. I was disappointed and even stopped playing. But I'd still say that it feels like a Borderlands, just not a complete game.If you are a fan, like me, you need to play it. If not, don't waste your time and money. Wait for a sale.6/10."
76561198162943466,Recommended,261640,23031130,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,thetruJH2,Decent game but nothing like part 2. It's still good though but my main problem I had with it was the legendary items and acquiring them. Keep in mind that I have not bought the DLC for the game so my opinion is strictly on just the base game. Trying to get the legendary weapons and items themselves are to me a bit of a pain. The grinder is a great addition but I feel they should've had more bosses well mini bosses that dropped these legendary items instead of having to make them. That was my main problem with it but other than that I loved the concept and story was good. It shows how Jack became Handsome Jack and was a great setup for a well anticipated sequel or excuse me Borderlands 3. I recommend it when it comes on sale because it's a great addition but can't if full price because to me the game was just a little on the short side.
,Recommended,261640,18230499,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Thicc Duck,The Pre-Sequel is decent compared to Borderlands 2 but if you really want to buy TPS do yourself a favor and buy this when it's on sale. Like right now.
,Recommended,261640,17048618,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Nicky,"I dont know why people seems to dislike this game, but its acctualy good. I acctualy like it as much as BL2! New interesting things, characters, and by the way, I always wanted to knew the past of Borderlands 2 characters. Great game, but it realy aint worth 55 euro, Its a bit overpriced, I would give 30 max ( I bought at summer sale for 18). My advice, wait for sale and buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,261640,22217643,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,🆆🅸🅽🅺🅾🅽🅴🆁,"I own Bad Rats and this is still the ♥♥♥♥♥iest thing in my library.This is the type of game that is more of an expansion than proper sequel (like Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell or Far Cry: Blood Dragon for example) that recycles everything that did the previous game and make it a little bit different just to milk some money of the franchise without really bringing anything new to the table. Recycled guns, recycled enemies, recycled jokes, recycled everything.  Which wouldn't mean necessarily a bad thing for somebody who just wants more of the thing he already done many times yet it fails even in that since the writing, level design and whole gameplay lacks anything interesting or fun. Only thing that was newly added was various bugs. I usually try to beat the game and write a review with a cold head but not this time. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,261640,26007401,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,"A lot of people hate this for various mechanics issues and I can kind of see what they're talking about. The maps involve a lot of running around and it's not THAT bad, but it is inferior to BL2. What is bad is that the story feels forced. It's very difficult to write a villain's descent into madness because readers/players will find it very easy to go, ""Dude, can't you tell you're kind of being a♥♥♥♥♥♥right now?"" And this game does NOT solve that. People have tried to explain it to me saying, ""Well, the characters are flawed."" or ""Well, he [Jack] was pushed over the edge,"" but like, none of it is very convincing. All the characters are still fun to play as in various ways so you can just play it as a shooter. However, it is impossible to play this single-player which ultimately earns my thumbs down. There was only one large DLC which some claim is a great analogy for depression but I feel is inferior to Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep from BL2."
,Recommended,261640,14442302,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Er-Mah-Gerd,9/10 Playing as claptrapwould be 10/10 if you could make claptrap dance.
,Not Recommended,261640,17036372,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,NewTroll,"I really do wish to recommend this game but the issue I'm having is whom I would recommend this game to. It is by no means a bad game! I actually do like it. But it suffers from one MASSIVE flaw...The Pre-Sequel is NOT anywhere as good as Borderlands 2.The two factors that made Blands 2 so awesome were it's entertaining story and it's characters which were (for the most part) entertaining to play. The Pre-Sequel does not deliver in both these areas. The story is only okay, and the playable characters are fairly under-whelming, even compared to the original Borderlands game. So I was tempted to recommend maybe playing this game BEFORE Blands 2, but even that leaves a sour taste in my mouth. The fact is, Blands 2 is cheaper. You can purchase it with it's major expansions for less than this game and it has TONS more content, all much more enjoyable.So who would I recommend this game to? The only players who come to mind would be the Borderlands fans (like me) but those gamers should have already played (and been disappointed by) this game. So who else is there? Maybe, just maybe, the very casual gamer who is taking thier sweet time getting to this game, but even them I'd recommend playing all the expansions for Borderlands 2 first, and then probably just starting yet another character in that game (or the original Borderlands) instead.And just FYI, I do own two copies of this game now. I originally purchased on console to play co-op with my son, and now have it on PC because it's the gaming system I prefer. And I will play even more of this game, but I just can't in good conscience recommend anyone else to do the same.So in conclussion, my feeling is if you haven't purchased this game already, then there's really no need to at this point. Either play Borderlands 2 (and it's expansions!) or just wait for Borderlands 3 instead."
76561198002560288,Not Recommended,261640,30577210,Posted: 17 March,all,PulseLaser,"Loved BL2 but this game just doesn't do it for me. I really don't like the jumping around in space (no gravity, slow jumps etc.) which sticks with you throughout. The guns don't feel like they did in BL2 and I seem to die a lot more too. Also not a big fan of the skills the characters have, compared to BL2. The levels also feel quite sparse and there's a lot of running around to get from A to B. It's not a bad game, but I just don't find it as good as BL2, to the point that I've tried a couple of times to stick with it, but lose interest after a few hours."
,Not Recommended,261640,13585198,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,General James Longstreet,"FIRST OF ALL, NINETY PERCENT OF ALL POSTIVE REVIEWS FOR THIS GAME ARE JUST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ JOKES MADE BY SAD ♥♥♥♥S TRYING TO GET THUMBS UP....whew... anyways...Literally just Borderlands 2 in space.Sure, there's a new story. And it's KINDA cool to see how Jack went bad. So basically, it's moderately entertaining for one playthrough.And then you realize, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ they added practically nothing to this game.I preordered this game after playing Borderlands and Borderlands 2 for endless hours on both the PC and Xbox 360.I was hoping for as many changes to this game as there were from between borderlands and borderlands 2.But there weren't. The game is just one big dissapoitnment and honestly, after playing through it once, you'll never want to play it again.If Borderlands 2 was like your life, and you've maxed it 100% 20 times and you just CRAVE more, for whatever reason, then sure, buy this game. If it's on sale for like 15 dollars. Maybe.But this game is most certainly not worth the whole price. It's just a dissapointment.I'm not trying to be cynical or negative or mean or anything like that. I'm just trying to be helpful here. Save your money and move on with your life."
,Recommended,261640,13288498,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Nitirat,"I can only repeat what everyone else is saying: yes, it has its shortcomings, but if you love the series, you'll probably love this. If you're not a fan, probably nothing here will sway you. I personally love it. The Aussie humour won't appeal to all but I kinda like it. The new weapon-types are pretty cool: laser weapons and cryo elemental damage is well implemented. I like at least something about all the new characters. Athena, Nisha, Wilhelm, Claptrap and Jack (note: at time of writing the final dlc character hasn't been released) all have something going for them, be it tanking, damage or healing. The graphics are pretty timeless due to the nature of the engine and the soundtrack is up to the usual standards. Boss fights are generally fun and the storyline, presentation and dialogue is generally hilarious/appropriately serious but with a few misses. But yes, it does kinda feel like a glorified expansion.To summarise, if you love the series, essential. If it's ""like"" rather than ""love"", you'll probably like it but it's not essential to your life. If you're not fussed about the series you probably won't be swayed. If you really hate the series, well, nothing will convert you, I don't think ;)"
76561198104076481,Recommended,261640,33935028,Posted: 31 July,all,Flames99Fuse,"The space segments felt really gimmicky, and at times I felt myself losing inspiration to continue the storyline. Too many sidequests IMO, way too easy to get distracted. The vehicles are great though. I haven't had a chance to try the co-op but the singeplayer was a step in the right direction from the last. Comedy returned to perfection. Overall though I have to say the presequel is so far the weakest addition to the series. I don't have as much to say about it as I did the others, as it would all be repeating. Still a fun game though.Countless more guns than both previous installments combined definitely earns it my stamp of approval. No matter your preferred playstyle, if it involves guns, you'll probably find it here.Still like the series? Go for it! The $40 price tag isn't ideal considering the first two are both $20, but if you can catch it on sale or in a bundle, do it! I do not recommend this be your first of the series"
,Recommended,261640,34266911,Posted: 15 August,all,Shebby,Excelent game but not enough replayability and content.Worth the money if you buy it on sale
76561198159580293,Recommended,261640,25849982,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,gabeknepp,"50 Step Guide For How To Have Fun In Life: (CONTAINS SPOILERSSSSS)1. Buy Borderlands 1 (Of course GOTY! What are you a skag?)2. Select a character (Brick because he's the one that isn't a trash or in love with a bird)3. Play (with friends)4. Play more5. Get sick loot (make sure your friends get none of it so they think you're good)6. Realise there's better loot and your friends have been stealing it from you7. Beat the game and be slightly dissapointed8. Play it 5 more times for the lols and reach lvl 69 (party)9. Do the dlc and cry at the amount of loot10. Finish all the dlc11. Play it again for safe measures12. Wait for paycheck to come13. Buy Borderlands 2 (GOTY of course)14. Buy all of the other dlc that isn't included in the GOTY (Mainly the second level cap w/ digistruct peak)15. Play the game (get your friend/friends to play with you and make sure one of you is a siren (and don't choose Zer0 he's trash))16. Meet the storys protagonist Jack (yes I know what a protagonist is)17. Get told sweet sweet lies from Roland and Lilith (dirty bandits)18. Start believing Jack is the antagonist even though I said he's the protagonist19. Kill Jack's daughter (realise Jack is pretty f***ed up)20. Watch as Jack goes insane21. Kill the corrupted hero and the thing that could restore peace to this wasteland22. Cry as the credits roll23. Borderlands 3 ideas?!? (Gearbox hurry tf up)24. Play the best batch of dlc's ever made25. Get more friends so you don't get wrecked by the savage raid bosses26. Farm the raid bosses until you get to lvl 72 and have epic loot27. Become OP!!!!!!! (IT'S A THING)28. Cry because your friends have families by this point and can't play with you (filthy bandits)29. Make new friends30. Buy the Pre-Sequel (GOTY isn't really worth it but who cares you're obsessed with these games by now)31. Learn why Jack is the true hero32. Be happy you didn't play as a filthy bandit back when you played Borderlands 1 (yes I know Brick is a legitimate bandit king, he's nice on the inside)33. Bring the totally not corrupt hero to power34. Learn that everything is Liliths fault35. Realise you're the antagonist in Borderlands 236. Watch as Jack fades into madness (All Lilith and Moxie's fault)37. Finish the game (Get more hot Borderlands 3 hints)38. Play all of the games again with your new-found knowledge39. Look up Borderlands 340. Cry41. Build a cryogenic sleep chamber and wait (they can't see you cry if your tears freeze before they can fully form)42. Wake up in a hospital because you tried to sleep in a freezer43. Play the games again44. And again (try out every possible character (with a frown the entire time you're playing as Lilith))45. Hear Gearbox is making a new game46. Cry because it isn't Borderlands47. Watch as the game flops horrifically (goddamnit Overwatch, taking the spotlight)48. Hear Gearbox is starting to make a new Borderlands game49. Cry because it wasn't announced at E350. Realise this guide is a lie and you're now extremey depressed (but at least you're hopefull)Conclusion: You're going to be depressed at some point no matter what you do, might as well cherish the happy times with friends and some sick loot"
,Recommended,261640,33777878,Posted: 24 July,all,Biggles,"Borderlands and I have had a long, storied relationship. If you bother to look at my games played (and stop that, you creep) you'll notice that I spent an embarrassing amount of time playing Borderlands 2. The weird thing is, I'm not sure if I actually liked that game.It clearly did something right. It must have - I wasted around 160 hours of my life grinding its many environments for equipment with better numbers than my current equipment. But when I think ""Borderlands 2"", I really think about the fate of my character - Salvador the Gunzerker.See, I invested a LOT of playtime into that character. At some point, I began a new game+ with him. And that, for me, was a moronic thing to do. I played a bit of the campaign all over again, and got bored until the DLC came out. Mistake. Huge, huge mistake. The DLC came out, and I wasn't at the recommended level for it....I struggled through it anyway.Borderlands 2 had a fundamental flaw, you see. I'm not sure how they could address it, but basically it relies heavily on leveling, and even being one level above or below the recommended level for a mission makes it p***-easy or incredibly hard. And from there, I grew to hate a game I spent a lot of time playing.Now, I could have started a character over, but that was a lot of time I just didn't have. I could have (and probably in retrospect SHOULD have) modified my save, but I was too proud at the time. What I really wanted was a way to bring my character up to speed with the DLC....At least, that's what I thought at the time. Now I realize, if I was fretting over numbers that much, how could I possibly have been enjoying the game?Enter Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.SequelitisNow, I remembered all this when The Pre-Sequel came out, and purposefully stayed away. But eventually nostalgia of a sort hit me, this game hit $3, and I decided to give it a go, long after all its DLC was out. Smart me, thought I, for avoiding the trap I fell into last time.TPS (which I'm referring to this game as from now on) is a pure sequel. It's the most sequely kind of sequel I can think of. It doesn't honestly do much other than tweak BL2 in some simple ways.TPS is BL2 with faster, more aerial combat, essentially. Whether or not TPS is worth, frankly, anything, comes down to a question: would faster combat have completely revitalized your love of BL2?For me... I'm not sure. I feel that familiar ""revisit the same f****ing area"" fatigue set in and essentially ragequit the game. BUT, and this is important, I come back because the core combat is more mindless, and therefore fun, than I remember BL2 ever being. For some people, the reduction in difficulty is probably a turn-off. For me, I think it saves the game.The writing's slightly less obnoxious (fewer BUTT STALLION LOL jokes, more ""this game was developed in Australia and we're going to make sure you know that). The combat's more fun. The loot system is a little more generous with the legendary drops.Overall, I like it.At least, for three dollars."
,Recommended,261640,17154846,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Matt Zion,"Really not feeling this entry into the series. They didn't do much to make this stand apart other than the being in space gimmick, which gets old really fast. It ends up becoming annoying having to refill your air all the time. Humor is still pretty good & gun play is fun. Sadly even while playing with friends I was zoning out after a few hours and it felt like I was forcing myself to play it. Play the first two games before this one and wait for a sale. 3 out of 5 Matt faces."
,Recommended,261640,13654263,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fifth_Quarter,"The Pre-Sequel is basically BL2 in space with cosmetic changes and additions.The mechanics, AI, menu's all the background stuff are the same as BL2.The difference is an all new main story (filling in what happened between BL1 & 2) on new maps/environments (either in or on the surface of Elpis or on Helios Station), populated by a wide variety of new creatures (that a lot seem like alternate named variations of bandits or creatures already on Pandora), the addition of a new laser weapon type (which is fantastic) and of course the Vault hunters (possibly the best thing about PS) that we all thought we the bad guys.Overall the game plays well, the main story is good if not a little short, the new laser weapons have good variety & the Vault hunters are brilliantly done.I would recommend the game, but would state that unless your big fan that wants to know the missing stories of the BL2 characters as well as have some Fragtrap induced lightshow seizure whilst taking on flying Australian midgets in space, I'd wait for a sale.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,22252934,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,0restes,A massive letdown but I couldn't pass on the $5 tag.There's no endgame. Coop (best thing about BL) is gone for good. Loot is scarce and I barely got 4 golds in 4 complete gamethroughs. Skill trees are poorly done and there are way less builds than in BL2 compensated by overpowering one or two skills (stacking ones mostly).If you're a huge fan of the franchise you will enjoy it like I did but otherwise just wait for the $5 sale or the GOTY edition if it ever comes out.Also Gibb the hell out of it as you will never get the gear you want.
,Recommended,261640,12703382,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Camper,"This is mostly going to be a positive review. I am writing this review after I've reached level 50 with my character and completed almost every quest so I guess I can judge the game as fairly as possible.// 1 //For those who expect too many changes, sorry. This game is very similar to Borderlands 2. Engine, graphics, humor and other key features are very similar to BL2. However, that doesn't mean it's a bad thing. Those who loved Borderlands 2 are definitely going to atleast like Pre-Sequel, if not to love it as well.// 2 //In my opinion, the story was solid, it wasn't too epic, but it was enjoyable. It filed the gaps between BL1 and BL2. Gameplay was amazing, I absolutely enjoyed every aspect of it, especially the low gravity, butt-slams, cryo guns, laser guns, moon surface and much more. They did a great job on this. Soundtrack was solid, but it felt a bit calm in many parts of the maps. Too calm maybe, I sometimes didn't even hear it over the shooting and EXPLOSIONS. The game just keeps doing what Borderlands 2 did great and keeps improving that. Levels are much more balanced, combat is balanced, gameplay improved, etc.// 3 //To not make this review too long, here are my pros and cons about Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.+Gameplay+Story+Graphics, aesthetics+Atmosphere+Shooter elements, rpg elements+Leveling up, progression of your character+4 player coop+Laser guns of course :D-Repetitive? (for some people, this is a negative thing)-Lack of originality-Lazy re-skinned models of guns from BL2-Soundtrack, not bad, but could be improved much more-PhysX, doesn't work smoothly (60+fps) on majority of high-end computers-No button to autmatically refill your ammo! (ha-ha, iz joke)That's about it, the game doesn't have many negative aspects, nothing that would ruin the game.For a new player to BL series, those negatives won't probably even matter.My score would be 8/10 for this game. It's great, fun and enjoyable, especially with good friends, but could have been much better. It had a lot of potential. But just like any other game, it can not be perfect.~Camper"
76561198013416066,Recommended,261640,34914487,Posted: 12 September,all,Strider,"In relation to Borderlands 2, the characters are much weaker, the humor is much thicker, the accent is Australian, and the scenery is all moon-ish. Overall, weaker than Borderlands 2, much less serious of a product. I ended up buying it at sale. If you buy it at sale, for 1/4 it's price, I say it's worth the buck."
76561197985072747,Recommended,261640,12713766,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Comedy Sci-Fi FPS/RPGI played through the first two games and this one, both alone and with friends. I enjoy the mix of FPS and RPG and the varied guns you find allowing you to always play for new loot. The story fills in gaps between the first and second games and is enjoyable to playthrough and follow. After a normal playthrough you can up the difficulty and go through it again for even more loot and to reach level 50. I assume ther will be more DLC released that will add more missions and stories so I am in no rush to do this yet. I also find the game just as fun in solo on the first playthrough as with friends. You will need to co-op against the raid boss on the final mission though! The cell shaded graphics look cool and the four characters are varied enough that you could go through the game with each (hopefully there will be a couple more of these coming too). I found the game just the right length, if you do all the missions and I didn't get bored considering I have seen something very similar twice before. So if it ain't broke..."
76561197969276266,Recommended,261640,35114423,Posted: 21 September,all,PAW,If you enjoyed B1 and B2 you will enjoy this one aswell. IMO it's better than B1 and a bit worse than B2 but still it's great game :)8/10
76561197977450814,Recommended,261640,34841399,Posted: 9 September,all,HyperDebtRay,"Wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wubSeriously though, Borderlands the presequel is a great game on its own. Is it better than Borderlands 2, no it is not, but taken on its own merits the PreSequel is a worthy addition to your gaming addiction despite some of its flaws.Some things I liked:- Lasers! pew pew pew pew- Handsome Jack is pretty cool, hes still an♥♥♥♥♥hole though- Moon environment, low gravity, oxygen mechanic is a fresh change- Cameos from Tiny Tina, Torgue and original Vault Hunters- Grinders to recycle weapons are neat- CL4P-TPSome things I didn't like so much:- Difficulty curve spikes arbitrarily before reaching Helios again, you find yourself dying... a lot- Why are the golden keys and golden chest so hard to find initially?- Dying from missed jumps- The DLC characters are forgettable- CL4P-TPIf I can summarize the PreSequel its like that filler episode in your favorite anime you're watching, but you don't mind it because it features generous amounts of fanservice from all your waifus.Wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub"
,Recommended,261640,29729506,Posted: 5 February,all,gubertuber,"Summary is at the end.After the legend that was Borderlands 2, many people had high expectations for the next game in the series. This has been a consistent problem in the gaming community is that we overly hype a game to such a degree that it would be impossible for the final release to fufill our expectations. Some of this game not meeting the expectations of the fanbase is indeed due to shortcomings of the game/developers. This includes things such as the shorter storyline, lack of a real endgame that made Borderlands 2 have it's incredible replay value, a decent number or reskinned enemies ported over from BL2, bosses not respawn when the game was first released (No longer the case, it's patched now c:), lack of many ""Raid Bosses"" as seen in BL2, and 2k Australia's death causing this game not getting the 2nd expected content update that was expected for Season Pass holders. Yeah the humor is somewhat different from the previous games but it doesn't particularly bother me, and still gave me a chuckle now and again. I really have no feelings towards the Grinder one way or the other.The movement system in this game took me a while to deem as good or bad. What finally got me to decide it was definately an improvement was when I went back to play the previous installment, I couldn't help but try to do the air-boosts when running longer distances, or doing a butt slams to stop airial movement when knocked about (F**k you Terramorphous) I have mixed feelings about the O2 system, but at worst it was slightly annoying when running out of O2 so it didn't really bother me in the end. The pacing (and ending) of the game is MUCH better and more satisfying than the original Borderlands (which felt difficult to play for long stretches when I first got it), and is at least comparable to BL2 in that regard. Playing as a group of character's which are (for the most part) enemies in BL2 gave a greater appreciation for them in the previous game. Going back and replaying BL2 afterwards actually made the run more enjoyable which was probably an unintentional but nice effect nevertheless.In summary, I believe Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel was a good game. It added mechanics which made sense in the setting and which I felt added to the game. It did not match up with the expectations the previous Borderlands game set into motion and it does have some flaws, but I feel it is a good game and simply could never measure up due to how high our expectation were. If you're new to this franchise, I would personally recommend grabbing Borderlands 2: GOTY Edition first as it (and the DLC's that come with the GOTY edition) are in fact the superior experience. But for anyone who had played Borderlands 2 and enjoyed it: this game does a fair enough job with the tools it was given and does enough to add a great deal to previous installments to merrit giving it a go.Grabbing the Season Pass is up to you, main things in there worthwhile are the two DLC character's (which people like) and the content DLC Claptastic Voyage (which people love)."
,Not Recommended,261640,32752158,Posted: 24 June,all,Dr Megaman,"This was the least engaging Borderlands game to date.  It's passable and you'd probably have fun if it's your first one, but I wouldn't recommend it. This entire game gave me a distinct feeling that there's something missing that I just can't put my finger on.It's still not that bad, but I'd highly recommend the much cheaper and much better Borderlands 1 & 2 to any newcomers.  Seriously, those games were stellar.  Pre-Sequel feels like cut-out parts of Borderlands 2 DLC.  So if you''ve already played BL2, all its DLC, and you're desperately craving more, you'll probably like Pre-Sequel."
,Not Recommended,261640,12493873,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,spookyjue,"I don't know if it's just me, but i'm not feeling the hype in this game. I see it as the same game as before and it's not a big improvement at all. Since it's not from 2K directly i would understand, but the game feels rushed. There are some bugs i've encounterd while opening chest and etc.If you really want to play this game, wait until it goes on sale. Not worth $60."
,Recommended,261640,21903638,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ashes,"gameplay and mechanics in TPS are miles ahead of Borderlands 2 where it gets boring trekking back and forth over and over again, this is because of a more intuitive map/mission design overall where they tend to give you almost all the missions the first time around rather than sending you back xxx times to a zone miles away.story is not quite as long but i prefer that as it's probably the right length to avoid it becoming a chore. story also feels less contrived to me, while still having it's weak moments, the setting feels a lot more involving. the game world is slightly more linear which leads to it feeling less like a free-roaming game - this would have been very easy to remedy imo.the oxygen and jump boost mechanics are definitely a breath of freshly generated air, making travel on foot more efficient but also more enjoyable as it just gives that bit of extra freedom that allows better traversal of the often jagged landscape that is almost trademark to the Borderlands series. it is very rare for the oxygen mechanic to pose a problem as there are O2 generators everywhere, and when it does, i feel that it adds to the exhilaration, as you desperately sprint to find that precious O2 refill, while your health very slowly ticks down (when O2 is completely empty). i like how managing the jump boost and O2 becomes a balance, as you use O2 to boost and speed your travel whilst trying not to deplete your supplies too much until you see another refill point.new hoverbike plays nicely, brings an alternative utility for a vehicle with it's ability to propel itself upwards for a few seconds. other traditional BL game mechanics such as storage deck upgrades take a more streamlined approach, mostly quality of life improvement to avoid players standing around wasting time for example at the slot machines. new lazer and cryo weapon types are both interesting and effective.the heroes! they are just generally much cooler and more badass in TPS than BL2, and it's not just their look/characterisation, but also the special abilities which definitely pack more of a punch. overall this adds the feeling that they actually deserve their legendary reputations, unlike BL2 where it's more about SAYING how badass they are rather than just simply being badass.by far the worst aspect of this game is the lack of good DLC, as the only real, fully-fleshed DLC is the Claptastic voyage, and while that has novel ideas and style to it, it starts to get dull before too long. this game desperately needs new DLC areas set elsewhere on the moon of Elpis, something i fear it will never receive now."
,Not Recommended,261640,27760595,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Parasight,Downgraded version of BL2
76561197998626572,Not Recommended,261640,21996067,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,AndreiROM,"This is not Borderlands. It's the husk of it. The proverbial dead horse being beaten.The Story ...... sucks.I mean, we all know how it ends, right? Jack becomes a murdering psycho who enslaves the entire planet.But he actually starts off as a really nice guy who's willing to compromise, wants to save the world, sacrifices himself for others, and places his trust heavily in his""friends"".The whole plot revolves around a number of decisions which make little to no sense. Betrayals which the characters lack motivation for, or even worse, is hand-waived based on events which took place ""off-screen"", before the player came along, and are part of the characters history, but aren't shared with us. What the heck, people?A lot of the major dialogs which lead to Jack becoming a murdering ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ actually have me feeling more sympathetic for him than for the so called ""good guys"". His shift to ""evil"" also feels completely unnatural and forced.Even the main characters (3 of whom are not really relevant to the greater story being told - only Athena is) feel very one-dimensional and under-represented.Did you want to find out:How Wilhelm ended up in that robot chassis?How Nisha ends up Jack's GF and Sheriff?How Claptrap ends up stranded in a frozen wasteland, not to mention a completely useless idiot?Well, too bad, folks. The most you'll get to see - if you're patient enough to sit though the credits - are a few sketches poorly outlining those character's story lines. I mean, really? Such wasted potential for DLC content.The Humor ...... sucks.No, sorry. It doesn't suck - that's putting it far too mildly. It's absolutely terrible. Obnoxious. Childish. Forced. Over-the-top, and often mired in Australian lingo which simply doesn't resonate with most Western audiences at all.In short it isdisturbingly bad, especially for a Borderlands title.I remember laughing so hard while playing BL2 that my ribs hurt. I had few, if any moments when I even smiled during this game. Mostly I just imagined punching most of the characters into silence whenever they launched into one of their long winded and ""humorous"" monologues.And one more thing. Many of the short captions introducing important NPCs and bosses? Few were good, almost none were funny, and most simply fell flat.Gone is the witty, snappy humor of Borderlands, replaced with a PG13 Australian version (apparently) written by a failed comedian.The Loot ...... sucks.Seriously? I remember combing through BL2's maps looking for every hidden weapon chest, and being rewarded with pretty decent weapons. I remember switching out guns as a I found better and better stuff.Now?Thank God for Gold Keysis all I have to say.I stopped opening chests because there was simplyno point. Evenwhiteloot drops were remarkably rare, nevermind a decent blue or purple weapon.Other than that the guns are what you already experienced in BL2, except for lasers and freeze rays - which, I admit, are sort of cool, but don't make up for all the other crap.The enemies ...... suck.Not exactly the brightest of the bunch. I was able to run from one objective to another without having to engage most of them because they're slow to notice you, and don't really follow you very far. It was great when all I wanted to do was get to the next way-point - which they bounce around the map in order to force you to kill as many mobs as possible.Another important point: the game's number one progression mechanic is not to actually go places, but be stuck waiting for a door to open while enemies keep spawning on top of you. The grind is real in the Pre Sequel.The Lunar Mechanics... sort of suck.The low gravity and jump packs can be fun to play with. Constantly having to watch your O2 meter gets old within the first 10 minutes.Honestly, this is the first BL game where I hadZERO interest(see what I did there?) in trying to find the hidden content.As many others have pointed out, driving the buggy pretty much sucks. The other vehicle type is also incredibly clunky and difficult to ""jump"" with, which is funny seeing how that's it's entire reason for existence.ConclusionI picked up this game and all the DLC's for a grand total of $20. I honestly feel like I got ripped off.This is not a Borderlands game. It's a travesty of one. It was seemingly made by people who sort of, kinda, understood what Borderlands is and got the loresomewhat right, yet managed to miss the heart and soul of it.This game is a major disappointment."
76561197972052979,Not Recommended,261640,25530306,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,knapster2k,"As Borderlands 2 is one of my favorite games ever, I was totally psyched for Pre-Sequel, but unfortunately totally disappointed, and mainly for two very big reasons:Humor. Borderlands is all about humor and this outrageously over the top Australian humor was simply annoying. I liked Springs but even she got pretty annoying and never was actually funny. She's much better in Tales from the Borderlands btw. Borderlands without laughter is no proper Borderlands.Quests. While Borderlands 2 had side quests that sent you to new places and had unique and fun stories, the side quests in Pre-Sequel are all boring fetch quests that send you to the same identical locations over and over and over and over. Nothing makes a game more boring than that."
,Recommended,261640,12507059,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Viazi Vitamu,"I honestly don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the opinion of other people when it comes to reading the reviews. I bought this game because of my love for the series and willingness to support the company for a possibilty at a future game and the guarentee of new content. Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥if it doesn't have the leaps and bounds that one assumes it should?I came for the gameplay, humour, references, and story, not to hear people whine because it isn't what they expected.Yes, this is a recommendation. Play it if you love the series, don't buy it because other people expected much more and are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it. Support the company and maybe you might get something more out of it in the future.Honestly, enjoy Borderlands for what it is...Pop culture references and witty one-liners with dozens upon dozens of combinations for weapons and tons of things to shoot, instead of whining that there are not huge amounts of additions. Just be glad you got a continuation instead of a huge cliff hanger.Post-note: I don't care if you don't like the swearing, bugger off. I really don't care if you don't like that aspect. Either like or dislike my review. I DON'T CARE. I'm stating my stance on the game and the whiny people that are complaining that ""IT DOESN'T LIVE UP TO THE SERIES AND IT HAS NO NEW FEATURES WAH WAH"".It's a FILLER GAME. It's not supposed to be a main hurrah of the series. It's supposed to clear up the plothole between BL1 and BL2. It's much like Brotherhood and the like in the Assassin's Creed series.Stop fussing. The more you whine and complain, the less likely you'll get a Borderlands 3 or anything beyond.And stop complaining that I curse too much in my review. I don't give a ♥♥♥♥.To quote George Carlin:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ucker, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198003838639,Not Recommended,261640,25500352,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ミル・ウイルム,"I'll be comparing it to Borderlands 2 and list cons and pros here.+Lazers (but it's kinda clanky in use and not really interesting)+Cryo weapons (fun)+Glitched (DLC) mechanics is great and should be added/expanded in any way in Borderlands 3+You got to see what happend before Jack went nuts and story shows you a different perspective.-Game is short. About 8-10 hours short if you skip most side quests.-Writing is so bad it hurts.-Where's all the humour?! It's gone!-Classes are so immesurably boring after Borderlands 2. After Krieg or Gage the only interesting dude here is...a robot. But it's mostly for coop play.  So out of all characters only Wilhelm and Fragtrap are somewhat okay-ish in terms of skill trees. Athena is really well balanced, but boring in terms of gameplay. Also, she's like Roland, but female. I wanted to say ""she has the same boring personality that Rolad possess"", but you can't use ""Roland"" and ""personality"" in the same sentence.-Season pass is a cash grab. Buy it only on discount.-Unlockable skins and heads are quite bland. Default heads are the best.-Also a couple of words about car controls and quests with time limits: they ♥♥♥♥ing suck♥♥♥♥♥♥ass♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the ♥♥♥♥ who even came up with that ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea that it would be great??!You should give this game a try, but only when it's on a discount. For a full price? NO.P.S. Sums up my experience with Claptastic DLC:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003838639/screenshot/200804344080351901"
76561198055555262,Recommended,261640,12787654,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Terickle,"The Pres-Sequel is an adaptation in another environment of Borderlands 1 and 2.The new are mainly: 1- A modified gravity (very fun), 2-  A new type of vehicle, a semi-air this time, 3-  a new type of weapon (laser), and finally a new element (ice), but the slag has disappeared.I must say that even if they are impact type shields , the disappearance of the famous Bee shield makes me very sad, but the legendary sham always exist.We do not know when Borderlands 3 will be developing, but CEO Randy Pitchford of Gearbox seems impressed by the heaviness of the task at hand. We have no choice but to wait.He remains that a fan like me of the Borderlands franchise, which has several thousand hours of gameplay, will found in The Pre-Sequel the same game mechanics than its predecessors but will appreciate the new environment to explore.The only annoying side is that sometimes the game becomes a maze , out of anything else."
,Not Recommended,261640,31334486,Posted: 23 April,all,Dr.Noname98,"Just play Borderlands 1 and 2, way better"
,Recommended,261640,13820025,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,FORCE BREAKER,"Some people have given negative reviews on this game. Let it be known that their reviews are irrelevant and should be ignored, here's why--you can freeze enemies solid with Han Solo style laser pistols! You can glide around in the air like a lubed up moon dwelling Batman! You can buttslam enemies! BUTTSLAM THEM!!!!!!! Now if that isn't considered fun, then you must be a sad, depressed elderly hermit who enjoys playing slow paced, pixellated games from the stone age but then again, my Grandfather even enjoys this game so being elderly is no excuse. IGNORE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS AND THE VOICES IN YOUR HEAD! Buy the game, you'll thank me later."
,Recommended,261640,14504481,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fizzy,"Oh man such a fantastic game. After putting about 800 hours or so into borderlands 2 on the 360, I had burnt myself on that game, and when I initially got this game I was still a little burnt and put it down about halfway through the story. Recently I got a new craving and started a new Athena character and oh I blazed through the game. Absolutely great side title to the series, the space mechanics are incredible fun, the laser and ice fit in perfectly and are great with my elemental build. The loot felt lacking as I won the game with guns 10 levels under as I was getting very poor loot throughout. Haven't tackled playthrough two or beyond, but I feel hungry for more of this game and the story felt very good, watching the perspective of handsome jack. Sure somethings felt a bit forced or played or too coincidental, but it was fun, it was exciting, new, and I had a blast. Highly recommended to any borderlands fan, and this just makes me so much more excited for borderlands 3."
,Recommended,261640,13753205,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ninjacrab,Borderlands 2 in space. Enough said.
,Recommended,261640,14054733,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ Electro,10/10   my best (fallout series comes second) RPG game ever and also my first (borderlands 1). the refrences + the amount of guns + abilities.. etc are soooo many! and awesome. everthing in this game is pure perfect i remember when i first got this when i randomly walked into a store in a mall and bought it (first time playing it was on ps3) and boy am i happy i walked into that store.i do RECOMMEND that you start off from borderlands 1 then 2 then play the pre-sequel  if you want to enjoy the story. just so that everything makes sence to you when you finish the game :).now go on and enjoy every penny you put in this pure piece of art.
,Recommended,261640,14046405,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,HomeworkHelper,MAKES ME FEEL GOOD
,Recommended,261640,15106576,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Noble Squire.Tondi,if your thing is listening to a little annoying piece of crap robot that does not shut the hell up. Then this is the game for you. Otherwise this is still the game for you.
76561198121470356,Recommended,261640,32097041,Posted: 31 May,all,Topspookerino,"Well worth a try if youre a fan of borderlands, but under one circumstance only: its on sale.The game can be enjoyable and played for a long period of time, however its not too meaty of a game and content can run dry quite quickly.To give credits to the game, its characters skill trees are much more impressive when compared to previous tittles and the occasional chatter between the mc's can be very satisfying, especially when paired with unique dialogue throughout the game.The two dlc characters are no let down, the doppleganger and the baroness are both very powerful and fun to play, along with the claptastick dlc the game can be well worth the time. To make the game even better, be sure to play with atleast one other person, it makes the experience o' so much better."
,Recommended,261640,33802604,Posted: 25 July,all,Legendäres Ebenholzross,Would recommend.
76561198147978182,Recommended,261640,14219782,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Yasmin,"ist ein würdiger Nachfolger für Borderlands 2, aber leider momentan einfach noch zu kurz und zu schnell durchgespielt. aber denoch mit der selben art humor und einfach ein muss für jeden Kammerjäger."
76561197983929314,Recommended,261640,22214190,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,"Got this one on sale, loved borderlands 1 & 2. Im not really sure how to put it, but i found this game pretty meh. To me everything felt pretty meh including the meh storyline and the meh quests/side quests and all the areas kinda looked the same.Got it for 5 euros and got right over 20 hours of not to good not to bad gameplay. You will not miss much if you skip this one, but if you have some free time to kill pick it up on sale. 6/10"
76561198078277929,Recommended,261640,14664765,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tsuyu,"If you've never played Borderlands 2 then you should buy this game, it has a great story, great characters and some pretty funny dialogue and quests. But if you're like me and spent waaaaay too long playing Borderlands 2 then the amount of recycled content makes the game boring and bland mostly because if you find any loot in a chest you can almost guarantee you've already used it in Borderlands 2. Apart from the new laser gun type which are a refreshing new adition to the formula but unfortunatly most of the unique lasers all feel the same and some are still OP after nerfs. You still get a fun co-op experience like you do with the first 2 games though with 6 unique classes that all feel different and have different story dialogue to help the MANY playthroughs feel fresh. Still no raid boss though, no respawnable bosses and very few new legendaries outside of laser guns. 7/10 - Buy it on sale"
76561198231170704,Recommended,261640,25054449,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,スケボー少年 hellcase.com,Pure Greatness
,Recommended,261640,15024797,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mister Lister the Sister Fister,"It's a really fun game, especially for me because I am in love with the characters you get to play as. Nisha, Wilhelm, Claptrap, Aurelia, and Jack are all such solid classes. Athena is okay, but in my opinion she's the least interesting. Anyways, gameplay is a just what you would expect from a Borderlands game: shoot the ♥♥♥♥ out of everything and get tons of loot. Also, if you love the lore of Borderlands than this is a great game for youAs a die hard Borderlands fan, this game hyped me up to extremes. I bought two copies and I honestly was a LITTLE let down. Just a little bit. I'll make a scrambled up list for my own pros and cons for anybody who shares my thoughts. I've bought all of the dlcs so I can try and review them too.BASE GAME:pros- Solid story, it adds a lot to the world they've created.- Motha. Fuggin. BUTTSLAM? Fun as hell dudes.- The Oz kits and air system is a cool add, easy to control like it doesn't exist, but I can appreciate it anyways.-No gravity, you spend the whole time on the moon. When I go back to playing Borderlands 2, I immediately miss flying through the air.- The game is well-optimized. I remember it being pretty buggy here and there at launch but they resolved it quickly.- You get to learn more about Jack, since he's your boss. Same with Nisha, Wilhelm, Claptrap (especially in his dlc) and it introduces new characters like Timothy Lawrence (Jack's body double) And Aurelia Hammerlock, the sister of Alister Hammerlock. It also reintroduces old characters from previous games, such as Nakayama. Jack's #1 fanboy.- Funny and super amusing dialogue from the characters you play as! I'm so happy they have playable characters that can now talk, and NPCs all react differently for each character thanks to their personalities.- If you're a gun nut.... yeah. This game.- Jack's body double. Best. Character. EVER. (Same with Aurelia)Cons- The game raises more questions than answers. I'm guessing they are gonna do a lot in Borderlands 3 though, this definitely hypes for the third.- A lot of the bosses are forgettable. They all seem to have very weak qualities that sets them apart from another. Borderlands 2 had amazing unique qualities to their bosses.- I think this game tries a little too hard to be Borderlands 2, it tries to be wacky, and zany... but the execution left a lot to be desired.-There aren't many character depths, usually when you meet an NPC that's all you get. Borderlands 2 had a lot of awesome npcs and characters that everyone fell in love with, you just don't get that in this game as much.-The only memorable characters this game introduced would be Janey, Pickles, Felicity. That's about all I can remember off the top of my head.- I compare this game a lot to Borderlands 2, which probably isn't fair, but compared to the second game, this game's quests are lackluster.- Wilhelm's class is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, if you're looking to play someone like Axton. His trees leave a lot to be desired. He was my main for a while and he is WEAK as hell. I quickly switched to Jack' though and don't regret it.CLAPTASTIC VOYAGE:[/b]pros- It breathes SO much life into the game.- It's fun, mesmerizing for a dlc based around CLAPTRAP.- Brightly colored digital world, you get to see a lot of cool stuff happening and it's just hilarious.- The whole DLC requires you to travel inside of Claptrap. It sounds 'wtf' at first but the moment you dive right in, you are guaranteed to have tons of fun.- It's comparable to Tiny Tina's dlc for the second game. It definitely isn't at that godly on a level, but this game needed a good dcl and Claptastic is just that.- That end cinematic though. It made me love Claptrap. This game will probably turn everybody to loving that stupid robot.- Great dialogue, awesome soundtrack.- YOU GET TO REVISIT ZONES FROM THE FIRST AND SECOND GAMES!- This DLC also answers a lot of questions instead of raising them.IT'S WORTH THE MONEY, TRUST ME.cons-Last boss fight is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I know it's gonna be hard when I do it on UTHM. pray for meThe Holodome Onslaught:[/b]No.Don't buy it. It's awful. The only semi-decent things to come out of this stupid dlc are the skins I guess.Basically you just fight in a big dome, that's it. There is literally nothing to it. It's not the fun kinda fighting, either. The area is TOO big and you have to kill everybody to go to the next level. It's long, tedious, and the rewards aren't worth it. You get some audio logs from Axton and Gaige but that's all that it brings to the table. Awful DLC. Just look up all the audio logs and you'll be up to date on what's going on with them."
,Recommended,261640,16491567,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kureiji Daiyamondo,"the game tried to stop me from playing as Claptrap10/10all silliness aside, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is actually worth playing, but not for the $60 price tag. Get it when it's on sale, like I did because I got the entire game (base game, ""Jack"", Aurelia, The Holodome, and the Claptastic Voyage) for about $25. The game is really well-done and here is a list of why I recommend this:1) Great number of missions2) Bosses are fair3) All six new Action Skills and their accompanying Skill Trees are useful (my personal faves are Claptrap's ""VaultHunter.EXE"", which mimics the six skills from BL2 (then adds some like Pirate Ship Mode and Laser Inferno which includes a giant disco ball), and Aurelia's ""Cold as Ice"" (she sends out a shard of ice that homes in on enemies. Press the action key/button all you like until the duration runs out. It's f^&*ing awesome))4) The new Cryo element is fun to use and easy to learn and utilize (it also acts similarly to Slag from Borderlands 2)5) And the Glitched weapons (found in Claptastic Voyage) are neat and really useful"
,Recommended,261640,16508945,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NemoA90,"Although this game is a fun play it does not live up to the Borderlands legacy. The difficulty curve is really messed up, the maps are rather poorly designed and there are not enough fast travel stations to make the gameplay fluid. These things added together sometimes inspires unnecessary frustration and will probably kill the fun for some.That being said the humor we have come to expect is still there and most of the dialog is entertaining. Since much of the humor is clearly colored by the australian development team it might go over the head of some.In short: Borderlands the pre-sequel is not of the same quality as either of the previous games, neither in gameplay or humor, but it fills a hole in the storyline and lets you play with some entertaining new characters.I recomend getting it on sale as it is not worth the full price."
76561198064624414,Recommended,261640,34282125,Posted: 16 August,all,James Howlette,"Pros:-More Borderlands: The gameplay, atmosphere, and loot hunting goodness is pretty much identical to Borderlands 2, may or may not have come from laziness on the dev's part, but I loved BL2 so much I don't really care.-Great New Playable Characters: The new ""Vault Hunters"" are fantastic and the addition of voice lines in response to NPC's dialog makes each of them feel much more unique, alive, and involved in the story than the playable characters in BL2 did.-Creative skill trees: One of my favorite skill trees in BL2 was the siren's ""harmony"" tree, which was geared towards supporting your friends in co-op play. Most (if not all) of the playable characters in The Pre-Sequel have similar skill tree options that allow you to synergize with allies in co-op.Cons:-Weak Story: I started to type up an in depth summary of this point, but it ended up being a 3 paragraph rant, so here's a brief summary instead: The main story of the game is filled with plot holes, contrived conflicts, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ portrayals of beloved characters, and uninteresting and abnoxious new characters. It reminds me a lot of the prequels to another popular sci-fi franchise...-The Oxygen Mechanics: The double jumps are cool. The glides are cool. The ""butt slams"" are fantastic. But the fact that you constantly have to run around refilling your oxygen is annoying as hell. It's one of those terrible mechanics that doesn't make the game any more difficult (you only lose like 1% of your HP per second when you're out of O2), it just slows it down and makes it more tedious.-Boring Locations: This is one that really killed the game for me. Some of the locations in BL2: Frozen Tundra, Deserts, Highlands, Volcanos. There was actually some interesting stuff going on there. Compare that to the locations in The Pre-Sequel: empty grey-blue expanse of moon, empty grey-blue expanse of moon with some lava, empty grey-blue expanse of moon with some glowing purple eridian stuff. I never realized I cared about the background in which I shot psychos in the face, but after about 8 zones that are slight variations of ""abandoned factory on the moon"", saying it gets a bit monotonous is an understatment.This is one of those games where Steam's whole ""yes or no"" system of reviewing doesn't really work. Overall I'd say it's unfortunately one of the worst games in the Borderlands series, but is still worth playing. If you haven't played Borderlands 2, thenwhat the hell is wrong with yougo buy that instead. If you're a fan of the Borderlands series and want more baddies to shoot and guns to loot, it's worth picking this up on sale."
,Recommended,261640,21918011,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Butters,"100% recommend. If you are a fan of the series, this is a very worthy addition and thoroughly worth a play. The story was funny, the DLCs were great, and the characters were fun and creative."
,Recommended,261640,14604462,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,little kitty,"Would recomend, the campaign is a lot shorter than borderlands 2, though theres still plenty to come I'm sure. Much more specialized character lines and side quests."
76561198076665592,Recommended,261640,18866512,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jisoo (지수),"It's a pretty decent game, but it would've been better if it was a dlc for Borderlands 2 instead.I would recommend buying it when it's on sale. Don't waste your money on it when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,261640,13144000,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Countyzz. III,If you really love Borderlands 2 don't buy this. Borderlands 2 way better than this series.however as long as moxxi is there gonna thumbs up for reasons.
76561198106939391,Recommended,261640,32826424,Posted: 26 June,all,MrShadowseer,"Yes, the game may not reach the same level of greatness as Borderlands 2, but it's not a bad game. Quite the opposite. The Pre-Sequel couldn't, and shouldn't, have been the same game as BL2. Lasers, cryo, low gravity, looming space atmosphere, disturbing music.. all great! The story is awesome, probably better than BL2's story. However, the lack of endgame is really bothersome and yes, many weapons were unfortunately recycled from the previous game. Hmm, and maybe too much Australia (nobody likes Pickle)? Despite the negatives, you should really try the P-S. Just don't expect BL2. Expect cold crawling laser death in space.In short, Borderlands The Pre-Sequel is a great game. 9/10."
76561198108906366,Recommended,261640,18530208,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Crown of David,Well its not borderlands 2 and thats not a bad thing its a good game if anyone is thinking of picking this up wait for a sell or get borderlands 2+ Fun gameplay feels fresh compare to borderlands 2+New loot and weapons+New vault hunters- Servers seem broken at times- How can 2k mess up a game Gearbox pretty much made for them and some how did- Reused quests- No more DLC- Not even GearBox is supporting this game anymore and they love taking our moneyFinal thoughts if you want more Borderlands buy this on sell or buy borderlands 2 much better game
,Recommended,261640,19483058,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,hailrin,"I heard from a lot of people that Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel isn't as good as the first or second Borderlands games, but honestly I'm finding that's not true at all. This game is just as good as the previous two. The class are fun, the story is engaging, and the weapons are just as great. It works nearly identically to Borderlands 2 as far as gameplay goes, with the exception of the additional oxygen feature.I thought at first that the oxygen feature would be tedious, but it's honestly not that big of an issue. There's no micromanaging involved, and oxygen areas are easy to come by. The butt bounce it provides is tons of fun, especially with an elemental Oz kit, and the option of much-quicker resurrection of teammates using your oxygen supply is invaluable in a team setting.There were only a few things I found wrong with the game. The soundtrack isn't nearly as good as the previous titles' soundtracks. Though I haven't yet finished the game, there doesn't seem to be as wide as range of areas to explore, especially compared to Borderlands 2 and its DLCs, but the story is interesting enough to make up for that for me. It's interesting to see the character development that Jack goes through on his descent toward Handsome Jack. The addition of Cryo-- or ice elemental-- weapons is fantastic as well, especially when pared with the DLC Aurelia Hammerlock class, which has a whole skill trees devoted to Cryo damage.Overall, if you loved the previous Borderlands games, this one is a great addition to your collection. Don't pass it up, especially if you can snag it during a sale."
,Recommended,261640,19538075,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,anjokid,"Pre-Sequel: Granted, not as good as BL2 but still pretty damn amazing! I feel like it didn't keep to the technology of the time which was a bit of a downfall for me. Missions and campaign strong and even the DLC is fantastic!"
,Recommended,261640,19125074,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,AlanoX,So Good.
,Not Recommended,261640,13479537,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zanny,"Pros: Interesting story to see what happened in between BL1 AND BL2You can play as claptrapYou can double jumpCons: Feels like a dlc for BL2Developers were very lazy with bosses and many other thingsLacks the humour and dumb jokes that BL2 hadLaser guns arent that greatAside from the laser guns they didnt really change/add any of the weapons, they just renamed the manufacturerIts basically a dlc for BL2, not really worth the money, if you can get it for less than $35 go for it. It doesnt really feel like a new game, and they were very lazy in making this game, they reused many things from BL2.It's basically BL2 in space with new characters."
,Not Recommended,261640,12696941,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CJRedemption,"While the core mechanics are the same as Borderlands 2, the main features that set it apart from the 2nd feel poorly implemented and become annoying. Combined with extremely poor level design and far too many glitches, whether they're fixed in later patches I do not know, I cannot say this is a better game, nor an improvement anywhere to be honest. I can't even say I want to do a second play through as the first is not very enjoyable beyond the story, which is a borderlands story. That's really all it has going for it."
,Recommended,261640,30949029,Posted: 4 April,all,Dang,"It is not as good as Borderlands 2. There isn't a variety of locations, the writing is weaker (but it is still good and has quite a few decent jokes) and the main story is not as interesting. The game is still fun nonetheless. The new classes are really good, zero gravity is a nice mechanic and beam weapons are an interesting addition.. You should think of it as a decent expansion pack and not as a new game. That's why if you are thinking about buying it you should wait for a sale because it isn't worth the price of a new game."
,Recommended,261640,16428878,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,women-tiger<thai [$5 long luv],I just stood there and raving to DJ Boom & DJ Rang music ...
76561198100053003,Recommended,261640,20019325,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Boshuda,"Don't let the haters worry you.  If you like the series, come on in, the water is fine.I think this game is great!  This series was always a casual one.  People need to get over themselves.  The jokes arent bad.  no worse than the other ones in the series.  Nice guns.  I am not sure what people are talking about with the revive thing, seems to work the same as it did before.  It's more borderlands! What's not to like?And people who say the devs are greedy should check out mechwarrior for some perspective.  Nuff said."
,Recommended,261640,22090777,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Laz0,"When I first saw this game, I wasn't sure if it would be good. It looked like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ copy of Borderlands 2, just with lazers and less gravity. And, luckily, I WAS WRONG.STORY (no spoilers)In this game you discover what happened before Borderlands 2, but after Borderlands 1. The reason I put the sentence that way is because it is way more connected to Borderlands 2. You discover how Handsome Jack turned from a low-level guy to a leader. You will see some familiar faces while you do it.GAMEPLAYJust like with previous games, this is a Role-Playing Shooter. So, you can choose which character you want, which skills your character will have, and which swella items will your character use.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE]This game, just like BL2 and BL1 uses cel-shading. It's a specifc graphic style that makes everything look cartoon-ish. Not in a bad way, though. It performs really well, even on my old♥♥♥♥♥2007 PC (and my gtx 960 pc)CONCLUSIONAny Borderlands fan needs to get this game. If you haven't played Borderlands before, I recommend you play BL1 and BL2 first. If not, then just BL2."
76561198089734033,Recommended,261640,12768805,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gasmaskag,"Borderlands is BorderlandsIgnore the ones saying it is like a DLC bla bla bla, it still has the same good old humour and borderlands feel. The characters feel well made up and so does the story line, I mean who doesnt want to role with Handsome Jack one of the best characters. If you like Borderlands buy the game and have endless hours of fun with no gravity, laser guns and four new interesting and unique characters. You play through one character to get the feel and then you move onto the next and then the next. I would imagine the DLC will be just as good as the old ones aswell.A must buy for Borderlands fans."
76561197970465924,Recommended,261640,26055687,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Core2029,It's worth the cost on sale so I recommend that.I found the whole experience overly Aussie and cringeworthy on too many occasions.  The writing is the worst...
76561197998770347,Recommended,261640,26409874,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Glaice,"If you enjoyed the other games in the series, I'd highly recommend this one. Even if you haven't played the others, it's a great RPG-type first person shooter.Pros:Awesome world designArt style is very uniqueGreat diversity of playstylesRandomly generated weaponsCons:O2 system doesn't add much to the series except for a nuisanceTons of fetch-quest shenanigansOverall: 8/10"
,Recommended,261640,16400474,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Scrumpy Lamb,"Pre-Sequel definitely follows the Borderlands Franchise in a good and meaningful way. The story telling is slower pace, yet it retains all of it's comedic aspects. The combat is still fluid and the loot system has gotten even better. I think the only downfall of this game, is that the atmosphere seems slightly repetitive, other than that I believe that this game almost lives up to how great borderlands 2 was."
,Recommended,261640,22269493,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kodi_Prochorov,"He's such a lovely robot! He's such a tip top bloke and if it weren't for clap trap your life would be a joke!He's such a lovely robot! He's such a tip top bloke and if it weren't for clap trap our life would be a joke!They all shout his name when he rolls into town! Hooray! Here comes clap trap can't keep up your frown!He wouldn't hurt your mom or dad! Won't hurt you or me! The mention of his very name fills us all with glee!Its clappy! We're happy, its clappy! Yaaaaaaay!"
,Not Recommended,261640,12935817,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,jmomo,"Borderlands TPS (The Pre Sequel) isn't a bad game, but it fails at making a compelling value proposition, being unable to justify it's expensive $60 price tag.In my review below, I spend most of my time complaining, and I've given this title a thumbs-down/Not Recommended. That being said, it's still a fun game, and I like the borderland series. It's just an issue of price. This isn't a $60 game, it's a $30 or $40 game. And, until the price comes down, I don't recommend my friends buying this title unless they have plenty of disposable income.TPS is based off of the BL2 code and asset base. The graphics and menu systems are just like BL2. I consider this a positive, as the BL2 engine and game was solid. Not broke, don't fix. Gearbox/2K should have been able to take all of the experience and improvements made to BL2 over that time and apply it directly to TPS. The result should have been an extremely solid game with good graphics and technical capabilities.Unfortunately, it was a different studio (2K AU) who produced this game, and thus much of that learned wisdom was lost.On launch day, BL2 was a solid game with very few issues. The QA process was great and the result was a solid launch day game.Unfortunately, TPS QA was noticably weaker. On day-1, TPS was crashing, corrupting player saves, and there were tons of game-breaking bugs.Even two months after launch, TPS is still crashing, corrupting saves, and some serious bugs have not been addressed. Players (including myself) are running into story progression bugs that break the game. Some issues have been fixed, but many remain, and the scope of problems is so significant that I don't think they will ever be fixed.I've had my own game crash more than I can count (at least 30), while BL2 may have crashed twice in the entire 1000 hours I put into it. Progression bugs, enimies get stuck behind wall/floors/ceilings, player arms get stuck in weird positions, walking near stingrays causes wildly violent clipping, and I fearfully back up my game saves after the number of threads I've read about people having their files corrupted.TPS should have been *better* than BL2 on launch day, not worse.When it comes to level design, there's some good and some bad. The entire Helios station levels are excellent, especially the launching area, which is gloriously loud with it's constant laser fire and cannon launches. Tycho's Ribs and beyond is truely our first real vault with an actual vault, and it is as strange and alien as it should be. On the other hand, the first 2/3rds of the game has a number of issues, including level 3 players being able to find a level 30 Iwajira, a rediculously difficult Deadlift as a level 5 boss and his homing shock orbs of death and desire to ride the same two jump pads back and forth repeatedly, the unjumpable chasms of death, and more.The moon itself is somewhat barren and open, leaving some players to critisize this fact, but I don't see how that's avoidable. These levels look visually stunning and the backgrounds are beatiful, but I agree that something does feel empty about them. I attribute this to the rather non-compelling storytelling and missions during this early period of the game.For those of us who pre-ordered and were supposed to have been blessed with that awesome Abandoned Training Facility, you might be wondering just where it is? Yea, they hid it in some place half way through the game where you probably won't find it except by accident, and it mostly sucks so don't bother. It's nowhere near as good as Fink's Slaughterhouse or the Ore Chasm was. Oh, and there are no other arena areas like Fink's Slaughterhouse or the Ore Chasm in TPS at all.The most significant level design problem, however, is the lack of it. TPS is much shorter than either BL or BL2, and this is ultimately what turned me to give this title a thumbs down. We, the TPS players, paid a lot of money for a lot less game. There are fewer areas, and those areas are generally smaller or more barren. It seems like there are fewer enemies, fewer types of enemies, and overall less content. Remember that most of what makes up TPS came from BL2; they had tons of content like items and props to start with, and yet they didn't add that much to it.By the time I got to what felt like was half way through the game, I was actually near the end.The lack of levels and areas in TPS also leads to another significant problem, which is that the difficulty ramp is too steep, and in several areas players are likely to run into a progress wall where they are suddently fighting enemies which are dramatically more difficult. In all three of the Borderlands games, the first playthrough goes from level 1 to 30, and then the second playthrough from level 30 to 50. This gives you 30 levels to play through on the first go-around, and then only 20 on the second. But since there is less content and areas in TPS, the ramp-up for new enemies in new areas is less gradual. The result is that after you finish the Lunar Launching Station in playthrough 2 with enemies around level 42-43 (and lots of cover), you go to Vorago Solitude and immediately have to deal with level 46-47 enemies (with very little cover). The result is that you die a whole lot, and it's very frustrating.The four new playable characters each offer new gameplay style opportunities which I enjoy. Each has a different set of skills and when combined with different equipment lends to different enjoyable play styles.Nisha, Wilhelm, Athena, and Claptrap are all fun to play and have some great skills which lead to interesting and fun play style. They did a pretty good job here of learning from the previous vault hunter skills and then giving us new skills.Speaking of the new playable characters, the dialogue Improvements made in TPS are awesome. No longer do you have nothing to say for the entire game. Each player has their own dialogue responces to different parts of the story, and to each of the other player characters playing with you. This makes a huge difference in the game, as playing each character actually tells a different story in regards to how they view the world around them. Now you don't just have to play each character for the enjoyment of learning their play/skill style, but because it tells a new story; their story.Laser weapons are awesome, ice weapons are awesome, the grinder is awesome, and low grav/slamming is awesome. Without these four features, TPS would just have been a really expensive BL2 DLC.A number of people have asked me if the lack of oxygen on the moon is a problem Fortunately, it's not. There are plenty of sources to get air, and you are probably never going to die due to lack of O2. I am very positive on how they implemented O2 usage in TPS.In summary:+They fixed the story+Dialogue Improvements+More legendaries in vending machines+The Grinder+Cryo/Ice elemental weapons+Laser weapons+O2 and butt slamming+It's basically BL2-High price, not worth $60-They f**ked up the story-Falcon Punch-Shorter game with less content-Huge difficulty ramp-ups-Fewer enemies-First half of game feels slow/boring-GAME SAVE FILE CORRUPTION-Lots of crashes-Lots of game-breaking critical bugs-Lots of other non- critical bugs-Unnecessary cameos of Tourge and Tiny Tina to prop up a boring plot-Gamergate references-More internet memes-Unable to farm bosses and special enemies-Removal of True Vault Hunter Mode and reduction in level cap from 72/61 to 50-Removal of loot midgets-Deadlift's homing shock orbs are OP"
76561197976939633,Not Recommended,261640,12485341,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MadMonkey,"Borderlands: 2 with Low Gravity, Glitches, Recycled Material and Boredom.Re-writing now that I've played more.First off, I'm a big Borderlands fan. It took me a half hour to get used to the look in the first game, and I've loved it ever since.Pre-Sequel is a ripoff as a full-price game; it should have been an expansion. Not only because of how short it is, but because of the absolute laziness put into its design. The lack of polish is immediately obvious, and laziness quickly becomes evident when you realize a lot of objects are just retextured bits from B2. I've even heard recycled sounds, as well, not to mention reused dialogue for the vending machines and such.The next thing that quickly becomes obvious is that the OZ mechanic is a complete gimmick; generally all it serves to do is pull you away from whatever tedious quest you're working on so you can rush off an find a few canisters, then trek back and complete whatever you were doing. Sometimes it's cool to shoot an oxygen helmet off of a bad guy and watch it damage his health, but generally it's much faster to just shoot them again instead of waiting for them to die.Low gravity had excellent potential, but the implementation is lacking. There's very little that makes actual use of it; most of the time it just ends up being a way of skipping over parts of a map, except when there's a half-a$$ed platforming section thrown in for no reason. But the biggest problem with the low gravity is that when you kill an enemy carrying a mission-critical object, YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHERE IT WILL GO. I had to restart just a few minutes into a mission because the stuff an enemy was carrying shot into the side of a mountain out of reach. That is dumb.Balance is definitely not as good as B2. Sometimes you'll find yourself painfully outgunned, to the point of frustration (especially in early stages). I don't know how much of my money was wasted on respawns that should not have happened; many of the enemies are far, FAR more powerful than they should be. On the other hand, sometimes you'll find a rifle that can kill a scav in one or two non-critical hits.Pickles makes me want to stab my ears out. And it's particularly jarring to hear a Cockney Brit amongst all the Australians... seriously, why is everyone on Elpis Australian? There are PLENTY of non-Aussie voice actors in Australia! DON'T BE LAZY!!!I'm not homophobic. I believe in freedom. I think homosexuals should be free to marry who they want. But are there ANY non-gay couples in this game??? Seems like every other person has a same-sex partner. Maybe it's something in the OZ...Level design is alright but not very imaginative, and most areas feel tight and constricted, which makes the overpowered enemies even tougher. More problematic is that some of the levels are PAINFULLY long and not very well designed for future side missions, I.E. you'll have to run for an hour killing low-level enemies to make to an objective. It's frustrating and boring.Hitbox glitches are probably the most annoying problem of the game so far. I've run into many instances where I'll fire a full mag at someone without hitting them, at point blank range... then move a couple of feet to the side and start hitting them. It sucks.Driving is awful, but that's to be expected (one of the weak points of all the games). The worst part is that a lot of jumps are not actually possible unless you hit absolutely PERFECTLY, which is frustrating when you're just trying to relax and enjoy yourself.WHY DO I NOT AUTOMATICALLY PICK UP ALL AMMO AND MONEY AND WHY DO I HAVE TO MANUALLY PICK UP MOONSTONES?? Also, be careful opening chests... you might do what I did, not pay attention and spend 40 moonstone to open a chest full of WORTHLESS ""loot"" when I could have spent it on storage upgrades.These are not all my complaints. But I'm bored of writing about it; that's how dull this game is.Final word: Don't both playing this padded, dragging, dull, boring, buggy excuse for Borderlands."
,Recommended,261640,22884337,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,wardy2424,"I've seen a lot of people saying that this game isn't worth the price tag, but that isn't necessarily true. It is essentially a really big dlc for Borderlands 2. If you are a fan of the series, without a doubt you will enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,261640,14079923,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AlphaFirehawk,"Don't get me wrong, I love the Borderlands series. This game, in my opinion, was vastly inferior to Borderlands 2. I have over four times the amount of hours on Borderlands 2 than I do Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal.ConsReasonsStoryStory didn't feel as in-depth as Borderlands 2. It felt like a backstory, that didn't need to be a full game, maybe a DLC at most.HumorThe vast amount of humor that you found in BL2, one of the main reasons for that game being so great, is just not found in this game in the quantities previously mentioned.Bosses/EnemiesSome of the enemies are non-respawnable, and other bosses, be it mini-boss or not, just don't seem as rushed additions with no real purpose (I'm looking at you RK5)ProsReasonsGameplay (Guns)The new features, cryo weapons & laser weapons, may not completely change the way combat feels, but it brings new options to the table.Gameplay (Environment)The zero-gravity environment also changes the way people will play, doing ""butt slams"" and such, with core gameplay still there.CosmeticsWhile in the vast range of moon and space, I genuinely felt in awe of the art style I fell in love with, yet again seeing the new areas.Overall VerdictThis game shouldn't have been a full $60 game. Maybe $40-50 at most. I think the main reason it wasn't up to par was that, plainly put, it wasn't a needed story. As I previously mentioned, it felt like this game was just a backstory that should've been a DLC. My score for this game?5/10"
,Recommended,261640,24505094,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,rekkid maker,borderlands 2 > borderlands the pee-sequel.proof: badasscrater of badassitude.
,Not Recommended,261640,17420057,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"This is the biggest disappointment in my gaming experience. BL and BL2 are among of my all time favourite games, so I was expecting a lot from the third game. But it's really just a boring compilation of random fetch quests with poor storyline, mediocre humour, annoying combats and weak weapons.Sure jump pads and zero gravity is cool for the first 10 minutes, but it gets tedious soon. The maze maps with vast distances of nothingness and low quality textures, almost instant enemy respawns and circling back and forth between different way points in order to press a button or deliver a thing... it's not my picture of Borderlands fun.Even without comparing TPS to other two parts, this is a very boring game. I'd rather play Tetris than this crap.Definitely not worth the full prize, not even with 90% discount.My overall rating: 4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,12865968,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Moonman,"Overall I found the game supprisingly short, the enemy variety lacking and the story incredibly sub-par to the rest of the serise.As somebody who really enjoyed borderlands one and two, this game is a giant let down, if steam could do refunds, I'd be a happy person.I played through it once and have no desire to replay on a higher dificulty, much less another character."
,Recommended,261640,13623505,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ulfhednar,"The first week of playing this game I had 90 hours played total so I enjoyed it for what it was but it's not a properly worthy sequel to Borderlands 2. I know that Gearbox wanted to make this as a filler game to fill in gaps and questions fans had about the events that lead up to Handsome Jack's takeover of Hyperion, especially for people who've played both Borderlands 1 and 2, and it shows. This is just here to hold you over until Borderlands 3 comes out.Some people complain that this is just Borderlands 2 in space and they're essentially right. However, I don't see that as a negative thing since I loved Borderlands 2 (I have approx. 400 hours into that game). I expected it to be nothing else actually. It's a Borderlands game. It should look like a Borderlands game and it should play like a Borderlands game, and it pulls that off perfectly. When you go back to BL2 after playing this game you actually realize how much you miss the butt slams and the Oz kit boost ability.Now, the main problem I had with this game is that it felt way too short in comparison to BL2, especially for a game priced as a triple-A full length title. The main quest line felt too lackluster. Again, it's good for what it is but it wasn't worth €50. If it had been priced at €35-40 I could see it being a more resonable price for this game.Another thing I didn't like about this game was that there was WAY too much dialogue where it didn't need any. I'm gonna quote TotalBicuit here and say that ""it's the game that likes to hear itself talk"". It can become a bit annoying here and there and the plot points they're trying to get across to the player could either be left out completely or just be explained in a much simpler manner that didn't need 2 minutes of NPC dialogue.All in all it's a good game with minor flaws and I recommend you buy this when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,261640,12847493,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Laz,"MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT.  Its the most expensive DLC on steam.  This is not a complete release.  To get the entire game, you going to have to not only pay for the base game, but also the year long subscription.The austrailian content is amazingly boring and very poorly written.  I had some pretty big expectations for this game and was totally and completely disappointed.The game was rushed out the door, premiumly priced and totally unbalanced from level 45-50.  Its a beta.Just check out youtube, the major publishers of Borderlands videos have actually gone back the BL2 now, thats how little content their is in this game.Classic bait and switch, I think ~$90 US is a completely ludicrous and exploitive price."
76561197970663919,Not Recommended,261640,31361480,Posted: 25 April,all,RasterOps,"So many reviews and so many positive. I honestly doubt this will even be read. I would rather have a 1-5 rating system than a black and white yes/no. As of this writing the approval rate is 80% and in my opinion, the game doesn't deserve that. So I'm going to say no. Here's why.Voice Acting: BadStory Development: Very BadUI and Engine Basics: Same old same oldVoice ActingExcept for the playable characters the voice acting was notably inferior to BL1 and BL2. It lacked motivation, inspiration, emotion and believability. I felt as if the voice actor asked the producer ""what is my motivation?"", and there was either no producer or the producer didn't know or didn't care. I'm sure the actors are skilled but a clueless actor results in mediocre acting.Making a dialog comment about not being able to understand the Aussie accent and dumbing it down ya'll, was clearly targeting the American market and annoying. It wasn't funny. I understand the dialog just fine. It is however, difficult to followanydialog of speed-talkers, which occurred once.Story DevelopmentI did appreciate the how the BL1 vault hunters inserted dialog into the story as it developed. That being said...2K Australia's design for this game focused on high spawn rates and repetitive mobs over story development. The story became progressively confusing and disjointed, senseless. It is incredibly disappointing and lacking. If you want to witness what happened to Jack that made him the psychopath that he was in BL2 then you will be disappointed as well. Evidently all you have to do is lie to him, end of story.Jack is surprisingly capable of taking care of himself. He never acted like a code-monkey. He was rarely timid. There was no story development as to what he was doing on the station or why Hyperion was even building it. The few details regarding this in BL2 were not elaborated upon in the Pre-Sequel.So Angel has already helped her father Jack to mislead the original vault hunters. But to what extent is he abusing/manipulating her now, if at all, is not covered. She plays only an investigative role for the vault hunter character back-story as in BL2.I was shocked to see Roland and Lilith in the Hyperion space station. This might have worked if Jack's character was better developed. There was norealmotivation (no story) for these two to turn on Jack in this story.There is one late-game instance where Moxxi apologizes for sabotaging the Eye of Helios saying she knows Jack is a psychopath. Was Jack sleep-talking while they were dating (no longer in this story)? How does she know this and how was she apparently able to convince Roland and Lilith? Not that they did anything. Prior to this the only psychotic thing Jack did was space a small group of scientists. And there was no reason for Jack doing this, as his character development hadn't even been properly progressed to the point where he would. Unless again, the entire premise for his breakdown is because people lie to him...So Moxxi sabotaged Jack's precious laser. Roland and Lilith did nothing but assist Jack. Except in the final scene where Lilith...smashes a Vault Interface symbol into Jacks face, scarring and partially blinding Jack.So if Jack is mad at anyone it should be Moxxi... at least according to the 2K Australia story.UI and EngineThere is no way to replay dialogThe devs trigger enemies and dialog at the same time. Often making it difficult or impossible to hear the dialog.The spawn rate is annoying. Annoying doss not equate to fun.Still get stuck trying to walk or drive over rocks/pebbles or steps that wouldn't stop an infant.ConclusionThe game is fun but not worth paying the full price. I enjoyed the insight into the new vault hunters, as these are characters that the BL2 vault hunters will encounter. I didn't care for Nisha and Wilhelm (didn't play Claptrap). And while I could relate to Athena, I do not feel any desire to replay the Pre-Sequel for any character, even in True Vault Hunter mode.Don't buy this game for the story. Don't expect any fan recommended engine improvements to be addressed."
76561197980989304,Recommended,261640,13148876,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,5x5,"Lets see where can i start, i love all borderlands series, and this one is no exception, everyone is complaining about how short the game is, but lets be serious, you get hundreds of hours of game time just in the vanilla version of the game, so why are people so upset, how many games do you have in your library that didnt yeld the same ammount of hours, basically people are just spoiled from bl2 and all its dlc, they probably picked up the goty edition and expect this one to bring the same, yes the endgame content is lacking, but lets see, remove the borderlands title and pretend its not the same franchise, the ammount of hrs you get from playing this game will far surpass any other game, people complain they beat the game in 8hrs, im sorry, but no you didnt, you did not complete all the missions, you did not farm for weapons and you did not play a 2nd playthrough much less all characters because if you did you would be sitting at over 200 hrs of game time, this game has the same potential as bl2, i enjoy this vanilla version more than i did bl2 vanilla, so when all the dlc comes out i can see this game shine. 10/10"
,Recommended,261640,13517137,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jolyne,"The prequel to the sequel of the sequel. So good.Love it, cannot recommend a game more. This is the best game ever."
39092389083080432,Recommended,261640,15590558,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nick,Totally Recomend it if you have friends to play it :D
,Recommended,261640,12485925,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"BL2 with low gravity and more character self mutterings :D They decreased the drops in BL2, with the rares going waaaay down. Now the drops in BLtPS they are almost nonexistant. 3247billion guns in the game doesn't matter if you see the same 10-20 over and over again in 2-3 different levels with 2-3 different variations. With these ""more guns"" you don't get more inventory space either, defeating the purpose. Also, no good farming places? Concordia sure doesn't have them, atleast BL1 and 2 did. So no good farming spots as of yet. The one I did find was ""above my strength level"" lets say. Awesome, but disappointing. 7/10I keep adding because things keep♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. There's alot of ""death ledges"" and open spaces. Which sucks since all your loot seems to fall off there.I have changed from Not Recommended to Recommend ON SALE. More glitches were patched its now not based on glitches but gameplay.Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2014/10/28/review-borderlands-the-pre-sequel-prepatch-review/"
76561198006443044,Recommended,261640,14471142,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,GuzzlA,"good game, but no where near as good as bl2.   enjoyable but expected much more. so far weak dlc."
,Recommended,261640,12999892,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Courtesy,"While I feel Borderlands 2 will still stand as the best game in the Borderlands franchise, this is a solid entry into the series. The story is extremely well written and you get to see an entirely different side of the infamous handsome jack, including his turn to 'evil' and the betrayal that started it all. Highly suggest if you are a fan of the series."
,Recommended,261640,13089201,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,TharCoser12,if you like the first one and borderlands 2....... well..... you won't be disappointed.This game is a lot of fun for sure.... just like Borderlands 2I really recommend it to you guysand i don't know why... but i love being claptrap. he's so funny9/10 for me
,Recommended,261640,14973972,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,saem,"If you like the borderlands series before this then you'll most likely enjoy the crap outta this. Though the gameplay is a bit more intricate and sometime erradic, it is over all a great game that is well worth the price. The characters are made to rely on each other. With Athena as the defensive tank, Wilhelm the assaulter, Nisha as the pain bringer and Clap Trap as what is supposed to be the support class though a lot of players hate claptrap. Over all a 8.5/10 from me."
76561197982966727,Recommended,261640,14951630,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,«Ģ4Ł»™ Hobbes,Much more fun than I expected. While it keeps all the fun aspects of the original and the second borderlands it introduces enough new to make it fun and interesting.
76561198101954436,Recommended,261640,21007200,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NinjaPuppy,"The title of the name is both humorous and well fitted for this game. A series that place between the first and second Borderlands game to get more of the story on how things really happen during the rise of Handsome Jack and whole lot more. I'm intruiged just about everything about about this game and one can't ask for anything more!The upgrade of crafting your own weapons is pretty simple and not so very complex especially when you're getting legendaries so there isn't much to say about that. Laser guns = <3. But EXPLOSIONS!!!!!!!!!!!! still = <3.The story is still funny, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, and still very funny! It seem less longer than Borderlands 2.The Claptastic Voyage was the icing on the cake and....not gonna ruin this, get the game!Okay, I rather keep this review short, the game is just fantastic and really worth getting."
,Recommended,261640,23577719,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,The Doctor,"R.I.P. my wallet, bought first part to see what is this and ended buying all.."
76561198132918897,Recommended,261640,14538885,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Byakko ✪,"Honestly, one of the most enjoyable games i've played. I played it with my friend so it was easier for me to complete, some how they manage to make every borderlands game better every time in my opinion but the game is abit on the short side."
,Recommended,261640,13968021,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,WolfRayet104,"An insight into when Australia inevitably takes over the moon and bring their ♥♥♥♥ed up insects and other creatures with them.10/10, would sell 300 Dota 2 items to pay for it again."
,Recommended,261640,13905303,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,I Am Lobstronomous,"Lots of fun, play with at least one other person. Leveling up is pretty fast, cash flows like water. Just don't die in the lava too often."
,Recommended,261640,33158936,Posted: 2 July,all,xRAzorxDicex,"lazers , explosions, endless comedy, new physics, shiny things, pretty scenes, new gear. its borderlands foo, what do u expect? lol just buy already you loser!!"
,Recommended,261640,13770000,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hazkiller,"Overall it's not as good as Borderlands 2 but it's still a great game. The end game is lacking at the moment but once all the dlc is out and the unfarmable bosses issue is sorted then the end game will be much better.Pros:+ Good Story+ Nice gameplay+ Laser weapons+ Interesting characters, my favourites are Wilhelm and Jack.+ O2 kits replace relics+ Better UVHM modeCons- Not much end game at the moment, hopefully it will be fixed in the dlc or future updates.- holodome isn't great as it didn't fix the unfarmable bosses issue and is too big for the amount of enemies that appear."
76561198027856421,Not Recommended,261640,13478739,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Marc B,"The core game is ""ok"". Other than the low grav, O2, and butt-slamming. it's basically just BL2 in a new setting. The DLC, on the other hand, have so far been utterly underwhelming and a total waste of money."
76561197998035151,Recommended,261640,32936946,Posted: 28 June,all,Fruity043,"I would recomment this game because I love Borderlands story and want to find out what happens next or between.The game play, quest and story are not as entertaning as Borderlands 2 but still a good game."
,Recommended,261640,33086549,Posted: 1 July,all,Maycne Sonahoz,"The continuation of Borderlands 2, but before that one.Not as long nor as fun, but with polished characters, including the playable ones. Also now with lasers, low gravity and butt slams!"
76561198013026902,Recommended,261640,28013984,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Jaguar,"It's lots of fun.  Like the other games in the franchise, the characters in Pre-Sequel are hilarious -- lots of familiar faces here too.  And, of course, there's a ton of different guns and gear to be found.  I mean, it basically boils down to whether or not you like Borderlands.  If you enjoyed the first two games in the franchise, you'll probably like this too.  With The Pre-Sequel, they certainly didn't deviate from the formula (which is, coincidentally, what some people complain about with regards to this game.  It depends on one's point of view, I suppose).That being said, this is my least favorite of the three Borderlands games.  It not that this game is bad, because it's not.  It's quite good, in fact.  It's just not nearly AS GOOD as the other two.  Why?  Well, I didn't find the playable characters (or their skill trees) nearly as interesting, fun, quirky, or likeable as the characters in the first two Borderlands games.  And, to be honest, the low-g environment in Pre-Sequel isn't nearly as fun as it seems like it would be.  Oh, sure, it's a ball...at first.  But the novelty of it quickly wears off and it actually ended up being slightly annoying, in my opinion.To sum up: If you're a Borderlands fan and you can get this on sale, then I'd say go ahead and definitely buy it.  This game will probably give most fans what they want."
76561198163281213,Recommended,261640,32706446,Posted: 23 June,all,sploshdome,borderlands: the pre sequel is a very good game and adds more to the base game by taking space and a O2 system and the dlc's are great
76561197994882955,Recommended,261640,20931237,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AweHitero,"Ok, firstly.. whoever thought that adding low gravity into a game based on ""killing stuff to gather loot so you can kill stuff faster"" is a nice idea - should be fired from gaming industry.. or at least have his/her thoughts sorted into something more reliable.. there's nothing better to see some shiny orange piece flying away from you into open space.. GJ on that..Secondly, could probably adjust the models animations that's staying the same from, like, the 1st game already? (not even mentioning it looking silly and glitchy at times)Apart of that it's just ""the same BL game"". Said gravity and some new types of weapons added a little, but not as much for this game to stand out in the series in my opinion. Is it good? Is it worth it? It is, if you're looking for another shooter game to just go and pew-pew without much brains put into the process (which I prefer after a hard working day for instance). Or just to chill with your friends maybe. Can't call this a ""must-have"" but worth a try or two."
,Recommended,261640,12815340,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"Great, moon mechanics really fit with the gameplay of borderlands. This felt a little bit short though. It would probably be best to wait for the next edition with all DLC included, and on sale. Other than that character classes are better than they were."
,Recommended,261640,21188724,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mike.MAK | ZTM,A great ARPG shooter.
,Recommended,261640,15085161,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lukewarm Bong,"This is essentially a shorter, space-themed version of Borderlands 2. Taking place and tying-in the gap between the first and second game. A lot of people and things you'll recognize if you played the first two games. It plays nearly identically to BL:2.... except now you can: Grind sh*tty weapons into (hopefully) better ones, ride around in the 'Stingray' (cool little new vehicle), Butt-slam people as you hop around in Zero-G (pretty fun) and shoot laser weapons (also pretty fun). Not any revolutionary changes really, but it's more than just Borderlands 2 with a moon-themed skin slapped on like a lot of people imply. Just about everyone is Australian too... Yay?All in all, If you enjoy the Borderlands universe I'd say this is worth looking into. It's a lot shorter than the first two games, so I'd wait for a sale if you do buy it. Unless you're a huge Borderlands fan... or you are feeling overburdened with money ;)"
76561198079589810,Recommended,261640,20694267,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ben20Something,"Feels like a DLC for Borderlands 2. The oxygen and low gravity mechanics did not add enough of a ""new"" feeling. That being said, the story was done well, and really ties the events between Borderlands 1 and 2. Play this with a friend, and wait   don't play this directly after finishing Borderlands 2. 5/7 would play again."
,Recommended,261640,13595157,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Blubbury,"I have played through both borderlands 1 and 2 multiple times with all the characters. And while I still enjoyed this game, it wasn't nearly as good as borderlands 2. It gives you more backstory and helps deveop the characters we know and love; however, it falls short of the greatest of borderlands 2. It has the same mechanics as BL2 but with a smaller world. It is basically a huge DLC for BL2. There is no humorous villian, or exciting boss battles with various abilities. Granted, handsome Jack is in the game and the first few and last boss battles are interesting, and the low gravitiy makes everything pretty awesome but the game is somewhat dull. Most missions consist of: go there, fetch that, fix this, come back, oh it doesn't work so find another way to fix it. Anyway, I am a huge borderlands fan so despite everything I still loved the game and the crazy aussie accents. But if you're new, PLAY BORDERLANDS 2 FIRST. IT IS SO MUCH BETTER IN EVERY ASPECT AND ALL AROUND MORE ENJOYABLE. This game is rather fun, yet boring. It is best to play with friends. Furthermore, it is definitely not worth the $60 or even the $50 right now. I grabbed it while it was $30 and I believe anything $45 or below is worth it for this game. Overall, 8/10."
76561198080997445,Not Recommended,261640,13501352,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,the grand autismo,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.... pffh.  This game is disgusting, as player and lover of Borderlands and Borderlands 2 I believe that this game is another way to say ♥♥♥♥ you to the players.  2K Austrailia ♥♥♥♥ed this game up so bad I now hate austrailians.  The raid boss that was supposed to take the place of terramorphous(borderlands 2) and crawmerax(borderlands) was named Iwajira or something like that was easier than ♥♥♥♥ing boom and bewm in borderlands 2 and nine toes in borderlands.  This game was way to ♥♥♥♥ing easy, you finish the game at level 25????  WTF were they thinking??  The characters are extremely unbalanced except claptrap whos ♥♥♥♥ing stupidly under powered.  Honestly i spent $60 on this POS.  DONT BOTHER BUYING IT."
,Not Recommended,261640,13603414,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Spookicade,"I do not reccomend this game at $60 to anyone who has played Borderlands 2. It feels way to similair. The minor tweaks to gameplay help to distinguish this game from its predocessor but it feels like something you would get in a patch or something. The world looks a little bland and less breath taking than in BL2. It recycles a lot of things from the last game like textures, HUDs, general gameplay mechanics, level designs, and weapons. I found a lot of the new characters to be a lot less entertaining than the characters in Borderlands 2 like wise with the old cast that returns. The Borderlands humor the series is known for returns but in a much weaker form. The jokes are weak just like most of the dialougue in the game. With that said the game isn't all bad. The previously mentioned gameplay tweaks though small are missed when I play BL2 and the new classes are lot of fun with their new special abilities. I guess if you wanted to describe this game in one word that word would be rushed. It feels way to similair to Bordlerands 2. I think this could've been a better game if the development cycle was a bit longer and more attention was put into the overall look of the game and the writing. This still can be a good game if more time was spent making patches to improve it as opposed to DLCs to milk the fans. I bought this on sale for $30 and I guess that may have been worth it but I wouldn't pick it up for any more money than $30 if you own Borderlands 2. This game earns a 6.5/10 in my book."
,Recommended,261640,14731150,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Red,Great Game would play again 10/10
,Recommended,261640,14737534,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Enrick,Good.
76561198004558343,Not Recommended,261640,13722558,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Exposed_Entrepreneur,"I have never. EVER. Been more dissappointed in a sequel. This is the laziest, cashgrabbing, mess of a game I have in my library. I think I can safely say I'm never buying a game from 2k australia again. If this wasn't made in part by gearbox I would call them thieves as well as lazy. Borderlands 2 was a wonderful sequal. It had new everything. UI, weapon designs, weapon sound effects (a big thing for me), hud, brand names, level designs and best of all nearly every enemy character is voiced by an entirely new cast, who just so happen to be the same voice actors that did DBZ. I lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I heard Mr Satans voice for the first time (mr torgue). Lost it even harder when he announced he was holding a tournament. This game has none of that. The moon environments are all white and bland, the hyperion city is Opportunity stuck in permanant dusk, the extremely hyped laser weapons are almost always worse than conventional bullets and to top it all off the most prominantly advertized feature: the ""huge"" amount of your characters ingame dialog is almost nonexistant. If your lucky you might get a voice clip once per mission and that gets rarer and rarer as the game goes on. Remember how the quotes your character makes whenever they get a crit kill would get annoying after a while? Well 2k aus seemed to look at this problem and say ""I know what would make this better: if the character said something stupid every single time they get a crit, that won't make headshots annoying at all!""Please dont get this game. The dlc is considered to be the worst in the series and is shamelessly promoted ingame. The season pass gets you access to something that was given away for free to the GOTY edition of BL2, there are only 7 different enemy types and 2 of them are just copied from BL2.Please, PLEASE, just save your money and buy borderlands 2, its so much better and has so much more to offer. Dont encourage this kind of lazy, bland, greedy game design.EDIT:  ""The game that killed its makers""2k aus is dead and everyone that bought the season pass has lost out on about 70% of the content they were promised. 2k australia is dead: no relocation to another city/ country, no giving its employees jobs in other departments, no refunds for the people who trusted in them to un♥♥♥♥ this horrid, lazy mess of a game. Its just stone cold dead. And now with the dissapointment that is Battleborn gearbox is looking kinda ♥♥♥♥ed. This might just go down as the beginning of the end for one of the most amazing game series I have ever played. 1 was good, 2 was amazing and now... now the dream has died. Borderlands 3 will either be an amazing comeback and start of a bright future for gearbox and shooters in general or the last gasp of a hillarious fish dying in a brown pond filled with dust and gravely voiced meatheads in hallways behind cover."
76561198081317802,Recommended,261640,28417917,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The boy wonder,good game at first but begins to repeat itself
,Not Recommended,261640,12511939,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Zeata,"-Edit after 6 total playthroughs, and Claptastic Voyage-Pick it up on sale, avoid the holodome DLC like the plague (unless you're desperate for a few lines of entertaining dialogue involving Axton and Gaige)Pros:Borderlands. In Space.It's fun to shoot thingsGravity slamsLasersSometimes entertainingTalkative charactersBest DLC. Ever. Better than Tiny Tina's from the 2ndWeapons that freeze peopleStoryline has one of the best gaming villains' rise to power (Handsome Jack)Glitch weapons are fun and look coolKilling people with fire is still entertainingMr. TorgueClaptrapCons:Weapons are almost exactly the same as the previous game (even legendaries)Most elemental weapons are only situationally usefulThe AI is lacklusterThere are only a few different enemies (bandits, melee bandits, heavy bandits, flying things with lasers, small flying things, bugs, and midgets)RNG sucks, I consider myself lucky to get a greenRepetitive environmentUnmemorable charactersAwkwardly placed slang, memes and 'vulgar' languageSub-par voice acting on several charactersGlitchy terrainInsta-kill pits everywhereLack of save pointsAn UNGODLY amount of runningAN UNGODLY AMOUNT OF BACKTRACKINGSimplistic missions (run here, something happens so you have to run over there to lower that bridge, then back across the zone, then back to the bridge)Several unlikable charactersStoryline is subparAtlas STILL just up and disapeared after the first game, where did all their badass guns go?"
,Not Recommended,261640,12691323,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,tifflette,"Changing my view on this game now... Far below is my old review... I've changed my view, due to the travesty of UVHM and the lack of good DLC. I am not complaining about UVHM being really hard, but the fact that it is insanely easy. Compared to BL2 UVHM, BL:TPS UVHM is baby mode. I am killing enemies with only 3 pulls of a trigger with a shock Torrent. Then, the enemies have horrible aiming, I'm standing right infront of Dahl soldiers and they miss just about every single shot! Get this game only if you wish to not have a challenge!OLD REVIEWBorderlands The Pre-Sequel... The latest installment of everyone's favourite loot and shoot series.However, it gets a lot of hate for being practically DLC for Borderlands 2. The hate it gets is not deserved, this is still an amazing game, aside from the fact that is the same stuff.Pros & Cons+ Butt Slamming and Oxygen is the best mechanic ever!!!+ Amazing Story+ Funny Writing+ NPCs now recognize you as a certain character, giving you different dialogue...+ Your characters do way more talking (probably a bad thing for Claptrap as he is annoying as)+ The new playerable charcters have interesting skills, branching away from the Commando, Assassin, Siren and Gunzerker sets.+ THE NEXT BORDERLANDS IS COMFIRMED!!!!+ References to thousands of other movies and games!+Nappykins Lunestalker, nuff' said.- Start is really slow- Oxygen drops are probably the most common drop... Please make Oz a little bit harder to get...- About 5 missions take place on Helios (Not included Watch Your Step as it has Zero-G) out of 12 missions in the game... On Helios, there is no zero-g D:... Making buttslams near to impossible to do...- I didn't like most of the Austrailians (Not being racist or anything), I just felt that their writing was poor and they weren't funny at all (I think Gladstone was the only funny one, just by a wee' bit)Borderlands The Pre-Sequel is a must get game, however I'd reccomend playing through Borderlands 2 first as it certainly helps you understand what is going on. If you loved Borderlands 2, then you will certainly love this new entry into the series"
,Recommended,261640,28052037,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gottkanzler Schulz,Quest 3 completed
,Recommended,261640,14990661,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,[Ynot] SyK0T1C,"After playing the game for a bit, here's what I think:Pros:+ Good graphics+ Game adjusts the settings depending on your computer+ Smoother gameplay/port than Borderlands 2+ FINALLY FIXED HEALTH/SHEILD SYSTEM (FOR CRYING OUT LOUD)+ Claptrap has a ton of skills+ ZERO GRAVITY (ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWN!!)+ Trading cards (Who doesnt want them??)+ THIS SH*T IS ARGYLE AND SH*T+ Great and balanced guns+ Borderlands humor never gets old+ MR TORGUE IS BACK+ LASERS!!!!+ Cool Loot as alwaysCons:- Not much content in Season Pass this time- The Main menu, loading screen, and display module format is the same- According to everyone, basically a large expansion pack, therefore, the game is a bit overpriced- Once you buy the game, You will likely get more hijacker friend requests. I've gotten 5 the day after I bought the Season Pass bundle- For nearly all the loading screens, the game advertises to you to buy and download their DLC- Repetitive Side Quests- WHAT HAPPENED TO THE GORE????- Repetitive gameplay and meh story- Feels so bland for a Borderlands game. I see a lack of humor compared to the other games.Overall 7.8/10: Get this game when its more than 50% off. Even if the game was bought for $29.99 or if it was bought with the season pass for $40.50, still too overpriced."
,Recommended,261640,23176048,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Skypris,"This will be a simple review for people who already know the franchise but are on the fence about this game. Kidding, it is a little lenghty, but there is a TL\DR on the bottom as well as a part you can choose to skip literally right under this sentence, so read up! ^_^So, a little backstory. (You can skip to the next paragraph indicated by a space if you don't care to know where this opinion is coming from).First off, most of my playtime was on console, sorry.I bought Borderlands 1 about a month after release and thought it was heaven-sent. I couldn't have loved a video game more and I replayed the heck out of it.When the Doomsday trailer released for Borderlands 2, I am sure my happiness caused an earthquake on the other side of the world. I watched and rewatched and rewatched that trailer over and over and over again and I am sure I lost some friends simply by being annoying with wanting them to watch it with me while gushing over the IP. The game released and I disliked the first part in the snow, but once we went to find Roland, it was absolutely amazing after that. The story and characters blew away any and all expectations. I was again in love. That is until the end game where I realised everyone pretty much had the same gear, which I felt was a stark contrast to the first game (where blues and purples were always still viable), especially with the broken and unbalanced UVHM. I soon went back to the first borderlands. I say soon, but it was still several hundred hours later.When the Borderlands game released on mobile and that it was a strategy game too, I once again jumed for joy, and some country on the other side of the world was cursing me for cusing yet another earthquake. I quickly realised it was trash though, and disposed of it.Then Borderlands PreSequel was announced. The trailer made me feel it was trying to copy the hype Doomsday set but the premise seemed interesting enough. I got it day one with cautious optimism. Here'show I feel/felt...Borderlands the PreSequel does some interesting things, such as having alternate dialog for your New Game+ playthroughs, introducing the Cryo element (which I felt was soooooo much more fun and useful than the Slag element), double jumping and boot gliding and butt stomps, shattering frozen enemies, beautiful skyboxes, verticality, playable Cl4p-Tp (Claptrap) and just some overall freshness.However, the story is absolute garbage. Devs went on to say things like how you learn why Handsome Jack hates Claptrap units amongst other fun tidbits, but that's not there. Literally a claptrap dies and Jack is already like ""Sweet."" There's a couple other moments like that but none of it really builds up, he just hates Claptrap units from the get-go and we don't really see all that much of a transformation from jack. It is like all the dialog is simply the bare minimum there, as far as story stuff goes, that it needs to tick a checkbox. The end leaves some decent ideas though so it wasn't all bad, and the military AI part was actually okay too.The humor also isn't as good either. Maybe it is Australian humor (no offense) but I just didn't dig most of it. I like dry humor, I like sarcasm, sucky jokes, dirty jokes, and many other types, but I felt a large part of the humor was laid out in a way that wasn not funny. Take for example the Deadpool commercial where D says something like ""that guy has the right idea, he's wearing the brown pants."" If it was in the PreSequel, it would be ""Hey that guy is wearing brown pants, which is fitting because he might just poop himself"" *que pause to hear laughter, only to hear awkward silence*A lot of guns were copy-pasted from Borderlands 2, there was an even worse post-game (unless you enjoyed cryo as much as I did) and it overall just felt like a cash grab. A decent cash grab, but one that left that taste in my mouth regardless, slightly better than the cash grab a lot of people were thinking it would be especially since it was originally going to be DLC, but then was expanded into a full game.TL/DRAll of that said, even though I have some hate towards this game for how it was handled, I still find this game to be quite fun if you are a fan of the Borderlands series. I would maybe wait to get it for $15 or so and yes, the DLC characters are worth it. (I love Aurellia or however it is spelled)."
,Recommended,261640,13867918,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"Guns In Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace.Conquer the moon of the most obnoxious planet to ever exist with either a Cowgirl who probably gives oral to elderly men for crack, Some random chick who has such a♥♥♥♥♥♥shield that like it's not even real, it's just kinda a block of light or something idk, Robocop but with added human or The most godly being to even exist in the history of forever, Claptrap. What's that you say? Claptrap is annoying? Claptrap isn't effective? Get the actual ♥♥♥♥ out. Now.10/10 would stare at Moxxi's breasts again."
,Recommended,261640,33552453,Posted: 14 July,all,Clockwork Ultimate Peon,"I've played a ton of the original Borderlands, and a combined total of at least 200-300 hours on Borderlands 2 between console and PC....and this game is absolutely bittersweet in both the best and worst way. For every spark of genius, there's some sort of flaw to grime it up. This is a game that had so much potential, and you see this throughout the entire experience, but it is sadly held back by so many things. Circumstance, poor presentation, and just barely missing something great. I honestly don't know whether or not to recommend this or not. At the very least, grab it when it is on a massive sale and you are not quite sated with Borderlands 2.Pros-Interesting new theme. Very sci-fi, spacey, and coincidentally a breath of fresh air in a no-atmosphere environment (heh)-A lot of fun new features and ideas, such as laser weapons, the cryo element, a more vertical level design, innovative class trees, a unique take on the story of what took place before Borderlands 2, glitch weapons, luneshine weapons, item grinding.-Did I mention the class trees? They are possibly in their greatest form so far in the series, with each character having unique mechanics and engaging abilities. Double has a tree that revolves entirely around weaponmanufacturers, Nisha can duel-wield pistols, Wilhelm gets a giant laser, and Athena gets a bloody, explodey melee tree, and that is just the beginning!Cons-The humor can be a bit hit or miss, a lot more than in previous games.-Many of the new characters don't quite fit, and are even more hit or miss than the actual humor. Pickle...just, Pickle.-The game does not scale particularly well, and many bosses are absolutely awful to fight. I am not ashamed to say that this is the first game where I actually decided to cheat due to how frustrating the bosses were. One boss had so many enemies I was almost perpetually in fight-for-your-life, another literally began 1-hitting me and had nearly 7 different forms, and another completely broke my build because my laser beam couldn't even hit him due to distance.-Level design is very pretty looking, but driving and platforming  is an absolute pain. I swear most of my deaths were from driving off a cliff I didn't even see, or an invisible wall (or lack there-of) leading to an unamusing fall to my death.-There are many enemies that are more frustrating to kill than difficult, from splitting into smaller versions *and then splitting again*, to having particle effects that practically blinds you.This game has genius that is held back by failure. Interesting classes, fun weapon (rarity?) concepts, and a whole new aesthetic. The worst part of this game, in my opinion, is that it had to live up to Borderlands 2's standards, which got 4 story DLCs, 5 headhunter packs, more expansive weapon tiers, etc. Content wise, the game is far smaller, and this only helps to make the game feel less like a sequel and more of a bundle of failed potential. It's a great game if you can get it on sale, but don't go in thinking you will get the same experience as Borderlands 2. So much potential, and so many fun mechanics, all lost..."
,Recommended,261640,16488580,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SwankyR,"Well, the newest Borderlands game squares up fairly well to the games of its kind but does it really all add up to make a good game? I'll list a simple pro/con list to this game.Pros:-Fairly unique and new worlds. Nothing too copy/paste.-New characters, all unique as well.-Enough to explore on Elpis.-New laser guns are a great addition.-Probably the most fun gameplay in the series.-Interesting backstory and questionable moments.-Leaves you thinking.+/- Austrailian accents?+/- Laser guns. (Some people actually hate the feature)-Not as funny as BL2 or BL. Didn't. Laugh. Once.-Nothing has really changed in customization/badass ranks.-Short if you're not a completionist-Story just....drags.....on....-In this game, it seems like the characters are not treated equal. There are some starting characters better than others.In 2 sentences:Borderlands The Pre-Sequel seems second rate to Borderlands 2, however, it is extremely worth it at a lower price than 60 USD. If you're a die-hard Borderlands fan, pick up at a lower price then have fun!"
,Recommended,261640,25704328,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,[<3]Tnert,"An interesting addition to the series. It still follows the cookie cutter design of previous Borderlands titles with the exception of having low gravity environments and laser weapons in the mix. Handsome Jack, Nisha and Wilhem's a**hat origins are explored in this game while Claptrap and Athena get fleshed out more. The diversity of characters is great compared to previous titles, especially considering most of the Elphis' (the moon) inhabitants are all Australian and reflect elements of Australian culture; Janey Springs comes to mind and she is a bad♥♥♥♥♥lesbian mechanic who adores Athena.Overall I loved this game but it's boring to play solo and should definetly be enjoyed with a friend or two."
76561198111267898,Recommended,261640,15524134,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Jacob,"I really, really, really like this game. After reading reviews about it I thought 'this game is going to suck' but suprisingly it's the best borderlands i've ever played! I just completed the story once with Claptrap and I must say it has a decent storyline. The game has many many references to Borderlands 2 and also 1. It also has alot of eastereggs, and secret bosses to find. I recomend this game to whoever has played both borderlands, and likes the series. Also, I suggest getting the Claptrap DLC..... Best DLC in Borderlands history! I would give this game a 11/10!"
76561198132329589,Not Recommended,261640,17682921,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,plodeer,borderlands: the pre-sequel had a good story and almost all of them had an australian accent. the laser weapons were ok but it didnt really change the gameplay too much compared to the first two games. alot of things were reused from the first two games and not in the good way. It felt mostly like a third born child in a family and is trying very hard to live up to its two older brothers and then somehow developed a australian accent. And the thing to make it all worse is that the whole game is so ungodly short that you can finisht hte whole thing in an afternoon if you prevent yourself from smashing your head against a wall from all the bordom.
,Recommended,261640,15549704,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ninkos,Borderlands is my favorite series of all time!
,Recommended,261640,15160035,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bran_The_Man_25,It is fun.
,Recommended,261640,17104920,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,taat,I still love BL2 and comparing the Pre-Sequel to Borderlands 2... it's not great.ProsStill fun to kill baddies and loot itemsStory was okayCryo and laser gunsConsLot of the areas look similar at the beginning and you forget which was whichOxygen and low gravity make the game pace feel slowHumor though this is subjectiveSidemissions (though some are good)Quicktravel for some areasI could play through Borderlands 2 and enjoy it but this doesn't have the same feeling.It's still above average which is why I'll recommend it.
,Recommended,261640,18956562,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FireRaze,"this is a must-buy for any borderlands fanit's not as good as borderlands 2 overall, but it is of a good standard and is worth the buythe engine is the same as borderlands 2, and the game takes place on pandora's moon"
76561198081983432,Recommended,261640,17098303,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,KCR22,"I had no idea what the story was, but enjoyed killing, looting and especially the grinding 8.5/10."
76561198042767131,Recommended,261640,17433405,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Farlow,"It's a really fun, compact Borderlands experience. Low grav is fun, laser weapons are fun, and the new classes are fun too. Probably not worth $60 like Borderlands 2 was, but definitely good enough to pick up on a sale.Edit: Oh, I've played the DLC now, and wow, I appreciated this approach way more than Borderlands 2. Borderlands 2 had like 4 campaigns included with the season pass, and with the exception of the Tiny Tina dlc, they were forgettable and not that fun. There was only one campaign released for presequel, but it was actually a sizeable and memorable addition with an interesting story and setting couple with a fully featured boss fight. It's easible better than the four in the Borderlands 2 season pass combined. Now is this campaign included with the two dlc characters and an arena mode worth $30? I woudln't say so, it's much easier to swallow while it's on sale, but if you're not interested in either of the other content, the Claptastic Voyage is definitely worth $10."
,Recommended,261640,35417462,Posted: 2 October,all,Nasty Pirate,"Finally I got to finish the darn thing! Was playing on and off since its release lol. The game is exactly the same as BL 2 but with the prequel story of BL 2. You get to meet Handsome Jack before he turned crazy and actually help him become the villain of BL2. Lots of guns, lots of ammo and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of enemies. Guaranteed recipe!The DLC where you get into CL4P-TP's mind is awesome as well!"
,Recommended,261640,26242253,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Zireael,"StoryBorderlands The Pre-Sequel tells the story of the man we know as Handsome Jack in Borderlands 2 and lets the players take the role of one of four Vault-Hunters helping him to regain Helios station and save Pandora's moon in the process from the clutch of the so called Lost Legion.PlaytimeThis aspect was actually one of the biggest surprises for me - in a negative way I'm afraid. The Pre-Sequel is very short compared to its two predecessors, even when doing all possible side missions.Borderlands 1 and 2 took me (and my coop partner) 47 and 51 hours respectively, while this game only gave us around 25 hours of gameplay in total. Granted I did not play the two DLC packs for the game, but I honestly doubt they can provide 25 hours of content.GameplayAt the beginning the player gets the choice for one of four completely new playable characters that have been introduced as NPCs in the past.This includes Wilhelm as the enforcer, Nisha as the lawbringer, Athena as the gladiator and Claptrap the fragtrap. Each class has three distinct skill trees that enhance certain abilities.There are also two further classes that can be bought via DLC.The gameplay formula is unchanged for the most part: It's all about fullfilling quests for different characters around the world that need your help in exchange for experience points, guns, class mods or other equipable items. I did however have the feeling that even more so than in Borderlands 2 the loot was extremely low value most of the time and I found myself using some of my earlier weapons for a very long time.Weapons are generated randomly in terms of stats and looks which makes for an impressive variety. Additionally to standard bullet damage some of the guns can also deal elemental damage like shock, frost or fire.The biggest change is the scenario of the game. Instead of Pandora, all the action takes place either aboard Helios One (which is the giant H-shaped space station in orbit) or on Pandora's moon.This results in two new aspects of the game. First of all there are very often area with very low gravity which allows for long jumps and some aerial combat. As an additional way to dispose of foes, players can now slam down onto the groung from the air and deal slam damage to enemies around.The second large addition is that a lot of areas on the moons' surface have no oxygen. Therefore players need to equip a oxygen kit to be able to breath for some time, before either returning to an interior section, killing enemies and collecting oxygen which they drop upon death or by finding one of the many cracks in the moons' surface through which oxygen escapes.Honestly this change is a very small one and will not bother you most of the time as you'll always have plenty of oxygen. I can only remember two times where I nearly suffocated.HumorBorderlands as a series has always had a very special and unique humor. You might love or hate it, but it is one of the things that has been present in all the games so far and the Pre-Sequel is no exception. There are a lot of great lines and very often you'll encounter extremely funny characters or situations.There are also quite a few little easter eggs and allusions to other popular franchises in media.Graphics and technical stateOh boy, where to start on this ...Long story short: Borderlands The Pre-Sequel is a technical mess. Very often the game stuttered and freezed or straight away crashed either for me or my coop partner, more often than not resulting in the game not working properly any more. This required a verification of the steam files which can take quite some time.Similar to Borderlands 1 and 2, The-Pre Sequel features support for Nvidia PhysX particle effects, but the optimization is probably worse than in both earlier iterations. Even when doing things like just running around the game would constantly drop framerate considerably and in firefights the situation got even worse, dipping below 10 FPS at times - on a GTX 970 and GTX 1070 with less than 60% GPU usage. This is just ridiculous and I'd strongly recommend to disable PhysX altogether. It does look very nice, but the performance hit is just not worth it at all.The graphical quality is very solid overall, especially some of the skyboxes look fantastic.VerdictBorderlands The Pre-Sequel was an enjoyable experience overall that was however held back by some annoying performance issues and a lot less content compared to the first two games.The humor and setting are hilarious once again and the classes are different enough to be interesting.If it's on sale, go for it, otherwise I'd probably recommend Borderlands 2 instead.69 / 100... and Gearbox, do a little more optimization on Borderlands 3. Pretty please?"
,Recommended,261640,13935412,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,NeKkO,"Another great installment in the Borderlands franchise, the Pre Sequel takes things to the next level with a fantastic story, great characters and new innovative gameplay, which will make you jump for joy...Quite literally.The more time you spend with The Pre-Sequel!, the easier it is for you to notice important changes: a completely new combat system, cool new characters, a complex story, even funnier quests and more of everyone's favorite - Claptrap! Fans of Borderlands 2 will find tons of goodies wrapped in a fresh new package and spend dozens of hours simply having fun.Even though this is not the “real” continuation of the beloved shoot-and-loot-series and still shows some elements that might have been bugging you before, you’ll get plenty of hours of fun out of it."
,Recommended,261640,20520070,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,123..*™,good
,Recommended,261640,13022143,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Some Goon,"Not worth 60 dollars, good game, wait for the sale, really funny, great classes, guns, more guns, space, cryogen guns, lazer guns, amazing ending, but an uber amount of glitches, and the beginning is pretty dull (not the very first part, thats pretty cool). Yeah, that's about it. I don't know if you'll like the game as much as me if you havn't played the previous ones though. Love you, bye."
,Recommended,261640,30657733,Posted: 21 March,all,diss</3,good
,Recommended,261640,13037412,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Charoon[TH],"8/10 for this game , If you like borderlands 2 Well you can't miss this onePositive :- Go to the Moon (and Moon Base station)- New fun with Butt slam and O2 Boost and Gravity Mechanicism- New (Cheating)Laser and (Slag) Cryo- More chance for Legendary (Found Even in Market)- Interesting boss fight- More HumorNegative :- You can't farm some boss (include miniboss) to gain your legendary item- less mini boss fighting when compare to BL2- Some Bug and Glitch that not fixed (Even Now TT)"
76561198038643614,Recommended,261640,15238025,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Joe,"With the Claptrap's Voyage DLC, it became much better than it was. If you want to buy the TPS, buy the story DLC too. Before it, TPS was suffering seriously. You'll finish the story in TVHM around level 50, but there wasn't any motivation to continue - even with UVHM and if you had the Holodome DLC and level cap increase (in fact, that was waste of money). The majority of the bosses and unique enemies, who had assigned loot only spawned once per playthrough - you killed it for the quest, if you got their loot, then you had luck, if not...well, you had to get known to the ""alt+f4 farming"". Thankfully they patched it with the story DLC's release, so it's not an issue anymore. Before it, the endgame looked like: you went to Iwajira, killed him a few times until you got 2 Thingies to grind legendary weapons. Or alternatevely you could farm the vending machines. Which is not an end-game in my book.However, there are still problems: there are lot's of legendaries which don't have any dedicated loot source and you have to farm the grinder and/or the vending machines for them. Like the Maggie, or VIral Marketer. Or Sledge' Shotty. Or.... I could continue this list for a while. On the other side, some loot's drop chance is glitched. The IVF (it's essentially the Baby Maker from BL2) should drop from Tony Slows. However, it doesn't drop from him, so the only way to get this weapon is again, the Grinder or Vending Machines. Then there are lots of unique enemies who don't have any loot drops, like the 3 darksiders who drop the prisms for a mission.Otherwise, the game itself is good. Not as good as Borderlands 2, but the story is interesting, the characters and the style of telling the story is awesome as well. The new things in gameplay are good too, butt slamming and air boosting adds a nice flow to the combat dynamics, and the Cryo element has some characteristics, that makes it better and more interesting than the slag was in BL2.I would rate TPS a solid 7.5/10 (for comparison, BL1 would be around 8-8.5, and BL2 would be 8.5 or 9)"
,Recommended,261640,13795391,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"Another brilliant addition to the franchise, except this one being chock-a-block full of Australian accents by 2K Australia (which I believe is now defunctional, R.I.P).There is one twist, though.You are in space.Fly."
,Not Recommended,261640,13580048,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,akademiks,"I wanted to love this game. I really wanted to love it. After the huge improvements Borderlands 2 made on Borderlands 1, you would expect another huge development with The Pre Sequal! Alas, no such improvements. In fact, it's even worse. The Pre Sequel brings memories of the original Borderlands, and not in a good way. Almost all the legendaries are from Borderlands 2, with a few new ones, and a few that have been renamed (but are still from BL2). The story.. my goodness. The story is like freshly laid crap. It has the potential to be good, but, it takes the Far Cry 3 route....and kills the main villian when there's still a lot left to the storyThe pitiful excuse for a raid boss is absolutely horrendous. It's not fun at all, unlike Terramorphus or Crawmerax. Not only that, but the DLC that they've released is even worse, bringing shame to the franchise. How can you go from great DLC such as the Secret Armory of General Knoxx and Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage to junk like the Holodome Onslaught DLC?Unacceptable. If possible, I would wish that we don't even count this as a part of the Borderlands franchise. The ending is obviously tacked on, bringing no sense what so ever. A waste of $59.99. Mediocre in every way. The only good part of this mess is Jack, but not even he can bring this up.I'm a die hard Borderlands fan. I have over 300 hours on the PS3 version for BL1 and 362 hours for BL2 on PC. I loved every part of BL1 and BL2. I could barely finish this game. It is one of the most disappointing games of 2014, and I do not recommend it."
,Recommended,261640,32891768,Posted: 27 June,all,Captain_Zerz,Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel brings everything you love from Borderlands 2 with even more quirk (and less oxygen). Don't miss out on this classic!
,Recommended,261640,19007030,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,FucKing Toaster in Tub,i would rate this game 8/8but where is all the dlc??compaired with BL2 the season pass in this game seems like a scam
76561197970614769,Recommended,261640,13514526,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sad Rabbit,11/10 would meat hunks again
,Recommended,261640,13594520,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hoodie Melo,"I really had a good time playing the first run-through. It is such a strong similarity to Borderlands 2, probably why I enjoyed it that much more. A few pros vs consPros:Good weapon balancing - The choice of having higher end guns available at all times really helps out in the long runMoney's worth - Money is really important in this game for once. I held on to 7mill in BL2 because it was useless, but in this game I'm lucky to have 100k. Money is used to buy out top-gear items like purple or legendary items that can occasionally come up in the vendors.Interesting Dialogue - As always, Borderlands makes the dialogue either have some deeper meaning or is flat out hilarious.Introduction to new items - The added types of weapons, the O2 kits, and new abilites are amazingNew characters - Yo, Claptrap? For real??? lol, love the new charactersCons:Storyline is somewhat bland - Parts of the story are repetitive, but it does come with a rather big surprise at the endDoesn't seem like a ""new"" game - Although I was stoked it was so similar to Borderlands 2, it didn't feel like a new game, just a DLC of Borderlands 2All in all, 8.5/10, def recommend it, super fun and only gets better on harder modes + friends."
,Recommended,261640,15459441,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Bryder,"While this is the third game in the series, it is chronologically the prequel to the excellent Borderlands 2.  Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel starts before the events in Borderlands 2, telling the of Handsome Jack.Especially fun to play with a friend for some dialogue/interaction between the characters but levelling seems to always be slightly behind the storyline so repeating in vaulthunter mode or DLCs might require a little grind/levelling, where Borderlands 2 suffered very little from this unless you wanted to aim for the higher/max levels, but still damned good fun!If you are a fan of the franchise, you almost certainly won't be left disappointed."
,Recommended,261640,12953835,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Softendo79 (KKK),OMG BEST BORDERLANDS GAME YETSO GOOD IM GETTIN EVERY DLC im workin up to the handsome jack playable character YES HES PLAYABLEDOWNLOAD THE GAME NOW
,Recommended,261640,32536754,Posted: 18 June,all,RusticTroll,"Not as good as Borderlands 2, but still worth picking up on sale."
76561198027783010,Not Recommended,261640,21903350,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Shinny,"While not quite up to the standards of BL2, this seems at first glance to be quite a good game.  Unfortunately, the game turns out to be ridiculously short and end-game is virtually nonexistant--a nasty combo.  Unlike BL2, the DLC introduces virtually no new content; only the last one really changes your gameplay experience and gives you something to do.I...honestly can't recommend this game unless you've completely exhausted BL2 and all its DLC and are desperate for more gameplay.  Combat isn't terribly balanced and endlessly farming the same end-game boss for gear with which you fight that same boss again and again, well...  It's a mess."
,Recommended,261640,12943412,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,foxxo,"If you like Guns, dancing robots, funny stories, and epic bosses, this is a game you would enjoy. buttstalion/10"
76561198154632995,Recommended,261640,13021711,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Remington Reeves,"Fun, fast paced action, with tons of guns and explosions! Grab a friend and go blow stuff up!!"
,Recommended,261640,23389787,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Skeletor,its a fun game to play with your friends and muck around. Story isnt the best but who cares when you can shoot the crap out of people you dont like.
76561198006796765,Recommended,261640,21925296,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Amigo,Best Borderlands title for me so far. Play this instead of The Division. This game is much more fun.
,Recommended,261640,13214798,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,G2 Extaasi ツ,"You like borderlands 1? - You should buy it!You Like Borderlands 2? - You Should Buy it!You wanna go Moon? - You should buy it!You wanna play Claptrap - You should Buy it!You like Handsome jack? - You should buy it!So yeah, just buy it! :D"
76561198037642186,Recommended,261640,14859959,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Jessica Rushie,"This is Not a review.  It's simply my thoughts so far on the game.I like it so far, i mean Borderlands 1 and 2 are better but this one is still good it's just not THAT good.As a person who works with UDK i notice a lot of shortcuts made in the making of this game.The most noticeable is, the terrain seems to be mostley just ""Copy"" ""Pasted"" Prefabs. one for example is the ""Lava Water Fall"", and i say ""the"" because i only see 1 thats Copy Pasted over and over.The second most anoying thing is all the Clipping walls they have used. there are FAR too many, you just can't seem to go anywhere you want to go because as you try your character just wont jump or even move.The third is the Collision they have used on there static meshes, i don't really know what is wrong with it, it's just wrong. You get stuck all the time.In Borderlands i noticed A LOT of BSP Texture errors (Textures that were missing and showed the UDK's White/Blue Square's), So far i have not seen any in Borderlands TPS, so thats good at least.I still recomend this game as it is a good game, you might just want to wait for a sale though.Or a GOTY and then not have to pay so much for the DLC."
76561198099851602,Recommended,261640,33363472,Posted: 7 July,all,Easton_49,It's very good
76561197962448892,Not Recommended,261640,13744673,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,my team sucks,"This game is far too expensive for what it offers, which is essentially an expansion to borderlands 2. The game is a shorter clone of borerlands 2. It is still fun but definitely not worth 60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,261640,12974193,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,2 nigga's kissing,Burch is cuckedit: 24/11/2016Burch is still a cuck
,Not Recommended,261640,13700772,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AstroPsychosis,"I mean.. Its Borderlands, sure. But it's not the Borderlands that many of us played for hundreds of hours to complete and level up. I was so excited for this borderlands, that i preordered it. The preorder bonus is a joke, plain and simple. The DLC is sub-par, at best.To save everyone a lot of opinions and reading, this game isn't the Borderlands we loved. While the old games had enough story and difficulty to last for a pretty long time, this one does not. My current playtime is beating the storymode and true vault hunter.Its just an expansion pack."
76561197995261847,Not Recommended,261640,13718316,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,>>> MGS <<< Gray Fox,"It's not what i like about borderlands sadly, nothing in here is insanely funny or blows my mind with new mechanics or quick thinking. You get gravity i guess but that's about it"
,Recommended,261640,20970298,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,★ IkarosS,นับเป็นภาคที่สามแล้วของซีรีย์นี้ ซึ่งในภาคนี้ก็ไม่ได้ดำเนินเรื่องต่อจากภาค2 แต่จะย้อนกลับไปยาวๆก่อนที่ภาคแรกจะเริ่มกันเลย แต่ก็ยังเป็นเรื่องราวเกี่ยวกับ Vault Hunter หรือนักล่าสมบัติในยุคอวกาศนั้นแหละ ซึ่งก็เช่นเคยที่เกมจะมีตัวเอกให้เลือกเล่นทั้งหมด4คน4คลาสเช่นเดิม ซึ่งก็มี Wilhelm Enforcer ชายโฉดเพียงหนึ่งเดียว Athena Gladiator สาวอดีตนักฆ่า Nisha คาวเกิร์ลคลาส Lawbringer และ Claptrap หุ่นกระป๋องสุดฮาที่เราสามารถเลือกเล่นได้แล้วในภาคนี้ ซึ่งคุณจะได้รับรู้เรื่องราวของ Handsome Jack และบริษัทผลิตอาวุธยักษ์ใหญ่ Hyperion ว่ามันมีความเป็นมาได้อย่างไร ทำไม Jack ถึงได้เป็นผู้ครองอำนาจแต่เพียงผู้เดียวในบริษัทนี้ ซึ่งก็จะมีตัวละครคุ้นหน้าจากภาคเก่าๆมาร่วมแจมด้วยเหมือนเคยข้อดี- Gameplay สนุกสะใจเหมือนเดิม- การดำเนินเรื่องไม่อืดอาด เย้นเย้อ ตัดเข้าฉากต่อสู้รวดเร็ว- สภาวะไร้แรงดึงดูดสุดเจ๋ง- อาวุธที่มีให้เก็บมากมายเหมือนเคยข้อด้อย- เหมือนภาคเดิมมากเกินไปจนไม่มีอะไรใหม่- Bug ยิบย่อยเล็กๆน้อยที่ทำให้เกมสะดุด8.5/10
76561198009873762,Recommended,261640,28907030,Posted: 1 January,all,Meevir,"I  personally consider TpS the best part of Borderlands franchise.It has a rich story, strong  and well developed female protagonists (Athena, Nisha) AND antagonist (Zarpedon),  satisfying rate of legendary loot drop and some very unique locations,  i.e. Vein of Helios, which provide a very fresh gaming experience.Low gravity mechanics is fun and enjoyable and new vehicle, stingray, is the best vehicle I ever had in a game.Maybe game is a little overpriced, but with a good discount it is a must have."
76561198318652937,Not Recommended,261640,32914737,Posted: 27 June,all,Wazard,"got bored of the game way to quickly for me to recemend such an expensive game, it hardly lives up to the other border land games, and I had more fun playing borderlands 2 for the secend time, than playing than this disopointment. I wish it was as fun as the last two games, but it just feels stale, would instead recemend the other border land games."
,Not Recommended,261640,16391261,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Trippie,"I liked the last two Borderlands, but I had a special hatred for this one."
,Recommended,261640,12512789,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Erion,"An amazing game. In general, people say it's just a re-hashed Borderlands 2. But, you know what? It isn't.It has, in my opinion, a great story-line, revamped sounds and quality of the game, and, overall, has a brand-new feel to it. It's as if you got a new car after driving around a used one for a while.The story-line is great. It takes a new look on the Borderlands story -- one from the view of the antagonists. It's still great nonetheless!The action of the game kicks off, right from the get-go. There's no waiting around for stuff to happen!If you have a spare $70-$90 lying around, and want some good times, then, I highly recommend Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel."
,Not Recommended,261640,21043719,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Whip-o-will,"Even if I disregarded the games that came before this one - which is admittedly difficult, given how much I enjoyed 2 - I can't say that I would recommend this game on its own. It's nothing special, in my eyes. If others enjoy it, I'm glad for them! In my case, however, I wish I had saved my money (and I bought this on sale).Here are a few things to consider, if you're looking to purchase this game and combing through reviews for some outsider input. I'll start with the objectively nice things:-It handles just like Borderlands 2, which is to say very nicely. It also looks great, keeping with the signature style of titles before it.-The new cast of characters are diverse and provide some neat expansion of the previously explored areas of the Borderlands universe. There is a feeling of many more possibilities moving beyond the given playable experience.-While it sticks largely with the Borderlands 2 system, there is enough 'newness' in here that it provides a very different experience. The unique location, the Grinder, the new gun type, and the new element are enjoyable.-The new vehicles were pretty cool.-It was interesting to have to manuever in the new environments in the given way (even if it was slower). The need to interact with the oxygen vents on the surface could go either way for me. It made travel somewhat more difficult, which made the otherwise slow hops across the surface more exciting.-The new playable characters and abilities are pretty fun.Unfortunately, for me, that just about ends the good things that I can think of to say about this game. I was trying to be generous, honest.I seem to be in the lower bracket of opinions on this, and for the life of me I can't figure out what I'm missing out on. I really wish this was something I could enjoy. It just doesn't cut it for me, though. I see people redeeming this because in some way you could try to think of it as a DLC and not what's supposed to be its own game, but I can't even accept that. It just.... wasn't fun. Here's why I thought it wasn't fun:-From right off the bat, there were some ridiculous bugs causing the models to pop in and out of reality, especially in Sanctuary 2.0. Kind of breaking the diversity there.-The characters were so, so, so unfortunately samey. There were attempts to diversify them, and it helped that this team had characters to build off of from games before, but overall it was just.... bland. They were not at all belonging in what has been established in the fun and quirky Borderlands universe. They were often not more than ushering you down the questline with little other individuality or redeeming qualities to their name. ♥♥♥♥ing Pickle.-The main quest was so boring I refused to do side quests to avoid doing but the bare minimum. Consequently, I found myself severely underlevelled. I joke with my buddy that the script for each and every quest went this way: ""Give player objective across map, player attempts to proceed by completing objective, something breaks, give player new objective all the way backwards through the map to fix whatever went wrong with last objective, repeat"". There was SO much backtracking and loss of progression. It's NOT fun.-The characters being queer were cool. The characters having no other qualities I could tell you about other than them being queer are uncool. It felt just like the team wanted to include their sexual orientation just so they could say they did. That's the end of their work. Everyone pack it up.-REALLY forced attempts at resurfacing character qualities from previous games. Example, quite early on Torgue makes some comment about friendzoning and then something something about ladies and whatever. I think it was an attempt to relive what was actually kind of a cool moment for his character in his DLC, but it was just.... harsh.-Speaking of harsh, just about every dialogue bit in this game is harsh. It feels like the team played the previous games and only got ""insert joke into EVERY LINE POSSIBLE"" from them. They're not good. They're not subtle or clever, definitely nowhere near the beloved Borderlands standards. They're so forced, and it's painful to witness potentially neat characters being funneled into (now it is time to make a JOKE!). It's bad.-Also on the dialogue line, a lot of the dialogue was way too much, very cluttery and overwhelming. There were a couple times the ol' Borderlands dialogue came through, and it was a breath of fresh air, but it wasn't often enough.-This would only be an issue if you disliked this game the same way I do, but the replay value on this is seriously 0 for me right now. I replayed BL2 close to 10 times at this point, so I was really hoping for something else I'd be able to waste my life on, but I'm afraid it's not here.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this even as a DLC. Especially if you've played the games before this, I just don't find it up to par. If you consider yourself someone who especially enjoys characters and quests, then I'd be especially cautious. If you're just in it for the gameplay, then go for it!"
,Recommended,261640,22885070,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Salty Skeleton,"I am just going to go out and say it instantly.I don't like this game nearly as much as borderlands one or twoIts not as replayable, much shorter and costs 4 times as muchHowever, this game is worth buying (if its 50% off or something).This game really gives you freedom with your loadouts and weapon choices.If you want to go sniping you can just pick up a good sniper and go hunting, You can't do that on any of the other borderlands games. In borderlands 1 your sniper proficency would be so low that you couldn't even land a hit and in borderlands 2 any sniper will be garbage if you are not Zero with the sniping skill tree and sniper class mods (Atleast in the late game).So pick this game up if you are a borderlands fan but don't bother with the DLCs. Only Claptastic Voyage and Handsome Jack is worthwhile but you can also pick the holodome to increase your max level if you really want to get everything you can out of this game."
,Recommended,261640,13111105,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Red,"Welcome to Elpis, Pandora's moon. The third installment in the Borderlands franchise brings back pretty much everything you loved from Borderlands 2 and added new gravity mechanics and weapons. For those who believe this was just a large DLC I will say because of the same engine yes it feels much like BL2 but I feel they added enough to make a full game. However being a diehard Borderlands fan I can't help but feel slightly disappointed in 2k Aus's take on the franchise. The content and gameplay of the game seems to grow stale after awhile, something that didn't happen for me in either of the previous games. As for the endgame content well compared to 2 there's really none to be found past maybe 3hrs of beefing up your character. I will say it pales in comparison to it's former titles but it was still a very enjoyable playthrough and in my opinion completely worth buying but I hope for great DLC additions like we saw in BL2, but until then I wait for gearbox to take the reigns back for the gameplay aspect because everything else is still just as good as it has been. 9/10"
,Recommended,261640,12707789,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ghostface,"A few additions have been made, but most of them feel very slight compared to the huge leap Borderlands 2 made from the first game.The Borderlands Pre-Sequel offers freshly designed air combat thanks to the low gravity of the new planet.A decent continuation to keep the borderlands players happy until the new borderlands series come to the new generation of consoles.Overall it's a decent good game that still gives you the Borderlands experience."
76561197994741036,Recommended,261640,12691380,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tachikoma,"Its Borderlands, but more so.  If you are a fan of previous entries, you will be a fan of this.  The new bits: oxygen kits, lazers, low-gravity and ground slamming are quite fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,261640,16666137,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,«PZ» #NoSkill,GO INTO CLAPTRAPS MIND
,Recommended,261640,16377557,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Phantomina Spooketta,Best Steam Sale EVERRRR :D
,Recommended,261640,30832019,Posted: 30 March,all,toscana_14.95,"This game has plastic graphics and gameplay. Cod is better in every aspect. This game require no skill.while in cod ypu have to be the best of the bedt. Also this game features no story.Not to mention you cant rocket jump or climb in the walls.Who ever believes this game is good, i have to agree, i was joking, and thanks for wasting your time reading this."
,Recommended,261640,22999568,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Nsx1,"Way better than i expected. Just a really big DLC for Borderlands 2. If you are a fan of the series, without a doubt you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,261640,17017680,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ishida mitsunari [石田 三成],"I Don't know why this game got more negative reviews Than BL2... I liked it and 100%ed it..Main review part:Story: Detalised and very good.(Humor level raised)(Saying anything else -> spoilers -.-)  (9/10)Setting: Decent and has some variety.(Lava grounds/methane rivers/Helios space station/CL4P-TP's mind) (10/10)Gameplay: Fun and enjoyable even solo, overally same as BL2, but has freeze and lasers. (10/10)Graphics: Decent, and look less ""drawed"" than in BL2(and has lots of effects that drain FPS)  (8/10)Controls: No problems detected. (9/10)Replayability: High af. (10/10)Overall rating: Worth buying at a discount and also worth doing all achievements!Rank: S (9,3/10)"
,Not Recommended,261640,14150233,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,не уходи,"Not worth iti was trying to understand ""pre-sequel"", but i couldn't. it's like a standalone dlc to BL2 or rather just one big mistake. i didn't expect it. i feel frustrated so nothing to say anymore. i'll give it 3 torgue tokens out of 10"
,Not Recommended,261640,19277596,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Snuggle Bear,nothing like B2
76561198019564358,Not Recommended,261640,20387495,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Setoh,"Pros:  ... new Borderlands?Cons: Quest design, MUSIC, characters, level design, voice actingBig dissapiontment. Buy B2 or play again if you have it."
76561198016555358,Recommended,261640,12760984,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Vergetta™,I like it very much.. 8.5/10
,Recommended,261640,13442698,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Helios,"Borderlands, the pinnacle of shoot & loot games. Procedurally generated weapons, loot chests, boss fights. It has everything that makes a grind addictive. Borderlands The Pre-Sequel, however, is a little more stale than the other games that have come from the franchise. Borderlands one was amazingly fun, I have countless hours into that game on my Xbox 360 and the only issue with it was the insanely drab pallete. Lots of browns, really. Borderlands 2 ramped up the color pallete, gave us even MORE procedurally generated weapons, more enemies, more story, areas, and fun. Overall, Borderlands 2 was a better game than Borderlands the original.But this game... The Pre-Sequel...Let me start off by saying, I adore Borderlands as a whole. The entire universe, lore, all of it. It's amazing. Borderlands has always walked that fine line of being cheesey, but still funny while being dramatically graphic. Shooting people's heads off while your character makes snarky comments has always been something they've done right with the series. You get a lot of good laughs in the games. Borderlands 2 ramped that up a bit. And The Pre-Sequel made it almost non-stop. While I do love the dialogue and all of its hilarity, sometimes it IS a bit much. The characters actually talking to eachother is an amazing addition, but it seems to be over-used in Co-Op where your characters are talking almost constantly to eachother or somebody on your Echo.Another thing Borderlands is famous for is its weapon generation. BL1 had a load of guns, always finding something new. BL2, even more so. But The Pre-Sequel adds maybe a handful of weapons, IF THAT. The new laser weapons are fun and unique, but they really dropped the ball on other weapons. I'd venture to guess that 99% of the weapons (barring legendary weapons) are re-used from Borderlands 2. And even then, most legendary weapons are re-used as well. They most certainly could have done better in this respect.As I said before, dialogue is huge part of this game. Character dialogue is great, voice acting is great, voice actors are great. It makes you feel more immersed in the Borderlands universe, your character speaking directly to your friendly quest-giver on the Echo.I don't think it needs to be said, but low-gravity is fun. The ground slams you can do are also fun, but a bit underwhelming. I used the exact same O2 Kit from the second mission of the game, all throughout the campaign. Not because I forgot to, or wanted to, but because it was genuinely the best one I could find. It had the highest oxygen capacity by quite a bit, but I suffered with the low slam damage. It wasn't until I got into Playthrough 2 that I started finding worth while O2 Kits. The slams for me mostly worked as a means to jump cancel. The low gravity was sometimes irritating and you constantly whack your head everywhere, or go too far because you have little to no control where you go. The slams bring you down immediately, which is nice.Bosses in this game are a little underwhelming. The final boss was a lot of fun, but I felt like it dragged on a bit too much. Like they had run out of ideas.In fact, I think this entire game was built on a pre-laid foundation and they WERE out of ideas. They just wanted to push some new things like the dialogue and lasers. It doesn't seem like a full game to me, unfortunately. It feels more like a large expansion for Bl2 than a full game.Regardless of the lack of new content and some of the minor annoyances in the game, it is still VERY fun. It's still Borderlands at heart, even if it isn't really all that brand new. Being a lover of the series, I do recommend the game. But if you're looking for some brand-new mechanics, new weapons, and an all around COMPLETELY NEW game. You are going to be disappointed.This game serves it's purpose in the lore. Showing us what happened between Borderlands 1 and 2. It tells a story, and it's very good at it. That's what kept me playing, the story. If you haven't played Borderlands 1 and 2, then I wouldn't recommend playing this game until you do. You really need to know what's going on to understand most of the game. I would recommend playing the games in order, Borderlands 1, Pre-Sequel, then Borderlands 2 so you get the full story.So far, unfortunately, this game is my least favorite of the series. That isn't saying a whole lot, though. I still love it. It's still Borderlands like I said. It's just not new and shiny. It's kind of just...Here... I'm looking forward to the DLC to see if it sparks my interest in the game a little more.Final verdict, in my opinion; Wait for a really good sale if you're a Borderlands lover/veteran. If not, go ahead and jump in if you've played Borderlands 1."
,Recommended,261640,15696202,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,DeCay,Loved every moment of it.
,Not Recommended,261640,26452778,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Masa,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is another loot shooter that's a way too similar to Borderlands 2 for its own good.The game is set between the two main Borderlands games and follows Handsome Jack's rise to power. Unfortunately the story is rather poorly written and the jokes are not nearly as funny as in Borderlands 2.Most of the action takes place on Pandora's moon Elpis. This means low gravity combat and oxygen managament for outdoor environments. In practice I didn't really care too much for either mechanic. Oxygen management in particular felt rather tedious without really adding anything to the game.The weakest part of the game, however, is the poor map and mission design. On outdoor maps it's way too easy to fall into holes and cracks that will insta-kill you. Furthermore, a lot of the missions require extensive backtracking. Combined, these two problems get old really quickly.The core gameplay is still fun, but overall it's hard to recommend the Pre-Sequel unless you have already played Borderlands 2 to death and are still left craving for more.I played through the game on Athena.The good:- Fun core gameplay- Nice visual styleThe bad:- Poor writing and the jokes are not funny- Visually boring outdoor environments- Oxygen management is tedious- Way too many cracks and holes that will insta-kill you- Extensive backtracking during missions"
,Not Recommended,261640,23977699,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,I AM HERE,"Don't waste your money, just buy Borderlands 2. This game isn't bad, but I wouldn't reccomend it. Borderlands 2 is much better.  Only pick this game up on sale."
76561198079429318,Not Recommended,261640,24562978,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BlueJay,"I'm sorry, but I cannot recommend this game. It all feels like one giant DLC to the much superior game of Borderlands 2. Hell, I'm not even sure if this game is worth 20$, let alone 40$. The characters feel flat out boring to play (or annoying), and the ones that are interesting to play stop being once you realize that most of their optimal gear can't drop! At all! Most weapons are actually imbedded in the code, but have no suitable loot source (or that loot source is bugged, like the Lady Fist) Understandibly, these unobtainable weapons are very powerful even without a proper build to back them up, but in BL2 with Shamfleeting, Pimperahabing, and Beehawking, there really isn't much of a reason to leave this game so...unfinished. The replayability is trash, the story just drones on and never EVER has the character's just saying a line and having you on your way. A great example of this is when Jack is telling you about the vending machines in the beggining. It would be great, if not for the fact that he takes forever to complete the objective that you could do in under 10 seconds! You don't even have to be near the machines, he'll just explain them anyway. A great option would've been to disable tutorials and tutorial-like dialouge, but no. You have to listen to these god damn explinations over, and over until finally you just go and download a lvl50 (or 70) save and have fun with that. Except that the endgame isn't even fun! The ""mobbing"" areas are either have way too much cover or way too open. And the worst part? They had a chance to redeem the game. The Claptastic Voyage was hyped and hyped and nothing came of it. Another story with awful slow speed and extremely cringe-worthy jokes. The glitch weapons were way too unreliable and weren't really much better than purples. Hell, if it hadn't been for BL2, I probably wouldn't have even touched this game. The co-op wasn't even that decent. The only ""support"" was Athena and if she went down you're whole team was screwed. Please 2K, I hope you take this is a regretable mistake and build off of it. We don't want another TPS for BL3."
,Recommended,261640,12691444,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,#KushDaddy,"I love this game, I love borderlands, and this game will be a major contender for game of the year for me. it's basically everything you love about borderlands, and I definitely recommend it :D!!ps. alot of people are complaining that it is the same as borderlands 2, but i think that is a good thing because borderlands 2 is one of my favorite games of all time. Like come on guys, quit whining if something isn't broke don't fix it. I don't think a game has to be on a brand new engine to be new.This is a new game, it has* A new well written story* New classes with new skill trees* New environment* New charactersSo basically don't listen to the negative hype, this is an amazing game, you should definetly get it, it is gonna give me hundreds of hours of entertainment, and I can't wait for borderlands 3."
76561198044918247,Recommended,261640,30270345,Posted: 1 March,all,OwO,"I don't think this game is better than Borderlands 2, unfortunately. I had over 6 playthroughs on Borderlands 2 but this game, I started then stopped mid game. I finally came back, started over, and then finally finished it.I only recommend it to people who do not care about the story or are just looking for a fps. If you want a good story, play BL1 and BL2 or just BL2 really. If you want something cheaper, pick up BL2.Pros:-Many characters to choose from. (2 are DLC)-Funny.-Pretty to look at.-Plays like a Borderlands game.-Added gravity fun.-Added the ""Grinder"". Throw in old guns you don't want or need and then you may get a better one.Cons:-The characters and their abilities aren't very good. I only like Wilhelm and the Baronness.-While playing Handsome Jack's doppleganger, if I walked two feet away from one, it'd despawn then respawn wasting time for me.-They made ClapTrap a character. I'd prefer to see him around Concordia or perhaps assisting in a couple quests (Like BL2). Also, he's funny at the start but as the game progresses, you start to regret picking him. Also, he's only good with multiplayer.-This is a bit of a personal preference.They made the main characters (the characters you play) talk. In the previous game, your chracters would be silent. The characters talking back ruins a bit of the game for me. In the previous game, I could imagine what my character would say. Instead, I get cringy responses from the heroes. Wilhelm, Nisha, and the Baroness are nearly impossible to listen to.-In BL1 and BL2, you had the pleasure of reoccuring characters like Scooter and Zed. In this game, they're replaced with Janey Springs and Nurse Nina. I don't mind Nurse Nina at all but Janey Springs is a nightmare. Annoying! Almost as bad as Tiny Tina.-Story is okay...The enemy in BL2 (Handsome Jack) really made a huge impact in the game. Zarpaddon was okay but very boring. The aliens were also kinda boring.-LASER WEAPONS ARE STUPID AND TERRIBLE. I agree with Torge on this. They just aren't satisfying to use.-Moxxi has this alternative side added to her (actually a redneck mechanic) that was annoying.-The new vehicle, Stingray, isn't fun. Prefer the car but some quests make you use the Stringray."
,Recommended,261640,13788246,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kricketune,"A bit shorter than BL1 and 2 in my opinion.  Despite that, it's an enjoyable game.  Athena and Nisha are OP, Wil is okay, and Claptrap is 2random4me.Game was $60, now $40.  IMO, wait for a $20-ish sale.  :V"
,Not Recommended,261640,24242830,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bieeanda,"I made it to the first lunar boss and quit. Everything is bullet spongy, movement feels like garbage, and the game's new gimmicks are nothing to write home about. I've played an absurd amount of BL2, but I could not get into this one at all."
76561198041461097,Recommended,261640,16333876,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ye,"Its not Borderlands 2 :CJoking aside TPS is a great game. It has improved many gameplay elements from BO2. Ice  mechanics > slag mechanics; UVHM, gear scaling, story and so on.Hovewer it lacks in diffrent aspects. It's combat flow is not great and often you will find yourself waiting for dialogue to finish when going from combat to combat. A lot of locations look the same as most of them is just the surface of the moon. The game overall is not as addictive as BO2 was. It lacks end-game content.If you want a shooter that can provide you many hours of fun TPS is for you. Also buy claptastic it's really good."
,Recommended,261640,13533934,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,♥NightlyDark♥,It's like skyrim but with lazars 10/10 -ign
,Not Recommended,261640,16897815,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,RogueNine,"I only played this one for about an hour or so.  Boring, tepid dialogue to go with boring tepid gameplay; uninteresting characters and what felt like a political message shoehorned in with neither delicacy nor taste."
,Not Recommended,261640,17297184,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Pip,Took my around 9 hours to complete. Should of been a DLC for Borderlands 2. If I had paid a full £40 for this I would be extremely angry. There really isn't anything new and some of the scenes are just extremely corny. Not to mention the boss battles were pretty awful.
,Recommended,261640,12508679,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Strider,"This is Borderlands, to the core, and a great credit to the franchise.Low gravity combat, lasers, cryo effects, both new and re-imagined enemies, and a metric crap ton of that classic Borderlands humor we have come to love so much. Love the new characters, and ... you can play as Claptrap.I enjoy seeing the story leading up to BL2, and some of the side mission stories are cool as well. Seeing Jack be ... nice. The birth of the robot army. But, I will stop there, no spoliers.As I write this, I see a small flood of spam in the reviews here on Steam, people hating on the game for various reasons. Everyone is most definitely entitled to their opinions, but a lot of what I am reading makes no sense. This is NOT a DLC or expansion, it's a full on game in it's own right.People complaining about the $60 price tag, and while I am have been a long time critic of overpriced games, there is most defiantly $60 worth of game here. If you go for the full Borderlands experience, it's going to take you dozens of hours to complete, per character. Like all of the other BL games, we have coop as well. So I am not sure what people are complaining about.Rest assured, it's unwarranted. If you truly enjoy Borderlands, then you will enjoy The Pre-Sequel."
76561198056229869,Recommended,261640,12507659,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Bernie Lomax,"The story is written good,people still play this with friends and though match making. You get loot from killing enemies, bosses and quests."
76561198002844916,Not Recommended,261640,12796872,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,..WitchDoctor..,"After 2 weeks, this is my assessment of Borderlands: The Pre-SequelHolding Borderlands 2 as the king of the series, i can say borderlands the pre-sequel is crap by comparison. Its nowhere near as funny, the pacing is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the music is awful.Here are my Pros:+ The low-gravity jumps and airboosts are fun, but bring little to the table.+ The new freeze ammo type is very useful and appropriately used+ The characters are unique enough to make play styles change+ The vehicles are cool+ Enemy AI seems improved over previous generations.Here are the numerous cons:- The low-gravity gets old, quickly- The writers must have quit because there is almost no comedic voice acting in this game, its all crap so far.- The environments are bland with little variation- That ♥♥♥♥ing music- Major glitch if you die while affected by the freeze element- Weapons have no effect if fired too close to an enemy- Its too easy to fall off the map, on foot and in vehicles- The story is ♥♥♥♥ed up from the beginning unless you play as athena, otherwise its assuming you are with her in multiplayer (half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥writing).- The grinder is an absolutely pointless addition to the game, it might as well not be there- the pacing is crap from the get go, and makes me not want to playin short, i want my money back and i am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the dev team."
76561198058112413,Not Recommended,261640,12818360,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,WeAreAllGoingToDIE,"I am a big fan of any co-op game, they are pretty much the only ones I play. I enjoy the graphics and the occassional appearance of Borderlands 2 characters, but this one just isn't quite up to that level. Compared to the other Borderlands, this one lacks a solid story line, likable side characters (providing details about their lives that in no way improve the story or experience), lacks challanging and enjoyable bosses, and has few leveling perks/customizing options available through the standard play-through. I would say its value in entertainment is half the cost of what was paid. Some games deserve a second or third playthrough, this isn't likely to be one of those."
76561198033662924,Not Recommended,261640,29196626,Posted: 11 January,all,Spaceman,"Look, this is a fun game, no doubt, but it's seriously infantilising. Borderlands, the original, I could blow limbs and heads into smithereens. Sure, you get some blood splatter here, but all body parts remain intact. And then, when someone says a 'swear' in dialogue, it's censored out. I simply can't recommend the game for anyone that appreciated the adult humour that made the original such an entertaining experience. Also, I don't have a problem with a gay character here and there, but I don't need them reminding me how gay they are every couple of minutes. Seriously, who does that? None of the straight characters are doing that."
,Not Recommended,261640,12750111,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aequitarian,"BL:TPS is basically Death by a thousand cuts.This game is a strictly worse version of BL2. We surely expected a similar game, or even more of an expansion pack. Instead they've hybridized the worst parts of BL 1 and 2 into one fairly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ package. This is coming from someone with 500+ hours in 2, and currently sitting at 70 in this.Pros first:The low gravity combat is great, boosting/buttslams fit very well and just feel good to do. Melee specs play a mech-like dodge air game.Playable characters all feel very different and have interesting skill trees/actions skills. More legendary drops while levelling.Halloween event is neat and was rather unexpected.Cons:Low gravity isn't on in some areas, which makes you play a lot differently.Dots received a huge damage buff, and lategame enemies have tons of lasers (high proc chance and dot damage), so you frequently find yourself dying a few seconds after the last enemy.Area design is a lot worse. There are fewer areas and only one real hub (which is stacked deep with quests all throughout the game). Lots of backtracking through it, which isn't interesting or comparable to the progression in Bl2. Areas are more monochromatic and a lot less interesting to be in, much like in Bl1.Droprate was buffed in vending machines and there is a horadric cube type random crafting system. Presumably to compensate, a lot of legendaries drop from one time encounters. This means you're faced with: Saving all quests with a unique mob until after you beat playthrough 2, making backups of your saves to farm them repeately, using backups to farm the grinder till you get what you want, or worst of all playing Vending Machine Farming Simulator 2015.Non-respawning one time bosses: as mentioned above, more or less every unique mob encountered on a quest does not respawn, and they all seem to have unique head/skin drops or a legendary in their loot pool. This includes most sidequests as well as the first, and third to last story bosses.  This is a common complaint on both official forums, reddit, twitter, and in streams/from streamers or YT guys and has not been  acknowledged by 2k/2k Australia.Tied into the above, the low number of quests. There are fewer sidequests than either previous game, and in order to maintain level parity in TVHM you have to do basically all of them. This sucks because it means either you don't save quest drops/farmables for 50, you grind mobs for hours to keep up, or you have fun being severely underlevelled. Especially near endgame the story quests jump ~4-5 levels in requirement and mob level, so you go from being 41-42 fighting lv 43-44 mobs to the last story quest being 48, with lv 49 mobs and a boss at 50. Its unforgiven and grindy due to how ineffectual personal healing is outside of using Moxxi's Probe.Buggy launch: Based on Bl2s launch you had to expect some balance issues and bugs. TPS is a lot worse, and has some legitimately gamebreaking ones. People are having all equipment wiped from savefiles, any talented buffs are wiped by entering a vehicle, and random CTD is becoming a familiar friend.Less pending DLC support: This applies more to people who bought the season pass after the strong support from Gearbox for Bl1/2. 2k has indicated the intent to release *one* campaign, s opposed to the 3/4 eleased for previous games. This may prove to be ill-founded or they may scale it up, but as it stands I already regret buying the season pass.This last bit is subjective, but I feel the writing is a lot worse as well. It gets some cheap laughs by riding the jokes and NPCs from the previous games very directly, but offers almost nothing new or interesting. The decision to stick the story between the first two limited what they were able to do, and they did not excel within those constraints.At the end of the day its an okay game, if a pale shadow of the predecessor. It feels like a cashgrab from the publisher (Gearbox was a consultant in development, but the game was made by 2k Australia and outsourced parts to several other studios). It is definitely not worth the full AAA title asking price. I'd pick it up on sale, and wouldn't buy the season pass unil they've released enough DLC to make it worth 30."
,Recommended,261640,13007624,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,max.,"Been on sale longer than a DFS sofa.Good game, not as good as the first 2 however.9/10"
76561197975617452,Not Recommended,261640,12817764,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,mayorjimmy,"The writing is still♥♥♥♥♥♥  You can tell Anthony Burch had a hand in it because everyone is gay.  The campaign is massively shorter than 2 which leads me to believe they're counting on DLC to fill in the gaps.  Claptrap is just plain unplayable.  The ""legendary"" items aren't.This was just a whole lot of lazy fail."
76561198069840263,Recommended,261640,20908226,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,transvestite from Transsexual,Good game.
,Not Recommended,261640,17500741,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,PewPewSkittles,"I am appalled by this game, which is so far disparate from its predecessors as to not have the right to the title of Borderlands.All of the characters are stronk womyn with colored hair and all the male characters are brutish dumbasses. I played through this. The first lady you encounter in the game is a lesbian and the first boss fights are, you guessed it, brutish dumbass guys trying to restrict her access to the surrounding area because they were rejected by Mrs. Lesbo. I played through this. And then Torgue pops in at random and asks her out. He is rejected. He cries ""Friendzoooooned!"" And then, from the perspective of the future, Torgue interrupts Athena to say that ""I was in a really dark time back then and I want you to know that I am aware that the concept of the 'Friendzone' is an unacceptable, mysoginistic view of women."" I had to stop right there, because my disgust for this game's obvious pandering to sjws had crossed the tolerable threshold.This is coming from the series that previously had Tiny Tina alluding to how dolls strapped to rockets had gratuitous sex and all that, this is coming from the series that seemed to give no ♥♥♥♥s about any convention (and that irreverence was epitomized by the psychos, who we don't see in the pre-sequel at all).To go from that to writing all the characters as lesbian snowflakes and making the game a platform for sjw ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... I'm disgusted.I should have listened. Even though I only spent $10 on it during a sale... I should have listened."
,Not Recommended,261640,13427445,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,emeradu splashii,"First of all, i'm very disappointed about this game, heres why(SPOILERS INCLUDED):-Really short playthrough-Alot of plot holes (random creature at the end- it didn't appear at all in BL2)-Glitchy (enemies running into the wall, repeating dialoge..etc)-Sometimes the network connection is really wonky (it broke my friend's game causing her to redownload the game again)-End game boss was underwhelming and somewhat easy to defeat-Too rushed storyline-Very anti-climatic-Less humor-Characters are more tense (except claptrap)-It's weird how claptrap is the only who doesn't need the O2, and in my opinion it's a little unfair to other people who are playing a different character-Very hard to navigate through the map-Less areasGood Things(yay):-New mechanics (buttslams, boosted jumps..etc)-New guns-New characters/NPCs-Moonstones are easier to obtain (based on our experience in BL2 with eridium)This game was kind of a rush, the storyline was too short and obvious and it had it's good moments but it was alot less compared to BL2. If you are planning to get this game, you should wait until it's at a more reasonable price because the price right now... I don't think it's really worth your money. I would give this game a 5/10."
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,261640,12690298,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ToxicKookie,"As much as I had hoped this wouldn't just feel like an overpriced DLC, that's exactly what it turned out to be.I'd estimate that around 60% of everything you see during the game are reused assets from BL2.  Which boils down to the fact that they did half the work and want a full $60 for the game for just the base game.  Ammo venders reuse all of Marcus' lines from the previous game, all Hypyrion New-U stations reuse the lines from the previous game, there are a miniscule amount of new designs for weapons, and most textures are ripped directly from BL2.It's of a respectable length.  I clocked in at 25 hours for my first playthrough with all side quests completed.Story is rather lackluster.  Not particularly exciting.  The writing is below average.  While the humor was less handicapped than BL2 (The curse of Burch), it was mostly miss with only a few hits and laugh out loud moments.The glitches are extensive and catastrophic in the first two weeks since launch.  They include having your entire inventory wiped randomly, leaving only your badass rank and level intact.  Some people suffer constant crashing.  Some people have their entire system restart.  Low gravity and poor collision detection cause loot to fly off the map or through walls.  Being hit with cryo weapons can cause you to become permanently slowed until you restart the game.  It's been two weeks and there is no patch in sight, and the ""hotfixes"" have not fixed ANY of the aforementioned issues.While the gameplay felt reasonable solid playing as Nisha or Athena, Wilhelm's action skill is strictly ""release drones and let them fight for you"" and Claptrap is broken and only of any use playing co-op.Bottom line would have to be that I would have been content if it had released at $30, but at $60 it feels like a cash grab that wasn't as good as either of it's predecessors, and took half the work to make. It's worth playing but not at current cost.  Wait until a Game of the Year edition comes out.  In the meantime you're not missing enough to shell out full price."
,Not Recommended,261640,12887981,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Aurin,"Disappointing. The quality of supporting characters is poor (Pickle = the Jar Jar of borderlands), the dialogue is unengaging at best, jimmy rustling at worst. The player characters are well made dialogue wise, skill wise, etc. (except claptrap.), and the plot isn't terrible.Jacks ""character development"" is shaky, as he just seems to go from 0-60 evulz past the first level, and the continuity of the series is stretched a bit, particularly in Lilliths, Rolands and Moxxis involvement in the story, which would logically affect how jack treats them in bl2, however in bl2 he treats them as minor annoyances. Equally, how Lillith treats jack in pre sequel is completely counter to how she does in bl2.Weapons are mediocre, being exactly the same manufacturers (they even didn't change the word ""Bandit"" to ""scav"" in the game files), lasers are badly balanced, cryo is pretty much just a rehash of slag with a little immobility added, and oz kits are just relics but with a timer that counts down to you dying. There are two vehicles in the game, one is a reskin of the Runner from bl2, and the other is just the Manta from UT3. The only difference is that the Manta from UT3 is actually elegant wheras its copied counterpart handles stupidly and its own jump and butt-slam gimick is clumsy and ineffective.The sexuality of the characters was very, very forced. I started to take shots every time Janey Springs announced she was a lesbian, just in case we'd forgotten. On the subject of gender politics, male characters were shown to be homophobes, lonely creeps, or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s more often than not. When compared to the female characters who are shown in a much, much better light, it leaves a little bad taste in your mouth, which didn't help me to overlook the previous flaws.Finally, as the game starts from the end of BL2, it's impossible to play either game in any order, without getting spoilers for the other game, so anyone deciding to play in chronological order (Borderlands, Borderlands Pre-Sequel, Borderlands 2) is gonna have spoilers for BL2, and anyone playing in release order (Borderlands, Borderlands 2, Borderlands Pre-Sequel) is gonna have spoilers for Pre-Sequel.Best aspect of this game? The mapping for Helios Station was incredibly refreshing, the interior and exterior aspects.Worst aspect of this game? The first boss. It tries to go with a ""So bad it's good"" vibe ""(Kill this guy ^)"", but it's just lame."
,Not Recommended,261640,12503575,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,▓▓▓▓._phrozen-.▓▓▓,"worse game ever. dont play this game unless you use aimbot hack or money hacks. the game need to fix the gun accuracy and leveling system, and the moonstone ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. 3/10, 3 points for graphic."
76561198006692008,Not Recommended,261640,12496932,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,After Pie,"Wait? why the ♥♥♥♥ did i pay 60 bucks for an expantion?...its the same ♥♥♥♥ing game as BL2 except with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ classes, where is the 60 bucks worth of content? and then u want me to pay another 30 bucks for the dlc of the 60 dollor expantion?!?! ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,261640,17654243,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Trogdor,Really fun game but I liked BL2 better.  The dialogue isn't as good as the first game but it was awesome seeing things from Jack's perspective before the BL2 story took place.  He was my favorite personality from both games.  There aren't enough enemy types for liking.  After playing BL2 I came to expect many more varieties so I got tired of killing the same enimies over and over again.  Claptrap was pretty fun to play as.  The randomness of his special ability keeps you on your toes and makes you think if you really need to use the skill right now or not.
76561198084147394,Recommended,261640,14469935,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Spooky Aptomedia,Amaziing game 10/10. Even if you don't have any friends that play it it is still 10/10. (If you want to play with me add me on steam).I had a lot of fun playing this game for my 60 to 70 hours of playing and i have to say it was quite an adventureous game. I don't know why people say negative things about the game at all it was fun even hard at some points of the game which made me have to grind a little. But i hope they will make more DLC for this game soon it was a fun experiance playing it and i hope all of you guys had fun or are going to have fun also.
,Recommended,261640,13153134,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Taco,2nd BEST BORDERLANDS!!!!! ..... I like 2 better
,Recommended,261640,13789757,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,daddy's big toblerone,"I'm going to be disgustingly critical with this game, in only the best effort to sound and thorough.Compared to BL2, this game is akin to that of another DLC. It's ridiculously short, story wise. and everything else wise. I can load up BL2 and find things that are totally new to me, while in this, nothing is new. After about 4-5 hours one can effectively complete every single quest in the game, and take out the ""hidden"" bosses with relative ease. Honestly, the only reason I actually load up this game anymore is because of the new ""Claptastic Voyage"" DLC, which I'll get into in a second.The humour, has been utterly destroyed. Honestly, the only thing that remotely makes me laugh at this game anymore is when Racist Hot Dog appears. That's about it. The story itself is pretty meh. You arrive, and just as quickly, you leave. Sudden surprise enemy ""oh no gotta kill that ♥♥♥♥♥ with no backstory!!!!1111!"" is the quickest trope. (I mean, yes there are scattered Echo logs about Zarpedon, but they don't reveal who she is or her background, only that she works for Dahl, and that she used to operate the ship that the Bosun has now taken over.) You then find Janey Springs who is a homosexual. She helps the character throughout. She is also a homosexual. She resides in Concordia with her own shop. Did I mention she was a homosexual? This is honestly how her character feels to have been introduced. Flatly, she's a flat homosexual, who's only real character trait, is that she is a homosexual. You meet the Merrif, who spoiler alert, is a traitor!!!111!!11 ZOMGNOWAI?! What a curveball! Then, the defining moment in whether or not I believe this is a good story or not, you meet Felicity. Poor ♥♥♥♥in' Felicity, man. If I ever met a character that didn't deserve what happened to them, it is Felicity. Felicity, who in an actual decent curveball, turns out to be an AI unit, who runs the Drakensburg, and who also ran it when Zarpedon was in control. She has a very fond dislike for killing, and all she wants is to be copied. That's apparently too much to ask. Poor Felicity, my god did you not deserve that. No one does. That is why this story does not sit right with me. Borderlands is a roughly light-hearted game. That, and for lack of better words, is describable only as ""entirely ♥♥♥♥ed up."" It doesn't belong in a Borderlands-esque setting. I mean, ""yeah we're trying to prove that jack is ♥♥♥♥ed up here blah blah blah"" but Jesus christ that wasn't necessary. Killing Gladstone and his buddies were more than enough to prove that point, but honestly that may just be me. Though, they did manage to kill off the only character with any sort of depth whatsoever. Speaking of Gladstone, you're then tasked to help in the manufacturing of the first ""constructor"", or murdered Felicity. You're sent on a quest to do the single most annoying thing on the planet, and that, is to damage multiple enemies without them dying. Overleveled? ♥♥♥♥ you. Powerful weapons? ♥♥♥♥ you. That's honestly how this quest feels. In an effort to ditch this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ quest, I managed to break one of my saves. Gr8. The game ends with you storming Helios and taking it back and blah blah blah generic plot♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also, Moxxi tries to kill you. That twist is commendable, though virulently hinted at through the last couple segments. It's also hilariously obvious if you have any sort of technological knowledge at all. BUT!!!!!11111!!11 because there needs to be a raid boss, theres an open vault and you go and kill the big scary monster and Jack sees the vault thingy and gets his face burned and blah blah blah. THE END! Honestly, it's a 7/10 story. Better than what most major companies make nowadays.The graphics are the same, which sits pretty with me. Borderlands is a sobel shaded game, and it's pretty cool what they manage with it.The weapons are one of the highlights. Now, I can use my favorites from 2 again. You want new ones? Nah, ♥♥♥♥ that. LASERS!!!!!! Which, is a cool addition, just lazy if you're going to not add new weapons.DLC!Why, oh why, did the Devs decide, ""YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE GREAT? MORE VAULT HUNTERS! YOU'RE SAYING THE GAME LACKS CONTENT? MORE CHARACTERS!"" I mean, yeah they're cool and all but they have no depth. Timothy has slight depth but other than that they're all as flat as a board. Aurelia is shunned by Hammerlock because she kills things. How sad. She's rich though. The skillsets for these characters are nice though, and I don't have much to bicker at. I have to say that Aurelia is a really well done sniper class, though I may be biased because she's what I main.Speaking of the vault hunters... they're all great. But, yet again, lack of development hinders them greatly. The continuity is nice, with them all being some part of BL2, but other than that, eh. Claptrap has character, only because he's been in all three games thus far.Claptastic Voyage.Something that FEELS like Borderlands. FINALLY. I honestly have nothing really to gripe about except for one thing: That last boss fight is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198048551690,Recommended,261640,15293574,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Zepha,"If you have played Civ BE then that is what I would equate this to. But you probably haven't because they have, like, nothing in common. So, here is the really the only problem. IT'S A GOD DAMN RE-SKIN OF BORDERLANDS 2! There I said it. If you like Borderlands 2 then buy this game, just not for $60 USD. It's worth $30 USD max. The story is pretty much the same, the characters are pretty much the same. Think about this, in Borderland 2 there was Axton wo could throw down 1 turret on the ground to be BFF's with. Now with Wilhelm you can get TWO flying turrets. For $60 USD. I recommend this game on the condition that the price goes down. Way down."
76561198140210702,Recommended,261640,13842739,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Knight_Who_Says_Ni,This game is great! If you like taking your time and shooting everything you see then this is your game!
76561198034156159,Recommended,261640,13340246,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,King_of_Spain,"Space Austrialia!It's like the other Borderlands games.  If you liked them, with the bugs, random loot, and humor then you'll like this one.  The gravity and air mechanic is interesting.  Snipers are still way more useful than any other team member but at least there's different ways to snipe (revolver, sniper, laser).Co-op is fun, and they've fixed the problems with Mac and PC compatibility.  I can't comment on the community since i'm just playing with friends."
,Recommended,261640,12840943,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Johnnaras21,"I am a bit dissapointed because i am a big fan of borderlands series and this game is too small for borderlands game in the 2nd borderlands i finished the game after 45 hours only in normal mod and in this one in 32 hours i have finished normal mod and 80% of the TVHM, BUT the new playing style is very intresting and fun with all those lasers and huge jump slaps and it's woth playing with friends.7/10"
,Recommended,261640,17087980,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,bethecoconut,"Borderlands: The Pre Sequel is definitely a fun experience. Overall, the game is well made and I really can't stress how entertaining it is. But, is it worth the price tag? The blunt answer is no. Luckily I did not pay full price and got it bundled with the season pass for $20. $20-30 is the most this game should've asked for. While it has quality content there isn't much. The story itself takes maybe 15 hours at most. The world is much smaller, the story is shorter, less sidemissions and fewer interesting personalties than in Borderlands 2. The vertical leveling was also quite annoying and made finding your way around or find missions or mission objectives a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥The story is pretty solid, with some entertaining bit sprinkled in and a few returning faces. The huge problem I had with the story was I didn't have any sense of urgency. In BL2 you feel this urge to defeat that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Handsome Jack who is threatening Pandora. In BLPS you can't really get that connection to any of the ""villains"". Zarpedon is the closest you get to that and she really isn't an intrecate part of the story. You might hear her shout something to her soldiers like ""Blow this up!"" or ""Stop him!"" but that's where it ends. Some of the plot is really confusing too. Why are we following Athena's point of view when you're not playing Athena? Even in multiplayer it will show Athena in cutscenes and not the entire group.The characters were okay. Janey Springs was well done, so was The Meriff, of course Crazy Earl and that little kid I can't really remember. I've heard a lot of people complain about Janey and they're usually sad sap loonies. There weren't an awful lot of characters and none of them really have anything terribly intresting about them unlike the ones from BL2 we all loved. The player characters were excently done though, and interact with Jack and other NPCs differently and actually talk. I thought the different abilities were pretty nice, escpecially the DLC ones. Enemies on the other hand weren't done so well. The scavs and lunitics really aren't as good as their raider and pyscho counterparts. They never really say anything intresting or have much variation other than charcter models.Other than that, the UI is basically the same, there's moonstones (which is basically eridium), laser weapons which are pretty cool, Australian accents everywhere, butt slamming, cyro weapons and Mad Moxxi.Don't buy on full price, wait for a sale and you won't regret it."
76561198037511728,Recommended,261640,16372960,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Anti-Sponge,meh its pretty good for what it is a really really lazy job
76561198039063108,Recommended,261640,18373269,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,StarmanRJK,I thought this game was decent. I really felt the reptition from the previous games. I wrote a review for it -https://xenoearthbound.wordpress.com/I would recommend this game to people to really liked the previous games.
,Recommended,261640,13407138,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ｒｅｌａｘ,"An honest and short review for Borderlands Fans...This game is enjoyable and fun, you got new features and items like:-Laser Weapons-Grinder-Oz Kits-Double Jump-Low GravityThat will make you feel good in a new Borderlands game, which is awesome!When you start to play the game you enjoy at some point, after you beat the game you will get stuck with only 1 raid boss! Which means this game has no endgame like Borderlands 2. It's lack out of content:- Small Maps.- No Rare Monsters- Like Chests monsters, Rank up Monsters etc...- No Loot Midgets.- Only 1 Raid Boss.- Few Side Quests.- No Side Maps- that's not for story line but for side quests.- Small Bosses aren't repeatable.- Specific Legendary Items drop only from specific ""not repeatable"" bosses.- Short Game.( I will not mention any bugs! though there's some annoying ones, every new game starts with bugs)In other words, currently the game is short and no content, this is not the Borderlands we used to love!If you want to compare The Pre-Sequel to Borderlands 2- New release to a new release= Borderlands 2 release was way better than Pre-Sequel, with alot more content and endgame.Final review is 7.0Still, i recommend The Pre-Sequel but not now of course! If you love Borderlands games just wait until there's more DLCs in this game. You better play the ""endless"" Borderlands 2 instead."
76561198031674735,Recommended,261640,13527371,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ransoms,"This game has been great. I have loved all of the Borderlands games and actually went back and bought the first one after my first play-through of this one. I love the humor and visual style. They tell a great story in a funny fashion. The gameplay is great. Working on my True Vault Hunter now, can't decide what to do next. Always down to play with people."
76561198136670320,Recommended,261640,19517333,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gwen Poole,"I feel like this game doesn't get as much credit as it should. It's a funny action packed adventure co-op that will keep you playing for hours. If you like the Borderlands francise, I highly recommend this game."
76561198019139657,Recommended,261640,13831534,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Armed & Hammered,EXPLOSIONS!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,19512762,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ginny,jack plz.
,Recommended,261640,19878045,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The OEK,"The Borderlands series is one of the best series I have played. The story and humor in these games are top-notch. Pre-sequel has a lot less content than the second game but it introduces new mechanics such as the gravity slam and oxygen system. Also, like the previous games, you would appreciate the integration of the single player and multiplayer save files as well as how you could play this game offline and online."
,Recommended,261640,20059569,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jtkirby,"This game is my favorite of the three Borderlands games, but I still do not know why the dlc Claptastic Voyage's ending makes more sense than the main game's."
,Recommended,261640,20328472,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,HandsomeBachelor,"I like Borderlands more as a franchise than this game in particular. The style and playstyle are fun and captivating. That being said, this is almost exactly the same game as borderlands 2. WHich if thats what you're looking for it is great, but if you are hoping for something different or changes to features you will be disappointed. The changes are minor yet clunky. The gravity thing is awkward and is not a part of the game when it would be most useful. Lasers replace slag weapons in a way, but still have unique elemental effects. I mainly got this because I lost borderlands 2 and didn't want to rebuy the same game so it works in that regard. I'm hoping the play style will flow better once my steam controller shows up and I can play it on my big ole TV"
76561198000463483,Recommended,261640,20221091,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Aardvark,"Some new mechanics, weird Australian coliquilisms and (with the exception of Claptrap) medicocre characters.  Not as much of an adventure as the first two installments and waaaaay too short.5/10"
,Recommended,261640,15009781,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,bredy,I don't know about this game. It is a good game with great gameplay and a big element in the Borderlands series. The problem is that the gameplay is exactly the same as Borderlands 2 and it ends up feeling like expensive DLC
76561198079513864,Recommended,261640,20533799,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gokottah,"Of course the game does not live up to Borderlands 2, but once you create such a game like that it is impossible to live up to the hype created by the predecessor.Admittably, the homey borderlands nostalgia does not strike as much as the second addition, the world feels a bit lacking, and a first playthrough left me feeling slightly offput. However after coming back to the game, i found myself quite happily playing through all over again.  To anyone who has played Borderlands 1 or 2, i strongly reccomend this game to you. Although it is a bit lacking in charisma, the gameplay is fabulous, and the enviroment is one of a kind.Pros:                                      Cons:-Gameplay is superb             -lacking in humor, and nostalgia-Wonderful enviornment      -Not enough content-Valuable storyline               -Bland NPC dialogue-Unique expirience               -Not much good DLC produced-polished features from bl2Regardless of whether it seems like a let down, it is an enjoyable playthrough."
,Recommended,261640,21016723,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,cyanide ☠,BEST GAME EVAR
,Recommended,261640,21097233,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,RELLiCK,"It's fun, but it's not Borderlands 2. Don't expect this to be as good as Borderlands 2...It's a good game, just not a great game. I guess one of its main flaws is that its predecessor was a masterpiece.The story is pretty bad for almost the entire game, but the ending makes up for it tho.The level design is bad... like pretty bad... you might get pretty mad sometimes.Vehicles are still buggy. Terrible and unimportant bosses in the game, with the exclusion of the last boss fight(s). Loot is pretty bad, but they made a new system: you get a GRINDER in which you combine 3 weapons (of the same quality) to get a better weapon.The classes are very fun, it really feels like they invested a lot of time in developing their action skills and talents.I'm afraid the characters don't have as much personality as the main characters did in the previous games.I played the first Borderlands game for about 150 hours (PS3+PC), Borderlands 2 for about 260 hours (PC), I like this game series a lot, but I was as bit disappointed by BL:TPS.7.0 - Play it if you enjoy the Borderlands universe and story. It could've been better, feels like they rushed the production..."
,Recommended,261640,20920095,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Thotimus Prime,1.Installed Borderlands the pre-sequel2.Made character3.Joined game on final mission4.Waited for boss to be killed5.Stole best gun6.Leave7.Laugh at rage messages8.Do it again11/10 would loot again
76561198058774643,Not Recommended,261640,14182296,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mikeyrcks,"Bug made game unfinishable. Joined buddies game and tried returning to my own with no way to finish quest that needed the scav-tp to open door, but no way to talk to him or redo quest. Hey 2k, can i have my money back?"
,Recommended,261640,19850062,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Foggy,"Not as fun as borderlands 2, but still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,261640,20250689,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Space Patrol Luluco!,Great game
,Recommended,261640,20342284,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kobe Mooseknuckle,21 dollar borderlands 2 dlc
,Recommended,261640,20652645,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,IMGNight,OMG Such a good game
76561198049910777,Recommended,261640,20245986,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Filthy,fun dlc overall.. enjoy it so far... level design is disgusting..i feel like the devs didnt really give a ♥♥♥♥ in that department.
,Recommended,261640,12793864,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Killjoy,"Now, I have to make something clear. You really get the most out of this game if you have played Borderlands 1, General Knoxx DLC, Robot Uprising DLC and Borderlands 2 GOTY. In a way, this is a fan service game. It's filled with jokes and characters that you can really only understand if you are a fan of the series.I played this for  the story, and frankly, it's great. Even though the game takes place before Borderlands 2, it's told in a way that it still kinda extends the story forward. There are, of course a lot of fan favourite characters, as well as few new ones. The new ""replacement"" for Scooter, Janey Springs is probably the one you interact with the most and I have to say, she is one of the best written characters in the series. Overall, the writing is fantastic, funny and fits the universe perfectly.The gameplay, however, has a few problems. The zero g combat is fun, lasers are fun, oz-kits are fun. Actually, all the new additions are simply great. Even though the game is still basically an extension of Borderlands 2, it's fun and works very smoothly. There is this sort of flow, which makes the game feel weirdly serene. The problem is not really in the new additions, it's in the pacing.There is a lot of running around. Some of the side quests are quite boring and require you to use hours and hours just travelling back into places you've already been numerous times. Now, this is a problem only if you are a completionist like me, and you want to do every single quest in the right order. If you just care about the story and the gameplay, it's gonna be no problem, but I felt really frustrated in the final few hours, when the game spammed long♥♥♥♥♥side quests, when the story started to get intense.But that aside, I found Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel an enjoyable RPG Shooter that really expands the Borderlands IP well. The game gives a background and answers for a lot of questions from the first two games. A must have for a fan of the series. If you are new? You should play the previous games first."
,Recommended,261640,15296263,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rage Kage,"How did I forget to review this game that everyone hates? Oh yeah...Borderlands 3 it ain't. But so what? You're on the moon, you're shooting lasers, and maybe you're experiencing what some might refer to as ""child-like wonder and fun"". The game is way smaller than BL2, but the moon is a small sattelite of Pandora after all. The story has references to Borderlands 1 and 2 alike, and ties them together really well. But we don't play Borderlands for a thoughtful story, and the amount of time it takes from the already-smaller gameplay detracts a lot from replay value. I like to refer to it as a nice dessert, if Borderlands 2 was a meaty entre. You can't enjoy a lot of it like you would with the main course, but it's nice to treat yourself sometimes.I recommend grabbing a few friends and making this your fallback game. Not because teamwork is essential (or even important), but because you shouldn't take this game too seriously. As the great Barney Stinson says, ""New is always better"""
76561198097721185,Recommended,261640,18210901,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ellesig2021,"Having completed this game I feel like some of the reviews didn't quit touch on the reasons why this game is worth geting yet lacking in some areas.  I agree with the other reviewers that the side quests are garbage.  I didn't even bother shooting for completion because they were so unengaging.  The grinder was a pretty good idea but since you level so fast you end up realizing the purples and blues you tried to save to grind are uselessly too low in level to do you any good.  So unless you have a ton of keys saved up to use at level intervals you can't really take advantage of that system.  If only you could use mythril or money to ensure the resulting weapon came out on your level, otherwise you end up grinding just for the badass points.The moon is full of austrailians and oddly enough anyone who is an Aussie is not very well written or directed.  The jokes are very simple and with observations that are too on the nose with no nuance and so the jokes fall flat every time. Whenever things are this mediocre I just imagine the person in charge was surrounded by sycophants that wouldn't tell them the truth, or honest criticism was not tolerated.   Saddly if they cut out all the Aussie characters, the game would be better.  I think Austrailians are cool, it's just that this game does them no favors.I played as claptrap so I didn't have to worry about air, I doubt that challenge would have added to my experience. The main borderlands cast are very well developed characters by now and are always on point.  So whenever you have to deal with them it's a joy.  Which is about 50% of the game.Without a doubt the highlight for me was the Claptastic voyage.  There are some pretty fun songs.  Mainframe being my favorite.  It is worth playing but you'd probably want to ignore the side quests that don't involve anyone from the previous borderland games.  Get claptastic voyage dlc, it's the best!"
76561197984116717,Not Recommended,261640,16756500,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sckchui,"This game, unfortunately, is markedly inferior to Borderlands 1 and 2.  Despite using pretty much the same game engine and recycling much of the assets from Borderlands 2, the design of the enemies and levels just aren't at the same level of quality.  The combat rarely rewards careful tactics, instead often degenerating into disorderly brawls - not that this didn't exist in Borderlands 2, but in that game it was usually your choice how to engage the enemies.  Frequently, enemies don't spawn until you're in the middle of a room, then they spawn all around you, and the cover would be ineffective.  Maps are often confusing and lacking in distinctive landmarks.  Boss fights often take place in arenas that are awkward to maneouver or just entirely devoid of cover, again rapidly degenerating into clumsy brawls.  The story is irritating - you work for Handsome Jack, and he's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - but that is more or less constrained by the story laid down in Borderland 1 and 2.  The humour is, well, Australian.  If you like it, you like it.  If you don't, it'll annoy you.  The one redeeming quality is the final boss fight, which is the only part of the game that, for me, felt like the quality I expect from a Borderlands game - the one part of the game that received the care and polish deserving of the Borderlands franchise.Basically, what I'm trying to say is, go play Borderlands 2 instead."
76561198043132204,Recommended,261640,17799935,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Crowley,"I really feel like this game got rated a bit worse than it (in my opinion) deserves to be. Sure, it can't stand up to Borderlands 2. I really have to give them credit for trying though, they after all tried to recreate BL2 but with some new features.I believe that this game would be rated way better if it wouldn't have the shadow of BL2 above it. I really enjoyed the story and the gameplay is fluent and fun. Yet to anyone who struggles to decide: I would really recommend to pick up the 2nd installment rather than this, but I don't think you will regret buying this if your expectations aren't too high."
,Recommended,261640,14174191,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Brownpaperbag,"Seriously,  3 games ive played, lat 2 games (PSQ) are all char levelers..   prety ♥♥♥♥ing lame if you ask me,  bout to say dont buy and dont play, jfyi"
76561198132812456,Recommended,261640,21263066,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captanegan,"Everything with Borderlands in the title is perfect, this is no exception."
76561198008431954,Recommended,261640,26168315,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,#PlzStopSuck,This game is badass in 10/10 dimentions.
,Recommended,261640,15127582,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Yolo Swaggins,"great adition to the borderlands francise, even though i feel something is missing, like raids unique feeling as a unique and bosses who got some depth to them and dont use the same abilities over and over again"
76561198007938137,Recommended,261640,12962590,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gyllz,"It's Borderlands 2 with character dialog, lasers, and butt slams. All three are really awesome additions, but basically it's Boarderlands 2 with a few new thins and new (good) characters. So, if you want more Boarderlands 2 (like I did) then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,261640,15020759,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,[Nagatomo],Whats better than shooting midgets in the face?Shooting midgets in the face in low gravity.20/10Would shoot those midgets again
76561198104496586,Recommended,261640,15095751,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mohamed,"I don't tend to write reviews, but only writing this just to say that as of the recent update, many things changed. Most bosses respawn now except 1 or 2. One of those 2 is in the Holodome and the other one's loot table is added to the Empyrean Sentinel. (Other one is critical to the story and the area it is fought in cannot be accessed again)Many other changes that you're better off checking for yourself. And the new DLC is very good.But beware, this game is not and will never be as big as BL 2. Gearbox themselves said so."
,Recommended,261640,15014030,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,fonetik,Continues the Borderlands fun and gun recipe for... uh... fun and guns.
76561197963617887,Recommended,261640,15067976,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,titanxv,This is a really fun game to play solo or with friends
,Recommended,261640,15073419,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TheNedic,Borderlands the pre sequel was a fun game to play but it got really boring after finishing the game for the fifth time but im happy that the game makers keep adding downloadable content so its not so the game isnt boring after the story is complete.
,Recommended,261640,12945035,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,PastSin,"Overall a great game.It has a feel of Borderlands 2 with a mod aspect that is very hyper-realistic.Haven't invested many hours into yet, but so far I can see it being well worth the purchase.By the looks of things, I should be spending <$0.20 an hour after all is said and done.Great game.Detailed*""The game has you run back and forth constantly on missions, by the time you play it a couple times it becomes monotonous."" I spend most evening playing this when I decide to check out DLC for it, but lack further interest afterwards. Worth a play through if you find it on sale, doesn't encompass the extent of BL2's nicely constructed world/story/AI."
,Recommended,261640,15299675,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Th3Playa123,this game is great but they need to fix the down glitch(when you get down you cant see ecpect when you have no air)
76561198052639374,Recommended,261640,15466783,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,saukkse,"I can honestly say, that the pre-sequel has the best gameplay out of all the Borderlands games. Some could argue that Borderlands 2 is the best game of the series and in a way they would be correct. Story and overall progression wise Borderlands 2 is better and the environment is more diverse. But Pre-sequel takes every aspect of Borderlands 2's gameplay and makes it better. For example the skill trees in Borderlands 2 are way more unoriginal and overall stale than in the Pre-sequel.The loot drop rate is also handeld better. In Borderlands 2 I felt lucky if I found a blue loot and extremely lucky if I found a purple loot, and don't even get me started on legendary items. This issue is well solved in the Pre-sequel by making rare loot more common and with the introduction of the grinder. With the grinder you can grind loot you don't desire and get something more desirable.Of course there are issues with Pre-sequel. First even though the pacing right at the begining of the game is better than any other, putting you in the middle of an invasion, the rest of the game is paced extremly poorly. There are times when I don't want to start new characters or start on a new game +, because the begining of the game is extremly tedious. Also Legendary farming is difficult with some loot due to the fact that they don't have a specific boss they drop from.Overall The Pre-sequel beats Borderlands 2 in the gameplay section but otherwise Borderlands 2 is the better game. If you expect an epic story from this game you will be sorely disapointed, but should you just pick up this game with a friend and play it for the experience you wouldn't be dispointed. the game get's a solid 8/10. (also probably should wait for the game to go on sale, overall the games worth with ALL the DLC is about 40-50€)"
76561198041931823,Recommended,261640,15466146,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,akasharose,"Okay, I've been putting off this review long enough- but there's definitely quite a lot I want to say.I hear a lot of negativity about this game- saying it's the worst Borderlands game yet, that it should just be a DLC, and that it's not wroth any semblence of money- some people even claimed it was the worst Borderlands game of all time. Personally, I think the game is- in some ways- an improvement, and in others a step back. Let's start with the negatives.The worst part of the game is certainly level designs (this is in the main game). Every level seems to be 'moon with large metal building' or 'moon with blue sky' and my personal favorite 'moon with purple sky'. Levels seem repetive, and variation doesn't exist. The Claptrap DLC, on the other hand, is fantastic when it comes to environments, having some of my favorite level design in any Borderlands game. So, I'm blaming Austrailia for this point (Sorry, mates.)Second, the 'plot twists'. Though some of the plot twists were well handled, others seemed very AREN'T YOU SURPRIIIIISED! I know you're surprised, OH the plot twist. One of my personal favorite of these comes near the beginning (mild spoiler- go to the next paragraph if you don't want it) when you shut down the Jamming Signal on Elpis. You arrived, and go to talk to The Meriff. He avoids you, refusing to speak to you. He's very obviously part of the problem, as he stops you from leaving the town, and his speeches to the town are shifty at best. But then you learn (in Jack's worst performed line yet) that ""UGH! The Merriff's been working for Zarpedon the whole time? GAAAH!"" Real deductive, Jack. Reeeeally deductive. Overall, the story has some fantastic parts *cough* Zarpedon *cough* and some... less fantastic parts. Borderlands 2 wins on story by far (See profile picture of Angel for reference).My final complaint (don't worry, the review gets optimistic in a second), is the minus of killing off new characters. Two characters are introduced, and then subsequently killed in terrible ways. Though their deaths are fantastic, it gives the minus of them never giving us sidequests- the developers best way of showing us characters personalities and backstories. Pickle's ""Another Pickle"" quest, for example, or the infamous tea party in Borderlands 2. It doesn't make the quests as powerful as they could have been. But so it goes.Onto the optimism! Firstly, the characters. All six characters are fun to play, and none of them are unable to hold up at the max level. Characters work well together- Claptrap's boosts to reload speed work perfectly with helping Nisha and Timothy/ Jack to fire like there's no tomorrow, and there's definitely more exciting combos to come up with. There are very few pointless trees, and I actually prefer the selection to Borderlands 2.The biggest thing that made the characters come to life are the changing dialogue. Sure, each characters says the same basic idea, but just having the characters say things at all brought you into the experience. With those dialogue trees, we learned that Aurelia hates Roland's hat, watched Wilhelm become more and more of a monster, say Nisha and Jack's 'love' blossom, built up Timothy as one of my favorite Borderlands characters, got some serious feels with Claptrap, and then say the story from Athena's now protaginistic perspective. The game changed enough so that it rewarded a playthrough on every character- where I can't do another playthrough of Borderlands 2 alone.Control wise, the serious also improved. Double jumping is the best. The gameplay keeps energetic and alive the entire time, and gives movement a new importance that I can never seem to match in Borderlands 2. The Oz kit system is a bit annoying, and I wish the oxygen reserves gave a 25% warning rather than a 50%. But even if you do run out, the worst thing that happens is that you're unable to boost for a second, and then you stand on an air vent and you're fine in five seconds.Overall, I enjoyed this game quite a bit, and I'm likely going to continue levelling up characters and try and get these last two achievements (fricking Ghostbusting...). However, $60 dollars plus DLC price (American Style here) is quite a pretty penny- so I suggest waiting for a sale. It's a big name game on Steam, just wait long enough and you'll be fine. If you're rolling in dough up to you neck, though, no harm in dishing out all the cash. Or maybe handing some to me.Either way. The long short is, story is okay but nothing special, gameplay and characters are fantastic, and Jack's decent into Handsome Jack's awesome, Lilith's a prick and I hate her, Brick and Tina narrate True Vault Hunter mode and have a tickle battle, and it's not as bad a game as people make it out to be.Also there's a Space Jam sidequest. So we have that now.BASKETBAAAAAAAAAAAAAALL!"
,Recommended,261640,15103501,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FreshlyExpired *,"As a fan of Borderlands 2, I really enjoyed this game.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal's gameplay and interface is pretty much equal as Borderlands 2.Whats unique about this game is that it's in space and includes weapons that shoot lasers.The humor and story of this game is better understood if you've played Borderlands 2.It's a good game and is worth the price!"
76561197973131428,Recommended,261640,13424566,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Trapper=I3=,"Hell yes. Guns..explosions..more guns...more explosions...carnage at high speed. Don't care if people complain about it's the same old crap....it's borderlands, get over yourself and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and have fun with it. Great game as always."
,Recommended,261640,15805651,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Darkmagic,its a really fun game
,Recommended,261640,16405743,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The entire nation of Wales,"I heard that this game wasn't as good as the second, but so far, I'm loving it. Seems to be more story-rich when your character speaks to others. I really like it, and I would reccomend it to anyone, espescially those who liked the previous games. 10/10"
,Recommended,261640,16486335,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ReAcTe | Snusbolaget.se,Its just a awsome game ^^
,Recommended,261640,16490754,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,(>-^_^-)>Sahnya<(-^_^-<),"Even for a Pre-sequel, I still loved the way they introduced new ways of playing as well as keeping the ol' same way at the same time. Feels good to me :) !!"
,Recommended,261640,13646174,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,friedchiken77,"If you like borderlands then this is it at its finest. More of everything you loved from the last two games, but with moon jumps :)Grab it on a Steam sale and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,261640,13723611,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Maximus Decimus Meridius,"Pretty much Borderlands 2, seems like a DLC than an actual ""NEW"" game! Seems like 2K is trying to milk this series dry, the BEST thing about the Borderlands series is still the coop game play. MANY other game developers can learn alot from the 4 player coop drop in drop out that this game developer has mastered! With alll that said the game is still fun to play with friends. Still hoping for a BL3 that is more like BL1 and BL2."
76561198044577263,Recommended,261640,12890342,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,pmiley79,really good game not as good as boderlands 2 wascounld bebetter with dlc coming out hopfurlly
76561198067169213,Not Recommended,261640,14219575,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Action Sloth,"Only buy if you are a diehard fan of the series and have friends to play it with. For me playing this game has been a drag. Gameplay and mechanics are the same as BL2 and that doesn't bother me - BL2 gameplay was solid enough that it carries well into this game. But the pace, game length, loot system, and in general what was promised to us just didn't deliver. The Pre-Sequel has moved far and away from the space-western that was the first game and just feels smaller than the previous two games. BL2 was 25~ chapters compared to the Pre-Sequel of 17~. The majority of sidemissions are some variety of fetch quests. The new moon cast is largely fogetable, and there is the 'apperance' of Marcus (what, you couldn't come up with an alternate moon arms dealer?). The attempt to spice up the combat in the Pre-Sequel was done lazily - adding more bandits and monsters to fight doesn't change that the AI is terrible and predictable (the flow of combat came to the point where I could predict which cover the enemy would lock into and which side they would pop out of). Character dialogue is increased but its not streets ahead of BL2. An unimaginative end game raid boss. The list goes on. But my main gripe now comes with the latest DLC, Lady Hammerlock. Bear in mind its not her as a character I object to, its the fact that the 3rd DLC is another character class.Track time, the first 3 DLC for each game:BL1: Docter Ned's Zombie Island (expansion), Secret Armory of General Knoxx (expansion) Miss Moxxi's Arena (arena)BL2: Mechromancer (character) Captain Scarlett and the pirates booty (expansion) Mr. Torgues Campaign of Carnage (expansion)BL TPS: Handsome Jack (character) holodome Onsalught (arena) Lady Hammerlock (character)Three DLC's in and the game hasn't gotten bigger, just the cast of characters.The only thing I can guess that the Pre-Sequel did right is make the loot system not force you to keep swapping new guns every single level, allowing you to enjoy a gun for a handful of levels at least. It just feels as if the Pre-Sequel was handed off to a less capable team - sure they tried their best but their best wasn't good enough."
,Recommended,261640,14438116,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Nekst,CLAPTRAP IN SPACE WITH GUNS enough said. 11/10
76561198157554517,Recommended,261640,14471690,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Beever,Brilliant
,Not Recommended,261640,14471913,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,evenstar40,"I simply cannot recommend this game any longer. The story was fun, but the whole point of Borderlands games is the loot. 24 of 26 legendaries were reskinned/renamed from BL2, that is unacceptable for a $60 game.PIck it up at $25 and under, for that pricepoint it's a fun little ride. However, I've played $10 games with more originality and fun."
,Recommended,261640,13053894,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[iO] Echo136,Its Borderlands on the moon. If you've played Borderlands 2 then theres little to explain other than that. Its a great game with a lot of unique space to explore.
,Recommended,261640,29889109,Posted: 12 February,all,Dev,I didn't know that people who live on the moon are all Australian.7/10
,Recommended,261640,18927181,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Parkachu™ ♥ iLyFace,"so much to do, so little time! hours and hours of play!"
76561198045109507,Recommended,261640,13900942,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lil Broomstick,"this is a very well made game but like all great games there are flaws legendarys are either really rare of so easy to get you can find then off the bat.to that point if they are really rare you have to farm for them and some bosses that drop the best loot you can only fight once making it really hard to get good loot.i will have to say the gameplay is well made and greatly developed but unlike to other games were you could do the story and be coughbt up to in levels you NEED to do side missions in this one just to get past the story witch draws some people away.it may seem like this game is not good but im just telling you the things i think are wrong with it i cant even fit all the good things in this game in this reveiw box.I would say you could play these games in order and you would now everything about the series, so thats gets a yes in my book."
76561198046696823,Recommended,261640,13273569,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Feistykitten,"So, after playing absolutely tons of Borderlands 2, I was hopeful this was going to equal or exceed it - unfortunately, it did neither, falling far short of both. The humour seemed a little off and I never laughed out loud once. The missions also seemed to keep taking me back to the same area time and time again - at one point you go through a level, to get to another level, to complete an optional mission and then come all the way back again, only to get given another mission for the same place. Poor design? Maybe. Overall though, my biggest gripe with the game is what it has done to a couple of the well established goodly characters who at one point stand by and watch four peeps get murdered with barely a moan. A little consideration of canon and those same characters could have simply left the room first. But hey, it's Borderlands and does some stuff right. Lasers are cool, but roll on Borderlands 3. This one just feels like a wonky wheel. It gets you there but it isn't as fun a ride."
,Recommended,261640,12939544,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Zerf,"I like to give real reviews.This game is basically the same look and feel as borderlands 2 which upsets a lot of people but I believe that it is the story and content that makes a game good not new graphics and an updated hud. I finished the game on true vaulthunter on 3 characters so far and havent lost interest yet but I have noticed what seems to be a lack of easter eggs and pearlescent weapons which is a bummer because those were my personal favorite parts of the game. After I maxed out my characters I felt like I had nothing much to grind for but that could just be my playstyle.Pros:-Same old borderlands we love, new story that fills a lot of gaps from BL->BL2, new and old guns, great boss battlesCons:-Lack of end game content(?), pricey but destined to go on sale, Not as many baddies as in older games, feels more like a grind with what seems to be so few baddies, some characters in the story seem forced in and have no real role of importance but thats nbd.Overall If you love borderlands you'll love this game. Very fun to play overall which wins me over for any game almost"
76561198141515060,Recommended,261640,25467616,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Daniel J. D'Arby,Clap trap can walk up stairs.0/10
,Recommended,261640,19458662,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AzuraAcȩ̷̔̏̊̍ͧ͊́̚̕͞,Awesome Game!!!111
,Not Recommended,261640,13906783,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Player 2,"I would recommened this game if it were on sale, and you really REALLY liked the Borderlands series, and also like the effect that pops up every time your 02 kit activates.Otherwise it may be worth ignoring.It feels like less, there is a lot of chatter, we all know how the story ends.That said, you don't have to listen to this recommendation or recommened this recommendation to your friends."
,Not Recommended,261640,13815283,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Blawni,"Great game, but lacking too much content in the base game. Not worth 60 dollars for Advanced DLC for Borderlands 2. I'd wait till the game actually has a ton of dlc and does what Borderlands 2 did with their game of the year edition. Then thats when it'll be worth your time."
,Recommended,261640,28870595,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Axal,"When the game launched I heard quite a lot of negativity towards the game which led to myself delaying the purchase of it until one of the recent sales I finally got round to buying it and playing it. I don't remember what exactly everyone found negative about it and if the problems got patched but I don't have anything bad to say about the game.If you enjoyed Borderlands 1 or 2 I'd recommend getting The pre-sequel, I'd even say I enjoyed it more than the 2nd game (excluding DLC since I never bought TPS DLC)."
,Recommended,261640,20832371,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,namAehT,"Unlike the previous Borderlands titles, this game's side quests suck. It's still a fun game, but don't do sidequests unless they are given by characters that are part of the main questlines, since those are the only ones that seem to have effort put into them.All and all this game is amazing, I highly recomend doing some ini tweaks if your PC can handle it and the game looks absolutely amazing when you turn off the cell shading."
76561198096199223,Recommended,261640,17322933,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,NW Wildlife Zoidberg Jesus,10/10
76561198176782846,Recommended,261640,22071120,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Doubleg2000,good
,Recommended,261640,14771539,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,R0GUE,"Humor is good, just like the other Boarderlands games, but not quite as fun. I personally didn't like the low gravity or ground slamming. The new characters are fun to play though (I personally don't like claptrap, but thats just me)."
76561198059109583,Recommended,261640,22023228,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MrOuke,"As a huge fan of Borderlands franchise, I can only say that if you're like me and you're really into borderlands that much just get this game becasue I don't specifically hate a single aspect in this game... maybe that's just my opinion but still! I really love Borderlands and it would be a shame on my side if I haven't bought this, also just love the character designs and actually I think it's even better that in Borderlands 2. Oh and my favourite thing is that characters that you play as actually comment on the actually gameplay and that's really the thing I really love and think the future games could also has becasue in Borderlands 2 there was next to none of that and it was a huge lack for me."
76561198015204250,Recommended,261640,16417081,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Riley Freeman (papa bless),ClapTrap is a playable character 12/10
,Recommended,261640,25447754,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ale,BORDERLANS GAME ARE THE BEST
76561198142302680,Recommended,261640,14072545,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ｔｙｒｏｎｅ,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is FPS and a RPG filled with humor, gore, and lootThis game is too good to talk about, IT HAS EVERYTHING, weapons, jokes, side quest and great soundtrackThis game has a okay story with only a few missions, which is not good. But ii has TONS of sidequest and a slaughter pit called the holodome (DLC). There is a hell a lot of guns in this game and don't forget that low gravity♥♥♥♥♥♥ Butt slaming is too good, and the Handsome Jack Doppelganger is just too op. You can finish this game in like 15-25 hours. The bosses in this game are toooo easy.This game is my favorite game in a looooong timefinal score: 8.75/10"
,Recommended,261640,14873872,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,VINCENT,Really good game and I would strongly recommend this to everyone.  There are a few very noticeable bugs in the game but it is an amazing co-op game.  BUTT SLAM TIME!!
,Recommended,261640,23804368,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,♛ANGEL♛,Beautiful game. Absolutely worth the money.But much shorter then 2(
,Recommended,261640,24512801,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,"The borderlands games are of my favorites. You will have a hard time finding a game with a great story, funny content, and an unparalled cooperative game play that even holds a candle to this game. iIf you find yourself on this page, purchase this game!"
,Not Recommended,261640,16817753,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fab Washy,At first this game was phenmonal and I loved playing it as much as I loved playing Borderlands 2. But I was expecting a lot longer main story! Just from that I was very disappointed with the game and it barely took me a week to complete the game.
,Not Recommended,261640,14652531,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Booyah,"What's more to say that has not already been said?I guess I'll talk about the Season Pass, which feels like a waste. You play the game, you beat the game, you get items, and....I don't know, I feel that BL2 had more reasons to keep you coming back for more. This game? Not so much. DLC for this game comes far and few in-between...I have a feeling BL3 will be out before they add anything interesting to this game.For what feels like DLC, the game is not bad, but in my honest opinion, it's not worth $60.I'll also add that this game has put a sour taste in my mouth when it comes to season passes. For most games, season passes are not worth it; they're a complete ripoff.UPDATE 27JULY2016Wow...I still can't believe the price tag for the game + DLC (ahahahaha) is still $60+ after 2+ years...last addition of DLC content was 2014? Yeah, congrats on wasting your money if you bought the season pass..."
,Recommended,261640,16679123,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wiestika,"I just finished the Pre-Sequel after getting it in the Steam summer sale.  After hearing mixed reviews upon release I decided to wait on it even though I loved the first two games.  Now that I finished a single play through in 16 hours, I feel very happy overall about the purchase and wouldn't have minded paying full price, but I rarely do that for any game anymore.Pros:- Cryo weapons (and the Baroness addition).  I always liked Fire in the last two games, but Cryo is pure fun.  Freeze and shatter!- Butt slam!  This gets a bit difficult sometimes when you get jangled up on enemies, but the butt slam sure is entertaining.  Early on I found the O2 issues annoying, but once I got used to it the long jumps and butt slams became much more fun than traditional running and jumping.- Story is great actually.  Jacks back story and Athena getting some more story is awesome.  Makes for a good sensible entertaining storyline.- Grinder.  Even if I rarely get anything I actually like ... grinder fun.  He insults you while you grind.- Moxxi is still around being awesome.- Laser beam guns are badass.Cons:- Pickle.  Shut the f**k up!  Seriously this character was too much for me.  Meeethane.  I'll give 2k and co. a pass because they've made soooo many great characters (Tiny Tina is the best, Jack, Moxxi, even Patricia Tannis is pretty hilarious), but he is still a negative to the game overall.- 1 Legendary item for sale the entire first playthrough.  ONE.  No legendary items from chests or bosses.  I find that disappointing and a bit absurd.  I don't expect tons, but a couple here and there?- Final boss guy.  Didn't enjoy his over the top one shot me ability.  The bigger version was okay, just took awhile, but the first part you fight was just annoying to me.- Sparse.  What I mean is that I felt like half the time was spent running back and forth with minimal enemies.  I want hordes of midget shotgunners and psychos!  That is the most fun.- Pickle again.Overall, I would definitely recommend this if you like the series at all.  The first Borderlands is still by far my favorite, but 2 and the Pre-Sequel are both great follow ups."
76561198072173854,Recommended,261640,18668898,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bo Wyatt,"I think this is the best borderlands yet. the Oz kits are awsome, the actoin skills are better in this game than Bl2, (in my opinon,) the laser wepons are one of the best new things in the franchise. the only two problems are that there isn't really a endgame, where borderlands 2 had a great endgame with alot of raid bosses to farm. The last problem is that some unique enemies have legendary weapons in there loot pool only spawn once, for ex. the fatale is a legendary hyperion SMG, that can only be gotten once. But that really is not a problem with casual players who play one run of this game. Another new thing they added was a element named,""Cryo"". in this game, it replace's borderlands 2's,""Slag"" element. In my opinon, this a alot better than slag because cryo will freeze enemies in place, making them take more critical hit damage. That all the info I got. I give this a 10/10. the problems are few and far between. It would be nice they would add more Raid bosses thou."
,Recommended,261640,13436284,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TheMrCodith,"I was really looking forward to this game.  I played it pretty quickly, having finished the first playthrough a few days after it came it.  As much as I wanted to love this game as I did the first, and especially second game, I just couldn't.  The story is so short I didn't know I had reached the end of the game when I did.  To me, this felt like an incredibly long DLC for the second game.  It didn't feel like it had enough content to be a whole game on it's own, but more as a big expansion to the back-story of the second game.  The game is fun, however, just not for the price of $60.  I didn't encounter many glitches when I played the game like so many are saying.  I found 1 or two, but that is kind of expected for a game when it jsut comes out.  I don't know if it has changed, as I have not played it recently, but the glitches are not too bad.  I can't exactly put my feelings about this game into words, so I'll just leave the review at this.  In conclusion, don't buy this game at full price.  Buy it when it's at least 50% off.  You'll have a lot more fun knowing you didn't burn a giant hole in your wallet for a game that is just this mehhhhh."
,Not Recommended,261640,14427184,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Carbon Dog,"This game is honestly a bit of a let-down. If you paid $60 for this, you did not get your money's worth. This is essentially DLC length game that adds one or two gimmicks (laser, space jumping, frost weapons) .. ok 3 new things. It's really not as funny, creative, or memorable.I've played through the game twice and I am sick of Australian accents. Non of the supporting characters have anything fun or interesting to say. And there is little here in the way of innovation. The game suffers from pacing issues, big empty levels with nothing going on until you hit an essentially instant enemy spawn. The bosses are uninspired. The jokes are lame. There's just not much here to keep me coming back.Play Borderlands 2 instead. Play Tiny Tina's Dragon Keep Instead. Hell, I had more fun writing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review than playing the game in my last session."
,Recommended,261640,19121350,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Satan,"Short Review:A decent game with some cool additions from BL2. If you love Borderlands 2 - get it on a sale. If you have never played a Borderlands game get Borderlands 2 (GOTY). This game is for those people who want to know more about the Borderlands continuity. The story is no dissapointment!Full Review: (BL2 Spoilers are ahead)Story:Now, I have started 2 main playthroughs of this game, the first when I first got the game and my second which I have just completed today. The game revolves around a time after the first game and before the second - as the name suggests. The game gets off to a good start with a decent cutscene lining up our 4 main vanilla characters: Nisha, Claptrap, Wilhelm and Athena. We meet Jack who is a low level Hyperion programmer wanting to find a vault which the lost legion (Dahl) wants to keep a secret.The first mission is pretty decent in engaging us into the game. Then this is where the game gets really bad (for the meantime). Once you land on the moon, you are greeted by a beautiful yet barren landscape of Elpis. Janey Springs - a nearby engineer finds you and ends up asking you to do a few tasks for you until you get to Concordia - the Sanctuary of Elpis. You are met by Moxxi, Lilith, Roland, Earl, Nina (the doctor) and the Meriff. The story then progresses and starts to get a little bit better as time goes on. The next notably bad mission is the AI mission. Oh my is this a shambles. You arrive at this place seeking an AI to control a robot army or something (which was planned to assualt Helios). It becomes so stretched..... Go to this place, fight bandits........ Oh no, they have blown up the bridge....... Try to pour methane into the lava underneath to cool it.... Oh no, the methane has leaked; Go to a pumping station to fix this........ Oh no, the pumping station is not powered; find the power station........... and on and on and on. That I have to say felt like a low point in the story. Luckily, after that grind, things became a bit more interesting. There are a few anti climactic moments which I wont spoil and there are some amazing moments. I think the game really shines when you get off the moon and get back onto Helios.Helios is really well designed; great colours, design, enemies etc. It was great and this was where missions started to pace a lot better. The ending and transformation of Jack is amazing and we can feel why he turned evil - it was the people around him. We see the Jack at the start who wanted to save lives and the Jack at the end who wants to end lives. Whats also cool is that we also see in the credits scene Wilhelm turning into a machine, Nisha getting Lynchwood and Claptrap getting his memory wiped and finds the BL2 Vault Hunters. That continuity for me was so cool to watch. The story was also good in the respect that it made me appreciate BL2 a bit more. For example: When Jack poisons Wilhelm so that he is actually killable to the vault hunters in BL2. This makes Jack a lot more a barbaric person. He was able to basically kill the person who had gone through so much with him. It just adds to Jack in so many ways and there are more of these little things.Gameplay:The core game mechanics are basically the same from BL2. The only differences I guess are O2 kits instead of Relics, Lasers as a new gun type, cryo as an additional element and slag being removed for continuity purposes (slag weaponry was not developed at this time in the Borderlands universe). There is now an oxygen mechanic which ties into the jump boost, slam and vaccum/breathable atmosphere concepts - all of which are new. This has changed gameplay enough to make it feel fresh but not too much as to make it feel not-borderlands. Oh and I think I forgot about low gravity jumping but it is self-explanatory to be fair. You could argue it slows down fights though; where enemies will be floating slowly around.Also in terms of new creatures, there is not too many new and interesting enemy types and bosses can sometimes feel uninspired.A lot of guns are borrowed from BL2 but I guess it is fine, there is enough new weapons to keep it fresh.Graphics and Sound:Most objects do come from BL2 but are retextured. The moon itself is quite beautiful yet barren, in the first few hours you will just be running around. To be fair, it has about the same level of detail in textures as BL2 with the same art style: I am not complaining!Soundwise the game is fine, reusing alot of BL2 files. Marcus' vending machines for example use exactly the same clips from BL2. There is one main gripe though in terms of Science - sound does not travel in a vaccuum because there are no particles for it to travel through but whatever, it doesnt really matter. Voice acting is generally poor - for most of the inhabitants of the moon it sounds like the devs, 2K Australia, literally made the voices themselves. Most of the scav voices are horridly cliched, reused and unoriginal - the examples off the top of my head is Deadlift and those two bandit friends you meet in the story. Again this does not apply to all of them. The vault hunters, Moxxi, Jack, Lilith, Janey and all the other returning characters/voice actors are great - infact I enjoyed them quite alot.Conclusion:This game is driven by its story and specifically Jack. If you want more story and continuity to the Borderlands universe, get it on sale. If you want to check out Borderlands get Borderlands 2 and if you want more Borderlands 2, get it on sale. This game is good, but bad pacing brings it down in the first few hours. I do not believe this game is worth full price, with Borderlands 2 you will get more content and a more varied environment than in this game. In fact I didnt tell you about my two playthroughs, The first one I never completed, I just could never get past those few hours. The second playthrough, I forced myself to complete the story and I do not regret it, the last few story missions alone sell this game to me. If you disagree please in form me in the comments and we can have a constructive argument. Thanks for reading! (Damn that was long!)"
,Recommended,261640,15261360,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,praise the sun,"After 50+ hours of gameplay, plus another 60+ from offline mode, I decide to write a review on this game. This is based off my own opinion of the game.So, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a rather strange game, in the sense that it's developed more by 2K Australia than it was of Gearbox. That resulted in this game to be more ""Australian"", which is something I've noticed heavily during my multiple playthroughs. There are a significant amount of references to the Australian culture which, being a Norwegian man, I have no knowledge about and the story gets confusing because of that.Other than that, the game isgenerally entertaining at it's own level.The gameplay is decently smooth, with a challenging combat style involved. The enemies has gotten more elemental weapons, which can really change the pace of fighting, thus making the game slightly more difficult in fighting than it was in Borderlands 2, where only a few enemies had a competent elemental weapon. Along with combat, comes the slamming possibilities from oz kits, which is a part of changing the combat style significantly.What about the game's DLCs?Some people were surprised about how the DLCs came around. The first gameplay based DLC (First vault hunter upgrade pack) was a complete mess. The only real positivity around the DLC was the fact you could get more skillpoints. The Holodome Arena was a pretty bad release, as it was basically an arena where they re-used enemies and bosses and gave you a horrible rewards. The price of this DLC is, in my opinion, too high. However, despite the failed DLC, they saved a lot of people by bringing in the 2nd gameplay DLC, Claptastic Voyage. Explaining the origin of the franchise's most annoying and glorious character, CL4P-TP.So would I recommend the game?As I am a huge Borderlands fan, I will recommend the game. This, sadly based mainly on Claptastic Voyage. If you plan to do playthroughs, I recommend highly that you find a friend to join you, as the game can become rather boring on your own.I hope this helps you understand the game a bit more, despite my foolish attempts of writing a review."
,Recommended,261640,25399691,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zaotron,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel was a fun game.You can transition easily from Borderlands 2 into TPS, and feel right at home. Sure, it might mean that there aren't a lot of overhaul, and might even feel like just a DLC to some players. That being said, once I played TPS, the pacing of Borderlands 2 did feel slow, so it felt like enough of a change.It is also a shame that there were fewer DLCs for TPS, due to the unforseen closure of the 2K Austrlia studio. That being said, the Claptastic Voyage DLC was very memorable, and gives almost new-gained respect for CL4P-TR4P.I enjoyed this The Pre-Sequel, and I look forward to the next installment."
,Not Recommended,261640,20203359,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Laur And Order| Gamdom.com,"If you enjoyed borderlands 2 you'll enjoy this it's basically the same things except in space execpt there is new people to play as but similar skills, claptrap is a pretty good choice as his skills are unique but the voice gets annoying after a period of time, oxygen feature added(as the game is set in space) is stupid and pointless as well as time wasting. Some enemies overpowered and poor weapon variety(same as borderlands 2) not much has changed overall it's the same borderlands with no new ideas"
76561198043708729,Recommended,261640,14193657,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kraziazyn,"I'm just going to be blunt. It is what it is, it has pros it has cons, everyone has their own weird little taste about the game that not everyone is going to agree on, I get that you get that, lets move on. The fact is could it have been done a little better? (YES) What could of been done better you say? (Honestly... after playing it so many times [especially in offline mode when I had no internet whatso ever] I can't say I remember what all needs to be changed, which yes I know is really a stupid answer, however, no game is going to be perfect everyone throws such high pedestals of course you are going to find some really negative review some of them honestly are too negative that it's more lashing out towards the dev group than the game itself. Back on track, the thing is maybe the story and some of the characters could of been changed but hey I'm not part of the dev group they made it cause they feel like it fits it is what it is.)Should you get, Yes and No. Yes because hey if you want easy achivements or just want to fill up on what happened after BL and before BL2 then hey I kinda puts it right there and gives you what happened durring that sequence in a weird little story.I guess instead of reading it, try watching some let's plays or something idk or save up some money you know a little here and there and chance it yourself, honestly its like any other co-op game if you play by yourself it's not exactly as fun as it should be or challengeing for that matter but when more people step in hey stronger baddies better loot you know the drill. If you want more straightforward answers well. I guess you can ask."
,Recommended,261640,15016165,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bazoka810,"A ton of people are writing negative reviews about this game, which I think is unfair. I loved this game, you should get it. Its Borderlands 2 in space, not much is new except lasers and buttslams. Get it on sale.Yeah basically it's Borderlands 2 in space, exactly that."
,Recommended,261640,17322989,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,T.R.O.S. Emissary,"It isn't another Borderlands 2.Where you used to be badass, patrolling the land and absolutley destroying anything that came in your path; now quite a lot of the game feels trivial. Go put 4 eye pieces in a machine. Reset that before dumping the methane. Go test this gun on some scavs.That being said, this game is SO DAMN FUN. Have 2 drones call you alpha, lightning everything in sight, have 2 holograms and get stronger when your friends die, and make a f*****g rainbow narwhal.You can buttslam enemies. You can freeze enemies. You can have a LASER SHOTGUN. Please soak that in for a moment.And if you so please you can get a skill so Jack will inspire everyone with words of greatness such as ""Shoot for the moon because ... something something stars"" and ""Don't believe in yourself, believe in me, because I believe in you.""It's not serious in any way, but if you and your friends want to float around and laugh your asses off; this is the game for you."
,Recommended,261640,13892976,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Anonymous User,"Borderlands: The Pre Sequel is a very good game, the gameplay/hud is quiet nice. I've played all the Borderlands games and DLC's on PS3 Xbox 360 and a little bit on PC, out of all Borderlands games I like Borderlands 2 the most.I wish the game had a little bit more challenge to it, mostly the legendarys and misions! The misions are to easy the campain took like 2 days for me to complete in my first try. I hope they update it or add a DLC which changes the game completely! But otherwise the game is good I spent $69.99 on this game, not really worth it but I was waiting for it to come out!Other all I think I will score it with a 6/10"
,Recommended,261640,14539921,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,A Stupid Baby,It is a Borderlands game and if you enjoy the Borderlands games you will probably enjoy this one. The addition of the low grav and various jetpacks (replace relics) open up a lot of fighting styles and comboing people with butt slams into shotgun blast into something else or whatever is really fun. The specs also seem more well designed and feel like different playstyles instead of just a collection of buffs to whatever.If you didnt enjoy the Borderlands style of humor where everyone is borderline psychotic and theres poop jokes and pop culture references for zero reason you might not like it IDK.Also theres some weird bug where 10% of the time I launch the game it crashes but no other bugs yet.
76561198040680816,Recommended,261640,14856346,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,herc18,It's Borderlands 2 refined.  Not quite as funny but almost as enjoyable.
76561198040387356,Recommended,261640,13477012,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,0x2DA24FCC,"The game is not that great as the 2nd, but still is decent and worth trying. It is still same old Borderlands with shooting and stuff."
,Recommended,261640,16537532,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,KebabScout,"I haven't finished the story completely yet, but what I can say so far, is a positive surprise GAMEPLAY-wise. The addition of even lower gravity, jumppads, gliding/slamming and laser weapons(which are OP as hell IMO) are quite nice.Although I must ask; Is it just me, or is this game A LOT harder than previous BL-titles? I mean, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm dying all the time on normal mode. Didn't have near any troubles when started BL2.Moving on with things I highly like in this game is the dialogue. It is actualy fairly fresh, not just 'joke after joke'-based blabbing, like in BL2, which is still fun, so don't get me wrong.Also, the way enemies talk and how their characters are scripted has advanced by a ton.Then, the dissapointing things. First of all, many areas are really and I mean, REALLY repetative. Almost as bad as in BL1. Also, the amount of quests which are given to you as obviously too easy, after which you have to do 14 'surprising' tasks to complete the original is still waaaay too high. The story is just... well, maybe it tells you something, that I'm almost done with chapter 3 and literally nothing has happened. Really, really god damn awful and choppy storytelling.If you are a diehard fan of BL1/2(as I am) and you actually care about the story, not only of the grind, prepare to shake your fist for some of the worst decisions story-wise ever.Would I recommend buying this game?Yes, but only during sales.For the nicely updated mechanics, new, awesome characters and the nicely written dialogue."
76561198036559705,Recommended,261640,14965767,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hazzard,"Not as developed or engaging as the Borderlands I and II, but it's a fun way to play the old loot n' shoot with some new character types.  Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,261640,14118580,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bunkagunk,"Borderlands but in space, With Space guns, Space lesbians, and Space monsters. This game presents itself as that, goes through the whole game as that, and finishes at that. And that's that. Oh yeah, You can play as Claptrap, or Jack."
76561198018736456,Recommended,261640,16874154,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Aserith,"You get to fight a boss while listening to a song about a robogirl craving for huge coc... i mean mainframe.11/10If that didn't convince you let me say some pros and cons.Pros:+ Lasers! we get to use lasers and some of them are really op.+ Lunar jumps adds a new and cool feature to the game.+ Glitched weapons on Claptastic Voyage dlc are so funny.+ The new vault hunters are totally different from previous borderlands games, used Athena, Jack's double and claptrap (the fragtrap) so far and they all got a great playstyle and are much different to each other.+ Hell, you can play as Claptrap!!1010!+ The dlc ""Claptastic Voyage"" is by far the best dlc from all borderlands games (along with Tiny Tina's assault on dragon's keep imo), i couldn't stop laughing while playing it and the antagonist is just plain awesome.+ The 2nd run (TVHM) to the campaign is somehow different because it adds new ""joke lines"" to the game you couldn't expect.Cons:- The main story is quite short, larger than Borderlands but shorter than Borderlands 2.- No pearlescent weapons anymore... Maybe on future dlcs? Who knows...- Many legendaries are only obtainable by using the ""grinder"" (a machine you sacrifice items to make new ones) or on vendors (that pretty much will be 1 in a thousand chance).- Due to those many legendaries being obtainable only from grinder, playing it the legit way (that means not duping/editing like most people do) makes it sometimes too hard to get the legendary you need since you get a random legendary from the kind of weapon you sacrificed (smg, shotgun, etc etc) not a fixed one.- Forget ""chest runs"", they're no longer worth farming; I've played above 130 hours atm and just got 1 legendary out of chests so far, probably on 95% of them you'll only get white/blues and the other 4.99% maybe a blue or purple, 0.01% legendaries.- Only 1 ""invencible"" raid boss yet and it's actually quite easy to solo (even on UVHM) once you get some decent equipment. Actually the final boss from dlc Claptastic Voyage is much harder than that Invencible.Totally recommended after all, maybe wait to get it on a sale, 9/10."
,Recommended,261640,20236755,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SnakeInABong,clap trap
76561198100018540,Recommended,261640,30840120,Posted: 30 March,all,JGdouble2,.
76561198137750034,Not Recommended,261640,18298431,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vinyl,meh
76561198064237444,Recommended,261640,13927840,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,theshadowkiller,LASER SHOTGUNS.Ok i have liked even game/borderlands game and this one is epic i pre orderd it how much i liked it i think you should get it to useLASER SHOTGUNS
,Recommended,261640,12955945,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DJMillah,"This is one of the most enjoyable experiences I have had playing a game. It adds to the story of both Borderlands and Borderlands 2 and has a few mind blowing moments.I am also really enjoying the amount of small details they have added into the game referencing other items. The easter eggs are brill and the character voices are awesome.I am truely enjoying the new characters that we get to run into and interact with, and the dialog between each playable character and the environment is amazing. I can't wait to see what they come out with in the DLC.Best experienced playing with friends!"
76561197995976039,Recommended,261640,12821444,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Narcolepsy,Can Butt-Slam the Meriffs head off his sholders and ride it off into the sunset.10 out of 10
,Recommended,261640,12888502,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,blakOrkk,"A total lootfest, just like its predecessors. Why try to fix a working system when the mold is still fine. Low-grav is something to get used to and the Oz-system is a tad bit gimmicky at start but definitely worth your time if you liked the other two."
,Recommended,261640,15270205,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Psychedelic Cinder,Genocide n' stuff
76561198009798031,Recommended,261640,14144499,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Clown Vomit くそ,"If there's anything good I can say about this game, it's that it is borderlands, and most of what you liked about borderlands is still present here. MOST. The story is far less engaging this time around, quests are boring and so is the setting, but at least the gun looting, combat and general gameplay formula are kept the same. A for effort 2K Austrailia, but this is the weakest entry in the series quite easily. Reccomended only as a fan of the series."
76561198164113266,Recommended,261640,13595549,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,xjason123x,its not worth $60 but i bought it for $30 because there was a holiday
,Recommended,261640,15438049,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Skitariio,"Mo' like, Borderlands: The not as good as the Sequel.Amirite. Y'all know I'm rite."
76561198139375073,Recommended,261640,15514310,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Iceman,"If you like claptrap play as him, cause if you don’t play with him and someone else does, you will hate him to the edge of the moon with his abilities. Awesome guns as always and epic hair pulling Boss battles. There are more Easter eggs in this game than any bunny could carry in his basket. The game felt a bit rushed but is was still a good experience."
76561198098962746,Not Recommended,261640,15526771,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Smol Ket,its short and not that good as bl2
76561198067618587,Recommended,261640,16433985,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sweety seati,claptrap
76561198053268342,Recommended,261640,25489558,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,asmn2003,"One of the best co-operative game I playedContains a lot of Comedia, excellent characters and good shooting.But bosses fights is not that special.I recommend it to everyone with friends."
,Recommended,261640,25480436,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bearly Dressed,"Much of what made the previous Borderlands games so good is here in this game, but there's just smaller amounts of it. The game itself isn't bad at all, just not as good as its predecessor. For one, it's relatively short overall, even with the side quests, and there's not tons of overwhelming DLC content for The Pre-Sequel either. There's different mechanics added in with having to stay oxygenated when in space, you're in a vacuum a lot of the time so incendiary weapons take a hit unless you're shooting enemies in oxygen bubbled off areas, they introduced cryo instead of slag which is useful if you build a heavy handed melee vault hunter, and you're able to literally butt bounce people to death or off of sides of cliffs, but other than that it's more of the same Borderlands fighting mechanics you're used to seeing if you've played the other games. The story isn't so much plot driven as it is plot filler in terms of explaining more of the plot you see in BL2, but seeing more of Handsome Jack and his motives was really interesting. The final boss was probably my favorite in the Borderlands series so far. I recommend this game, especially if you don't try to compare it to Borderlands 2. As a game standing on its own, it's still really good fun."
,Recommended,261640,25501807,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,"If you liked Borderlands 1 and/or 2, you'll dig this.Same trusty Borderlands formula and a decent story."
76561198212102607,Recommended,261640,25510126,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,bada$$m0nkeY,Still like borderlands 2 better but this is also fun except when we need to get oxygen. Very annoying but recommended game!:)
,Recommended,261640,24030519,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SEpenguin,"it's not borderlands 3, that's on it's way, it's a great game and i still play it every now and then."
76561198031375796,Recommended,261640,12761359,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Darkchicken,"If you are a huge fan of borderlands 2 and want something fresh to play, this is good. If you didnt play borderlands 2, just start with borderlands 2. Perhaps its because im a french canadian that i dont understand Australian humor but for me, pre-sequel was way less funny."
76561198127819315,Recommended,261640,18562813,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GLiTCh,VAAAAAAAAUULTTT HUUUUUNTTEEEEEEEEEEEERSSSS INNN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACEEEEE10/10Would play again!
76561198316097673,Recommended,261640,30617743,Posted: 19 March,all,105Colin,"Honestly, Borderlands 2 was probably in my top 5 fav games of all time, I've put more hours into it then any other Steam game, it was probably the best fps I ever played, and Borderlands The Pre-Sequel wasn't that much of a disappointment. Most people really liked the game, and some others thought it wasn't that great. Imp, Pre-Sequel is NOTHING compared to Borderlands 2. But if you really enjoyed the 2nd game, definitely give Pre-Sequel a try cause it is a really good game, I just kinda wish they brought back more of the characters, but I can kinda understand why. Rating: 8.5/10 (Note: I Haven't beat the game yet, so I may or may not update this review in the future lol.)"
,Recommended,261640,20207772,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Yipdoge,"Meh, If you turned borderlands 2 into a mini game it would be this. It's fun to play and has a few new weapons but besides that it is still the same. Obviously it was a little rushed as a game but it should be able to tie people over until Border Lands 3.7.7/10 - Fun but nothing new"
76561198115746622,Recommended,261640,19276351,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,The Safety Snarf,"Your hired by the soon to be Handsome Jack, and are forced to go to the moon to help him stop the Lost Legion and take anyone out in allegiance with them. He later becomes the villain that we know him as in Borderlands 2 once he finds out about the Vault. He and you, the player will do anything to get to that vault but he soon discovers his fate upon entering.I really do love this game and would play over and over just to listen to the funny things that are said and done. Not as good as Borderlands 2 but still pretty good."
76561197999733600,Not Recommended,261640,13881161,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Brewer,"It was very fun to play, and the new characters and weapon are amazing. It just felt relly short though. I've been playing it for about 18 hours, and I've done the main story and all the side quests I can find. Also, alot of the weapons are rehashes of weapons from borderlands 2. I think theres possibly about 3 new weapons in the game (other than the new eapon class of Lasers).I think it would have been better if it was DLC for Borderlands 2. It just didnt feel like it had alot of substance for it to be counted as a game in its own right."
,Not Recommended,261640,20043369,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,endlessknives@yandex.com,Hopefully bl3 will be better
89898989898986565,Not Recommended,261640,14345928,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hymn,Wait until this game drops in price. It's not worth 60 bucks when there are unfarmable bosses and literally no end-game content.
,Recommended,261640,24375019,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Okker,"Good if you also like Borderlands 2, but can get a bit dull."
76561198066917523,Recommended,261640,33142720,Posted: 2 July,all,Ihuarraquax,Sallright
,Recommended,261640,33162020,Posted: 2 July,all,Bando man,this game so LIT
76561198261944390,Recommended,261640,25704255,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lucid_Orpheus,good
,Recommended,261640,33283169,Posted: 5 July,all,DragoZeroNova,"While it is certainly worse, compared to Borderlands 2, I like it all the same."
,Recommended,261640,33356515,Posted: 7 July,all,Kosh,"What I like about this game is that even if you have the reflexes of a frozen sloth and the aim of a drunken monkey its still possible to make progress through the story and the random drop system guarantees equipment upgrades eventually as long as you keep plugging away.   I realize this applies to all the Borderlands series really, so they have been consistent.Trying to think about what I dislike about the game, and really it would just be that certain classes seem less useable then others, so while all classes are playable, some seem more like work then others."
,Recommended,261640,26190929,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Avo,Really fun game. Recommend playing with friend.
76561198068078443,Recommended,261640,33386655,Posted: 8 July,all,God in Disguise,Fun with friends
76561198156917926,Recommended,261640,20177520,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Claptrap,Very nice game
,Recommended,261640,33491155,Posted: 12 July,all,Hedgyhoggie,"Meh.Borderlands 2 really has it all, there's very little reason for you to visit this one, unless you really enjoyed the experience that 1 and 2 brought you, then this won't let you down.Perhaps it will let you down a bit on the writing and character development, but hey, you can shoot a lot of stuff!"
,Recommended,261640,15025759,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Amidatelion,"The story is... technically better than that of Borderlands 2, with less glaring plot holes and need for the developers to yell ""NOT CANON!"" However, the replayability is garbage and the increased character interactions are... forced sometimes. Only one DLC so far is even worth blinking at, but hey, it gives you ♥♥♥♥ing wrist lasers so all's good. The grind is worse, with fewer replayable bosses, but I guess they're easier? All in all, it's a reskinned Borderlands 2. Pick it up on sale, don't waste your money."
76561198166451339,Recommended,261640,15028356,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ghostprtocol,Not quite as funny as Borderlands 2 but the storyline is interesting. I would recommend getting the whole Series. The graphics are great and it's a awesome game to play with others.
76561198096199870,Recommended,261640,14913435,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,RECON MI7,A great game really enjoyed it
76561197969571011,Recommended,261640,13966408,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Tyrannorez,"Like borderlands 2 . . . with little charmIf this is your first borderlands game dont get this one, get Borderlands 2, lot cheaper and goes on sale alot"
76561197962973671,Recommended,261640,14589746,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Past0ri,"Not sure what to say. Borderlands games are always great way to pass time, but this one seems kind of black sheep. The game itself is really short compared to others. Music seem to repeat itself and fade away in certain places, while the adventuring gets kind of dull in time to time. Of course, its going to be whole other game when played in co-op. Cool new features include lasers, jumping around in vacuum and suffocating. And of course you have the feeling of living down under. But for some reason it requires a lot more from your hardware, while looking ""same"" as the previous game. Needless to say im an Ati user... All in all, its a pretty great game, although im not quite sure is it really worth the money? Not to mention the dlc about to come."
,Not Recommended,261640,14688457,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,-bZ-BlackChicks,this game just didnt cut it for me compared to BL2. the voice acting for the NPC's was horrible (with the exception of the original voices of the main characters).
,Recommended,261640,14317631,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Clout Goggles Man,"All these people talking about making money in CS:GO then I think: Hey, what did BTPS get me? It got me a best friend! This game creates friendships! Love my man Iglashty"
76561198126078536,Recommended,261640,14384878,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ultimumdeus,"If you loved the bordlands games to date then you won't be disapointed, althought differant to the others some great new features."
,Recommended,261640,15161347,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Emi,"Great game, but don't expect anything new from the Borderlands series. Think of it as a huge BL2 DLC with low gravity/ jet packs.If you don't own any of the Borderlands games then I'd recommend 2 over this. Then 1. This game is still good though, just doesn't live up to the standards of the previous games."
,Recommended,261640,14580762,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Smexykins,"A watered-down BL2 with space, cryo, buttslams, and lazers.Not as good as 2, but still Borderlands, and still fun.9/10-EDIT- You know, I think this game is just a little better than BL2. I'm at the point where I can't play BL2 because of how slow it feels compared to TPS (which is weird, I thought the opposite before). Unpopular opinion, but still a fantastic game."
76561198023894564,Recommended,261640,20501193,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Coach,"Lot's of fun.  Stays true to the Borderlands formula, but for some reason just fell flat for me halfway through playing.  Still enjoy this game, but gets a bit repetitive.  Would still recommend."
76561198048018049,Recommended,261640,12929039,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Woozyword <3 Guardian,"As a standalone game, I would rate this game as a 8/10 But when you compare it to the other 2 games in this franchise it falls to a 7/10. If you enjoy all the mayhem, randomness, and Risky comedy of the other 2 games you will love this one. I recommend"
76561197975917513,Recommended,261640,15139135,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,rollinginsanity,"Heh, this game is pretty good, I like the Australian Humor."
76561198036407435,Recommended,261640,13529780,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mgram7,"Havent finished my first playthrough as Athena yet, but this game is great! It serves filling the gap between 1 and 2 with an interesting story and also somewhat sets up for future installments with a few characters from this game. Overall would recommend for fans of the Borderlands games."
,Recommended,261640,14573784,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,MrCrossa,"(THIS REVIEW IS FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF A PERSON WHO PLAYED BL1 ON PS3, DIDN'T LIKE IT AND NEVER PLAYED BL2.)I didn't like the first Borderlands (had it on PS3, never finished it) never played the second one.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what a different experience. I think the reason I didn't like BL1 is because I was playing it by myself. If you intend to get this, get it and play it with at least one other person.The atmosphere and overall layout of the game feels much more alive and less generic than BL1, like you actually have a purpose to kill all those enemies, or do what Jack tells you.From what I've heard, if you've played BL2 BEFORE this, it feels like DLC. If that's the case, just wait for a sale. If you're new/newish and have other people to play with, go for it.Will review the DLC once it's all out and cheap as free."
,Recommended,261640,12851233,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,david hasselhoff,bloody hell its austrelia
,Recommended,261640,15000112,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,dovcharenko20,This game is fun for peole that love the normal borderlands 1 and 2 but this game is very expancive and more then 50 dollers I loved the game but i was acspenvie but for people that wonna know the hystory of borderlands shoud play this game i love this game but the DLC are not the best.+new cool weponds+new legendarys and old ones+new elemant+new maps+9+ gameplay( this could me a lot diffrent)+EASY TO MAKE ANY LEGENDARYS PEOND YOU DO in grinder-Not hard boses-The end boss is not what i wonted to be i wall waiting for soemthign like the warriorPLEASY ADD ME TO PLAY TOGETHER AND BE FRENDS I STARTED A NEW HAVE SO I AM LOW LEVEL BUT STILL ADD ME
,Recommended,261640,13404684,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Shade,Shade wasn't in it but still pretty good
,Recommended,261640,13084434,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Illidank,Okay so this game is gewd you just gotta beat it to enjoy it.
,Recommended,261640,12872660,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Etgahn,MUST FARM MOAR 3DD1.ES
,Recommended,261640,12781536,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GHOST,I am a huge fanboy of the Borderlands games. I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Borderlands 2 and now playing this game it only makes my life happier. I just cant stop playing this games is so much fun. This game has a whole ton of new aspects in it than the other borderlands games. I cant wait for the DLC.
,Recommended,261640,15028625,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,PhantomTissue™,Became the greatest Basketball player ever by demolishing the hoob with a butt slam while on fire.11/10 Would slam agian
,Recommended,261640,13299778,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,can i eat yo ass?,LASER♥♥♥♥♥♥BRUH
,Not Recommended,261640,19756569,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Huffles,"great game!so why the negative review?because this game lags tremendously, and from what ive researched its linked to physx conflicting with newer hardware.so turn off physx you goofball! you shouldnt leave this game a negative review!i shouldnt have to. i am more than capable of running this game, and i cant entirely turn it off either. in any case, i get massive frame drops when gibs come on screen. that should NOT happen, especially when my laptop with an 860m could run it better.well its probably an issue with your computer then! dont blame the game!it isnt, i ran this game when this pc was freshly built and i was genuinely shocked to see this game perform terribly. other games work fine, but not this. i blame the game for 105% of my issues because ive done everything in my power to maximize performance while keeping the game looking pretty. im not going to cripple the visuals of a game when i paid this much money on a new PC to see all the pretty details. the temps are fine, everything is working as it should.well im going to dislike your review because i still disagree with you!well go ahead! i love the game, its an absolute blast. but im not going to encourage people to buy a game that absolutely refuses to get with the times, especially when hardware in general is only going to improve from here. the developers seem to have no incentive to change their tune, so this is all i can really do."
76561198050879313,Recommended,261640,16130530,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DaNiK_HD,"(First of all sorry for my bad english, it's not my first language :§)This game doesn't dissapoint me! :DIt's a 100% borderlands game with alot of cool new additions:-O2 Kits-Low gravity (even lover than in Borderlands 2)A hell lot of more weapons (incl. new Laser weapons, Cryo weapons)-A fun and intense storyline with a bigger variaty of bosses to fight than in the BO2 storyline-Playable claptrap character with a very unique special abillity-JUMP PADS!!!!! :DI personally rate this game 9/10 and recommend it to every borderlands fan and loot fetishists :D(The Map is smaller than in Borderlands 2, but that has a reason since this game is playing on a moon and those are much smaller than regular planets.)"
76561198076300723,Recommended,261640,16228770,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fallen.exe,This one of the best games a have played.
76561198241684084,Recommended,261640,30953690,Posted: 4 April,all,Polican93,I once played this game at the end of my 360's life and enjoyed it. Bought it on sale for pc and it felt just like old times. The game is decent and adds some lore but to me the game feels like a DLC then anything else.. Get it if you want to go guns blazing one more time. Avoid if not.
,Recommended,261640,13663015,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fimion,"First, ask yourself these questions:Have you enjoyed previous Borderlands games?Do you like having a bazillion guns?Do you like Low gravity Situations?Do you find accents to be funny?MOTHER F***ING EXPLOSIONS??!?!?!??!?If you answered yes to some or all of these questions, this may be the game for you."
76561198058162990,Recommended,261640,12813601,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,D1CK MAKES IT BETTER,If you played borderlands 1 or 2 you might like the pre-sequel. That is all.
76561198119518793,Recommended,261640,13053932,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ZeroUnits,"like all borderlands games, it's amazing but it does fall short in a few catagories, however, it was announced that gearbox are aware of these issues and are adressing them as they see fit but still 8/10 from me! :D"
76561198029263636,Recommended,261640,13860720,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Great Ricktator,"This last summer I got into the Borderlands series thanks to the sale as did many of my friends and we had an absolute blast with it, so when the pre-sequel came around I was looking forward to playing it. First and foremost I will get this out of the way: for the most part the gameplay is just like the predecessor, but considering that it was awesome I dont really find that to be detrimental, plus it is freshened due to the enviroment you are in with the lack of oxygen and the lower gravity, and butt slams. It manages to have more personality than the previous one as the vault hunters actually say stuff now, they have actual character, speaking of character development the guy everyone loves to hate, Handsome Jack, gets a ton of it. I'll avoid major spoilers and just say that it becomes a lot easier to say why he is the way is is in Borderlands 2. Another thing is it makes Claptrap, at least the playable one quite likable and fun to play as.Overall when it comes down to it, it' more Borderlands and if you had fun with the previous ones, you'll have fun here"
76561198093477082,Not Recommended,261640,13506587,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bloop,"It's a DLC for $60. Worth it on a sale I guess, but inside the game, all's you'll find is a lack of tentacles and dissapointment. A few glaring holes in the plot and overall ok writing, the existence of Pickle, no end game, and a lack of diverse aesthetic (think of all the different climates of bl2) are the most obvious short-comings.I did like some of the new feature in combat, but overall, would not recommend."
76561198041341194,Not Recommended,261640,13747108,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cbiskit,"Much lower replayability than 1 and 2, a few bugs/glitches, and a LOT of hackers.  Beat the game two or three times in a row, and you will be a little bit more bored than entertained, unlike borderlands 1 and 2."
76561198036857509,Not Recommended,261640,13746604,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Thelen,"Lacks the charm and humor of the earlier iterations in the series. Found myself constantly cringing at dialogue and weak attempts at humor. Gameplay is fairly fun, its got some bells and whistles added to the tried and true formula of BL1 and 2. I just find myself thinking this should have been a DLC, not a standalone game. I also would not recommend paying more than $30 max for it.Pros:you can be claptrap.you can use O2 to do some crazy jumpslasersCons:terrible, cringy dialogue.terrible, cringy NPCs.terrible, cringy story.5/10"
76561198079398287,Not Recommended,261640,13745346,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,eoinfish,"I will update this review as time goes by and as I progress through more characters and DLC launches etc.Right, I have finished the game 4 times now, on 4 different characters, so I'll give out my final review:THE PROS:-Lasers. Borderlands does guns well, so it was no surprise that Lasers would be fun and easy to use. Athena can take full advantage of them, seeing as she rocks Elemental damage more.-Character Classes. A big step-up from BL2, is how competitive each and every character can be. Nina was a solid choice for Beginners, whilst Claptrap allowed for some fun but still powerful builds. IMO Wilhelm has a lot going for him, and might be THE top dog.-Vehicles. The new vehicles are a nice refreshment from the older ones in BL and BL2.-Plot. The plot is thoroughly enjoyable. The ending was a really nice way to tie in the BL2 game chronologically, whilst still showing Athena's narrative of the events on the moon. Borderlands 3 anyone?THE CONS:-Voice Acting. You think giving everyone Australian accents is a good idea. It was. For 5 minutes. And then Pickle comes along and singlehandedly out-trumps Jar Jar Binks in annoyance levels. Even then, I wanted some really outlandish and crazy Ozzie to be used, but sadly, the enemies are duller than BL2.-Orange Weapons+: As many have stated before, Orange Weapons are farmed by either Vending Machines, or by Grinding in a Grinder Machine. The chances of actually finding one from a dead boss is SLIM.-Long Intervals of Play: Because you spend so much time in the air, in buildings, or just running to Oxegyn, you'll find yourself passing 5/6 minutes alone in getting to destinations. Coupled by how long it is before you get the first vehicle, the grind seems longer and longer. Not only that, missions usually set their completion areas a fair distance from them, prolonging the actual length of the game.-Length. This game was originally planned as a big DLC for €30, and with the short story and limited interesting quests, you can see why. The only long bit of BLTPS is navigation. Fighting is fast paced and iconic of the older iterations.So can I reccommend this? Not at €55. At that price point, I expect a solid 20+ hours of story and even more in optional side quests. Also, with the amount of DLC available for the game, BLTPS suddenly hits the €85+ mark.But, if in a sale, like €30, then this game is well worth it, and longtime fans will feel their purchase was justified."
76561198013458453,Not Recommended,261640,13749470,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mordecai,"While the first playthrough is rather fantastic, TPS offers literally no endgame what so ever.  Non farmable bosses, only way to get legendaries is through the grinder, and holodome is just no"
,Not Recommended,261640,13482663,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Flick,"The game breaks and has many glitches. If you have a Mac and want to play with someone with a PC, don't bother, it won't work. I've tried to refund my purchase and I'm unable to. Biggest waster of money ever."
76561198023682164,Not Recommended,261640,13746268,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darth Brawl,"Still a waste of money at 50% off.  And I'm the biggest fan of borderlands 1 & 2 and all the dlc's.  Thanks Gearbox, you along with George Lucas have managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over my hopes and dreams.  Australians on the moon? More like hippies from whale wars on the moon.  Forget about the cleaver writing and subtle humour of BL2.  This is more like a female comedian trying to be politically correct."
,Not Recommended,261640,13779152,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JJ,"Australia made this game its little ♥♥♥♥♥. Oh we're not calling them certain names because its offensive. Oh grow a pair. Aksi, game was WAY to short to be $60. Not worth it."
76561198087717248,Not Recommended,261640,13764010,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ThisSeemsRed,"If a game leaves you that feeling, ""what, that's it?"" It failed to deliver."
,Not Recommended,261640,13462933,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,7Reaper7,This game is soooooooooooooooooooooooo boring ~~~~ Fail ....
76561198106848275,Not Recommended,261640,13746133,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ben,"It's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to borderlands 2,IGN: 10/10"
76561197971220807,Not Recommended,261640,13767431,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Xtan,miles away from borderlands 2. If you want to play it wait until it's cheaper.The game is not this diversified how it sould be and as expected after borderlands 1 & 2.
76561198110028339,Not Recommended,261640,13769246,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[BAC]Bacon,"dont buy the game the story is pretty good, but there is no end game, you can't farm most of the legendaries that you like and unless the supposedly giant campaign dlc doesn't fix this I won't play this game again."
76561197973942570,Not Recommended,261640,13508735,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Slade_X,"Lets offer people the chance to play the same average game again, but at a higher level, and charge them 10 notes!"
76561198092466953,Recommended,261640,13565242,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,BigGia,its awesome I would recommend it :D
76561198127431970,Recommended,261640,20897149,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Captain Csipko,"So, yeah, what to say, its good buy it!"
,Recommended,261640,22260978,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,doofer20,ONLY BUY IF YOU LOVED BL2 and BL AND NEED MORE. Honestly this games story could have been DLC and that would have been awesome as there were very few sidequests that lived up to the first two games.I found this game very lackluster. At first the anti-gravity jumping seems cool at first but i found it to take a lot of way from combat and gameplay.The Oz kit was fun( a lot of fun in areas without the anti gravity) but anti-gravity was everywhere. If it wasn't everywhere ( like 80% of the game ) it would have been fun to go out and moonwalk but after a few hours I was getting annoyed by it. My favorite part of the game was towards the end on Helios where you till had the Oz kit to do some flying but wasn't everything.... I atleast lost 4 legendary items to them flying off a cliff along with a few quest items and myself. Along with being annoying to get thrown all over place it really effected what guns i used. I found without atleast 90%+ accuracy i couldn't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥(I may be a bad shotting but in BL and BL2 i didn't worry about it) top with the fact things stay airborn way to long. My next big problem goes with the airborn problem as ALL the enemys seemed to fly or were at my feet on the ground. Get ready to aim at your feet to kill the 10000000 torks and other creatures that spawn or spray into the sky as every scav/bandit flys and sometimes for way to long.I bought on sale for $20 and i think that was a little too much but as i loved borderlands i can live with the purchase (id be really upset if i bought at full tho) sooooo I want to say MAYBE but ill hit yes just because my two biggest problems arent game breaking more just annoying aspects and i loved borderlands since me and my friend played it back in highschool.
,Recommended,261640,13235187,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Tyrannosaurus Max,"You've explored enough of Pandora in Borderlands and Borderlands 2, so now, welcome to Elpis, Pandora's moon. Borderlands the Pre-Sequel is the third game in the series, and like its predecessors before it, is equally random and filled with craziness. The plot revolves Handsome Jack and his fall from hero to villain, along with new Vault Hunters that play minor roles in Borderlands 2 (considering the events of the pre-sequel happens before that). The story is engaging enough, and the Vault Hunters have a lot more lines of dialogue during quests, which is a nice addition and breathes more life into your characters. It is also quite amusing that all citizens on Elpis pretty much have an Australian accent, because the Pre-Sequel was developed by 2K Australia. Gameplay is enhanced with the introduction of the Oxygen system in the pre-sequel, considering you are on the moon, and you can now leap into the air and crash down on your foes in a low-gravity atmosphere. This is affectionately called ""butt-slamming"" by the citizens of Elpis. This new Oxygen system also enables you to reach places that you otherwise wouldn't be able to, by leaping tall structures in a single bound. While all these are great additions to this game, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel does have some flaws. The side quests in this iteration of the series do not flow very well, usually requiring you to return to the same areas dozens of times, to the extent of a fair bit of annoyance. The sheer amount of side quests that suddenly pop up also bring you away from the main plot of the story, which does reduce the engagement and impact of the plot. In some ways, it does not feel as polished as Borderlands 2. To some, this makes Borderlands the Pre-Sequel seem more like an expansion to Borderlands 2 than a standalone game, but the Pre-Sequel has enough new additions to stand out on its own, yet stay true to the Borderlands series. Here's looking forward to more DLCs!"
,Recommended,261640,12758154,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PhDFox,Too much Claptrap not enough Torgue/10
,Recommended,261640,13114974,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Micky Flipps,"I've purchased the original Borderlands 4 times... on various platforms. BL2... I bought twice.. PS3 and PC. I've probably played both games around a total of 800hrs. This game... 35hrs... and then I said ""done"". Not recommended for the 59$ I paid for it... Totally worth 30$. Felt more like a DLC than a full game. The series has always been super funny... and the story missions in this game were funny too, but all the side quests lacked in humor; mostly because I hated almost all the NPCs you did missions for... especially Pickle... F that guy. and for the others.... felt like knock-offs of the beloved characters on Pandora. Moving on... If you can pick it up on sale... do it...and if you run only through the story it will last you about 19hrs or so. I'm hoping that the DLC that comes out takes place back on Pandora... fingers crossed. 2K, please please please get back with your old teams and develop... These new guys ain't cuttin it."
,Recommended,261640,14430281,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,愛,"Love Borderlands, but this game seems like a massive DLC for borderlands 2 as it lacks any major changes to the previous game (Borderlands 2). To me it was the same game different setting and different characters with arguably the same moves just spread out in different orders among different vault hunters. It is full of humor and the characters actually talk to NPCs which gives them a voice which was uncommon in the previous borderlands. Nevertheless being a ""dlc"" it still inherits its amazing gameplay style from its predecessors and an intersting story."
76561198083755742,Recommended,261640,14392040,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lean Quatifah,"This might be hard to believe, but this man is the leader of a group of lizards from the hyper elite. I know this first hand. I took care of this being as the mentor, as I am a hyper elite of the syntax-sector of the Illuminati. I have experimented with teleportation, Obama, and lizards shape-shifting into Secret-service agents. When the syntax-sector of the hyper elite barracks in the north pole, most experiments broke loose. This prototype, however, was smarter than most. With little to no signs of lizard-like structures when shape-shifted, he was the perfect man for our job. I once used my transformation powers, but was quickly spotted, and the extra-molecular shape-shifting superdinosaur came and saved me, with the hyperbeam harvested from Dialga in the Pokemon dimension. Yes, that show is real, made by the Ancient Gods from Sector-B//AnimationDimension//X-3, we transported the creatures into the ""intelligent"" planet called Earth, in my opinion, the weakest sector of the whole Illuminati. If you want more information about these creatures first hand, contact me via Google+ or teleportating to the hyperdimension in Class-A."
,Recommended,261640,13080109,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,AveryKindGuy™,WHY DONT YOU LIKE THIS DAMN IT!
76561198087570794,Recommended,261640,20795571,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Joke Graveyard,"Really fun, even if not as replayable or have as much content as Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,32336596,Posted: 11 June,all,Mambo Sauce,"huh.... Im like 18 hours into this game in level 25 and im thinking to myself ""hey this game isnt half bad, I wonder why people were bashing on this"" then about 3 minutes later after thinking that im fighting the final boss and the game ends....this game is a 5.5in my book its fine for a Borderlands 2 DLC"
,Recommended,261640,23842005,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Owedevil,Thumbs up.Full review pending.
,Recommended,261640,29552437,Posted: 28 January,all,help me derank,One of the biggest DLCs Gearbox has ever released for Borderlands 2. This expansion is so big that it even requires its own DLC to it.DLCeption10/10
,Recommended,261640,32891029,Posted: 27 June,all,DezShadow,"After playing a second and third time, I've come to actually enjoy it a lot more than the first playthrough. Thought it could have been due to playing claptrap, but hey, who knows.I'd rate it a good 9/10, A+, Totes Recommends.(might update with more details sometime)"
76561198061098617,Recommended,261640,17378795,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Prowinning,HANDSOME JACK DID NOTHING WRONG! HE WAS THE HERO WE ALL NEEDED! BORDERLANDS 2 FOLLOWS THE STORY OF THE BAD GUYS OVERTHROWING A GOD DAMN HERO!
,Recommended,261640,12765076,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,npoenn,"The low-gravity adds way more to the game than you'd expect. That, plus LASERS!!!"
76561198002856551,Recommended,261640,19137907,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Tokair,"Unlike Borderlands 2, which made me, or rather still makes me, suspect that the team had something awful, no, some awful things, or more likely, a lot of really awful things happen to them, the Pre-Sequel actually made me laugh a couple of times and had me enjoying the game in general almost the whole time. After having a quick look at the baroness who made my skin crawl every time she opened her mouth I decided to risk playing fragtrap and went easily through the whole game with him. It may be just me, but I do like my characters in game more on the optimistic side, even (actually, especially) if wildly irrationally so. I especially liked a certain scene where fragtrap has to have a real claptrap open one door for him because with being reprogrammed to a fragtrap his door opening abilities had to be deleted (which he comments with a howled ""what have i become?!?""). The claptrap fails horribly at opening the door, jamming it tighter, raising alarm and activating quite a few defense routines. Everything is shooting at and a lot of things are exploding around you. In all the chaos the claptrap says something like ""oh well, the most important thing is that i love myself."" A rather hysteric reply from my fragtrap: ""NO! ITS NOT! OPEN THE ******** DOOR!"" Followed by several lines of how that claptrap is a disgrace to its kind.The pre-sequel is closer to the bunkers and badasses dlc than to the original game of borderlands 2, especially with the off-stage comments during the game (no worries, theyre not overwhelming. but theyre there, most prominently at the beginning and the end). Low grav lets you jump higher for example and low atmosphere (they call it ""zero"" but... obvously there is a little at least) dims sounds noticeably and extinguishes fire, which i liked. There are a couple of minor bugs that i encountered (mostly some chests that enemies can pass through and you cant) but nothing dramatic. Otherwise i noticed no difference between bl2 and this one, unlike from bl to bl2 the hud hasnt changed... as far as i could tell. All in all in my opinion the pre sequel is the game I was hoping bl2 had been."
,Recommended,261640,22207476,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LONGEST,Space Vault Simulator: Before A Little Later But After The First And On A Moon Editiongets aNo Replay Valueout of 10
,Recommended,261640,25811986,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pr0n,Short but good. If you liked borderlands 2  you'll like this.
76561197975553517,Recommended,261640,25650022,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bling Tactics,"Im a scrub & need help, some one please.."
,Recommended,261640,25488616,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,AutumnKiwi,"Great game that I got for about 3.50$. It is not as good as borderlands 2 though, and the Nisha is too game breakingly OP. It is definately worth buying during a sale but not for full price.For those who have played Borderlands 2. This game is quicker and less open world, however the humor is just as good and the story may change you views on some things. Quite a great game and definately key if you plan on following the story of Borderlands.WARNING: Do not play the game if you haven't played Borderlands 2."
76561198057867525,Recommended,261640,28366451,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cashew,"I honestly believe the negative reviews coming from this game is a huge mistake. This game is (In my eyes) about as good as the first and second Borderlands. Perhaps it is set in an environment that grittier, and duller than that of the other two, but I still enjoy the game so much. The story, the side quests and the characters most of all. I do like it. Its great.I recommend the game strongly to everyone who enjoyed the previous few games.Cheers!"
,Recommended,261640,22373325,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Euphoria,More like Bordermemes..
76561198045634154,Recommended,261640,28017626,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eren,BEST GAME EVERRR
76561198062153913,Recommended,261640,23779072,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,crash_julius,"This game is an excellent example of a game that was great in itself with its mechanics and gameplay, but was unpoplular due to overhype by fans, along with the expectation that it would be better than Borderlands 2, instead what we got was a game essentially as good as Borderlands 2. Granted I do not like this game as much as Borderlands 2, but that is not an excusable reason to hate this game. This game is not Borderlands 2 so stop expecting Borderlands 2. (Also this game was originally intended to be DLC for Borderlands 2)"
76561198023971271,Recommended,261640,26999159,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Warmonger,"Of the many games I've played, this one has stuck with me, not because of its gameplay, but because of its story. The tale it weaves is one that makes a character whom I never thought I would care about into someone I respect, and even feel sorry for. One whom I wish would have had a better lot in life. Let this game show that even some somewhat shallow ideas can turn into something more."
76561198076341391,Recommended,261640,22190429,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sss,"Fire them all shocked dead like a bloody space pancakeIce to meet you, space cowboy"
76561198180187045,Recommended,261640,21970874,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,obamanoodle,good game wierd pacing but good gamealso tons-a-gunsim the conducter of the poop train
76561198097419302,Recommended,261640,14970119,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Count,"Feels like Borderlands 2 but with low gravity and much shorter.I picked up on a sale, and while in the short time I beat it I'm happy I didn't pay $60.00 for it.Oh, and it has a much darker feel to it then the last 2 BL's."
76561198068803333,Recommended,261640,14569758,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dissonance,"I don't want to waste time, now then, to the point:This is not the best Borderlands in any way, shape, or form. However, it's not so insanely horrible I would never reccommend it. No, no, it is good in some ways, but lasers, cryo guns, good voice acting, and Handsome Jack backstory is not a game make. The storyline itself compared to the other games is short, which in turn causes every mission to quickly jump from your level to about 5 more up. Which you can only compensate with by doing side quests, which their backrounds aren't exactly visually appealing as they all are either cold steel space stations or rocky moon face.But, I would recommend this game, if (AND ONLY IF) you have already played Borderlands 1 and 2 already."
,Recommended,261640,14135171,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pope Francis,"I give it an 8/10. Good game, very fun, I have played it for 200+ hours and went through the entire campaign with each character. I do not regret buying it at all. 2 points loss because there are some fixable bugs, and they changed almost nothing from the look of Borderlands 2. but overall, a very fun game which i highly recommend."
,Recommended,261640,12925742,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,JawZ,"Like it's ancestors, the game proves to a enjoyable and hilarious experience. Shoot bandits and loot your way through the world of Elpis (the low gravity/oxygen free moon) and kill enemies in a different light to the previous games.The game is short and sweet-the replay value perhaps itsn't as good as borderlands 2 at the moment and replaying missions can prove to be boring and annoying in SOME instances.However, the majority of the time I have greatly enjoyed the world of Elpis and the upcoming DLC is sure to be great.If you havn't already, grab yourself a copy (and definatly a season pass) and get looting!"
,Recommended,261640,12725358,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Pryce,"Is it as good as Borderlands 2? -> It's hard to follow a great successor...Is it better than hundreds of ""said to be great"" games out there? Yes!There is absolutely nothing wrong with this game it took me about 40 hours to finish first run with all sidequests (except raid boss)  - so its a great game with plenty to doIn my opinion, if you enjoyed Borderlands 2 get this one too."
,Recommended,261640,12781752,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[Redacted],"Yeah, it's a Pre-Sequel and yeah, it explains what they forgot to tell you in terms of lore. Though, i never figured the moon would be populated by brits and aussies.Should you buy this before BL:2? No. You'll get spoiled if you watch the intro. Which, btw, i would scold Gearbox/2k about. They really should have ran the story like a new Borderlands title, rather than a ""expansion""Also, it seems they decided to stop being so rude with the humor as well, sadly. ""Midgets"" are ""'Lil"" and they don't say funny things like ""So cold! So cold!"" or ""Here lies midge midge!"", though, they and the Psycho's/Scavengers do still have quips.So in summary, get this game if you want to know what happened up there on the moon and what Jack was up to from BL1 to BL2 and prepare to treat this game like a BL:2 expansion."
76561198071964759,Recommended,261640,21851876,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,CrazyTeamPlayer25,"40€ or $ game. A name like ""a 40$or€ game which prefers better for a huge DLC for the 2. game"" Anyway its awesome. Buy when it's on a sale. Who wants a DLC for 40€or$?"
76561198032116530,Recommended,261640,12887476,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Grumpy_Mudkip,"Having played Borderlands 2, I cannot help but feel that this game is more like an expansion pack or a dlc more than a full game. BL:TPS is a full length game but it lacked the changing enviroments that BL2 had which makes playing all the side missions feel like a drag. If this is your first time playing a Borderlands game and you don't want to get Borderlands 2 I would totally recommend this, the action is good and the low gravity mechanics are fun to play with."
,Recommended,261640,25923897,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Randy7777,"*Compare to BL2Pros:+ Better droprate.+ Vendor worth checking.+ Less tortured.+ No bulsh!t UVHM with mobs regen.Cons;- Story underwhelmed. No tear dropped from me like BL2- You play as the bad guy, there is no heroic feels.- Lack of DLC, yeah..."
76561198156608536,Recommended,261640,14051551,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Natsu,"The Borderlands series has been one that I have loved. Although I know many of us have mixed feelings about The Pre-Sequel, I'm here to tell you guys what I think. Yes this game fails to entertain us like unlike Borderlands 2, It's mostly a combination of a bunch of side mission tied to a short story. This said, think about it this way, the Developer's have already forseen this, this is just the beginning of the road to Story-tied DLC's and Headhunter's like no other. So this game might get a lotta bad reviews and all that but we never know the future and I believe that there is something big coming for The Pre-Sequel..."
76561198036918305,Recommended,261640,13232227,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bronson,gg
76561198094255012,Recommended,261640,14322652,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Nåtilyi,"""Sorry darling, i have a hearing problem when it comes to POOR people...."" - Baroness Hammerlock3.5/5 and then Lady Hammerlock changed the game.... its a love affair that reminds me of BL2 and Gaige! 5/5 great game when you find your spirit guide of the lands of borders."
76561198047746934,Recommended,261640,18981164,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,[VS]Rogue,"Advance notice: there will be spoilers herein.  I'll hold off until I'm safely into ""read more"" territory.I've played through normal mode twice now, as Claptrap and Doppelganger Jack.  Having 500+ hours logged on Borderlands 2, I watched TPS for a while to grab it soon as the price dropped.  I grabbed it for about what you'd expect to spend on a decent expansion pack, expecting that it'd play pretty much like a decent expansion pack for Borderlands 2.  And if you want the short version of this review, it pretty much did.  If you liked Borderlands 2 you'll probably like Borderlands the Pre-Sequel because in just about every way that matters it's the same game.  The best comparison I can make for it is to the Captain Scarlett expansion for Borderlands 2, both in good terms and not so good.Yes, there are some differences.  Aside from ice replacing slag in the elemental table, which is a bit of a tactical shift, they're minor.  Having a whole new class of guns in the Borderlands universe which is already swimming in them really is a lot less noticeable than you would think.  It does seem that lasers are on the overpowered side in Normal mode, and I wouldn't be surprised if that's intentional, but other than that they're not much different than Maliwan sub guns from BL2.  Since Borderlands relies heavily on having a decent gun or couple of guns to make the game hum along, it is kind of nice to expand the field of possibilities a bit.  Oz kits just replace relics and while the gravity slam is nice to have as an option, its usefulness doesn't go far beyond being surrounded by kraggons or torks.  Air supply is not a huge issue (especially if you play Claptrap) and really the main practical use of double jumping is to try to execute some of the annoying jumping puzzles that crept their way into this game.  Really, Gearbox?  Jumping puzzles?If you're familiar with Borderlands 2, this game leaves you feeling a bit like something's missing that you can't quite put your finger on.  And no, it's not threshers (who only make a cameo here, thankfully).  I thought for a while it was just burnout on the Borderlands universe but after playing some BL2 again the other day the magic is still there.  The translation of the Psychos, Marauders, Nomads, and Goliaths of Pandora to the Scavs and Lunatics of Elpis may have been little more than a skin and voice change, but it lost something in the process that's apparently more important to the ambience than you might think.Also, the Aussie accents don't make up for the comparatively sparse and not-really-funny things the NPCs say.  Just sayin'.Mechanically, I have a few minor grumbles.  The vehicles suck.  Seriously.  I never liked the skiff you were given to drive around Oasis with and while the reskin for the Stingray looks pretty badass it's still almost the exact same lemon underneath.  Also, TPS is much too quick with the respawns.  You can run headlong into repops on your way out of moderately small areas after just doing your quest business, not even poking around or exploring over much.  This was an annoyance in the first Borderlands that seemed corrected in BL2 so I hate to see it go backwards.  On a more positive note, side quests tend to appear earlier than they did in BL2.  Instead of finishing the story mission and getting the option to go back to the area you just finished for a milk run, you can see most quest givers on the map as soon as you arrive and can detour to them before you go on with your primary objective, saving yourself a fair bit of backtracking.I'm neutral on the jump pads.  They walked right up to the line of overusing them in my opinion but didn't quite cross it.Speaking of crossing lines, possible SPOILERS past this point.If there's anywhere TPS outright falls down it's in the supporting characters.  BL2 gave us a brilliant cast of background personalities topped off with one of the very best archvillains since Megatron.  In BLTPS, it's hard to pick out any character unique to this game that isn't just...really annoying.  It's possible, but hard.  Our archvillain Colonel Zarpedon is as colorless as she is relentless, far from the constant foil Handsome Jack was in BL2.  And don't get me started on Pickle.  Tiny Tina was genius in BL2, Pickle was an obvious attempt to recreate her that shoulda been strapped to a badonkadonk.Which leads us to the story in general.  Are we far enough in from the spoiler warning yet?  Ok.  If you liked the story of Borderlands 2 and don't want to see it messed with, then do not play this game.  Of course if you liked BL2 then you're probably way more interested in hanging out some more with Jack than you are in preserving the story, but you've been warned.  The way most of the game plays out, you can start to understand what would drive Jack to go from the hero on Elpis to the way he was on Pandora, then a thing or two happen that almost seem like the writers suddenly remembered they needed Jack to do something bad and/or crazy to get his descent into barking madness back on track.  It really doesn't work, and only results in the game feeling badly written in those spots.  The out-there ""here's an evil thing for Jack to do"" moments seem like last-minute afterthoughts bolted into the plotline and sticking out awkwardly, and don't keep you from reaching the ultimate conclusion that Jack was right all along, and Lilith is the real bad guy in the Borderlands universe.Told you not to play if you didn't want the story turned on its head.So to summarize, as a game, it doesn't measure up to BL2.  In fairness, that's a tough act to follow.  It's still a good game in its own right and viewed as an expansion to BL2 rather than a standalone game it's fantastic.  I know I've been kind of negative here but if you're already familiar with BL2, then telling you it's like an addon for BL2 should cover all the positives.  And if you're not...start with BL2."
76561198133759678,Recommended,261640,33802455,Posted: 25 July,all,PizzaMeister | WANTAPZ,"Overall, the game is extremely amazing but i wish the main quest would have lasted longer."
,Recommended,261640,14251715,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,EpicWheatley,It is alright. The gravity mechanics and amount of content make it far worse than bl2.
,Recommended,261640,32380662,Posted: 12 June,all,not a fink,"Pain without end until you finish it. Great Game, harder than Borderlands 2. The Warrior is a cakewalk compared to the Final Boss of Pre-Sequel."
,Recommended,261640,13504405,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Richard Mcsmythe,"this game is a great game,its fun with the low gravity and double jumping,i dont like how u run out of 0z so easy though"
,Recommended,261640,13373647,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Unleet,"For all the hate and claims that this is just another BL2 I would tend to disagree and say this is a very fun game and can't wait for them to expand it out with the DLCs and various expansions.  By not being a DLC for BL2 they are able to dump some of the mechanics that didn’t work and get a fresh start without high level characters just blowing through it all.A lot of the haters talk about it being not as long at BL2 as though that’s a bad thing.  I personally felt the main campaign in BL2 was too drawn out and made you do too much running around doing menial tasks to draw the story out.  When people talk about how awesome BL2 was they are looking at Tiny Tinas or Torgues or scarlets DLCs.  Just for reference I had all classes to 72 so I went through that painful storyline a LOT.I felt TPS kept a better flow going and the missions weren’t stupid stuff meant to delay me.  Having it be its own game let it dump some of mechanics from BL2 such as Slag which caused all of the higher bosses to be balanced around its use and instead replaced it with Cryo which freezes things solid.The campaign is about the same length or a bit longer than BL1.New weapon type in the Laser, there are a couple of different laser types, the beam type which gradually become harder to hold on target, the railguns which are sorta like a mid range sniper and laser shotguns which aren’t really much different from regular shotguns.  Some of them can be useful but they aren’t earth shattering.The butt slam can be a lot of fun,  I have buddies who will blast through areas just butt slamming everything that moves and giggling like little kids the whole time.As for the classes they bring a different bag of tricks than the BL2 characters.  There is no one character who is completely overpowered like there was in BL2 (I’m looking at you Salvador).There seems to be a bit more attention on characters benefiting each other than there was in BL2.  In BL2 there were only 6 skills that benefited teammates and like three times as many that a group oriented in TPS.Very good game, and I look forward to what they come out with in the future DLCs"
76561198062976322,Recommended,261640,14759685,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Unoriginal,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, on a first time completion, is near brilliant in my terms.The comedy may be lacking compared to the other games, and it may be too heavily pushing the Australian accent thing.But in all honesty, I thoroughly enjoyed the game.The one thing that makes this game brilliant, is that it's a connector. A game in which many questions are answered, a game in which makes you think and look at the other games and go ""Wait, is that guy from this game? Did this lead to that? Oh, that's why that happened."" And so forth.And the lasers, oh my sweet jesus. I freaking love lasers.My overall opinion would give it an 8/10 for it's storyline and how it incorporates itself into the series."
76561198049590116,Recommended,261640,25800070,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MrFreezer,is it a good game?yesis it a good Borderlands game?probably notshould you buy it?when it is on sale
,Recommended,261640,15034654,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Salle,A classic Borderlands game.They tried a bit to hard on the humor and made a bit too many jokes but i still enjoyed it.Would recommend this game to everyone
,Recommended,261640,16207785,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Lucius M Cato,"> How can anyone hate this game its ""godly""."
,Not Recommended,261640,14272596,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,JamieK - 안녕,What i think:I think that this game can ONLY be fun with friends on your first playthrough. after that it is [strike♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/strike].Once you have completed everything then theres not much left and you cannot play it without feeling like you are treading through sludge.PROS & CONSPROS1. Nice classic borderlands feel2. runs well if you can get past the launcher crashes3. okay story4.CO-OP works fineNow for the Cons:CONS1.crashes ALOT2.Game gets very dry towards the end3.Game repeats itself alot4.Fails to keep intrest5.has bad patches6.forces humor on to claptrap(which isnt that funny anyway)7.loads of things in the game are broken8.bosses dont work properly(AT DATE OF TIME WRITTEN)OverallIn short do not get this game. wait for it to be fixed and has proven itself to even be in the same steam library as borderlands 2/1. If you are desperate for new borderlands then you're better off watching a lets play of it in fullscreen pretending to play it with a controller plugged in.
,Recommended,261640,27911718,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Captain Peg Leg Hook,"This was a great game.Although the development stopped and cut this game short, I feel it is still a great game. Some may think they reused legendaries because they were lazy, they may be right, but I feel like if development was still happening this game would have been just as good as 2."
,Recommended,261640,16376895,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"I have played quite a few games again which I initially did not like, and either still disliked them, or found a way to dislike them even more. However, it's incredibly rare that I revisit a game and find myselfreallyenjoying it upon trying it again. I did about 1.5 playthroughs of the Pre-Sequel (which is kinda funny, since the game is ""1.5"" in the series, so there's that), and simply did not enjoy the game. I thought it felt like Borderlands 2 in a crappy setting, and never wanted to play it again. Someone insisted he wanted to play it again, and, wanting to have something to gripe about, I offered to play through it with him so I could complain about the game some more. However, I ended up doing three whole playthroughs of the game, and would like to do more.What changed? The only thing I can think of that's any different is my expectations...and I didn't play as Claptrap. Although a lot of people find him annoying as a character, period, I actually really like him. However, as a vault hunter, I didn't like his skill tree all that much. Of course, my half-playthrough was as Nisha, and I think most people enjoy playing as her, so I don't know. As for my expectations, though, Borderlands 2 had an amazing plot compared to Borderlands 1, and the maps had a lot of environmental variation. In The Pre-Sequel, however, the moon is rocky...all over. There's not a lot of map variation, so that is still a negative, and the plot, though decent, wasn't as good as Borderlands 2.Gameplay-wise, though, I played through the normal difficulty and True Vault Hunter mode with Athena, and the normal difficulty with the Baroness (DLC character who makes cryo element wonderful), andlovedmy time as them. Their skill trees and skills were a ton of fun, and the guns in this game are great, because...well, because they pretty much did copy-paste everything from Borderlands 2 about the guns, then added a laser gun type and called it a day. The low-gravity jumping and quasi-double-jumps were fantastic, and I would actually love to see something like that in the next Borderlands game. Although a lot of stuff felt lazy in his game because it's identical to Borderlands 2, getting new vault hunters, a cryo element that's way better than the slag element it replaces, and various nice gameplay features make this a really enjoyable game.It's rare that I change my mind from severe disappointment to high appreciation, but it happened here. Thank you for existing, The Pre-Sequel, and I'm sorry I hated on you before. <3"
,Recommended,261640,30883044,Posted: 1 April,all,AgentTBone,I (personally) really enjoyed this game. I enjoyed it more than I enjoyed bl2 (because the people I was playing bl2 with completely ruined it for me).I enjoyed The playable characters in this game better than those of bl2. I played as the fragtrap class and really enjoyed the humor. The other classes are also great.Side note: Everyone on the moon is Australian for some reason.
,Recommended,261640,12971331,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cheddard Stark,"My favorite Borderlands game so far. Sure, it's basically a giant DLC for Borderlands 2, but it's fantastic. Storytelling and characterization are in top form. Very excited for the DLC."
,Recommended,261640,32781126,Posted: 25 June,all,MrFlumz,Has alots of guns and also has low gravity plus double jump so that is very nice and funny. story is worse than 2 but gameplays is beter in my opinion
76561198081158742,Recommended,261640,33644087,Posted: 18 July,all,John Smith,"good game, no end game,play once."
,Recommended,261640,16592974,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Crazylight,"PRE SEQUEL! if you guys love Borderlands 1 and 2, there is no doubt you will like this game. It is very much like the previous ones, with only weapons, maps, sceneries, enemies, characters and story difference. Everything else such as gameplay is the same as the old Borderlands. Best game to play a co-op story mode, I cannot think of other FPS co-op game that is as good as this. If you are looking for a game to play with your friends, and you are not into the heavy multiplayer or competitive games, then this is the game for you. Co-op, help each other."
,Recommended,261640,16611701,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Manea64,This game is fun
76561198028255119,Recommended,261640,16616362,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,loulakey,If you like Borderlands 2 you'll like this! It has very similar mechanics with one or two new things. The characters are interesting and getting a little Handsome Jack prequel is nice! It's not a genre defying masterpiece but it is what it says on the pack - Borderlands in space
76561198083558567,Recommended,261640,16618657,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Synfaxi,"For anyone who loves the previous borderlands series you will love this one as well. However, it may not be as fun as borderlands 2 but still it provides a pretty entertaining gameplay! I would still recommend this game except for the DLC's unless it comes in a package for a low price."
76561198072220942,Recommended,261640,16606986,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,"""Innocent"" White Guy","I love this game and it's nice to see how Borderlands 2 became what it was. I'm only recommending it for that reason.This game (unlike the previous 2) lacks nice, few hour long DLCs which is why I am enjoying Borderlands 2 as of now and will go back to Borderlands 1 soon."
,Recommended,261640,16616883,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vebbsify,"this is a pretty good game, but i think that borderlands 2 is much better than this one."
,Recommended,261640,16610419,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mseth,"this game is more suited to people who care about borderlands story, and for people who arent afriad to try something new"
,Recommended,261640,16618141,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[FaZe]_Riley,"If you're completely worn out on Borderlands 2, this is different enough to keep you interested.If you're not completely worn out on Borderlands 2, play that instead. It's more fun."
,Recommended,261640,34047564,Posted: 5 August,all,-DOOMER-,"A very good Boarderlands game.  It's not quite as funny as Boarderlands 2, but its still funny and the new gravity machanic is fun.  Plus, playing as Handsom Jack and Clap Trap is a blast!"
,Not Recommended,261640,16732550,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,3/4 of a ham sandwich,2k australia blows
,Not Recommended,261640,20195363,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kernspalt-Kartoffel,Not nearly as goog as Borderlands 2 + all the Addons are total♥♥♥♥♥♥and not worth the money
76561198140643008,Recommended,261640,20673205,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Fleur Dis Lee,This is a good game i love the comedy.
76561198122823232,Recommended,261640,28273048,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SquidB0i,"When I first started playing this I was having no fun and I did not enjoy it at all. I actually stopped playing it for a few months then I got bored, and I started playing it again. It is a bit difficult if you dont have friends and good weapons. But over all I had fun with it."
,Recommended,261640,21917442,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,maugister,"One of the best modern FPS shooters series continues. What can I say? It's funny, crazy, energetic and very well designed, executed and written. And it has working and well integrated co-op side to it that at best quadruples the fun. Best thing is that they keep the quality stable with every sequel. You get what you deserve. Recommended."
,Recommended,261640,21907055,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DJ McMayhem,"Borderlands 2: 115 hours on record, and still rising.Borderlands TPS: 27 hours, probably not going to go up much.It's definitely a great game, and I do recommend it, but BL2 is WAAAAAY better. I only recommend this if you've played BL2, loved it, and want a little more. All in all, it feels like a longer higher priced BL2 DLC."
76561198072162356,Recommended,261640,21911014,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,RocketMann,"It was a fun game, not as good as borderlands 2 but still good."
76561198125476954,Recommended,261640,34246153,Posted: 14 August,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjenson,Everybody hates on it but I enjoy it more than bl2 because of its lasers
,Recommended,261640,34225496,Posted: 13 August,all,Pinkiechu,"Abso-♥♥♥♥ing-lutely amazing! Low-grav is great. Ice elementals weapons are great. Butt slams are great! The Claptrap DLC is incredible! Good story. Funny references. Beautiful setting. A few glitches, but not game ruining. Also, this made me fall in love with Handsome Jack."
76561198088596987,Recommended,261640,13546191,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,YEEZAR,"This has a classic borderlands story. But this game is a lot different, it is funnier, awesome new characters, and the best thing is how  you play. You cannot just rush through a part you have to kill enemies so you can get air or stop in a air dome. Overall very good game."
,Recommended,261640,13898223,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,UncleDazz,"Not a bad game in general, but im afraid it doesnt compete with borderlands 2, as a lot of people would agree. its mainly just a filler though so borderlands 2 makes sense. still reccomentd it to uncover those unanswered questions left in its after-prequel-sequel thing ;)"
,Recommended,261640,13592570,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,makyam1,"Please read fully. Even though I recommend this game I also do not recommend buying it at the same time.I am a hardcore Borderlands fan, but in a weird way. My experience will annoy true Borderlands fans. Reason being is that I started with Borderlands 2 on PS3 when it was free for Plus members. I enjoyed the game so much that I bought all the DLC to it and then I bought it on PC plus all the DLC again. I have at least over 150 hours on PS3 but I only have 25 hours on PC.Now for the Pre-Sequal,Pros -Feels exactly like Borderlands 2Loot system is okay (I find legendary items too many times in the item of the day in all machines) I have only gotten one legendary from a chest and one legendary from the grinder, I've recieved 3 legendaries from machines. I havn't gotten one from any enemy yet. (Over 50 hours of playtime, 3 character playthroughs)Baddass Rank is same as always.There is a rare Maliwan gun that isnt elemental which I love. You recieve it as a mission copletion reward.Cons -Every character has a stackable skill tree (I hated stacks)The game can bug out a ton while dual weilding with either nisha or fragtrap.In the vein of helios there is a bug where you can become frozen forever so you will never be able to run normally again. You wont take damage from it though.If you mix the right set of skill points in one of fragtraps skill trees and then you add a elemental resistince shield and elemental resistince class mod you will basically never go into fight for your life nor will you ever lose your shields. I went through the holodome DLC and never went down even during the badass round. So yaNow the reasonings I say you should buy it.This game should not be 60$ So if you can, buy it when it is on sale. This game is worth buying but not at the huge price tag. People say that this game is a huge DLC. IT IS NOT A DLC It has an amazing dialogue, an amazing story, amazing backstories (Although the jack mission you get from Tales from the borderlands is total bull), also amazing character skill trees besides the stacks that is.The reasons I dont recommend this game is that it is a game that if you skip over your not misssing much. Watching a gameplay of the campaign is good enough. The ending of this game does tie into Borderlands 3 (which i cant wait for). The game has way too many bugs that Gearbox isnt even fixing with the DLC content they are putting out.  The DLC content is not up to what I expected, but it still is amazing how much they are doing for free.In my opinion this game is really good, but it is up to you whether or not to buy it."
76561198143766816,Recommended,261640,12916926,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Flossyformula,Love this game
76561198258698124,Recommended,261640,35351548,Posted: 30 September,all,I8TunKop,Borderlands on the moon (if everyone had an australian accent).
,Recommended,261640,14754089,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Nix Triple Six,Like Borderlands 2 but on the moon.10/10
76561197979983948,Recommended,261640,19607984,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,BigSmoke,Very cool addition to the borderland franchise love the new game play mechanics.  And the story is hilarious just like borderlands 2!!
,Recommended,261640,15591858,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,KBXCN,"Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel takes place on Pandora's moon, Elpis. Which is basically Pandora's Australia.I'm not so sure about this one, it adds a few nice, new elements to the Borderland's Experience:- Laser shotguns! (Explosions not included.)- Epic loot! (For the third time around...!)- You now need Oxygen outside of the thousands of artificial atmospheres! And Oxygen Geysers...!- Level exploiting! (Which is probably in the first two anyways.)- Be an annoying robot that can easily ♥♥♥♥ your entire team over by sending you off the edge because you're all now ♥♥♥♥in' bouncy!- Take control of a gun that can't shut it's mouth! (It's really god damned vulgar...! AND ANNOYING!)I'd rather have the core that tried to kill me a few hundred times before I turned it into a shield.- 99.9% of the moon has an Australian accent.11/10 would look into the subjective agendas hidden within the game.For the love of all that is holy, I want to erase the♥♥♥♥♥♥gun from the game's code."
76561198063920595,Not Recommended,261640,33066544,Posted: 30 June,all,Egres122,"If you liked Borderlands 2 but thought it would be more fun in space, you were wrong. Go play Borderlands 2 again."
,Recommended,261640,35421975,Posted: 2 October,all,Animag,"Compared to Borderlands 2, it's better basically. Skill trees are way more interesting and Ultimate Vault Hunter mode isn't a crazy jump in difficulty. Also, slag is no longer a must-have, mainly because it doesn't exist in this game.And yet, it's still in my honest opinion worse than Borderlands 2 because of one thing: quantity. The amount of gameplay hours are waaay worse than what you get from BL2. I'm usually not one to pick quantity over quality, but here it's just too much.With that said, it's still an amazing game, just not as amazing as its predecessor."
,Recommended,261640,18291510,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,EpicSauce087,It is different I guess
,Recommended,261640,14911145,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Olly,current favourite borderlands because i havent played it to death yet
76561198143011868,Recommended,261640,17157270,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,GaussCannon,"If you're a borderlands fan, you will like this game. The only downside to it is that is it similar the the others minus the low gravity and lazers."
,Recommended,261640,14540333,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Supreme Gentleman,"It's pretty good. New character classes are fun, gameplay is largely the same with a few new mechanics. It's shorter than BL2, but if you can get it on sale I'd say it's worth it."
,Recommended,261640,21305135,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Scrotum Jim,"9/10When compared to the other Borderlands games, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel might actually come up on top. Despite it's expensive price tag, the Pre-Sequel is special in its own way.Having more story rich elements than the other Borderlands games, the Pre-Sequel also has this great Sci-Fi feel to it. The ""space-y"" atmosphere and great graphics really make this game worth the time and money.The only reason this doesn't deserve a 10/10: The game was a bit lacking in content. It takes just under 24 hours to complete without side-quests, and even then, the Pre-Sequel world feels sparse and lacking in certain elements that make the game feel more like a Borderlands title.Despite this, I highly recommend this game when its on SALE. Not worth the $39.00, but well worth the money when under 30 dollars."
76561198167717094,Recommended,261640,35458815,Posted: 3 October,all,[FOG] Bad Rats master,ok game not much dlc or content as the second one
,Not Recommended,261640,15623950,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Pervert-Head,"More of the same. expect memes, Less of those."
,Recommended,261640,12988473,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Garf18BL,"If you enjoyed Borderlands 2, or the series at all, or fun FPS-RPGs, I would recommend this highly."
76561198106346352,Not Recommended,261640,28681763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DrinkableTea,"I wish I could say that I liked this game. After coming from borderlands 2, I had high expectations but all I got was a giant, low-effort fetch quest trying to piggyback on the success of the previous installments.."
76561198022316167,Recommended,261640,12884050,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Avo_Ca_Do,"This isn't just a big expansion for Borderlands 2 this is it's own game in many ways which i can't be brothered to tell anybody, cause i'm a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,261640,12980290,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Soluna,It's Borderlands in Space!!Absolutely loved the new characters - fantastic lineup of very interesting personalities.
76561198041229907,Not Recommended,261640,14190897,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Moonunit707,"Pros:+New location with low gravity+New weapon type (lasers) and weapon element (freeze/ice/frost)+New characters with slightly different and unique talentsCons:-Just about every legendary weapon is recycled, nothing really new to get excited for-Short campaign, half the quality and quantity of Borderlands 2 or 1-Bosses don't respawn for extra chances at legendary loot-Retail price is rediculous. $59.99 for a rehashed filler game. Should have released for $39.99, then dropped to $19.99 6months down the road, because its that bad.-Pandora's moon, Elpis is a bland and boring location with nothing really new to look at throughout.Overall I don't recommend this game, especially for $60+ If you just can't get enough borderlands, then wait to grab this game on sale like I did. Don't buy unless it's 50% off or more. Hope this helps."
76561197996621035,Recommended,261640,13752640,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Serelius,"Very amusing story.  Game play is the same as the past two games, but the humour is what carries it!"
,Recommended,261640,16395781,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Vash,"Its great, but not better than Borderlands 1 & 2. Recomended."
76561198130311526,Recommended,261640,14026379,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,SR- Cake,OK this game is right in the middle of the borderlands timeline if you dont get it here is an exampleborderlands---->borderlands-the pre sequel----->borderlands 2ok this game is quite good execpt the not respawnable bosses the grinder is a very good feature added to this game i like it i got a lot of legendaries thorugh the grinder the handsome jack dlc is very very good but the holodome is....meh but too be honest this game is not perfect just like every game out there (except on realm of the mad god)<------- this game is just too♥♥♥♥♥♥so here is my review7/10 im quite satisfied of the results hopefully there will be more dlc's to come like a fan spectulation the fall of new havendamn cant wait for that if it gets announced and alsoLASERS GUNS BABY
76561198060905938,Recommended,261640,13196859,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,uh Topia,One of the best games i have ever played. really addictive.
,Not Recommended,261640,14298340,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,mr Green,"this is by far the worst part of the borderlands trioligy. having played part 1 about 300 hours and part 2 about 400 hours, i dont feel like playing this part again after having played 4 characters to lv 15, and 1 character completing the normal mode. sure it was nice to hear about the histories of main characters in part 2; but could have seen that on youtube as well.  If this game is on your wishlist, but you havent played borderlands 1 or borderlands 2, i would suggest spending your cash on them instead."
76561198137732247,Recommended,261640,19919839,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Smile,"Jumping simulatorIf you're a fan of bl2 or you're expecting it to be nearly as good as bl2,you can forget about getting this game.(Tps=the pre-sequel,bl2 =borderlands 2)Weapons:•THE PRE-SEQUEL HAS LESS GUNS THAN BL2(If Im not mistaken,there are only 4 legendarys for the shotgun),for a game that cost almost 3times the price of bl2(the game of the year edition of bl 2 cost HK68 and tps with the season pass cost HK162),this must be a joke.•The game replaced the Seraph weapons with Glitch weapons,and removed the pearlscent and E-tech weapons.Yep,they just removed it and didn't even bother to replace them.Tps did add a new type of weapon,laser which uses its own kind of ammo like shotgun and sniper,but even with the added gun type,the no. weapons in tps is still nowhere near the ones in bl2.•And the worst of all, even though they removed most of the legendarys,you still get to see the ones in bl2,just not the favorites such as infinity,norfleet,the bee...I could go on but I won't .But I could.Characters:•I will be honest,most of the newly added characters aren't nearly as lovable as the ones in bl2,some of them are even downright annoying(Far more annoying than CL4P-TP).•And the increased character dialogue really isn't helping,the character you choose basically talks too much(at least for Lady Hammerlock,I am ♥♥♥♥ing sick of hearing her brag how rich she is)•The Humor in tps is..... different from the humor in bl2(at least for me it is ),I would prefer they stick to the humor in bl2.Skills:•The character's skills are far different from bl2.In Tps you won't get to play as the siren or the gunzerker,and the character that have skills to mains sniper is locked in a dlc expansion,yep the type of character you get to play for free in bl and bl2 (Mordecai in bl and Zer0 in bl2 ) needs you to pay to play as.•Personally,I think the game encourages co-op to much,some characters have a whole page(each character has three pages of skill tree )dedicated to co-op,just look at CL4P-TP's skill tree.This wouldn't be an issue,if the game didn't cost three times as bl2,then maybe there would be more players.Campaign:•The story mission really isn't as interesting as the one in bl2 and there's only one DLC that has a story campaign(CL4P-TP's),there were 4 DLC story campaigns in bl2.Here are the reasons why I would recommend this game1.One of the key features In the tps,the low gravity level design.I have to admit,even though the levels can sometimes be frustrating,I had so much fun playing in the low gravity areas.2.You get to crush ppl with your♥♥♥♥♥BUTT SLAM )3.With the increased character dialogue,each character has his/her own unique dialogue when interacting with others.4.The Grinder-A crafting station that lets you trade up your equipment to get better equipment (for example,grinding three purple may give you a legendary ),since gearbox decreased the no.of guns,grinding for specific legendarys are easier.5.You get to play as Jack........the doppelganger.(DLC required)6.You get to play as CL4P-TPHere are the reasons why I wouldn't recommend this game1.They biggest difference of tps from bl2 is the low gravity jumping2.It cost way much when compared to bl2 which is a turn down to most bl2 fans"
,Recommended,261640,12736302,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[Redux] Ryan Covolski,This game is sexy im not talking the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sexy this is the double down bigguns sexy I mean mmm baby a triple kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥and that alone is.. 10/10 gg m9 no rey
,Not Recommended,261640,24575423,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gaze,"This game was more annoying than fun. They were trying way too hard to stereotype australians as the inhabitants of the moon. None of the new NPC characters were even remotely funny and most of the time just made me go ""God I wish you would just SHUT UP"". The new playable characters while still cool didn't bring much new to the table (also I know Claptrap is supposed to be annoying and gimmicky but they are trying way too hard with the playable claptrap).The only real highlights of the game was when old characters made an appearance (Jack, Torgue, Tina and others) and those were far and wide to come by in the game.The story doesn't add anything interesting either. Jack's road to corruption is as bland as bland comes.The new laser weapons are also terrible. The trailers made such a big deal out of these laser weapons and they function like trash.Just play Borderlands 2. Skip out on this one"
,Recommended,261640,25277027,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Swungsty,"It's basically a huge Borderlands 2 DLC.Not bad, but not better than Borderlands 2 in the slightest.If you wish to buy this just view it as an add-on to Borderlands 2, rather than its own standalone product."
76561198023470181,Recommended,261640,16905449,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Xiali,Good game. Weapons not as good and Borderlands 2 though.
76561197971383645,Recommended,261640,27349285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Unknown,"Fun game. Goes well in the line of the Borderlands game. Great co-op, always fun to play with friends and above all, yea Claptrapp :p"
76561198002124849,Recommended,261640,29905905,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Best shooting/skill mechanics in the series, worst narrative."
76561198060393367,Recommended,261640,25378642,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,N-Jeen,"I really enjoyed this chapter of the Borderlands saga. I don't get why people criticize BLTPS, I had lots of fun, I liked the story and its characters, and I really appreciated the implement of PLayale Characters interactions between each others and with NPCs, which was something needed from the first Borderlands game to add details to the gameplay and environment of the game.I only have minor complaints, like the ""boring"" jump mechanic, that is absolutely irrilevant to the gameplay and the overall fun ""stat"" of the game, and the not great variety of sceneries outside of maybe the Helios Station and the Vault, absolutely normal and justified since the whole game is set on the moon.I did not purchase the Baroness DLC, but I like these Vault Hunters and I'm happy we can learn more on characters who only made a small appearence in the previous games.I completed the story a few times alone and I am currenlty waiting for my friends to purchase the game so we can enjoy BLTPS together.In the end, I totally recommend Borderlands the Pre-Sequel expecially if you are a fan of the whole BL saga."
76561198063185839,Recommended,261640,19090791,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,Pretty Good.
,Not Recommended,261640,12811939,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Noodles,"So I've put some time into this game, and I can surely say that the pricetag of $60.00 is definetely not worth it. What you're basically getting when you buy this game is a shorter, and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥version of Boderlands 2. If you are new to the series, then start with BL1 or BL2, this is definetely not the game to start on, as it is the worst in the series. Don't get me wrong, the game isn't bad, it just isn't worth $60.00 and definetely doesn't live up to the expectations that I and lots of others had for it.Pros:- Very interesting and well written storyline- Playable characters talk and say different things about the story depending on what character you've chosen- Good replay value- Interesting side quests and characters- Cool looking future DLCCons:- Glitches in missions that prevent you from progressing in the story unless you join an online match- Re-named and re-skined legendaries that don't have the special effects that they had in BL2, Ex: the conference call doesn't shoot from the sides anymore it shoots as a normal shotgun would- Short storyline- Farming for legendaries isn't as strong as it was in BL2, you get them mostly out of the grinder- Connection issues where you can't connect to any games and it just keeps searching for matches in matchmakingOverall, this game is very fun and well made if not compared to BL2. In all honesty the game was a big dissapointment for me, and I would advise waiting for the christmas sales or a price drop. I would say not to go any higher than $30.00 if you really don't want to be dissapointed."
76561198109820187,Recommended,261640,13766556,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,STMHassett,"This is for the Borderlands fans who wanted something new. It's not really even near the sheer scale or depth of Borderlands 2, but that doesn't mean it's bad by any means. If you're a Borderlands fan and you need a new fix, then buy it. Don't expect this to be Borderlands 3, think of it more as a much needed step in between.The whole 'in space' aspect of the game is stupidly fun and gives it enough of a different feel to be refreshing, without changing the basics of the game. The characters are fantastic as always and the new vault hunters are pretty damn good too! The lasers are interesting to play with, and the new cryo element is cool.It isn't a game without it's flaws, by any means. The fact it doesn' come close to Borderlands 2 in size or variety in Legendary loot does sometimes leave you longing for more of the past games, but it's still stupidly fun. Well worth what I paid, and if you happen to find this game on sale - just buy the damn thing!My one major upset - I miss slag."
,Recommended,261640,13714308,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,cox,"SPAAACE!Please spatial-dogs, don't kill me!"
76561198015941974,Recommended,261640,13766577,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ruydiazmiocid,"If you love Borderlands, you will love this game. If you didn't love it already, maybe not."
76561198015939244,Not Recommended,261640,12741649,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Spitfire,"Ruined by the pseudo 'Stralian/cockney voice acting,especially from some little tyke by the name of Pickles.I have to turn the sound off whenever his voice part arrives."" cor, luverly,bang, crash...etc"" pity there isnt an option to blast his  character to oblivion.No where as good as BL 2."
76561197982812792,Not Recommended,261640,12767508,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ShortyMcDerp,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sqeuel, the boring ""half-MMORPG""It's basically a 50 euro expansion, because i just don't think there is enough (new) content to call this a game on it's own.I know i may sound like an angry ranting kid but its because i'm so disappointed by how this game turned out.I loved the fast-paced combat and the ""adventure-y"" feel of Borderlands (1) and the game in general (i have played probably several hundred hours of it outside of steam). I liked Borderlands 2, although not as much and not for the same reasons obviously, and only to about lvl 35 (although i got to lvl 63 i didnt enjoy it and only did it because i, for some reason, wanted to get to lvl 72).This, however is just... trash, or a simple cash grab.This game has a more serious tone than its predecessors, which really doesnt work well with all the bad jokes they cram into it, especially the meme-jokes. I dont really think the seriousness fits the borderlands atmosphere in general.They ♥♥♥♥ed up the characters. For example both Moxxy and Lilith are just bossy and ♥♥♥♥♥y, theyre not Moxxy and Lilith. They even had to ♥♥♥♥ up Mr Torgue.The new characters are just annoying and bland, not funny or special in any way. Both Nina and that pesky kid are just annoying clichés that make me wanna bash their heads in whenever they talk.If this game is supposed to tell us how Jack became the person he was in BL2 it doesnt do a very good job. Sure, Jack is sort of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when you first meet him, but after one certain ""event"" he becomes a psycho and sort of hates everyone. But he's not consistent; he sometimes starts caring in his own way only to switch back to a psycho the next time he talks without anything really happening inbetween.Besides, he should already be sort of a psychopath when you first meet him since he among other things imprisoned Angel before even the first Borderlands (listen to all the ECHO recordings in this game and BL2 and you'll notice that he did evil things before even this game). Speaking of, where is Angel?There seems to be plot holes, inconsistencies and quite a few things left unexplained. It sometimes feel as if theyve skipped parts of the story or rushed them, which doesnt make sense since it's already too short.The playable characters however are sort of good, as characters, but still feel underdeveloped. However what they say sometimes seem out of place, as if they were meant to answer something else, or they just sound weird.The new skill trees are bland, unimaginative and full of skills that grant you stacks of something or gives you a stat boost after you reload your gun or make an enemy bleed, or something like that. It doesn't feel like it makes a big difference and just doesn't feel worthwhile.The whole game has some sort of social justice warrior attitude. I thought games were supposed to be fun and interesting, not about having political opinions shoved in your face. Even if it was, I really dont think this is the kind of game to do it in. (Sometimes it stinks of ""If you don't think like us youre an ignorant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"", which is pretty ironic, and just childish.)They even had to come up with lame replacements for ""bad words"". If we're ok with killing thousands of people and animals i dont think we'll freak out because of some swearing or Jack saying ""♥♥♥♥♥"" (as in ""son of a ..."").Oh, and the gender focus, just drop it already! Sometimes the whole game feels like some kind of  propaganda.The maps dont have enough New-U stations, and youre gonna die a lot, not just because of the enemies but because of the bugs and poor vehicle handling.Everything feels grindy and repetitive, especially since youre forced to walk long distances pretty often just to fetch a certain item or kill # amount of enemies just to go straight back afterwards.Enemies can spawn 5 meters in front of you, in plain sight!Old bugs from Borderlands 2 are in this game. That's just lazy...The environments all look the same. I know the moon is basically a lifeless rock but they should be able to come up with something else except rocks and lava.The novelty of low gravity and the ""oz kits"" wears off quickly. It feels as if youre moving in slow motion and if you jump and use the oz kit to propel forward your just gonna run out of air quickly and youre making yourself an extremely easy target for anyone with a gun. I stopped using it in combat after a while because i would almost always die while trying to butt slam enemies.Writing is just bad, bland and often cheesy. Barely any funny jokes. Its mostly just ""politically correct"", childish and worn out jokes that just aren't funny and you can often see them coming miles away. The worst part with this is that the game thinks its sooo funny when it really isn't, and that tone becomes very annoying.It seems that you will only understand some jokes if you live in australia or are familiar with australian culture. I think that was a stupid decision since, i believe, most players wont understand them.Fetch quests...(I know there were fetch quests in the other games but they were not as simple, tedious and repetitive as in this game.)The objects you have to fetch are often placed in opposite corners of the map that you cant reach with the vehicles, making it take even longer to complete them. Like someone else wrote; theyve decided to make every mission like that ""Fire cult"" mission-line in BL2.Backtracking, way too much, way too often.It's as if this series is slowly changing into an MMO. Missions are boring and generic. Guns are weak and enemies can take a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of damage. I sometimes found myself trying to avoid combat because its so slow and its as if i have to shoot even common/normal enemies 30 times in the face to kill them. I HATE bullet sponges, it makes combat extremely boring, no matter what game we're talking about.I dont really understand why ""fight for your life"" is in the game anymore, every enemy just runs away as soon as you enter it, almost like a child running away from you screaming ""ha, ha! You cant catch me"" after shooting you in the knees. Dont get me wrong i like the concept and mechanic, but it is useless when every enemy quickly runs away and hides as soon as you enter fight for your life.Enemies with railguns or beam guns kill you in about 2 seconds, literally!Loot drops are uncommon, and good loot, blue or better, is very rare (or i was just very unlucky) making the enemies take even longer to kill. Like someone said; it doesnt matter if you have 87 bazillion guns if you only get 60 of them.As i wrote before; the guns are weak, and it seems they buffed recoil on every gun, after a few shots you cant even hit a mech standing 6m away making gatling guns, assault rifles and most SMGs basically useless in most situations. Accuracy overall seems to be reduced as well, a gun with 90 accuracy in this game is like a gun with around 75-80 in BL2.Potential Spoilers- The worst ending in any video game ive played, a pathetic cliché. It's as if theyre trying to open up for a crappy, generic, ""good vs evil"" sci-fi MMO. This is what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most, beyond words.- WTF did they do to the eridian guardians? They look like something out of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ anime! Besides, i thought they were supposed to be guardians of the vaults not some ♥♥♥♥ing ""defenders against evil"". Why did this change?- The last boss was just too easy and unimaginative, and, imo, belonged more in a fantasy universe than borderlands (I actually think i've seen something very much like it in another game, cant remember which, though). Weirdly enough the boss before the last one was the hardest, and it was too hard (it carpet bombed the whole arena).The only things i liked about this game is that the player characters actually talk, the laser guns, and the cryo-guns (which, imo, should have been in BL2 instead of slag)."
76561198058513804,Not Recommended,261640,13220580,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Vaerynn,"I uninstalled this game.I've currently spent 438 hours on Borderlands 2.I spent 17 hours on Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal is the worst game I have ever played. And I'll admit I don't play a lot of games;I am usually content with the decisions I make when I purchasing games. This however, was the first and last straw - when I pre-ordered this game I put my faith in the company to produce me with an enjoyable experience, even if it wasn't to the same extent of Borderlands 2 - it HAD to be enjoyable. I expected an average game and decent amount of content - and this was a mistake on my part and flat out terrible consumer practice. I regret every cent I put towards Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal and the decision made now feels like a cascading nightmare upon my reality.It has become abundantly clear that the developers involved are hell bent on poor business practices. Ripping off consumers by stripping game content to then later sell as ""DLC"". It is blindingly obvious in this game that is already over priced for the amount of content you receive.The truth about this game is that it is Borderlands 2 with its very soul ripped out. If you like Borderlands or want to see what a good borderlands game is like buy / continue playing Borderlands 2. There is absolutly no reason to buy this game over borderlands 2. Otherwise keep clear of these games and be very cynical of developers like 2K Australia (Games) and Gearbox Software.They have lost another consumer, my deprived wallet will no longer support your bad practices and games. Good riddance.﻿"
,Not Recommended,261640,13594924,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,pancake,This game may be for you if you like australians and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ accent. Borderlands 2.5 the worse addtion. This is what happens when people make moneycows and the♥♥♥♥♥♥1 year development cycle. The game is a retextured borderlands 2 (so basicly COD) . This is worse than Assassins creed unity. If you played borderlands 2 ever its ♥♥♥♥ing boring. The only new feature is you can go behind ported moxies bar and look at her♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. M Eight hundred eigthy eight m8. This review is worth more than the game. ITs literally better than the exe file pay 60$ to read reviews (New valve money farm). Overall GOTY.
,Recommended,261640,14341467,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hal 9000,"A sadistic sheriff whipped my Greek shield which I then threw at, and killed, the final boss.7.8/10Too much water"
,Recommended,261640,30803476,Posted: 28 March,all,Andrey,claptrap
76561197993637743,Recommended,261640,25809334,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Reprodutor,"You will hear a lot of bad things about this game but trust me on this one:THIS GAME IS AMAZING.Top 5 reasons to buy it:1. It will make you laugh (seriously);2. Grind Weapons into better ones;3. Butt slam and extra mobility;4. Shops: Now they actually sell good guns and shields and have an improved method to sell your junk;5. Laser guns and Torgue's hate against them.I seriously don't understand the hate towards this game because, FOR ME, the gameplay is actually better than BL2.I enjoyed it so much that I thought this game deserved a positive review. Additionally, I think this is the most UNDERRATED game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,261640,13788111,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,super speed drive,game makes me lauhg too hard i cant focus on the gameplay  :(
,Recommended,261640,17321131,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Child Consumer,WHITE SUPREMACY CAPITALIST PATRIARCY this game is awesome but the WHITE SUPREMACY CAPITALIST PATRIARCY is everywhere just like santa claus its better than what fans say I've been a fan since 2010 but I still think its good and on the same level with borderlands 2WHITE SUPREMACY CAPITALIST PATRIARCY
56790043358954345,Recommended,261640,18705056,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Flaming Bandit,I don't understand why this game gets the hate it gets. Sure its not Borderlands 2 but it was ment to give Jack's backstory and show new mecanics that can be used in Borderlands 3. I do not think the game is worth $40 so try and wait for a sale they come around fairly ofyen
76561197975013840,Not Recommended,261640,13043746,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Daddio,"I used to really enjoy borderlands...1 & 2 were terrific. This one has devolved in to a similar storyline, similar quests, run back and forth in circles to get to your quest goal, childish humor (which I would enjoy if it was actually funny, but constant cursing and body references are not really that funny) lots of overly easy bosses only to run into one or two  that are impossible to get past without multiple players. It is boring and frustrating all at the same time. So many hours, and yet I believe I am done with the Borderlands franchise...."
76561198067192203,Recommended,261640,13152906,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Empty Billabong,ooooooh yeaaaaah
76561198035735336,Not Recommended,261640,28834469,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Odoku,"If you really want to play some more Borderlands, just replay BL2 and pick up whatever DLC you havent tried yet. This game is basically just a worse version of Borderlands 2 with worse writing and lower gravity. Oxygen mechanic adds nothing to the game except occasioanly forcing you to stop exploring for a couple seconds. I havent gotten very far into the game and I dont have any compelling reason to keep going. Ive just reinstalled BL2."
,Recommended,261640,12933810,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,sailb0ats,Great addition to the Borderlands family.
,Recommended,261640,16352344,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DWYCK,Very solid game WHILE playing with friends but when playing by yourself gets boring but if your a BLANDS fan BUY NOW
76561198110061060,Recommended,261640,16822281,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,UnFaZeN™,"I totally love the Borderlands series, having invested over 600+ hours and counting in Borderlands 2. I love the artwork, humor, dialogue, quirky characters, and the GUNS. Borderlands 2 was one of the best games I've ever played and will always hold a special place in my heart.However, this review is not on Borderlands 2, but on Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. Yes, it has incurred a ton of criticism for not being as large as Borderlands 2, falling short in places, and it retaining most of the gameplay features and mechanics from Borderlands 2. However, this was to be expected. Gearbox Software had repeatedly stated that Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel would not be as large as Borderlands 2 and would be built off of it, being more of an ""extended"" expansion pack. In addition, the development cycle for the Pre-Sequel was only 2 years, and it would certainly be tough to craft an entirely new game that would wow fans and blow them off their seats at E3.Despite that, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel has some flaws that cannot be denied. (Let's go look at the cons first)1) The unbelievable price tag.Although this game is certainly good and it would be a great thing to support the devs, I feel like forking out $60 USD is definitely not worth the content. Even worse, if you wanted to grab the Season Pass with all the DLC, the price would be even higher. For a game that doesn't contain that much material and substance as Borderlands 2, I find that unacceptable. I bought the Pre-Sequel + The Season Pass bundle for around $25 and I find that a much better buy that is worth the money. $60 for a main game that lasts you barely 20+ hours (including completion of side missions and the main campaign) is not worth the buckaroos in my opinion.2) The endgame.Borderlands 2 had a great endgame with far more replayability than the Pre-Sequel's endgame. In Borderlands 2, even after you've completed the side missions, you still had tons of stuff to do, bosses to farm, and loot to acquire. In the Pre-Sequel, I felt strangely lost and aimless after completing the main campaign and main side missions. There was not much left to do and I wasn't as motivated to go for multiple playthroughs.With the cons out of the way, let's go into what makes this game stand out from Borderlands 2.1) Player-characters.Let's face it. The Pre-Sequel has the best player-characters in the franchise. I had tons of fun experimenting with WIlhelm, Athena, and Nisha, and I've yet to play as the other 3 characters, which is something I look forward to doing. The difference between each character is noticeable and the playstyle you adopt varies with the character you choose. You can't play Wilhelm the way you play Nisha and vice versa. In addition, I love how some of the dialogue differs with the player-character you pick. It's a small touch, but I feel that it adds to the characterization and personality of each player-character, which was something missing from Borderlands 2. In Borderlands 2, I felt like a silent participant of events. Your character doesn't talk much and doesn't give any verbal responses to questions or happenings in the story; but in the Pre-Sequel, you get to see how each individual player-character responds in the same situation. One of the few reasons I went for multiple playthroughs was to experiment with the different playable characters and hear their unique dialogue.2) Story.Although the story isn't the most intriguing and engaging one I've experienced as of yet, I felt that while it is shorter than Borderlands 2, it is better in certain aspects. While the story of Borderlands 2 was easy to craft since the Borderlands lore had plenty of area to explore and improvise on, linking the events of Borderlands 2 with another event is something different. I enjoyed seeing how the game portrayed a somewhat heroic and actually likable Jack slowly transforming into the villain he would eventually become in Borderlands 2. This game gives some background information to Borderlands 2 and once you've played this game, you can play Borderlands 2 from a new perspective and view Handsome Jack a little differently.3) Added features.I personally loved the addition of lasers, the cyro element, and low-g environments since they added new depth to the game. Lasers are diverse and they are extremely fun to tinker with. The glitch weapons from the Claptastic DLC are also awesome and I would recommend getting that DLC or the Season Pass if you want the whole lot of DLCs and playable characters.In conclusion, this reskinned Borderlands 2 has its flaws and upsides, and it does balance them out quite evenly. I wouldn't recommend buying this game at its current price of $60, but buy it during the summer or year-end sale and you'll get something worth your money. If the price is low enough, go ahead and the get the Season Pass too. Just as long as you're a fan of the Borderlands series and are not expected something similar to the scale of Borderlands 2, you won't regret obtaining this game."
76561198041637499,Recommended,261640,17401058,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Slim Chainsaw Fan,"A game that initially had me skeptical at first that eventually had me hooked due to some enjoyable gameplay changes such as low gravity and a few more weapon changes such as laser weapons and an ice element.From someone who is a fan of the Borderlands series and plans on picking it up, be noted; this game is much better at a sale price. While it can be enjoyed by anyone who liked Borderlands 1 or 2, there is very little in this game that really changes the formula, so come into the game with the right expectations."
76561198002763237,Recommended,261640,27915341,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xebrus,"While Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a decent game on its own, compared to the other games in the franchise it feels like there's something missing. The spark isn't quite gone, but it's changed, somehow, in a way I can't describe.There are new elements to the game that weren't in Borderlands 2 -- ground slams, ice weapons, frickin' laser beams -- but it just doesn't feel like the same kind of run-gun-fun I've come to enjoy the series for, and it doesn't feel like it's building on its predecessor. The action feels clunky, the game world is twice as large and half as interesting as it needs to be, and there have already been numerous complaints levelled against the writing that I am electing not to add mine to. Overall, the mechanics are the same, sure, but the game you're using those mechanics in doesn't quite live up to its legacy.Get the game. Play it. It's good. But if you want the best entry in the series, take a trip back to Pandora."
,Recommended,261640,16788537,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Shippuden,"I really love Borderlands 2 , so i pre-ordered this . but it's not good as bl2the story has not anything special , i can explain it in 5 min . of course there is something really really important in last scene ( SPOILER ,WAR IS COMING. )i really don't recommend this game , I think if you just buy Borderlands 2 and Tales from borderlands is much better than 30$8.5/11"
,Not Recommended,261640,13725008,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Professional loli inseminator,"Meh. If you love the humor and combat of the previous Borderlands games then you will be disappointed with this game.The writing at times is just meh, I don't really care about what's going on at all with the inhabitants of the moon. I'd recommend buying this game only if it's on sale, and buy the DLC with the extra 10 levels, or the Jack character because the base game IS NOT WORTH IT. I bought the game for $30 during the holiday sale. THE GAME IS NOT WORTH $60.Sjw propaganda, everybody needs to be gay because sjw propaganda, meme jokes, crap weapons, short story, tedious missions, and oxygen/gravity mechanic got old really quick.You can't refight bosses. Who thought this was a good idea?Just more of the same Gearbox nonsense, but worse. Shooting wasn't good, and after spending a lot of hours of Borderlands 2 I couldn't endure their endless posturing anymore.Fallout 4 is a better Borderlands game than the Presequel could ever hope to be and I hated Fallout 4. The game is short as ♥♥♥♥, and the story is as deep as a puddle; that is, very shallow. The final boss was meh, the loot is meh.Too bad we'll never have a game that makes Vault Hunting as exciting and fun as Tales from the Borderlands made it out to be.- short- even worse writing than bl2- overpriced character dlc+ less reliance on vehicles+ grinder let you turn trash into useful items+ lasers"
,Recommended,261640,12991541,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,los angelegs clippers,im gay for janey springer
,Recommended,261640,23723837,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Aboar,If you like borderlands 2 and want more: buyIf you dislike borderlands 2 or don't want more: pass this one8/10 game10/10 pc port
76561198032252752,Recommended,261640,15927845,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ultrapyre (ˊ● ω ●ˋ),"So, I realize most of the critique given to this game by other seem to be centered around the hubbub it caused at launch. There's no denying that this game was a bit on the rickety side when it first came out. Bugs, non-farmable stuff, the feeling that it was more of the same, etc... Well, now that it's settled down a bit, I can write a proper review on this.I would've made the review on how the game holds up on its own merits. But the problem is that this was meant to be played after you wrung Borderlands 1 & 2 like a wet sponge and pretty much knew what was going on on both stories, so the game does assume you've played those two first. So here's my first criticism on it, it's pretty much impossible to review this without making comparisons to the other games because it assumes you've played them first. Fortunately, I have, so I can at least start spluttering on it.On its very first glance, it may look like Borderlands 2 with a spacey background. Well, in essence it pretty much is, but there are a lot of new things added which makes it stand out from its predecessors enough.This does let me mention my first pointer: the aesthetics. Until now, you were pretty much grounded on Pandora. A whole lotta brown on the first game, while the second game varied up the scenery though it was still relatively grounded. The Presequel, on the other hand, takes place on Elpis, that really big moon that takes up a good chunk of the sky, alongside maybe a space station environment here and there. While it replaces too much brown to maybe too much grey, it's something different, and in my opinion quite fitting as it reminds you that you were playing a sci-fi game.Like any self-respecting moon, Elpis sports a lower gravity compared to Pandora. This pretty much means that you would be able to jump to places not normally possible on Pandora. Though admittedly the low gravity also means that you were able to platform to places you shouldn't be, if you were skilled enough.Now that the aesthetics are out of the way, let me talk about the new content.First of all, Oz Kits. Replacing Eridian Artifacts, these things serve an entirely different purpose. Obviously being in space, you would need to be able to breathe, which is where these things come in. You get a new bar alongside health and shields, and that is Oxygen. While in an environment with no air, your Oxygen constantly drains, and when you run out your health ticks down instead (unless you are a robot, in which case your oxygen doesn't even drop. A nice attention to detail).  One important thing the Oz kit can do, however, is that by expending a short burst of oxygen, you are able to launch yourself at a specific direction, basically a double jump. Another addition is that you can crouch down in the air to rapidly speed downward, and at a high enough height you emit a shockwave that can lay down the hurt on enemies. With these additions, the game style effectively differs entirely from Borderlands 1 & 2, swapping out the duck and shoot playstyle for something with a much faster if riskier flow. There isn't as much cover you can utilize compared to its's predecessors, but to make up for it your maneuverability is kicked up a notch.There is a new element added to this game: the Cryo element. A replacement to the Slag element, instead of coating the enemy in purple stuff and causing them to take extra damage, this element has a chance of stopping enemies dead in their tracks, and causing them to take extra explosive and melee damage. This element has to be my favorite, as the ability to stop even a rampaging Badass in their tracks and one-shotting them in their crit-spot with a point-blank shotgun is one of the most cathartic things you can possibly do in this game. Obviously this doesn't work on everything, but given this game is more run & gun with its approach the ability to freeze will assist you aplenty.My personal favorite addition: The Grinder. This piece of machinery is basically a pseudo crafting machine, by slotting in equipment that you don't need, it will spit out new equipment that has a chance to be of a higher rarity. In my opinion, this is a fine addition to the game. While the option to revisit a miniboss or boss and killing it over and over until a chunk of orange drops is still there, this alternate means of grinding (no pun intended) allows you to create useful weaponry with the junk you'd normally skim over. Hey, anything that gives me a reason to loot the green stuff is a plus in my books!There are two vehicles exclusive to this game: The Moon Buggy and the Stingray. The Moon Buggy is basically the Elpis equivalent to the Runner, and sad to say I found it really unwieldy to control, even more so that the Runner if you can believe that. The moon surface is pockmarked with cracks and pitfalls, and suffice to say it's almost inevitable you'd accidentally careen into one at least once while driving the Moon Buggy. Which is why I always switched out to the Stingray whenever i got the chance. A hovering vehicle, it operates on a similar philosophy to the Oz kit in that the boost sends it straight up instead of forward, and it helps a lot that the vehicle falls slower than other vehicles, which allows you to platform over uneven surfaces easily. That being said however, I counted three times that I jumped too high into a building ceiling and glitched myself into it, which was vaguely embarassing.Now I had a lot of fun with this game despite what other people say about it, but how does it compare to the other games before it? Something they bought back from Borderlands 1 was the more generous weapons system where even a  rather mundane blue weapon can last for a long time. For the longest time I've used a Torgue Ravager which was able to stand up to even Legendaries during my run as Claptrap. Another thing they bought back was the frequency that rare weapons occurred in the vending machines, sometimes even Legendaries. It's well worth checking every vendor you run across! As for how it compares to Borderlands 2, there is a rather heavy emphasis on story much like that game, so if you enjoy that sort of stuff, you'd like it. In fact, as this time you're pretty much playing on the side of the villains, it has many instances where things get rather morally ambiguous, which I'm a sucker for.It is worth noting though, that this game is nowhere near as large as Borderlands 1 and 2. The main games are about the same size, but there is only 2 DLCs, one being an arena and the other being a DLC campaign. If price matters to you, wait for a sale.My overall opinion, I think it stands up pretty well to its predecessors. Give it a go!"
,Recommended,261640,26612523,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lonelywolf_ink,nice gaem
,Not Recommended,261640,13904374,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Meatball_Lover_69,"Loved BL2, was expecting a similar experience, but overall, this game was a letdown.Pros: Space, lasers, playable Claptrap.Cons: Don't pay any more than $5 for this game. The missions are all exactly the same: Go here, get that, do this. Oh, wait. ""That"" didn't work, so you need to go here and do this again, ad infinitum. Getting anywhere is a pain, because the game prefers throwing waves of incredibly easy enemies to a few more interesting or difficult characters. Once you get through a location in the game, you may as well not return or even turn your back, even if you didn't leave the level, because more easy, useless, pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥enemies will have spawned. It makes going anywhere in the game a chore. Also, don't think for a second you'll get any exciting loot, because most bosses don't respawn, and the ones that do are hard to reach. Anytime you open a chest there is a 90% chance your loot will be pistols."
,Not Recommended,261640,14131857,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,G-Wiz,"Like a lot of other reveiws mentioned, a reskinned version of BL2. I coulden't agree with this more. The few things that are different, seem to be the downfalls. Take terrain for example. In BL2 anyone can memorize exaclty where everything was in Three Horns Divide, because all you did was mess around there for hours with friends. In BLPS all you seem to do is run through these  places, not hunt down bullymongs, soley because if you didn't chose Claptrap, you were racing against time for the next godamn O2 bubble (NOTE: Claptrap in all other respects is the worst. In a playthrough of 4 people I was Claptrap and there wasn't a battle that I didn't go to fight for your life all because of the stupid vault.hunter♥♥♥♥♥♥) This was a sadding aspect when I first got the game. The comedy - not quite there like BL2 was, The story - not as intreguing as BL2, and the ♥♥♥♥ing framerate is♥♥♥♥♥♥for god knows why, where in BL2 I have no issue.5/10 for the almost contunuation of BL2, one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,261640,25325381,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Finch0z,"This game is arguably as good as Borderlands 2. It has the same charm and deep storyline, plenty of challenging side-missions and loot. Amazing loot. The plot gives insight into the story behind handsome jack, the antagonist of Borderlands 2, which is pretty interesting.But the best thing about this game; Australian accents. It's so rare to hear actual Australian accents and phrases in a mainstream games like the Borderlands series. So if you enjoyed playing Borderlands 2 and are able to put up with walking miles from quest to quest across the surface of an alien moon being shot at by a H-shaped space station nearby, you'll likely enjoy this game.8/10"
,Recommended,261640,32374408,Posted: 12 June,all,thunder7733,"Some people that give bad reviews to this game need to understand, I find it very entertaining because I feel it is like a Rap artist party album or like a Mario Party. Just don't take it to damn seriously because it is cute."
,Recommended,261640,26203682,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kaywhy,"DISCLAIMER: As a veteran of the Borderlands franchise, this review will most definitely be debated based on the content reviewed in this review. Nonetheless, enjoy! :)Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a good game that tells the story that would lead in to its beloved predecessor, Borderlands 2. While some people says that Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel was a failure as a game, it's no slouch to me. I definitely shout out Gearbox for implementing my favorite BTPS gun aka the Laser Disker. While BTPS fixed some issues that was in Borderlands 2 such as the uneven UVHM endgame balance, there were some very questionable patches to the game after the release such as the nerfs of the Ol' Rosie, Kaneda's Laser, and the Probe. To set some pros and cons out there, like my Borderlands 2 review, I'll put out a chart out there listing both. Hope the chart would help.Pros:-Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode is balanced compared to Borderlands 2 (BL2's UVHM balance is extremely off)-Weapons returning from Borderlands 2 are proven to be more effective in BTPS due to the game balance (weapons such as the Nukem, Mongol, and Pitchfork)-Jack the Doppleganger (my personal favorite character to play as)-Fills the gap of the story told in Borderlands 2-Claptastic Voyage DLC (I really love the setting and concept)-Cryo element (it can compliment Torgue weapons)-Some weapons and gear returning from Borderlands 2 still retain the power that makes them beloved in Borderlands 2 (Lady Fist, Maggie, Sham)-Some skills of characters proves to be as effective as similar skills from Borderlands 2 (Example: Aurelia's I Never Miss Skill = Zer0's Critical Ascension)-Skills of many characters (Athena's Malestrom, Jack's Leadership, Nisha's Tombstone, etc.)-Luneshine (interesting buffs to weapons that also appear without a Luneshine effect)-The Jakobs Pepperbox (likely cut from Borderlands 2 but appears in BTPS only in Glitch rarity in the Claptastic Voyage DLC)-The talking weapons in BTPS isn't as annoying as the Bane seen in Borderlands 2 and some are incredible when usedCons:-The questionable nerfs of some weapons after release (Ol' Rosie, Kaneda's Laser, Probe)-Some weapons are either reskins or renames of weapons seen in Borderlands 2 (not much of a con but still not as creative)-The Holodome DLC (criminally difficult)-The Holodome weapons (the weapons received in the DLC aren't worth really the effort that it takes to beat all the rounds of the Holodome)-No Bee Shield </3 (I'm not that mad or sad about this one since we have the Rerouter but it would've been nice to see the Bee return)-Tales from the Borderlands weapons cannot drop in the game and can only be claimed once (it's a shame because I really love the Company Man and Fast Talker)-A lot of weapons in the game cannot crit without assistance from Nisha's Tombstone skill-Not as much DLCs as Borderlands 1 or Borderlands 2-Many weapons in BTPS is a major downgrade to amazing weapons seen in Borderlands 2 (Example: Snowball is not as good as the Fastball seen in Borderlands 2)-Some weapons that can be farmed from only one boss can't be farmed again for the rest of the playthrough unless you alt + f4-Eclipse/EOS at the end of the Claptastic Voyage DLC (not as mad about this one, annoyingly difficult to beat but does have a guaranteed legendary drop at the end which is worth it)The chart above is only my opinion and can be debated among the community. While I think that the game served its purpose, some people just don't like the game. Now, I'll leave it up to you if you think it's worth the money to buy this game. In my opinion, I think it's a good game to tell the Borderlands storyline. I think I can definitely recommend this game to those who continue to play the Borderlands franchise. Hope this review helped you to make a decision if you think it's worth it to buy the game. Bye :)"
,Recommended,261640,13781762,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Caveman,"Overall, yes, I would recommend the game, but then I like Borderlands.However, I shall also concur with other reviewers that the Pre-Sequel should be approached by the following method....- Buy Borderlands 2 GOTY (on sale?).- Play Borderlands 2 (to UVHM).- Play the DLC campaign.- Try matchmaking and Co-Op with a bunch of friends.- Play the Headhunter packs.- Kill all the Raid bosses.  Repeatedly.If you want more, THEN get the pre-sequel.In its current state it has still got a few seriously annoying bugs, such as if you combine being frozen and second wind, you can get stuck walking slowly (which is alarmingly common).  I've also had a save-game go wrong after I opted to skip missions completed during co-op (wont do that again).Also, while the DLCs do not currently look anywhere near as mouth-watering as BL and BL2, there has been statements that ALL DLCs will be included in the season pass and (at least) a second sizable story will be included.So overall, yes, it's a good game and worthy of interest, but it's a bit rough around the edges and has Borderlands 2 to live up to."
76561198083057938,Recommended,261640,17431291,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,PootyTang,"This game did exactly what the developers intended to do with it:- It explained all the events prior to Borderlands 2- It sets up the plot for Borderlands 3 (since Borderlands 2 left them with all and no direction to go off of)- It kept the same brand of humor/style as the other Borderlands games- It showed off some unique mechanics like the OZ Kit and Cryo Freezing- It got the Vault Hunters to be more involved dialogue-wise making them dynamic- Include more space-themed easter eggs than you know what to do withThere are others I'm sure, but these are some of the biggest, and mostly overlooked, reasons that this game does not get enough credit. Honestly, I like this game and what it had to offer. With its interesting story, awesome DLC, and immense replay value, this game is honestly like Borderlands 2, but with a nice twist so the gameplay doesn't have to be so stale.This game is not perfect though because:- Driving mechanics suck. The littlest change in direction at full speed make the vehicle unstable.- Explosive shotguns fire bullets about 2 seconds after the shot has been fired.- If you get hit by a cryo blast and exit your vehicle while being damaged by it, you are perma-slowed and need to reload game to return to normal speed.**SPOILER**- Raid boss is not only unoriginal, it's the exact same difficulty as the final boss, but with higher shields and health.But overall, the game is fantastic and I will keep replaying it for everything it's worth until I'm sick of it."
,Recommended,261640,14998780,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,NyxCrab,"If you enjoyed Borderlands 2 I would recommend picking this up, preferably when it's on sale. If you haven't played Borderlands 2, pick that up instead and then decide if you want to buy The Pre Sequel or not. It is essentially Borderlands 2 but on space with a few new mechanics. Its story is also shorter than BL2's, which is ironic considering the game has a bunch of padding in it. For example: missions can take a while to complete, and the final boss has 2 different stages with 3 mini stages in them. It's not a bad game, but compared to BL2 it's kind of underwhelming."
,Recommended,261640,12919683,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Jyacofalltrades,"Gearbox's to-do list for BL3 (because the ending proves that BL3 will be a thing)-Keep the boss mechanics. The bosses in this game are really well done, and they actively reward you for paying attention and avoiding attacks, instead of going full on rambo.-Keep Lasers. Lasers are fun to use.-Come up with new legendaries. Old legendaries with different names and effects are still re-used legendaries. Get creative! Try and come up with some interesting stuff for legendaries!-Keep the scaling. The game actually feels more balanced than BL2.-Nerf the damage DoT does to players. You will get killed faster being on fire than by being shot with a shotgun by a Badass enemy. Why is this a thing?-Let us farm some freaking bosses. Why do we have to farm vending machines and the Grinder to get the loot we want? Make us earn it!-Keep the Grinder. There is actually a reason to pick up useless guns now.-Improve the Grinder. The elements, the parts, and the company brand of the gun should be factored into the grinding process. If I put 3 Maliwan beam weapons into the grinder, I should NOT end up with a Dahl railgun.-Keep your promises. We were promised that Tiny Tina would actively change the story in TVHM. Did that happen? Besides her little tidbits during the story, nothing changed. At all. We got the same stuff that TVHM in BL2 had: Tougher enemies, new enemies, enemies with 1 hit kill rocket launchers (why is this a thing) and every single enemy has a new name. And thats it.-Keep coming up with cool ideas for Vault Hunter skills. Wilhelm is a great example of this due to his cybernetic upgrades tying into his character, along with how awesome they are.-Give us reasons to do certain things. I played the game for the first time as Wilhelm and I never threw a grenade with the intent on killing something. I threw 1 legendary grenade to see what it did, and I threw the Snowball a couple of times because it was fun, but other grenades were never used. Give us reasons to do certain things without shoving them down our throat (''You need a fire weapon for that'')! Is that too much to ask?Rant overThe game is good, but it could have been way more than it is. BL2 set the bar for the series, and instead of jumping over it, Borderlands the presequel hit the bar with its forehead, and then fell face first into the dirt. Which isnt a bad thing; the game is still fun to play. But with a little more thought, consideration, and effort, The presequel could have been way more than just ''fun to play''. 7/10."
,Recommended,261640,16571807,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rocco,yes this is the hottest game in the world buy it for your family or ill do it
,Recommended,261640,16610066,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Karli's #1 BFF,"I don't see where all of the hate on this game comes from. From the start, they said it was gonna be based off of Borderlands 2, so what were you expecting? Some just dislike the gravity, jumping, jump pads, and the atmosphere as well. Some dislike the fact that weapons are just imported from BL2 (but like I said this is based off BL2). It may be a shorter story as well, with slightly fewer side quests, but overall, the game itself is not a bad game. There are plenty of new features, enemies, characters, raid bosses, elements (cryo), loot, and more to explore. In my opinion, this is a great borderlands game, and I'm sure there are more to come. I reccommend buying it whenever it goes on a sale, and don't forget to grab that season pass bundle too, it's worth it."
,Recommended,261640,22236188,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,little miss communism ☭ ☠,10/10 would use a moon zoomy again
,Recommended,261640,25391625,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[AN] ffngg,"It's somewhat fun but can be very repetative. The new weapon classes arent very intressting and the 02 mechanic is pretty much just silly. Still it's kinda fun to play even though its a step down from Borderlands2.Pretty much the best thing about this game is the weapon merger, i honestly found myself looking for what i needed to get it running mor than i did the missions."
,Not Recommended,261640,16570395,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,subZero,"This game is a disgrace to everything Borderlands franchise once stood for. It's basically the same game that Borderlands 2 is wrapped in a ton of space bubblewrap just to keep you hooked for a while. The Pre-Sequel doesn't bring anything to the Borderlands world that couldn't have been released as single DLC's to the original game. Nothing has changed. Except for the ""all new"" characters. Which by the way are exactly the same as before but with different names and slightly different skillsets.The game is ridden with thousands of little bugs that do not hurt you, but get a cringe to your face every five to ten minutes they occur. 2K doesn't have the slightest clue how to fix any of those, it appears.Oh, and the NPC behavior in this game is propably one of the most moronic that will ever be coded. By anyone. The AI doensn't help you, the AI primary targets you always (with or without friendlies in the field) and the damage scaled by level is ridiculous.With these ""small"" errors that might kill your motivation to play the game just remember that - wait - that's not all. The whole game is rotten. It's ridden with several hundred clear game design flaws that are still there, after what, a year?It's a delightful game to be played with friends, but be prepared to lose your hair.Incredibly low representation from 2K."
,Recommended,261640,14317805,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dr. Übermensch,"SPACE! I'm in space! SPAAACE! Space, Space, SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!- Yeah mate, we are alll in spa- SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!that's all you need to know.ok, since you find it so important, I'll try and be helpfull. So, as you all know, the Game takes place in Elpis, Pandora's moon. This game also takesplace , as the name suggests, between the first game and the second game, in the chronology.In this game they present to you the all 'n new mechanic of low gravity and O2 kits, these kits are this game's equivalent of Borderlands 2 relics, with the difference that in this one you ACTUALLY awknoledges them. when having an O2(we call them OZ kits for short) you can, firstly and foremost, breathe where there is no athmosphere(duh), you can also use them to (fart) boost yourself in mid-air, and slam into the ground by pressingand holding (default) ""CTRL"" and deal damage to nearby enemies. Different O2 kits provide different slam elements, including the all new 'n original(kinda) cryo element.about the cryo element: it freezes most enemies solid, but not all. Frozen enemies will take +200% explosive and critical damage, and +250% melee damage. this damage boost is diminished when using cryo element though, in a similar fashion to ""slag"" from Bordelrands 2, making so that the damage improvement goes only to +110%.in this game we have the new 'n tasty(subtle refference to Oddworld is not subtle) Grinder. this baby will allow you to take three items of the same grade and grind them into a better grade item (or not), note that there is an exeption to the  ""same grade"" rule, I'll get to that in a second. There are various recipes that can be used, for example: three random white weapons will give you achange of a green weapon. Now, about the exeption I mentioned earlier, it is that you will only need two legendaries and one purple to make another legendary. there are a lot of other recipes to try and find out (or you can alternatively, if lazy enough, look up the word ""grinder"" in the Borderlands wikia).now, onward to talk about Laser weapons. Fisrtly and most important: MR. TORGUE HATES LASER WEAPONS, BECAUSE THEY DON'T EVEN EXPLODE, LIKE: WHAAAAAT? But, yeah, you'll get to hear him complain a bit about them lasers. Laser weapons are divided into four kinds:""blaster"", ""railgun"", ""beam"" and ""splitter"". The ""blaster"" variant, manufactured by Dahl, is kind of like  the ""assault rifle"" of the Laser weapons, firing a barrage, which means it usually fires beams of blaster bolts in a linear pattern that travel at medium speed; the ""railgun"" variant, manufactured by Hyperion, is sinlge firing with gret acuracy, more often then not being depicted as 100% acuracy in the weapon card, on the other hand they have very low fire rate and usually each shot costs 4 ammo instead of one; the ""beam"" variant, manufactured by Maliwan, fires a continuous beam that deals more damage the longer the trigger is held, similar to the way other Hyperions work on improving acuracy, being able to get to top damage in a medium of 4 seconds, however, these weapons suffer a great deal of recoil and are very short ranged(and by ""a great deal"", I mean almost to the extent of you ""hitting your foregein grandma by mistake""); the ""splitter"" variant, manufactured by Tediore, (IS SUCK) fires multiple beams in spread while consuming multiple ammo per shot. all laser weapons deal elemental damage, excluding explosive #everyonehatesMRTORGUE , and, like any other weapon, may be crafted from various parts, such as a Dahl Barrel, a Maliwan Grip, a Hyperion handle and no stock. yeah, laser weapons have no stock at all. To be more precise, they do, but it is considere, as far as modifiers go, to be part of the body. For more information on this kind of (boring) interesting stuff, consult the wikia.There is also the new 'n rippedoff moonstone! (non amused voice) it's eridium. Oh, you don't know what either of those are? in that case: eridium/moonstones are used buy more backpack or bank spaces so you can stuff yourself even more, or can be used to buy bigger ammo pools for each ammo type. and to acces raid bosses.Now, for my closing thoughts: this was more of aguide of how to basic not be lost when starting the game. Nontheless, as far as what I thought of the game itself......it's decent considering is just a ""borderlands fix"" for us to NOT tear ourselves to bits while we wait for Borderlands 3, and, for that, it's a great game, it's DLCs...... not so much. if you have never played Borderlands 1 or 2, I'd recommend cheking those out first(specially if you can get all DLCs fro them) still, I recomend this game for the same reason I did before: SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE. And crushing everything as a pirate CL4P-TP is always fun too just pay close attention to the music, yes? SO, go ahead ye slaty dog, lower her into you desktop and sail into adventure, lasers, and moonstone."
76561198171431899,Recommended,261640,31739105,Posted: 13 May,all,wrathwitch,"Overall I enjoyed the game, but it didn't really compare to the humour and quest depth and story line of the Borderlands2. I found that there was WAY too much jumping around to try to reach different platforms etc, seriously we must have wasted 2hrs on one of the maps that had lots of platforms and a few other places we finally had to watch how to reach a point on youtube... I also found that unlike BL2, I had to take breaks as it caused a lot of eye strain while playing (2hrs max play) same with my husband.On the plus side, the guns are fun and the characters are solid. With BL2 I still play the DLC (140+hrs played) with this game. 40 hrs and although I loved Mrs Hammerlock's skills, she was fun to play, I would not run through it again with another character. The zero grav was also fun, but the running for O2 was annoying after a while.Fun to see the character Handsome Jack develop, but I felt that the storyline/plot felt kinda vague and the protagonist wasn't really very interesting.I would recommend this game simply because Borderlands chain games are fun."
,Not Recommended,261640,16478455,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,GrayLarram,"It's borderlands, true. But it might as well be Borderlands 2 DLC. Plus.... the jumping. So much jumping."
,Not Recommended,261640,16509408,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,eat,"If you are new to the Borderlands franchise, gtfo and buy BL2.If you have completed BL2, I still don't think this game is worth buying UNLESS it is discounted for 70%+. In my first playthrough, I got less than 15-20 hours with some sidequests, yet in BL2 u get twice as much (but nothing compares to BL2). The gameplay itself feels no different to BL2, despite the new mechanic of the 'Butt-slam' and low-grav. You never really find yourself running out of O2 and the Butt-slam is worthless. You may as well be trying to kill people with Zer0's unforseen if you want to use this mechanic lethally.Pros:-New weapon type (it's exciting until you actually try it and you're like....oh....)-New element-New characters (Claptrap!)-Finally we get the Moon dlc we've always wantedCons:-Short as ♥♥♥♥-Reused models (probably the biggest part of this game after completion besides replaying is hunting down uniques)-None of the new features (low-grav, cryo, lazers) are actually good, they're just enticing-Raid-boss mission after the main story is just the last boss again (laziness)-Barely any areas (although most are pretty big, around Wildlife Exploitation size)-Character to character interactivity is crappy (maybe Claptrap is an exception)I wouldn't recommend buying this game at all unless it was on sale."
,Not Recommended,261640,16318349,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Panda Behr,"It's Borderlands 2, but Borderlands 2 is better."
76561198120442870,Not Recommended,261640,16474898,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Frimy,I recommend it for only one reason : The storyyou will be dissapointed if you're expecting Borderlands: the pre-sequel to 1up Borderlands: 2
76561198047059566,Not Recommended,261640,16372229,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Matter06,If you want to play a Borderlands game buy 1 or 2 dont waste money on this
,Not Recommended,261640,16559506,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TheBetterGuy,The game feels very empty and when you reach the end game there is nothing to do and it's dependent on a dlc if you want a boss and an arena to fight late game. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone let alone borderlands fans.
,Not Recommended,261640,16746784,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sergal,"This game was an absolute let-down. It WAS fun, but it tired quickly. It had great graphics, a great plot, but the storyline was extremely quick. It didn't live up to it's er.... sequel? Borderlands 2. It was a great game but I wish it has better dlcs to come in the future 8/10"
76561198134516884,Not Recommended,261640,16897829,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,A Nihilistic Giraffe Named Juan,"Gravity gimicks, long dumb boss fights, a lot of frustration. Save your money unless you have a lot of patience."
,Not Recommended,261640,16740665,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MacDB,"I have many conflicting emotions after finishing this game. These are caused by pros & cons which are visible throughout the gameplay. I'll start with cons, ending up with pros.Cons:- Price of the game :This is a tough one because I know that the company has a right to evaluate their product according to what they think. However, since I'm a customer, I feel quite robbed, knowing that the same amount of money I paid for Borderlands 2 was spent better as the previous game provided the players with much more content.- The game is much shorter than Borderlands 2.I think it didn't take me more than two 10-hour-sittings to finish this game together with all DLCs and side quests. This is a considerable flaw because in the previous game, due to the amount of locations and characters, there was so much more to do.- Smaller variety of locations.The difference is vast. Borderlands 2 provided the player with dead sands, frozen wastes, highlands, volcanic areas, underground mines and that was only the main game. I'll skip the DLCs of BL2. In the Pre-Sequel, there's moon, moon, moon, moon, moon and Hyperion Space Station.- Fewer quests.I think that with big areas provided by developers there should be more quests connected with, I don't know, killing things like Shuggaraths or Rathyds, anything it's easy to come up with such side quests.- Raid Bosses are almost non-existant when compared to Borderlands 2.One Raidboss... Just why, this hurts me more than anything else. There are also three-in-one raid in the DLC but since it's one after another, I count it as one.- Holodrome DLC.Holodome DLC has nothing to offer apart from short dialogues and mindless shooting for crappy loot. The arena is big and it takes more time to find the monsters than killing them. The music there is mind-numbing.- Other annoyances.What I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by was the fact that there were no fast-travel stations at some locations. From what I see it was a trick to prolong the gameplay in the most boring way possible.It drives me nuts to see that the Borderlands team did not learn the fact that the dialogues get interrupted by everything. I mean, for the love of God, is there one person who didn't have his or her dialogue cut in the middle by some useless inspire skill or random, nonsense character? I picked echo and was interrupted by Nurse Nina the second after, makes by blood boil.Lesser variery of enemies to kill. Where are goliaths, one-handed scavs, or anything?  I found myself fighting the lost legion and scavs for 85% of the game if not more.Bugs, slowdown bug after leaving the vehicle bursted my veins wide open, lack of attention to model hitboxes was also discouraging and often ended in death or falling down some hole.Pros:- Main story:Although it started rather slowly and ended abruptly, the story is great, the plot-twists, it makes you yearn fore more. I still wait for the thread connected with Angel and Jack's wife as it is significant to completion.- Baroness, Jack and Claptrap DLC:These DLCs are done with attention to detail. Sometimes you'll just want to check the way your character responds to the events. As for Claptrap DLC, it fills a gap for why the Claptrap production line suddenly disappeared.- Characters speak:I think it's a nice addition, to know what your character things of certain situations.-Buttslams and gravity:I loved the idea of sudden slam and watching the enemies fly out of the map, juicy, sweet. The flaw is that it deals low damage at later stages.- Bosses:A big step up, even though there are so few, they are so well done, the cinematics and the models, sounds, everything, lovely areas and graphics.- Hyperion StationI loved the idea of showing the Hyperion Station and its founders, it fills the informational gap. I also loved the R&D area, animal reserve area for its design, ideas of artificial lighting and fake environment are well perserved.Overall :I wouldn't recommend the game because of the current price. Sorry. I'm certain that the developers could have done more in terms of areas or enemies, bosses, quests.I bought this game during Steam Summer Sale on -72% with Season Pass and for 23.23€ which felt like the right price."
,Not Recommended,261640,15960761,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[MiT] ScooterYDKJ,"Earlier, I wrote a rather lengthy review of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel pointing out many of the different problems I had with the game up to a certain point. But after actually going through the main story on two of the characters, and after discovering a few handy shortcuts to speed up a game, I figured I'd re-write this review to give it a fairer assessment.First, while I would recommend it to those who are already fans of the Borderlands series, I would strongly recommend Borderlands 2 as an entry point for a new player over this game.The Pre-Sequel has some good things going for it. Interesting cast of characters, a plot that gives a new understanding (of sorts) to the backstory of Borderlands 2, a new low-gravity environment to survive in; these features make this game stand out from the others in this franchise.Unfortunately, most of the main complaints I had before are still valid even after completing the main storyline. Most missions feel unnecessarily long, with you having to activate second and third backup plans jsut to get one thing done. Also, the terrain is littered with instant-death lava rivers that you are expected to jump over in a car (And yet can't do), some of the conversations seem forced and/or unnecessary, and while you have a new low-gravity playground to float around in, it's quite easy to get lost in unless you know where you're supposed to be going.Again, if you've played one of the earlier Borderlands titles, I'd recommend this game to you, but for those who are looking for a place to start, you're better off going to Borderlands 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,261640,16724028,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MolylepkeƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,Buy the game in the sale. After 1.3 hour i want a refund. A shooting platformer is not my style. Not fun for me sorry.
76561198009762785,Recommended,261640,15909146,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,xtremaxs,Great game.
76561198071597744,Recommended,261640,15742430,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Doublebow,"8/10I will keep this quick and simple.Pros-Its as fun as the rest of the games.-It has a fun and interesting storyline.-It has lazerz.-Low gravity is fun.-More enemys and characters.-Differnt sense of humour (instead of the overused boring American humour)-Plenty hours of gameplay and replayablity.Cons-Uses the same loot system as BL2 (so there are not as many guns as BL1, but more than BL2)- All the guns from BL2 are in this game but they added lazer guns (so not much has changed in the weopon department)-Sometimes when in combat randomly the game will lagg like hell going from 70+ FPS to 20 for a few minutes (i think it has something to do with the blood and moon rocks staying around for ever and slowly building up overtime)Overall this is just a DLC for BL2, but it is the best DLC i have ever played and for 30 quid you can’t go wrong, its fun filled lazer blastin zero'G action the whole way."
76561198128579537,Recommended,261640,17403251,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kylar Stern,great game!!
76561198069222603,Recommended,261640,13475207,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nejfluffy,GG
76561197976811566,Recommended,261640,13537530,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Intern,"BORDERLANDS: THE PRE-SEQUEL - Refined But RoughI first got into Borderlands with its sequel, Borderlands 2, and was instantly enthralled by its over-the-top personality and offbeat humor. The game had its flaws, but as I rampaged across Pandora I could feel the developers honing their craft and producing an improved product with each DLC. The gameplay got better, the locations more colorful, and the characters rounded out with greater depth and moments of honest sympathy. My hope was to see 2K take all these lessoned learned and use them to produce an absolute blockbuster Borderlands 3.Instead we have The Pre-Sequel, a game which is by no means bad, but feels like a veteran rockstar passing on his carefully tuned axe to a garage band rookie and grimacing as he stumbles over the keys.WE GET IT, YOU'RE FROM SPACE AUSTRALIAThere are a lot of things The Pre-Sequel gets right. The inventory doesn't glitch up on me. The scenery is beautiful. The low-gravity gameplay is well-designed. The vehicles are a great improvement over those from previous games. And there is a plethora of new features attached to your guns and accessories, like the Cryo element.But there are some definite problems. The biggest (for me) is combat. The careful balance 2K achieved between challenging fun and tooth-gnashing repetition has been lost as The Pre-Sequel spawns just enough enemies to make combat tedious, then spawns a bit more, and then a few more. I started to actively avoid combat as the maps--which are much smaller than in BL2--force me to revisit areas over and over to complete objectives.Another problem I had is with the laser weapons, which the game seems so impressed with that several early missions are dedicated just to introducing them over and over again. I found lasers underwhelming, and someone in 2K Australia seems to agree with me: at least two missions gave me the option to take a laser weapon or blow them up to recieve a Torgue weapon instead. Being a fan of Mister Torgue ""High Five"" Flexington and his guns, I took EXPLOSIONS every time.I also took issue with the story and characters. I like the setup of Athena re-telling the story to Lilith, Mordecai and Brick in flash-back, with many of BL2's characters piping in about the story as it goes. Unfortunately the characters in the story itself fail to leave much impact on me. Janey Springs, the ""Meriff,"" and even the game's primary antagonist Zarpedon fail to leave the impact that Tiny Tina or even Sir Hammerlock made on me in BL2. Several missions that were already a slog became absolute torture because the NPC's just wouldn't shut up, going on about Billabongs and Tuckerbags and loving the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of making Aussie slang in-jokes while I sat there running out of oxygen waiting for an objective or waypoint to be assigned so I can get on with the game.And finally there's the Jack problem. The Pre-Sequel sets the Handsome One up as a well-intentioned man slowly corrupted by betrayal and power, but this retcons the sniveling, cowardly, backstabbing schemer we KNOW Jack was long before Borderlands 1 occured. I GET wanting to see more of Jack, but he was memorable for being a truly depicable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a series where even the protagonists aren't really ""good,"" just ""less douchey.""Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel isn't the sequel I was hoping for. That doesn't make it a bad game, and probably I'm continue playing it and buy up all the DLC to see if 2K Australia can recapture the perfect balance 2K achieved with BL2. I may be more forgiving of it if it does, but for now all I see is 2K's hard work being squandered on a team that hasn't learned the same lessons, nor have enough of its own ideas to make up for it.TL;DR Score: 6/10"
,Recommended,261640,13522081,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Willark,"When i started the game with my friend, i was only a human and my friend was a robot, i was super jealous of him, throughout the whole adventure of Handsome Jack, Claptrap and I, i wanted to be a robot, levels upon levels upon levels, he was still a robot and so far i had only 1 robo arm and 1 robo leg and a laser turret on my shoulder, this was just not enough for my wisdom, why does an annoying little creature get to be a robot when i'm much cooler than him, i want to be a robot not a cyborg, once we beaten the game and did true vault hunter mode, i thought i could get more skill points and become more robot, i was getting closer to becoming a robot, i had this ability to go all shocked up when i was about to die, this was the only extra upgrade i got. im still waiting to be a robot, my claptrap friend is only getting more roboty as we venture along. alas a new dlc come out, ignoring the Jack DLC, the holodome, with UVHM, this could be the chance to become robot with my extra 10 points, my dream might finally come true, but unfortunately the only upgrade I got was to cry more tears because claptrap could be a robo-pirate, a Bomb robot and a disco robot. whilst Im still just a cyborg.Gearbox im still waiting for the be more robot DLC, i dont want no destruction of New Haven or that baroness chick, i want to be more robot and Gearbox is the only way, I need to replace my bones with metal and wire. replace my heart with motherboard. I am still waiting#BeMoreRobotDLC"
,Recommended,261640,13588793,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,-|N00BC8K3|-,This game is pretty good. If you like the other borderlands then this is a must buy.
76561198051193014,Recommended,261640,13600267,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nightwolf,"It is what you would expect of a borderlands game... but the infinite replayability that made borderlands 2 so damn fun just is not there. the skills are more about char builds than just a good time to use  and the humor that broke up the repetiviness just is not there, a few witty comments from jack is about all you get in this one. if you played borderlands 2 then this is worth the money for the back story and to kill a little time. if your looking for a improvement wait for the next title."
76561198148335617,Recommended,261640,13533591,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mr Virgo,"I have always been a huge fan of the Borderland franchise. This game afirms that, 2K have stuck to their gun or LAER GUNS as i ashould say and created a enviorment as virrbrent and full of life.Pre Sequel does an awesome job of making a game that is hard but fair and enjoyable at the same time. The class change up as added diferent styles of play and overall created a unique experice in this old universe i fell in love with.I recommend this game to any lover of the franchise but alos to new players, the story is very clear and with hours upon hours of ameplay, this is the perfect christmas gift!!!"
76561198065030883,Recommended,261640,13591669,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scooby Doo,"This game is truly amazing. While being a pre-sequel, it delivers a so creative development and a good set up. Coming from an incredible game such as borderlands 2, the pre-sequel does not fall short"
76561198058984039,Recommended,261640,13608942,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fabrizio,"People called Borderlands 2 ""Borderlands 1.5"". However, comparing BL2 to the Pre-Sequel, this title fits in way more snug with this title.Pros:- Good Story- Fan Favourite Characters- Witty Dialogue- Dark Humour is on Point- Great new playable charactersSo, basically ever Borderlands game so far.Cons:- Copy and Paste of Borderlands 2To expand on this, look at the similarities between Concordia and Sanctuary. They are basically the SAME ♥♥♥♥ING PLACE. Both has a Moxxi's Bar (Moxxi really could've been kept out of this game, she sticks out like a sore thumb), both have the same bland NPCs that walk around and the only difference is the Grinder in Concordia.- They Ruined JackI love Handsome Jack, he kicked ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥in BL2. We LOVED to hate him. His inclusion was warranted, it put ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fan theories at rest, but it took his teeth away a bit... :/ Does anyone else feel like this? Also hearing Jack caring about innocent lives on Elpis and not wanting to kill people was... Disturbing.- You Dun Goofed The FarmingGearbox nerfed our only way of making an endgame. This then leads on to the next con...- You Dun Goofed The DLCSo, TPS launched with no Endgame, so gamers made one: farming Iwajira and the like. Then, Gearbox TOOK thay away, and are now charging you for farming and gaining levels in the new Holodome DLC. I love the Borderlands franchise, BUT COME ON GEARBOX.Overall Verdict:7.5/10 - It's like a Borderlands 2 Chinese knock off. Thankfully, I bought it at half price and not at the full 30 quid it asked for.Greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198375278315,Recommended,261640,34035919,Posted: 5 August,all,Noivern,"It's good, not as good as Borderlands 2, but still very good"
76561198236718516,Not Recommended,261640,34263156,Posted: 15 August,all,The_Camwin,"A fun Borderlands addition, but incredibly shallow compared to 1 and 2. The only thing pushing me through it was Jack's character arc, and even this seemed unbelievable or pointless at moments."
,Recommended,261640,17319737,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,[IG] TacoCat,totaly awsome :D
,Recommended,261640,16449479,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MattDP,"More of the same and not mind blowing, but still a good, fun series of games."
,Recommended,261640,17796494,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Larzuk,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel brings back all the elements of the borderlands series with some added changes to it,like, laser weapons,cryo element,jump pads,low gravity,oxigen system.If you are a big fan of the series you should definitely check it out,you can be part of jack's mercenaries and experience their side of the story.Altought some people say that this game looks more like a borderlands 2 DLC rather than a new game,i got to say that in fact bl2 has way more content to play than the pre-sequel but i personally tought that the new classes and the history in the game make it worth the money i spend on it,the claptastic voyage dlc is great and the two new classes aswell,the other two dlcs are just like the fight arenas in bl2,wich should be on the game without you having to pay for it, but in general its a great game for those who love to shoot things in the face and EXPLOOOOOOSIONNNNS!"
,Recommended,261640,18366439,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ach00,the pre meme
,Recommended,261640,23609926,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,☕ Miu fan ☕,its not so good as BL2 but its still good
76561198197064146,Recommended,261640,23659451,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kallysto,"No idea why people think this has a ""DLC"" feeling.  Don't expect a Borderlands 2 - but give this a chance.  It is still a ton of fun and the space element ""buttslam!"" and laser weapons (laserweapons!!) bring a nice refresh to it.  Same old familiar and loved faces and the skewed humour is still spot on.  A nice keep-you-busy while we wait for Borderlands 3"
,Recommended,261640,17336474,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mizu,"Very mixed thoughts about this game.The humor is pretty funny, the characters are interesting, the voice acting (especially Handsome Jack) is top notch and the art style is also really good.But it gets repetetive really fast.The loot is pretty okay I guess but I just couldn't play this game for a long time. I see people playing this game and having like 800 hours and I honestly don't get it.Overall I like this game"
76561198208243513,Recommended,261640,18165884,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,a.atiqa16,"While this game isn't nowhere near as good as the first two, it's still worth playing. I didn't particularly like the whole space aspect - the jump pads, oxygen masks etc but I'm glad I got it just for the story. Discovering how Handsome Jack was created was worth it. I'm a sucker for deep characters with complex personalities."
76561198117857974,Recommended,261640,25326418,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,M-Ray,Such an amazing game. 10/10.
76561198128326197,Recommended,261640,25390689,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ElSeano,"The game is good- its a true and true borderlands game. Sure, not as long as BL2- but how many games are? BL2 was a masterpeice, so of course this game is going to life in its shadow a little bit. This game stands very well on its own-  great gameplay, funny dialog and engageing story. TPS was, and is, great. Buy it, and if you haven't already, buy Tales from the Borderlands.  Both are going to be HELLA important for BL3.also, nisha is too weak, nerf kunai"
76561198098803487,Recommended,261640,25551221,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Darth Funkulous,"I liked Borderlands TPS. If you have a buddy to play with, it's really awesome to gun everything down. That said, I find this game, in terms of role-playing elements, to be inferior to Fallout New Vegas, another game which I have played a bit. Another thing I didn't like, and either this is me, or a side effect of the random gun generator, but none of the guns feel quite like what you want. But over all, this is a pretty good game."
,Recommended,261640,26560284,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BadassFreeman,"I’ve played the three main games by now (I do want to try Tales of the Borderlands, but will wait for a sale), and being completely honest I was expecting this game to suck. I don’t know why, I just did. However I’m somewhat surprised in the end. As usual I’m gonna start talking about what the game does poorly, then go up from there.First and foremost, the biggest issue I see on the game is the repetition. There’s not that much variety on enemies compared to the second game, and they don’t talk nearly as much as I hoped. What bothers me even more is that the big trailers of the game (specially the one with Mister Torgue) showed the Lost Legion to be the main enemies of the game, however they barely show up later in the game for a while, which sucks♥♥♥♥♥as they fought differently to the rest of them.The second thing I didn’t like at all is how underused some characters are. Mister Torgue is by far one of the most loved characters in the entire franchise, yet he barely talks on three quests. Nina, the nurse, barely has one or two quests about her. Papa Crust, who sounded like an hilarious parody of Fidel Castro ended up only showing on a quest (a long quest, but just one). Even some of the main characters seem like that, Brick barely narrates anything and Tiny Tina, another well loved character by the fans only really appears in New Game +.Something else I wasn’t a big fan have to be the weapons themselves. A few new kinds of weapons have been added, and some new kinds of elemental damage went into it as well, however I don’t think they were properly balanced. Laser weapons are way above everything, one of them (the E-Gun, a weapon that’s a parody of Ghostbusters that you get on a quest) was insanely powerful on the character I had picked (Nisha), to the point that I didn’t use ANY other gun for the next 10 levels until I got a good replacement as it was already getting weaker in comparison. And guess what, the replacement was also a laser weapon.A problem that relates to the last one is the lack of difficulty. The game was quite easy from start to finish by myself. Now maybe it was because I ended up picking a broken character (I did feel like Nisha’s aimbot was too powerful and barely had any cooldown) but the only times I died was thanks to me getting suicidally overconfident. Also, the game’s new gimmick is the oxygen, but it barely does anything serious. The oxygen levels drop too slowly, are too big, and there’s pockets of oxygen EVERYWHERE, making it impossible to actually die because of asphyxiation. Also, the secret boss the game has after you finish the story wasn’t ANYWHERE as hard as bosses on previous games. Seriously, I beated him on my first try by myself. That’s kinda pathetic.Lastly, the DLC’s. I’m not a big fan of them mainly because Gearbox keeps doing things right and then ♥♥♥♥ing it all up again, and this game doesn’t change that at all. There’s ONE DLC that adds a story, and one DLC that adds an arena. The rest are just two character DLC’s and weapons. Let’s look back at Borderlands 2 however, and A LOT of the DLC’s were characters and story based ones. What the ♥♥♥♥, man? The game advertises itself for having bazillions of weapons, WHY WOULD I PAY MORE FOR A FEW EXTRA!?However, looking away from those issues you have a decent sequel to Borderlands 2.The story is arguably the biggest point the game has running for itself, quite ironic since the story on Borderlands 1 was so lame and boring I couldn’t even bring myself to finish it. However, you SHOULD play Borderlands 2 before you go into this one to understand everything properly. Both are great, so you got nothing to lose on that. It shows that they have learned from their previous mistakes on actually making a good story line that hooks you up instead of a sorry excuse to just go shoot bandits in the face.The characters themselves have also been expanded properly in comparison from previous games. In the original game the main characters barely even talked and nothing was explained that much. In Borderlands 2 your characters talked a bit more, and there was more story behind stuff. Here however, your characters actually do talk and express their opinions, the story is explained properly and if you happen to like your character, you’ll get really interested in seeing how things turn out for them. Extra points for having one of the main characters narrate it, however it would be great if all the characters would narrate their own story in their own way, not just Athena. I know the reason why they don’t, just saying each would have their own intro and reason behind it.The enemies that are more or less unique to the game instead of recycled space versions are also interesting, mainly the Lost Legion and the enemies on the last areas. They got medics who heal each other, engineers who put turrets and other stuff, it’s interesting and changes the flow of gameplay quite nicely.The references are also here as usual. Borderlands 2 had an insane amount of them and this game is not shy to show what inspired them at all. From escorting a pair of robots to an old man named Toby Van Adobe to making the Slammiest Dunk in history, the game won’t spend an hour without trying to crack a joke or two.Lastly, the change in the setting of the game works quite well. Honestly I was kinda tired of the same areas over and over: desert wastelands, acid lakes and mystic dungeons that make no sense, all of that is gone. The game has more arctic and volcanic areas, and it feels less repetitive.Do I recommend this game? Yeah! It was fun, even more fun with friends, even MORE fun in New Game + with Tina and Brick narrating most of it. However I would recommend buying it on a sale along with at least one friend to enjoy it more, and I would recommend to ignore the DLC’s all together. If anything, buy the one that adds story and the two characters to add more replayability, that’s it. I don’t think selling gun packs should be supported as it’s just a stupid idea sold to you for money.TL;DR Edition: Borderlands 2 in space but with some fixed issues. The game is quite fun, and the story is way better than Borderlands 1 and 2 together. However it’s also easier and doesn’t have as much variety. Would recommend if you have friends to play it with."
76561198158197891,Recommended,261640,26551495,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Strahbir,"Step 1: buy this game on saleStep 2: Get Claptastic Voyage at any priceStep 3: WEWIf you do not like this game and that DLC, then you are not a true fan of this series.  I did not pick up TPS specifically because I heard the humor was flat (it amost completely is) and that ""they ruined it.""  This game is well worth the sale price for the amount of stuff they give you to do and kill, and it is certainly good enough to make up for their unfunny and even offensive attempts at humor.  And then there is Claptastic.Literally my most favorite Borderlands experience ever.  It is great on so many levels that words honestly can not do it justice.  You have to experience it to understand.And you absolutely should."
76561198056104576,Recommended,261640,26944607,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord of the Nuts,Bordelands is your escape from all your life problems
76561198103343766,Recommended,261640,28830056,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,F2,Great game! just in the shadow of bl2.
,Not Recommended,261640,13640138,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Venom,Terrible..i loved all the borderlands because they had that 1 thing that pre sequal does not we dont know what that is but its not their.pre sequal at the first mission was just a joke........... your up againts afew enimies and there just op and f**** like really!? they should of made the first mission a bloody DLC  with how far you must travel if you die you spawn allllllll the way back even if you like 100 yards from where you need to go nope you die you go all the way back to the start ....still on first mission i get to my objective of destroying 4 items i go to do that and i turn around and their is like 10 things attacking me i get demolished....rate this game 3/10
76561198055764331,Recommended,261640,28264761,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Nicoyo,badasses
,Recommended,261640,23357966,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,linkbreit,"This game really does not feel like a Borderlands: 2 DLC as every one suggests. The story is unique, the gameplay is improved."
,Recommended,261640,28325385,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Loweecon(◕^^◕),"Great game,love the grind feature.Fun gameplay,lack of content,need more dlc mapBut overall this game was great.Is it worth to buy?On sale,yesBut on the normal price i would say no"
,Recommended,261640,23033852,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nick,Played it a little. I strongly suggest to get this game if you likedBorderlands 2when its on sale*Pro tip : Play asClaptrapcause you don't have to worry about oxygenHonest rating : 8/10
,Recommended,261640,29794904,Posted: 8 February,all,Puckcrew,ok on crapy computers
,Recommended,261640,29369430,Posted: 19 January,all,Lazy,ok so get this my wife told me a joke so i decided to crash our car into a side of a mountain
,Not Recommended,261640,30583145,Posted: 17 March,all,Thomas the Gank Engine,"BLands 2 was better overall. This one kind of just got predictable and old, especially toward the end. The plot advances really strangely and poorly, which makes it feel like the whole story could have been skipped. The level design is really frustrating as well."
76561198040753783,Not Recommended,261640,35127682,Posted: 22 September,all,HipHobbes,"Oh dear, this has been such a letdown after playing (and loving) the previous Borderlands games. Let's face it, Borderlands games have never been the most technical advanced and all the things which were bugging them come back with a vengeance in this one: Small ground protrusions about a feet high act as walls you have to jump over, enemies clipping or moving through or into walls and weird terrain interactions especially while driving vehicles plague this game.All this might be forgiven if the writing were to deliver the good old Borderlands humor but boy oh boy did they mess up the dialogue this time. The new characters are painfully, well, juvenile and obnoxious (and btw whenever I hear someone speak with an Australian accent now I immediatly think of them as being a complete simpleton or braindead yokel. Good work Gearbox Australia!) and much of their actions make almost no sense at all.Did I mention the strange contradictions in the narrative? Like Lilith making the champion tell a story she was directly part of? The story itself is epic in scale but after a while of running around on way too big maps you force yourself on through the main story line which also has the unfortunate effect that you have to face late game end bosses way underleveled.Moreover, the new game play mechanics are horrible. How about if we limit mobilty by introducing oxygen sets which have to be refilled in rather short intervals? That sure was fun......not. Limited resources is the key word here because they very much removed health regeneration in early levels which really makes you hate the Russian stereotype they set up for the health vendor. Item slots are limited to two for a very long stretch of the early game which is annoying es HELL because you tend to run out of ammunition types and you find yourself managing your inventory more often than you really would like to.A word about the AU (artificial unintelligence): It's still Borderlands-style braindead but this time they simply cheated as almost every melee opponent has a high speed gap closer and just so they don't have to aim they give them sweeping attacks, scatter shot attacks or splash damage they use instantaneously after moving in. The ranged opponents on the other hand shoot like they have an aimbot. The devs didn't even try to hide that as they sometimes shoot lock-on lasers. Or they hit sniper shots on flying targets like they were shooting barns at six feet with a shotgun. Some bosses use a bit more finesse: They simply carpet bomb half the combat area.The lists of annoyances just goes on and on and on with this game and the bottom line is that this game just isn't fun to play."
,Recommended,261640,28424788,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Wildheavenly,the oxygen thing is quite annoying sometimes...
,Recommended,261640,27447672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trpaslik,"Jack is a Hero! Also, you can play as Claptrap...."
76561198011418067,Recommended,261640,28390475,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ryd3r,"Fun and entertaining!Butt slams, characters and the story are dope!But not as great as Borderlands & Borderlands 2.7/10"
,Recommended,261640,20686668,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,QueenBee,It's Borderlands... Need I say anymore?
,Recommended,261640,17419052,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cerebral,its a good game
76561198150098406,Recommended,261640,17444470,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BTsaruwatari,totally worth to buy
,Recommended,261640,17536715,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,SirSerge,Awesome Game
,Recommended,261640,18019505,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dix_0ak,Pros:MEMESCons:MEMESThere is also laser weapons.
76561198037612045,Not Recommended,261640,13484490,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Angel Spit,post game no
76561198001652667,Not Recommended,261640,13515384,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,andrew471,"Well, where to start, the annoying australian accents on everyone, it was cute at first but eventually you get a headache.  The game in my opinion wasnt finished,  when playing the slots they were so blurry you couldnt see what was coming up until the grenade dropped in front of you in any case then its too late to run and with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shield i had i was toast.  so i died in the bar playing slots.  Borderlands 2 plus the lack of gravity, although a novelty at first it becomes annoying when you over jump something  then have to run to an air pocket because you are down to 25%. Makes it difficult to do quests, so i ended up leaving them till i had a bigger air supply.  Luckily i got the game on sale for $29.00, the game isnt worth the 60 bucks they were asking and personally i think it shoulda been an add-on to B2.   If anyone has any questions feel free to ask, im a B2 fan and im not impressed"
,Not Recommended,261640,13770573,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cupcake Bandit,"I wanted to like this game SOOOOO bad. When I was playing as Windhelm, I was thinking to myself ""Maybe it's just the character (since Windhelm's voice acting is HORRIBLE)"" So I got the Jack DLC. Granted, his voice acting is MUCH better, and they even throw in a few quirks (he's afraid of heights,) it still doesn't make up for the fact that the game is BOOORING! I LOVED all the Borderlands games, and I seriously wanted to give this game a chance, but towards the end, I just did the bare minimum to beat the game since A) the story is not good B) the sidequests are unispired and don't add much to the lore/story.Go ahead and replay Borderlands 2. If you want it to look like the Pre Sequel, invert the colors and make a few ""PEW"" sounds."
,Not Recommended,261640,13572410,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Shad,"Honestly, somewhat disappointing.In the words of a game critic I enjoy, ""A sequel is supposed to fly off of the prequel, spreading it's wings"", however to me, it seems Borderlands took a step backwards with this game.The new hyped up movement abilities (Double Jumps, Butt Slam, etc.) were extremelly disappointed, the double jump isn't even a double jump, it's a jump and a glide, which, considering how high you jump to begin with, is annoying to say the least and there is no reason whatsoever to use the butt slam besides mission requirements.Whilst I understand Borderlands and how chaotic it intends to be (Completed Borderlands 2 multiple times over) This game just doesn't cut it in terms of fun, it's chaotic, but not in the way Borderlands should be.The whole 'Moon Setting' was a creative idea to begin with, but once you start involving oxygen meters that gradually reduce, you take away a large aspect of the game, having to frantically search for air in the middle of a fight is probably one of the last things you expect from a game primerally based on it's shooter action.Whilst I can appreciate the creativity that went into the game, it took too much away from the general feel of the past 2 games, not even the music is up to scratch in this one, I loved ""No place for a hero"" and ""No rest for the wicked"" However this one just doesn't cut it.Thank you, gearbox, for another game, but I'll keep playing the old one that doesn't force me to go to a magical air umbrella every few minutes."
,Not Recommended,261640,13533746,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,an actual hot spring cat,"Disaapointing, don't buy it unless it's very inexpensive. Content is lacking, reused assets are rampant and gameplay features are missing."
76561198038935216,Not Recommended,261640,13583197,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr MeeSeeks,"I wanted to like this game soo much, I have easily exceeded 500 hours on borderlands 2 but this uh it's just not as good.Honestly I have tried to find good things to say about it in order to recommend it to friends but I just can't, the storyline is okay, not as good as borderlands 2 but it has a few funny lines and is still better than your average fps, the visuals while being essentially the same as the 2cnd just fail to capture any real variety -essentially the same area recycled over and over and over again.The characters are more inline with borderlands 1 and the trees go back to being a slight dps increase rather than a playstyle definer. But playstyle is the true casualty here. The combat from the 2cnd game heck even the first has been taken out, stripped for parts,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a hammer than lazily slopped back in -easily the worst of the franchise their is no variation u have to go in guns blazing full board with no other option. enemy ai will not allow for control or long range options they will charge your position or grenade spam and their is nothing u can do about it -cover is worthless this time round and any slam or grenade hits will send you flying due to gravity.Gravity is the absolute worst mechanic ever introduced into a fps, it ruins everything it touches in this game, the lack of atmosphere makes exploration painful and not worth the effort, the use of said atmo in combat and the forced nature of its use is just extra frustration, the jump mechanics to get it to work can be fiddly and again frustrating with fire being able to knock u out or lock u into a low burn so very easily. the slightest hit with a nade or slam will throw u from cover and often off of cliffs or walls -into hazards etc with nothing u can do about it. lunatics this games versions of psycos especially can just be a pain to deal with as they rush ur position and spam ground slams.Vehicles, this game introduces 2 new ones and they are shocker -absolutely terrible, the game throws ALOT of vehicle jumps at u especially early on but the first car can barely make any of them and will often just zoom straight off into the beyond -the game gives u the 2cnd vehicle early and while it can make the jumps its this lame as slow wanna be bike or speeder thing -just soo much fail.Finally the laser weapons -my god f the damn laser weapons -in a players hands they are terrible ammo horing weapons dealing little damage per ammo but in the enemy hands they will rend your sheilds and health faster than a rocket round, the ai is extremelly acurate as they are in all borderlands and these enemies can fly and manipulate the gravity it's just frustration to deal with them with all the other factors in play."
,Not Recommended,261640,13783134,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,✪Trademarc™,if you like playing games for 1 time this game is ok. if u like to play games with an end game this game is the wurst. tobad that i paid 50 $ + 30$ for season pass. im dispointed
76561198030071294,Not Recommended,261640,13502821,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Yourburden,"I spent over 160 Dollars to get this game and its season pass for me and a friend, cause we LOVE the Borderlands series. Its really hard to tell if this is a new Standalone Borderlands game, or another DLC for Borderlands 2. Almost everything is a carbon copy of Borderlands 2. The guns, the shields, the HUD. I'll give it credit, the new Vault Hunters are interesting, and at least they have their own dialogue that makes me giggle. But the rest of the humor in this game is extremely dull. I almost never got a laugh out of this game.The game started off pretty good. Working with Handsome Jack(Villain of Borderlands 2), playing as a couple of the soon to be bosses and villains, interesting dialogue. It seemed like another good Borderlands game. Then mid to late game, I started noticing that, we weren't having as much fun as we thought we did.And,(SPOILERS) don't even get me started about the ending. I was screaming at the game to just explain what was going on. Instead we get a crappy cliffhanger, and we have to wait for the next game. HOPEFULLY BY THE ORIGINAL DEVELOPERS!I'm sure some fans of the series are willing to grin and bare it. But, unfortunately, spending over $160 for me and my friend, HEAVILY repeated missions, carbon copied mechanics, almost devoid of any humor, and the rediculous cocktease ending, sullied the game for me.In regards to buying this, I would say, Skip this game."
,Not Recommended,261640,13510689,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Goblinounours,"This game is pretty much an expansion pack in stand-alone format.You'll pay the price of a whole new game for it (except if you bought it at -50% on Steam like I did :p ), and there's still no real evolution since Borderlands 2.- Same graphics, user interface, same problems with them- New environments, weapons, classes and storyIt's like GearBox learned nothing from Borderlands 2.It's like they thought the game was already perfect.But hey, we can jump in low gravity. Great.That's an original new gameplay.Here are the real reasons to buy this game :- You're an RPG addict in need of MOAR LEWT and MOAR THINGS TO PUT ON YOUR MEAT BICYCLE !- You REALLY want to know the back-story of Handsome JackGearBox should re-think the WHOLE concept for Borderlands 3."
,Not Recommended,261640,13561873,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zunter,"I'm deeply disappointed, this game felt very rushed."
,Not Recommended,261640,13773077,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JakeTakesTheCake,"This game is a hard one to explain. Overall I enjoyed it. Fast paced, absurd, and insanely fun like any Borderlands game but it just lacked that little bit of uniqueness that the other games had. No characters are memorable, few jokes hit as well as in the other games, and most of all there weren't any quests that I really loved. It was sort of just a game that explained backstories, which to its credit it did very well. Honestly, unless you're a diehard BL fan I'd suggest just reading a wiki about everyone's backstory while playing BL2. Not enough of the gameplay changed to warrant it even being called a sequel or a prequel. I had fun with it and I don't regret buying it because they may have some amazing DLC added and the story was still fun to playthrough but something about it rubbed me the wrong way.Somewhere around the end I realized what my major problem with this game was. All of the other titles have done a great job of making possible to play with anywhere from 1 - 4 players with any combination of characters but this one doesn't. If you want the dialogue and story to make sense youhaveto play as at least Athena with at least 1 more person with you. Otherwise you'll feel really out of place when Athena pops up talking about what you're going through despite the fact that she's not there. They also repeatedly refer to you as ""we"" or ""they"" as if there are multiple people there. I get that this game is desgined to be played multiplayer but it shouldn't be expected. I never had this problem with the other games but it really pulled me out of the immersion in this one.All in all I think it's just a game that's safe to pass up. It's by no means a bad game but it's not exceptional either, it's just average. If you manage to get BL3 without playing this one, I think you'll be fine."
,Recommended,261640,14893833,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Taking place between BL1 and BL2, TPS is where you witness the fall of Handsome Jack and can shoot and loot on the Austalian-ish moon. Great game, too."
,Not Recommended,261640,30600699,Posted: 18 March,all,Ickoris,"In my opinion, this one was WAY less funny than its two predecessors, the oxygen gimmick was a bit annoying, and none of the playable characters were interesting. The questgivers were just flat-out annoying....I really cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,261640,13465549,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,🌹 Vanquisher 🌹,Poor claptrap :(....10/10 Graphics10/10 Story line10/10 Guns and animations10/10 Psycho10/10 Would bang it! <3
76561198045916070,Recommended,261640,25508324,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,CheesyTits,"Even though I recommend this game as being a fun addition to the Borderlands universe, it is a disappointing sequel to Borderlands 2, I expected more from it and I didn't get it. Here are a few points I have to point out -Cons:- Got lost so many times in this game. SO MANY.- None of the characters are really memorables, except for the cameos from the other Borderlands games. Some are downright annoying and everyone has a bad British accent.- Does all the loot have to be terrible pistols?Pros:- Definitely more challenging than the last in terms of combat and the final boss.- Makes you actually save up your money, unlike BL2 where it stopped being a problem after the first chapter.- Still has all the fun elements of the Borderlands games.- New fun features such as butt-slams and air boosts. Moon gravity FTW!Still recommend the game, but I don't see myself replaying it as much as I did Borderlands 2. That's all."
76561198078305644,Recommended,261640,32904065,Posted: 27 June,all,Zombarts,Good game
76561198073028726,Recommended,261640,30594517,Posted: 18 March,all,TastyHamSandwich,"Probably the worst borderlands ( not including tell tale), but nevertheless it's still a pretty entertaining game."
,Recommended,261640,13475180,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Vraca,好遊戲
,Recommended,261640,32998677,Posted: 29 June,all,PRIDE.,Looks like borderlands to me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561197972472913,Not Recommended,261640,31490403,Posted: 1 May,all,Bobyl,"While early game is catchy and interesting, Borderlands quickly become extremely b.o.r.i.n.g.The main missions are interesting but they are not sufficient to level your character for the next main mission. You are therefore required to complete side quests which all follow the same pattern:- clear area X to reach point A,- oh, something is locked/not working/not powered, you have to get to point B, after clearing area Y,- if you are lucky, you can go back to point A and f**ing clear again area X since all enemies are respawning at the exact same location as before.- if you are unlucky, you can go to point C (after clearing area Z, of course)- repeat ad nauseam.After 10h of playing, I was so annoyed that I rushed the main missions and have absolutely no intention of playing side quests (and no intention of playing the game with another character)."
,Not Recommended,261640,15098857,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Third World Hero,4/10 Eh....
,Not Recommended,261640,25667727,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Rapid,"I played Borderlands 2 more than 120 hours. This one is only 25 hours and boring as Hell. Nothing new compared to the sequels, just a repetitive look-a-like. Boring, constant groups of enemies in repetitive, meaningless missions with instructions like go there, fix/kill that, come back, repeat. The new characters are boring too. Nothing spectacular or even funny, except Jack himself. Not worth even the 3€ I payed for it."
76561198046432905,Recommended,261640,24003919,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chaosgamer,It's not  as good the previous one borderlands 2 but it's definitely worth playing if ur a fan of the borderlands series.Pluss it sure as hell is better than the tell tales version
,Recommended,261640,13249336,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dragon Flyerz,"Borderlands: The Pre Sequel! is the latest addition to the looter shooter series Borderlands. This game is set between Borderlands 1 and 2 and tells the tale of new Vault Hunters working for everyone's favourite charming psychopath Handsome Jack. The new Vault Hunters and the story of Handsome Jack's plight are top notch, however this game is plagued by a fair number of issues. Athena, Wilhelm, Nisha and Claptrap are a blast to play, which they owe to their unique action skills and distinct skill trees. The narrative is enjoyable if somewhat predictable and adds some depth to the demonised Handsome Jack. Now for the bad stuff, essentially this game can be viewed as a large mod for Borderlands 2 as it is built on the same engine. Additionally The Pre Sequel's end game is hampered by un-respawning bosses and an expansive list of unobtainable legendary gear. Many enjoyable boss battles can only be played once per playthrough and most of the legendaries can only be obtained via the grinder. Speaking of legendaries; most of these will be familiar from Borderlands 2, some at least have been renamed in the hopes that we won't notice. With recent patches failing to acknowledge key issues in the game unless you are a true Borderlands fan you won't find much reason to continue playing past playthrough number 1. All in all the Pre Sequel was thoroughly enjoyable on its first playthrough, the inclusion of Ocker Australian humor and the fantastic narrative provided enjoyment but the lack of end is sorely noticed. Is it worth its price tag? Hell no. Get this game when its on sale."
76561198000797183,Recommended,261640,25032348,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,damantus,"What's new in the pre-sequel? Lasers, Oz kits, and you can play as Claptrap.I found the storyline to be a bit shorter than BL2, but enjoyed it nonetheless.Did first walkthrough with Wilhelm and his flying robots, had a blast.Started a Nisha and I love her action skill with a sniper rifle, but she dies way too much for my liking.Athena is ok, survives better with her aspis shield action skill but to me she's just meh.Seriously I am having the most fun as Claptrap. His action skill is random ""supposedly"" based on the situation. Sometimes it's helpful, other times not so much. His skill tree doesn't seem as strong as the other classes but his dialogue makes up for it in my opinion. Plus he doesn't need oxygen to breathe but still gets the benefits of an Oz kit.Dahl grinder in Concordia is pretty cool once you complete the mission to activate it, especially at lower levels. Can convert 3 items of same color to a possible item of the next tier. A couple achievements associated with it too.Only real negative? DLC is really lacking for this title compared to BL2."
76561198375834961,Recommended,261640,32220816,Posted: 6 June,all,élan,Sick
,Recommended,261640,13727615,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,♥태연♥,good game
76561197989661082,Not Recommended,261640,16802388,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Foxtrot,"It is amazing that they actually managed to create a version with a less finished feel than Borderlands 1 and 2. Playing multiplayer is very buggy, simple, easy, and flat out boring. The game has more bugs than its predecessors (collision will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off very quickly, as will getting stuck on EVERY piece of terrain), and lacks any depth. The skill trees are unexciting, the attempt at humor in the storyline falls short of amusing, and the quests are 30 minutes of running with less than 10 guys to kill. I would recommend you play the 1st and 2nd Borderlands and skip what is clearly a half finished attempt at what should have been dlc not a 'new title'."
76561197999423205,Not Recommended,261640,31990309,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,This honestly felt lackluster to Borderlands 2. It was also built on the same engine.
76561198113240318,Not Recommended,261640,13583285,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xtratalent,"so after beating the game I do feel that  i can now do a comprehensive review of this game. First of all I loved BL2, it had everything right and was such an improvement over 1 and played so much better than anything i played before in the FPS genre. Here its not so much the same. The story is so short it should have just been a dlc pack for bl2 instead of a full blown game. Also, after mucking around in the files i noticed alot of things from bl2 are resused which honestly is just lazy. Glitches riddle the areas such as places where you'll fall out of the map or enemies will float through doors. Honestly don't buy this for 60$ buy it on sale or on console where its much cheaper. overall lazy excuse from gearbox."
,Recommended,261640,23231480,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sm:)e,"Sa !! u zagradama će biti označeni potencijalni spojleri: (!! spojler)Prvo negativne strane:-Igrica traje 22 sata ukoliko idete paralelno sa glavnom pričom rješavati sve sporedne misije.-Za moj ukus i naspram drugih nastavaka igrica naglo počinje. (shvatljivo buduči da je igrica spoj 1. i 2. nastavka te ako ih niste igrali upropastili ste si dvije fenomenalne igrice)Pozitivne stvati:-Prvo i ono najbitnije odlična zabava tijekom svakog od 22 sata.-Smanjena reciklaža sporednih misija. (i dalje ima kao i u prijašnjim nastavcima da prelazite jednote istu misiju smo njene varijacije na temu, no več u Borderlands 2 je to bilo manje primjetno nego u jedinici, a ovdje je još manje uočivo)-Kao i u nastavcima prije, humora i referenci na druge franšize ne fali.-Zabavne nove mehanike igranja.-Prilagođenije solo igranju.-Zabavno novo vozilo koje ne sliči nitijednom od do sad viđena 6 automobila. (!! u igrici imaju dva nova vozila jedno je po uzoru na stara, drugo je nešto sasvim novo)-(!! Novi tip oružja)Osobno mišljenje i sveukupni dojam:Igrica je savršena poveznica Borderlandsa 1 i 2 te objašnjava neke stvari koje se u Borderlandsu 2 nameču kao činjenice. Priča je zabavna i pomaže vam da se povežete sa drugom stranom. kraj je usporediv sa krajem Borderlandsa 2. Ostavlja po meni isti ako ne čak i bolji dojam. Ne mogu čekati novi nastavak ovog serijala.Ocjena:95/100"
76561197971951603,Recommended,261640,16406966,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,EPGAH,"This is a great game, and very creative new Classes, especially the unpredictable Claptrap.Athena has a Captain America-ish shield throw, charged up by absorbing enemy blasts.Wilhelm launches Drones that fight and heal you.Nisha the Gunslinger's ability not only target locks on enemies, but locks onto their Critical spots!You don't know WHAT Claptrap's Special will do when you activate it!The storyline is notable, this shows ""Handsome"" Jack BEFORE he was a bad guy. In this one, he's almost noble, at least at first!BUT it is MUCH harder than Borderlands 1&2. It's up to you whether that's a good thing or a bad thing.I consider it unilaterally a bad thing that this game is more dependent on platform puzzles than its predecessors, and especially jump pads.The enemies stumble into jump pads too, and sometimes kill themselves, but this actually makes the game harder, as it denies you precious EXP you need to Level up and get strong!"
,Recommended,261640,17303050,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,snowbringer,"Does not have the charm of the previous games (I've logged 400+ hours in those, and have barely managed <40 in this). Only redeeming part is playing Clappy. Recommended for a short romp as a bouncing robot of violence, but not much past that.It takes all the annoying multiplayer parts of the previous borderlands, and amps them up, while the single player suffers. >.>"
,Recommended,261640,15633123,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,muh boi shingo,"Hmmmmmmmm....Most things has changed in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. such like gravity, Oz kits, gravity slam, LASEEERRRRS. And it's pretty fun when playing on the Jack side. The Scav, like the Bandits of Elpis. Pretty enjoyable gameToo bad, this Borderlands is look too similar to Borderlands 2 in space. Everything: main menu, window HUD, some weapons, is from Borderlands 2 without changing a bit. That's pretty sad.If you want to know this game worth 60$? I can tell....A bit overpriced.This Borderlands is pretty decent 7/10"
,Recommended,261640,18066048,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,vespers_,"Yup this is a late review but some people might find it handy.Is this a bad game? No. But it is not nearly as good as Borderlands 2. If this had been the first game in the series it would be getting praise across the board... but it isn't the first game and it's going to be damn hard to live up to BL2. The main problem is the game just feels like a large BL2 DLC. It took me 22h to do a playthrough, which is very respectable until you consider it took me 35h to do a playthrough of BL2.And that's that TPS' biggest problem... it is a smaller game than BL2 in every respect (even if we ignore DLC) the first 5-6h of the game take place in a few very boring and samey moon levels. Eventually the game brings you to some awesome locations including a space construction site, a testing facility, and a Hyperion city and these levels are great! I just wish there were more of them. Overall this game has far fewer areas than BL2 and far less environment variation too. The maps are smaller as well. The same goes for the side missions. There's just not a lot of them and many feel kind of like missed opportunities.The story at points feels like it will take an awesome turn and in some ways it is really cool to see the events leading up to the events of BL2, but it feels like 2K was rushed because the story never hits the levels it could have and never goes into the depth we would have loved to have. Before you know it the story is over and it leaves quite a bit of room for more. Old characters return but many never actually appear in game... they say a couple sentences over echo. The game introduces a few new characters but they are mostly forgettable.I've said a lot of negative things up until now, but this is NOT a bad game. I love that the playable characters actually talk and give their own opinions on events and that characters dialogue changes depending on what character you choose to play. For example, playing as Athena I had Springs (female Scooter) hitting on me and I enjoyed the way Athena reacted.The shooting is as fun as ever and the introduction of low gravity is a good one in my opinion. Double jumping and slamming enemies adds an awesome new facet to the gunplay and they nailed it, although I feel like O2 could have been a bit scarcer. You will not die if you run out of air. As for guns, there are new energy guns that are fine, but there's no overhaul here as was done between BL1 and BL2. However the Boganella shotgun was awesome and had me laughing all the while i used it (which was most of the game unfortunately).There are a few new enemies (emphasis on few) that are fun enough, but mostly you fight scavs which are basically bandits. More enemy types would have been cool, and some of the new additions could have been used to more effect.Overall this game is good. It doesn't really do anything wrong, but I can't help but compare it to BL2 and see all the things it isn't. BL2 had me so hooked I bought all the DLC and pumped over 225h into it and would come back for more in a heartbeat. I will likely do a second playthrough of this game, but I feel no need to go beyond that or purchase any of the mostly lackluster DLC (HINT: if the base game is short, character packs are probably not the best idea for DLC).Anyway I can recommend this game because it is a well made and fun game. It is worth playing if you pick it up on sale, just be aware that this is not BL3."
76561198130646382,Recommended,261640,34446917,Posted: 23 August,all,perry.trent,dope
76561198144342383,Recommended,261640,27496376,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChaRuru,Need more DLC and stage!!
,Recommended,261640,29638403,Posted: 1 February,all,Parasol,low gravity butt slamin' ppl......that's all.the game is not as good as borderlands 2 story-wise but u get to slide through the air while shooting at ppl which kinda makes u feel like a badass.
76561198075838532,Not Recommended,261640,16701927,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,camera,IM VERY VERY disapointed on how short the game is compared too the second one
76561198027893754,Not Recommended,261640,13739467,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,GiggleHz,"made me wanna go replay borderlands 1, the best IMO. Dont like the low gravity just a personal opinion.It is borderlands 2 with much less interesting environments with low gravity, that is exactly what it is. If that sounds appealing then go nuts.  Overal i cant really recommend this game because i just dont dig it that much, it literally made me go play Borderlands 1 again...I would highly, HIGHLY recommend waiting for a sale...TRUST ME."
,Recommended,261640,22468455,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Pikemonogatari!,"bltps is about air boosting butt-slamming fun, weird accents, friggin' laz0rs, and claptrap. its interesting to see jack guiding you through the game.He does says awesome a lotand i agree claptrap is a mistakei mean, being included in this -short- game.. imagine playable claptrap in bl3 with more story involvement, background details,dryfunny jokes, character interactions, and dubstep sillyness!this game gets a lot of bad reviews because ppl expecting bltps will be like borderlands 2 but bl2 just set the bar really high, you cant even compare bltps to tina dragon keep, bl2 bestest dlcand yes such short game i think this is more like standalone expansion, feels like less than half of bl2, only ONE raid boss, long-unskippable quest dialogue, and many other bad stuff i can tolerateim slightly disappointed i dont get to meet the geisha botSimply in bltps you dont have much anything to dowhile in bl2 if im bored i could: watch goliath fights, raise varkids to vermi, visit NINE raid bosses, get chubby surprises (in bltps chubby spawn is almost non existant), also badass prefix is everywhere in bl2 while in bltps.. what, badass scav?BUT best things in this game arenba jam quest: basketbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaathe meriff remixhyperion voice lady quest:""♥♥♥♥♥ volcano.""""booty salads.""cryo > slag, cryo is FUN while not necessary, in -uvhm- bl2 either slags everyone or do no damage, thats why i played krieg a lot *BLEEP* SLAGsterwin forever ;_;moxxtails, i think its a cool concept by giving slight buff and moonstone sinkthe characters are responding when the others activating skill, for example nisha to athena: ""Draw their fire, I'll go for the kill!"" or wilhelm to claptrap: ""DO NOT. START. DANCING!"" (but then again i dont hear these much bc nobody wants to play with me)playable claptrap (and the other interesting new classes), i like watching the minibot dancing, so cute!oh and shugguraths, i always wanted flying towering huge enemieselpis is essentially australiaand sorry i only reviewed the base game bc im such a poor♥♥♥♥♥i could only buy games when its like $5 but i heard clapvoyage dlc is coollooking forward to memelands 3!"
76561198018719224,Not Recommended,261640,17357854,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Polluter,ehh still trying to get into it. Way too much novelty space garbage. It is very similar to how the entire Saints Row Franchise was ruined after 3 with special powers and floating. Fun suckers!
,Recommended,261640,26923290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MattyK,"Probably one of the coolest 'bad guy origin stories' to date. Even if the game barely changes the tried-and-tested Borderlands formula, it's still a good successor/predecessor."
76561197972493574,Not Recommended,261640,17344132,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Jiff Master Zero,"Just sad to see such a down grade in game play and execution. I really wanted to like the sequels to the original but they  just fall flat. The gravity system and constant lack of air makes exploring feel extremely tedious. The map design is just awful. You'll spend most your time slowly descending from space after hitting an invisible wall adding to the frustration of a bleedingly un-fun level/map design. Hit mechanics are off, AGAIN. The RPG element of shooting something point blank in the face with a GUN and ""missing"" is lost on me. Also for some reason they have cut out most the violence and foul language is bleeped which makes no sense for a M rated title. In all this is one of those vanilla sequels a producer had his ""mass marketing"" hand in too deep and this bland title was the result. After a handful of hours I already have uninstalled this hot mess and regret spending $20. Feel real sorry for the saps that bought this on launch. This is for sure the last nail in the coffin of this dying franchise."
76561198028809323,Not Recommended,261640,13507395,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,P3454nt,dont get me wrong its a great game but not enough content. i will change this review if the dlc is great
,Not Recommended,261640,14054299,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hapy,WAIT... WAIT... WAIT.... It was released too early and i am not enjoying it. i dont want to spend 10 more bucks on a dlc not worth my time... please come out with bl3 in atleast 1 year...
,Not Recommended,261640,13463869,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Gaz-samaZX4 -HalfPain-,Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game at full♥♥♥♥♥♥♥price!
76561198079410616,Recommended,261640,23386560,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ウボォーギン,"Ground slam, high jumps and slight floating, lasers, unique characters dialogue and responses, Torks are cute af, taking orders from handsome dylf, sex jokes galore, professor Nakayama, you see Craptrap die in DLC, but most importantly... WILHELM!11/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,13681493,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Señor Chalupa,"I really liked the other Borderlands and was really hyped for this one when it came out. I was very happy with the storyline within the game, but it lacks the one thing that makes it Borderlands. Less than half of the bosses are farmable meaning you can only kill them one time for the loot they drop, unless you alt + F4. But that one time you forget to Alt + F4 and the game saves, whoops you're out of luck, only way to get it is the grinder now. There were also way too many legendaries that were in Borderlands 2. Having a few from Borderlands 2 is fine, but there is way too many. Gearbox please fix."
76561197962238228,Not Recommended,261640,30887327,Posted: 1 April,all,Mirbaz,What is the point of making a new game which is worse than its predecessor in every aspect and brings no improvements whatsoever? Well that is exactly what this is. Really bad different version of the previous borderlands.
,Recommended,261640,35154021,Posted: 23 September,all,∞Jessieeee∞,GOOD
,Not Recommended,261640,12919624,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Beeps,"It should be pretty forebodding that a game that's supposed to be a mindless addictant only lasted me about 25 hours. I will admit that most of the new stuff, like the laser and ice weapons, are pretty good, but that is not want arrests my attention. What arrests my attention is that almost nothing was improved from Borderlands 2, even the stuff that would take almost no effort to fix like summoned ""pets"" obstructing your menu. Speaking of the menu, it's still an absolute monstrosity, and probably my biggest problem with the game. The tutorial still sucks, the drop system is still flimsy with common loot and overspecialized with boss loot, there are still bullet sponge enemies everywhere, the lighting is still hard on the eyes, (though a little better because of the lack of variety), the frame rate is inconsistent, enemy level progression is all over the place, and the writing still sucks. What we have here is a Majora's Mask sequel's worst case scenario--a one-off game that with a gimmick that completely changes the way you play, but but is completely and totally inferior to the home series' ""mainstay"" games."
,Recommended,261640,24487399,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,sweetfoxyluv,ok im going to say this for all of you who gave a bad review for the pre-sequal R U BEING SERIOUS? this game has a more emersive storyline than bl 1 n 2 you cant base a game on 10 mins of play then write a bad review which btw 4 me makes  no difference as i nvr judge a game either by its cover or other ppls opinions .... i have a brain of my own so therefor Dont listen to the haters HATE THE PLAYER NOT THE GAME!!!  BL-PRESEQUAL ROCKS!!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,13897101,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,OpenAI (EE THROW MODE),"You can buttslam with all kind of elements like Cryo, Explosive etc. With Claptrap. Even though he has no butt.11/10 Would Fake-Buttslam again"
,Not Recommended,261640,24433893,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Spookel,"there's a few interesting features like jump pads and requiring oxygen, but i certainly can't recommend it at this price atleast. The characters are fairly uninteresting (except for claptrap and jack purely because of the other games), the enemies aren't nearly as amusing as on the other games and the level design is odd and sometimes infuriating.Still, if you can get this game really cheap I'd recommend it. The spacey atmosphere is quite beautiful and the combat is very similar to the other games, just don't expect an outstanding storyline."
,Recommended,261640,29581621,Posted: 30 January,all,+SkySplitter+,"Character breakdown (IMHO):- Athena: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?! (in all seriousness, Aspis is bae)- Nisha: What's an aimbot? (like really, I just have really good aim)- Wilhelm: (replace all aspects of your life with robots and machines)- CL4P-TP: ...I didn't ask for this. (random =/= funny)- Jack Double: Who needs friends, right? (Inspired~!)- Aurelia: Snipers need spotters and meat shields (greatly under-utilized if playing alone ;-;)For what it's worth, I had a fun time playing through and learning more about what happened before and after Borderlands 2. Unlike Borderlands 2, I didn't feel as compelled to run through as each character to lvl 72 on Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode.Only reason I continued through TVHM on one character was because of the new commentary by Brick and Tiny Tina <3"
76561198050841260,Recommended,261640,28646062,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mental Breakdown,Nisha best waifu
,Recommended,261640,12691302,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,[NES]Shocktarts,"the third game in probably one of my favorite series of all time and this game is no exception, everything you love about borderlands is in this game and then some.  plus you get to play as Claptrap, which makes this game 10/10 for sure."
,Not Recommended,261640,13678777,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,We Trappin,its borderlands 2 but now you can jump higher. have fun
76561197963058683,Not Recommended,261640,13584550,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,<§> l @nw@r,"Game fine and all, Not worth it, just got boring very quick lost intrest of playing it too, short of game, should of been dlc"
76561198125026456,Not Recommended,261640,13506192,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Windows XP,Sh!t do NOT get this game 0.000000000000000001/10
76561197966618149,Not Recommended,261640,17689547,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Doc Johan,"This ""game"" is not worth the $70 I payed for the download + season pass.  It's BL2 with limited outdoor time, Australian accents and even more eggregious mysandry.  Spend your money on a proffessional-grade massage: it'll be far more valuable."
,Recommended,261640,12506555,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ScTiger,"After playing 7 hours as Wilhelm the enforcer at level 15, I have come up with the following list of Pros/Cons.Cons:-Fire weapons are next to useless since they don't work in no-atmosphere environments and 25% of the enemies you fight (Kraggons, which are like fire skags in space) are resistant to fire.-not enough Mr. Torgue.-You can kill really fast, and get killed really fast. For example, I was able to kill the second boss in one clip with my laser shotgun after killing his shield generators, but died one and got knocked down about 15 times.-No exploding laser weapons.-Grenades roll waaaaaay to far in low gravity, so rubberized grenades are the way to go.-Zarpedon is a way less cool villain than Handsome Jack.-All laser weapons have scopes for some reason, which is really annoying for laser shotguns.-There are no psychos, despite being on the cover art of the game.Pros:-Story is  intriguing-Laser weapons are badass-so are cryo weapons-staus effect stacking seems to be back.-You get your first skill point at level 3 instead of level 5-You start with two guns, in my case a pistol and a shotgun.-Intro is a lot more fast-paced and interesting than in BL2.-Nice visuals.-Your character actually speaks, though not very much, it's still funny.-The grinder is a good idea, but I can't seem to combine blue or purple weapons.-Money is actually somewhat useful, unlike in Borderlands 2, where all you did was buy ammo.SuggestionsModding/workshop support would be awesomeDay/Night cycle. Just because you are on the moon doesn't mean that whatever star lights up Pandora doesn't exist."
,Not Recommended,261640,18806075,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,JamesUK,"Doesn’t have the magic of BL2 but it’s a nice return for fans of the series, DLC sucks. DLC is what sunk BL2 for me. Randy pitchford enough said."
76561198030459122,Not Recommended,261640,18736810,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Speedwagon,Not nearly as good as borderlands one or two
,Not Recommended,261640,30090550,Posted: 21 February,all,bbkr,"Yawn.I was hoping for BL2 on steroids. With action so intense that I could just tape LMB permanently. I was expecting death dance with enemies using some new moves or skills. I was expecting destruction.Instead they served again everything that was annoying in BL2. Stupid inventory management, countless boxes that must be opened to find money/ammo, too rare fast travel stations, boring outside world terrain, map that cannot track more than one quest at a time. And they made it worse by adding oxygen level that needs to be monitored and replenished  constantly (If I wanted to monitor oxygen level I would play hospital emergency simulator, not shooter!).There are few good additions - low gravity moves, hoovercraft vehicle and Baroness Hammerlock (lovely voice acting). But this doesn't outweight the fact that game is boring. I'll try to push main questline a bit further, but if I have Doom and Borderlands The Pre-Sequel next to each other in my library Doom wins hands down. No boxes, no oxygen worries, no endless walking over dull wastelands, just awesome combat."
,Recommended,261640,14098852,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,34footfault,You get to kill a bunch of Imperial Guards and that crazy Inquisitor lady who has cakes instead of hat this time.40K/10
,Not Recommended,261640,15709442,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hatty,Borderlands: The Pre-SequelPros:+It's a Borderlands game+New weapons and a new elementCryo+Good humor+Fills in the plot holes between bl1 and bl2+Grinder+Claptrap DLCCons:-2K Australia-No real Raid Bosses-Some bosses don't respawn-To get some legendaries you must grind the vendors or use the grinder-Very short story-Shock Drop Slaughter Pitis not worth it-I've heardthat theHolodome DLCis not worth it either.6/10 -Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,261640,16713128,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,"The worst game out of the already weak series of Borderlands games.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel adds to the series a unique campaign experience that forces players to back-track constantly and almost every mission includes a few lazily designed ""Oh no the door is locked! Go find a way to open it!"" sequences in order to chew up as much time as possible.I don't like a lot of things about the Borderlands games already, but I'm sure this game would be considered bad even by fans of the series.Worth like $5 for being a game you can play with a few friends."
76561198005650538,Not Recommended,261640,24259897,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,OoGrimmeloO  Roter PandaBär,"Really wanted to enjoy this game , but none of the characters are really fun to playThe game needs more Krieg!"
,Not Recommended,261640,24125040,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Liquor? I don't even know 'er.,"Enjoy the crashes, there will be many.This game came out in 2014 and the dev' team STILL (as of mid 2016) havent fixed some of the graphix issues causing system crashes/freezes. Remedying this will mostly require a hard reset.FYI: Playing this on my old rig went rather smoothly, t'was a piece of trash thou (terrible frame rate, yada yada) but it worked. Even finished a whole playthrou of the game explaining why I have 150+hrs on record.Now that I got myself a new (trashy) hotness PC, I can't even play for 30 mins on medium/high video settings without my poor rig having agonising seizures every time I enter ANY gunfight.All this due to 2K admiting having issues with ""various graphics cards""...Best bet is to krank all graphix option to low with windowed resolution and just MAYBE you'll be able to enjoy a few hours of gameplay. That is if there is not any other app eating up the CPU/graphix card, do not even try to multi task while playing.Can you smell the BS? I sure can. The HELL Gearbox/2K? Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together!Final word, TPS is a glorified DLC of BL2 having DLC itself filled with game breaking problems... Cheap as fudge, looks like it but sure dont taste like it. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK (if so, get it on sale). GL HF..."
,Not Recommended,261640,25746021,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Squidward,it's garbage
76561198028115237,Not Recommended,261640,25439240,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Combi,"TL:DR at the very bottomThis game is mind numbingly boring. From start to finish it's bug, after bug, after bug. My favorite bug I had was when I had an important character bug out completely. She wouldn't update my quest log and even validating didn't fix it. I had to redo my entire save game which I've had to do a two or three times due to the same issues.The story isn't fun either. The characters are annoying to listen to relying solely on poor sexual humor that is as if a child wrote this script. Personally, I find the accents are trying too hard.Another annoying part of the dialogue is how hard they try to show their tolerance towards the LGBT community. Almost every character you run into is gay. It's fine to make your characters whatever sexual oritation you want, but what's not okay is pushing it so hard to make everyone and everything gay and reminding you every conversation. It's just trying too hard in the worst way possible.What about the gameplay? Are the characters fun and unique like in Borderlands 2? No, not really. Elements are kinda useless. Cryo (Slag replacement) is boring to use. Fire is usless when there's no oxygen. Corrosive is okay but I found myself not using it often. Shock is the most useful for the shields but it's not saying much. Gunplay is similar to Borderlands 2 but I never found it rewarding. Playing Athena and only using your shield and melee is amazingly easy. Whatever character you pick it feels like you're playing in god mode. Little to anything stops you which makes gameplay too easy and repetitive.I've played this game solo and with friends but even then nothing can keep me playing without needing breaks. It's so obnoxiously boring and unsatisfying.TL:DRI rarely could get the game to work, provide any sort of fun, or even give me a good ending. Jack's okay story is the only reason to grab it when it's on sale or something."
76561198044350031,Recommended,261640,13455834,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kirby,"If you like borderlands 2, then you'll like this game. Same game engine but it's still a fantastic game worth the price."
,Recommended,261640,13454938,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,guimello,♥♥♥♥ing awesome. The low gravity is really interesting and funny!
,Recommended,261640,12698031,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,MissGlitchy🎃,"Borderlands 1 was the best borderlands game ever, borderlands 2 was pretty awesome. but this.... yeah it's cool. but the story is short like the dlc's from borderlands 2. you HAVE to buy the season pass, this is just the teaser for the season pass dlc's ...."
,Recommended,261640,12789099,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Naria,"It's more or less, like a 60.00 DLC, but still worth the purchase, in my opinion."
76561197963648068,Recommended,261640,12811549,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,sKorpion,"10/10they did the series proud...more guns, more combat options, new skills,new characters, lots of handsome jack, great story,lots of areas to explore, return of old characters...pure awesome!everything you love about borderlands, x2 :)"
,Not Recommended,261640,34708079,Posted: 3 September,all,Autistic Goalkeeper,Nothng close to borderlands 2. Just have mission bosses. I hope that not many people bought this game at full price. =( I wouldnt buy it even on discount
,Not Recommended,261640,14509532,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The Lawyer,"Not as many sidequests as in the last game. Not as many new things as the last game either. Basically just really expensive DLC. You can now double jump with kinda lame new classes. CL4P-7R4P is the only really original class, and that's because his action skill is basically a wild-card. Should you get it? Short answer: yes. Long answer: not as good as BL2 by any stretch of the imagination, with some extremely annoying fetch quests, and a few missions where you have to save, quit, and join back to get it to work. Still as funny as it's predecessor, though. Or epidecessor, maybe. Prepositions can be confusing. Hence the name of the game.Edit (having played significantly more):As I have played more and more of this game, the less I enjoy it. This review was originally positive, but not anymore. The sidequests. oh my god the sidequests. The last game had a good balance of sidequests and main story, but this game just doesn't know when to stop. In the final levels of the game, where you're supposed to have a real sense of urgency, it throws more and more and more sidequests at you. It makes you feel like there's no reason to rush. It put me off so much that I stopped playing on the final level. You know your game has pacing issues when you feel like stopping during the big finale.On top of all of this, do NOT get the Jack Doppelganger DLC. One of the abilities that he has is that Jack will randomly come in over voice com, to 'inspire' you with lines that are actually pretty funny. The problem is, sometimes he 'inspires' you while other characters are talking, cutting out their occaisonaly witty and usually helpful dialogue.Overall, if you liked the first and second games, you still might not like it. And even if you do buy it, don't get the Jack DLC.(Also apparently the word I was looking for earilier was 'interquel'. I had no idea that word existed. The more you know.)"
,Not Recommended,261640,24577779,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,D.Morok,"in the comparsion with original Borderlands 1-2, this part is soooooooper boring.And sometimes annoying as hell.It is only good in story telling to see what caused all that madness."
,Recommended,261640,12994928,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Wilef,"Pretty much BL2 but with lazer guns, in space, new characters.  Claptrap to op plz nurf"
76561198042768255,Not Recommended,261640,26049091,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Delta5931,"Wish there was a ""meh"" button...Basically, it explains everything that wasn't explained in Borderlands 2, such as:-Why Handsome Jack wears his mask-Why Threshers are on Pandora-Why Handsome Jack is a jerk-Where Wilhelm came from-What happened to Athena-Who really is the Sheriff of Lynchwood?-Why Hyperion changed their gun color scheme-How Jack came to power of the Hyperion Corporation (which was already sort of explained in Borderlands 2, but I guess that's not really canon anymore)-Where the vast majority of characters came from (Nakayama)DId any of this need to be explained?NOEach game needs a bit of mystery. Gamers don't need an entire game devoted to all this stuff. There's no more mystery with this stuff in Borderlands 2 anymore, which is a real shame. It's pretty obvious Gearbox made this as a way to pump more money into the Borderlands franchise, and not to add any real substance to the series.The gameplay, is Borderlands 2 but with low gravity and the ability to use the air in an oxygen tank to boost to higher areas, and get an edge over opponents. Virtually the same game.Characters are varied here,but I don't find most that interesting. Jack doppleganger is cool, but I don't care much for the other ones.Laser guns are cool. Just replaces E-Tech though, so...Final boss is cool, but the enemies are lame. Most are politcally corrected variations of existing enemies (Midget=Lil' Scav). No need for this change.If you like Borderlands 2, you'll love The Pre-Sequel. Just don't dig too deep, or you'll fall into a deep, spikey pit.EDIT: Took a look at the release date for Colonial Marines and this... This game came out about a year after Colonial Marines, which was basically a torpedo straight into Gearbox's face. I have no doubt in my mind that this game was created to ""cut losses"" from the gigantic financial and critical bomb that was A:CM, and to show that Gearbox ""still has it""EDIT 2: Also feels like a lot of humor was stripped out. Maybe it's still there, but the politically correct ""polish"" makes it hard to find."
,Recommended,261640,13837150,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,彡 MoeChilla 彡,Best chat simulator
76561198080894398,Not Recommended,261640,22855130,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Aristocratic Meme Dealer,level design sucks and its buggy
76561198202591455,Recommended,261640,23566859,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Man With No Name,Must have if you're Borderlands universe fan.
,Recommended,261640,12712172,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dachartach,"Ok, so apparently Elpis, the moon of Pandora, is indeed Space Australia. It's cool though. If you liked Borderlands, here you go, you should already be getting this game. It's great, the trailers do it justice. No slag weapons now, but I never really used them much anyway. The cryo and laser weapons are much better for my playstyles. If the previous incarnations were any indicator, expect a lot of DLC to add to the lengevity and replayability. Spewin, mate!"
,Recommended,261640,27167214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Core Seed,"First thought ""Meh..."" then I was like ""Oh, why didn't I play this earlier?"""
76561198043129218,Not Recommended,261640,22987201,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,|EmergencyLlama|,"Not a bad game.But there's no point in playing it, if you can just play BL2.BL2 is far, far better."
,Not Recommended,261640,13609349,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dr Zeus,God damn.My mate bought this game for $100 when it came out (including the season pass) and didn't play it until i got it on Boxing Day. We launched it all excited and then we heard the ridiculous Australian accents and we got instant headaches even though we're Australian. We then drove into a lava crater and exploded and then quit the game.6/10 no where near as fun as Borderlands 2.
76561197999955764,Not Recommended,261640,16443770,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HunterAnubis,First of I wish there was a meh thumb that wouldnt point up or down. Becose this is mostly game for fans+ Better story+ More of Jack+ Same thing as before+ 2 new elements+ main  characters actualy voice their opinions bit more+ ending of claptar DLC- Low gravity is rather annoing I kept jumping and thrusting forward (slowly)- Short story- to many fetch quests that make you wait out the dialog to pick item and go- seemed unballanced (maybe becose I played as Jack but he was way to OP killing + lvl 4-6 monsters with higher lvl then myself- slag element gone- I didnt find any of the main characters intresting. Jack Winhelm and honestly I dont even remember names of the other ones- claptraps.....That pretty much sums it up
,Not Recommended,261640,16331613,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,krystallios,literally just an overpriced dlc with reskins
,Recommended,261640,13462288,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,visco,Great game :). If you like Borderlands you'll enjoy it! Although it does have a lack of content IMO atm. But there is still lots to do. The moon atmosphere is a lot of fun as well.
76561198108022563,Not Recommended,261640,27899052,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xxrawrzzzxx_,Fun if you like maps that are 1 color constantly and fighting the exact same monster 20 times over in the beginning.
,Recommended,261640,12962161,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pankaike,"This was a refreshing 'restart' to the series after the meme-laden travesty of writing that was Borderlands 2. (and that is coming from someone who played through every dlc, every difficulty multiple multiple times for each character. Grindfest of death and Overlevel 8 x4)This brings in old characters, actually gives them points of view, histories, they flesh it out a bit. Eridians are still mysterious, so sorry if you were expecting them to be explained more in depth in this one.The pacing is actually great. You don't get horribly bored with sidequests - they provide what you usually need - a slight boost in xp here, a good weapon upgrade there to proceed along the main storyline with relative ease.The drop rate has improved as well - no more months of waiting for the glimpse of an orange; you can actually see oranges in vending machines and boss fights (as well as a guaranteed orange in a sidequest reward). Not to mention Gearbox spams golden keys so you can have at least decent purples as you level up.The best redeeming quality to me honestly? The final boss fight. It actually FEELS like what a boss fight is supposed to be. Just the right amount of frustrating difficulty and the sense of accomplishment as you pull a Face McShooty on it.Tl;dr: If you hated 2, give this one a go. This one feels like the natural successor."
76561198030920805,Not Recommended,261640,34246959,Posted: 14 August,all,gws5597,"It's playable and if you just want to shoot stuff for a few hours, it's okay. But it's nowhere near as good as Borderlands 2. The humour is gone. The NPCs are mostly forgettable. What really stands out are the side quests, which are the worst I've ever seen. You will do more backtracking here than you ever though possible, wandering through previous levels several times for that precious XP."
,Recommended,261640,12507330,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,El Mágico,11/10 get claptrapped and have a Torgue Fiesta
,Recommended,261640,12494415,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,tox thicc gamer boy,there is lasers and your on the moon what more could you ask for
,Not Recommended,261640,17359659,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cazadorian,"This is the worst Borderlands game in the series but is not actually a bad game. It does everything a good game should do right with good characters,good classes,good story and so on. It fails because it does everything wrong for a good Borderlands game. It lacks end game content aside from two bosses who don't drop anything noteworthy,after your first or second playthrough going through the story isn't fun anymore unlike Borderlands 2. Aside from the odd uniques and one or two legendaries the guns are the exact same as Borderlands 2 with lasers being a good but under developed addition. Also the majority of guns you either have to get as a world drop or from the grinder since loot midgets no longer exist and the majority of legendaries aren't actually dropped from a boss. As for the DLC aspect of this game it didn't help much. The Holodome was a worse version of the arenas from BL2 that was shipped with 10 levels which due to the scaling issues and lack of areas to farm XP you need to use gibbed to get to level 60 and its even worse for level 70. However the Claptastic Voyage DLC was one of the best things Gearbox has made which actually addressed many of the issues with TPS but the scale of the addressing was too small to actually do anything major along with it being too late to save the game. Once 2K Australia went under work on another DLC was stopped and the game left in a very bad state.If you aren't a big Borderlands fan you might enjoy this game but if you're a big fan of the series and are thinking of picking this up wait till its on sale or just ignore it completely."
76561198045492935,Not Recommended,261640,26742067,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hispanic At The Disco,The game's just a boring DLC to Borderlands 2
,Recommended,261640,14091262,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ogcapp,"Through the time I've spent on this title, it has become clear to me that it's not what it was hyped to be. Yes! It's still a fun game, though certain aspects of the game are frusterating or even annoying. Like having to manage how much air you have, having to mange the gravity difference. Driving a bunch of terrible cars. Playing with a bunch of characters who are all mainly situational or just terrible all together. Don't let this make it seem like the game is unplayable, it's still another fun and great Borderlands game! In my opinion Borderlands 2 will still remain the best out of the series. Though your still able to complete endless side quests, complete the main story line and get to KILL STUFF!Do note: I make this review sound really negative when I do truly enjoy the game. I was just expecting better.Overall I would give this game a positive review, though there are flaws to the game. It's still fun, I would recommend picking it up on a great sale. 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,33808294,Posted: 26 July,all,Basqe,"TL:DRdon't bother with it, unless heavily discounted and you have someone to play with.STORY/QUESTSDid you ever feel bored in a middle of 3 hour movie? Watched it because you've started it and wanted to know that maybe the ending will save you from those boredom feelings? Search no more, Borderland: TPS offers it all! Dull and boring sidequests that often just make you walk from point A to point B? We got you covered! Time-limited quests with buggy vehicle physics that will make you get stuck in some pit after driving from hangar? It's also in here! Dialogues that clearly state that you're a moron and need easy sentences to understand what's going on - like 'shoot dat guy in the face'? Oh boi, you have plenty of those. Story? To avoid major spoilers -you just team up with the bad guy, innovative.But since Borderlands was never heavily focused on that... we should move on to...GAMEPLAY/LEVEL DESIGNDo you enjoy explosions covering the whole screen? Multi-level locations where map overlaps itself? Each weapon looking the same (unless it's legendary)? That's the spirit, I knew that you're a man of culture as well. Jokes aside. The gameplay didn't change that much since Borderlands 2. They've added (some more) gravity, stomps and oxygen. Sounds cool right? Well it isn't. As much as I'd like to enjoy those features I can't because it's hard to put them into actual gameplay. If you rush towards enemies with intention to stomp them - you'll most likely die in halfway. And while we're at enemies topic. Don't expect too many new species, new models, new ways to die. Regular enemies tend to respawn so quickly that it easily becomes a pain in the rear to fight them (unless you want to grind, then it's an ideal option). Bosses? There are a few. Some of them die too fast (not only because of level/items you have) and with the others you'll struggle for 20 minutes. Locations - every each one of them tries to scream 'look at me, I'm big, open and beautiful' and while I can agree with them being big, (and often confusing) they have nothing else to offer. Vehicles? I think that there are 2 (!) locations where you can use 2 types of vehicles. One being the same as in each Borderlands and the second one being buggy thing that you wish you'd never have to use.ConclusionAs a fan of franchise and having about 200 hours (only on steam) spent with the first and second Borderlands, I can only write that I don't consider The-Presequel as an official 3rd (or 1st) part of the series. 40€ is a bit much for 12 hours of gameplay, even if the game doesn't end after the 1st run - you're really unlikely gonna make yourself suffer and try to do it again and again whereas in Borderlands 2 even grinding (with friends) could be fun. Maybe I'm just getting too old for all that.PSI didn't mention characters on purpose. I think their design is okay as always, beside the fact that their personalities lack a lot of depth and you just can't feel the connection to them. Their fate isn't something that you'd care about.PSSI'm really surprised to see so many positive reviews, guess you guys want 2K Australia (which already died because of bankruptcy) to create Borderlands 3 as well :DThat's all Folks!"
76561198119421646,Not Recommended,261640,28659619,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Musia,"did you play borderlands 1 and 2 and had a lot of fun? pick this game on sale.there are not enough enemy variations, most of the maps looks the same, the story is weak and the ending is forced. it feels more like a dlc, not a full game.i have 200+ hours on borderlands 1 and 700+ on borderlands 2 both are amazing games. this game is definitely the weakest in the franchise, i would pick it up for jack's lore and the low gravity mechanics."
,Recommended,261640,12497179,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,GREED,"This is a game that I hold very dear to my heart so early after the launch. But let me set things straight first. This game is definitely not for everyone. If you can't stand repetition or re-skinned enemies or similar levels in a game then maybe look somewhere else but chances are if you are here you are interested in this style of game, which still has a few of the broblems from the first games in the series.  Ok now that that is done, I can enjoy telling you about how amazing this game is. I absolutely loved borderlands 1, and when 2 came out I was extremely excited. I played that game a ton, and for me it never got old. One thing that I can already say is that if you enjoyed borderlands 1 and 2 you will definitely have no regrets about buying this game, since it is pretty much the same thing. A lot of people say that this is a bad thing, but to many fans of the series it is definitely not. As soon as you start the game you are immersed in this world that you get pulled into, much the same as the other games. The new features such as double jumping, low gravity and BUTT STOMPS are pretty damn cool and after playing with them for a while they become part of your play style and add even more to the experience. If you are still not sure about buying this game, then go buy borderlands 2 for much, much cheaper and play it with some friends. If you enjoy that enough that you think you would want to play some more of the same style of game, then Borderlands: the pre-sequel is a game for you."
,Recommended,261640,12502982,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,TASTEFUL SIDEBOOB [HOH],You can twerk people to death and everyone's Australian.10/10.
76561198043212944,Not Recommended,261640,12702180,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rakuanfal,"Summary: Fun with friends, good graphics, fun art style, interesting guns, maps, and characters.Horrible quests/missions, too much ""unlock this for me i can't do it"", too much backtracking, too much map navigation for meaningless objectives, drawn out gameplay, no memorable bosses, dry and tedious NPCs, lots of fetch quests, boring humor, too time consuming for simple tasks.I have always been a Borderlands fan, but this game was disappointing. I enjoyed the map desgins but most of it felt clunky and repedative as I found myself backtracking 95% of the time. Not to mention the fact that the majority of the areas do not have fast travel so you have to run through WAVES of enemies, reach you objective, only to be told that you have to run back or go to another meaningless objective, only to find out that the enemies you literally just spent 15minutes killing, have respawned. The bosses and characters are just plan boring, I spent more time trying to ignore the overly annoying characters and bosses.If you were looking for good bosses with loot, then you're going to be disappointed. I played solo, and the bosses were just insanely difficult. (yes I was the recommended level for the boss fight) Someitmes during the boss fight I would ask myself, ""Why am I fighting this boss? What is the point of this boss?"" Not to mention they are bullet sponges, horrible bullet sponges with endlessly spawning enemies. I ended up deciding to call boss fights, ""Endless waves of low levels with 1 overpowered high level"". For example, at level 26 you end up fighting a flying boss similar to the BUNK-3R from BL2, but you are encountered with 8x the enemies on the battle grounds with almost no cover. Not to mention their is no timer between mob kills. You kill the dude shooting at you, aaaand he instantly respawns, while fighting a boss that takes 75% of your ammo to kill it."
76561198092386725,Not Recommended,261640,12869704,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Derek,"It is to bad that they let the ""B"" team create this.  Game is full of bugs (how did this get out of beta).  Loot sinking through the floor.  the O2 system..... well lets say that it is mainly annoying.  Missions that keep you backtracking.  Really long and boring story mission.  Constantly getting stuck in walls and traped between the chests and walls.I usually enjoy the borderlands games.  This one is very annoying.  There is still a bug that causese the game to crash.  Really annoying when the story missions are so long.  I have had to replay the first half of a long story mission 3 times so far because of the crash (The company things it is a problem with video cards....)"
,Not Recommended,261640,28190830,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Patriot,"As much as I like the Borderlands series, I just could not get into this. It just seems inferior to Borderlands 2, and feels slower as well.Edit: I'll be giving this game another chance"
,Not Recommended,261640,22824106,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Not worth the cost, it's just boarderlands 2 re-branded with far far less content."
,Not Recommended,261640,12884271,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SolidSamFisher,"Pros:Fun new classesLazersMildly intriguing storyCons:Super unbalancedBecause of introduction of O2 being a drop, severly reduces health, ammo, and money drops.Boring"
76561198097140603,Not Recommended,261640,13175066,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hilary Briss.,"OK.Same engine as Borderlands 2 so you can tweak the game to make it look even better. There are New guns and combat mechanics, which are a novelty at best; lasers, double jump, butt stomping. Looks great, sounds good, if not being buggy. The Pc and npc's are very good shame the game tanks so hard. The season pass is not worth it either. Best class was for Me CL4P-TP.That is where the good points end!Gravity jumping Weeee. only to be shot when 3 miles in the air. killed fall back down, then attempt to get a 2nd wind.Then we have flying loot due to anti gravity. When loot is this rare you do not want it flying off in to the Cosmos or Lava flows. Grinder was a way to deal with the weak loot system.This instalment of the franchise, even took the shine off Borderlands 2 for several weeks. Which gave me time for quiet reflection. After many hours of reflecting, realised this was a whole lot of Tosh. 2K Purely just cashed in on the good name that was Borderlands 2. This game is pitiful in the ways you'd not expect it to be.You'll die a lot more, mostly due to falling into space or lava or glitches in the level.Never has one been promised so much, only to not have it delivered. Shock horror. ""Sell the Sizzle not the Sausage"" business model was used here.To sum up; if you have never played any Borderlands games do yourself a ""Solid"" Buy Borderlands 2 it is better in every way. Afterall you are Worth it!Pre-ordering off 2K / Gearbox is now over for me."
,Not Recommended,261640,13263278,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fissie,"Do not buy this game now. The story and gameplay? Pretty good. Except there's so many things that make the whole game just bad and not worth $60. Most of the maps are either huge and empty moon terrain with a couple craters along the way, OR a Hyperion/Dahl base. You can fall through the map if you try hard enough (it's not very hard) and there are glitches everywhere. Then there's the vehicles. You literally cannot use them as of now, as when you get into one, you lose a good deal of your skills due to a bug. Almost 2 months after release and it's still not fixed. There's another glitch that is triggered once in a while when you get frozen by cryo weapons. Sometimes you will be slowed down permanently, even after the debuff ends, until you save & quit. Same for this one, 2 months after release and it's still there. Then there's the dialogue. Characters keep cutting themselves over and over. And don't even get me started on the end game, this is the #1 issue right now. 80% of all bosses don't respawn. Yes, even the ones with set loot like a legendary weapon. You basically need to use the grinder to get the legendaries you want. It's a looter shooter game in which you cannot farm for loot. How ♥♥♥♥ed up is that? Ah yes, and when one of the rare bosses that is farmable is too easy to kill for the amount of loot they give, the devs decide to nerf their lootpool, what the ♥♥♥♥? Then there's the ONLY raid boss in the game (Borderlands 2 had 2 raid bosses without DLC), who's basically the final boss with more health. There's no way to be lazier than this. Coming up next, the DLC. There's only 4 DLC's coming, all included in the season pass. I bought the season pass myself before knowing that there would only be 1 Campaign, 2 new characters and 1 level cap. This is nothing, and definitely not worth 30 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars. In conclusion, do not buy this game unless it's like 10 bucks or less, that's my advice. This game even taught me a lesson to never preorder games before reviews are out for the game. Borderlands 2 was not a perfect game but my 550+ hours on it made this purchase feel safe. ♥♥♥♥ me, I wasted 90 bucks on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit 1/27/2015: Skills bug with cars has been fixed, and they announced that all bosses will be respawnable in a month or two, but a bunch of issues are still in the game so I still wouldn't recommend buying this game yet."
,Not Recommended,261640,12851159,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,thecrystalskull,"I wanted to like this game, and to a large degree, I do.Broadly, it's an entertaining bit of story, has some fun circumstances and the solid gunplay we've come to expect from the series. Given the time for development I wasn't expecting as drastic a change as from the first to second Borderlands. The new gameplay mechanics help to freshen the experience. Exploring the cracked moon of Elpis yields some amazing vistas.However, after scratching the surface of The Pre-Sequel, it's the details are what get to me.My main beef is treatment of gravity, effects of guns in low-G and the abosolute disregard for being in the vacuum of space. It may as well have been set under water for all that the oxygen kit element adds. While the antagonists get to fly around jet-pack styles the player does not, being limited to some Super Mario double-jump/butt smash shenanigans while trying to integrate anti-asphyxiation into combat tactics. I'll not get into the rediculousness of running around suitless on a moon with so minor of consequences as presented.The story could use a bit more meat in some areas and lot less parade of cameos in others.Fetch quests are a difficult thing to get right, and this game failed, as far as I'm concerned. Too many, too frequent and in such a compact place as Elpis was made to be.I find it difficult to recommend this game, at least at AAA pricing."
,Recommended,261640,13344068,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sami211,Lazer guns…space…new characters..such fun.
,Recommended,261640,14549925,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Bacon Overlord®,"This game actually takes place between the first and second game, hence the made-up title of it being the pre-sequel (1.5)The ability to see how Handsome Jack actually become a villain is an interesting and fulfilling story.  The ending, of course, ties up so many loose ends that it is nothing short of spectacular.  Being able to identify with the  villains is an interesting turn of events for this installment in the series.  It, however, maintains the lootsplosion drops of the first and second games.It's a great story and a terrific game.  The only annoying thing about the game is the air requirement (since you're on the moon).  Finding the right set of gear can really make this more bearable, however."
76561198084321628,Recommended,261640,12783944,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,mike7159,True borderlands fan.
,Recommended,261640,29889400,Posted: 12 February,all,Vn0m,"love it, very bouncy and hard to get used to but once you do it's lovely"
,Recommended,261640,30403698,Posted: 8 March,all,Possibly ZazZ,"I'll just make this review quick.Story is dry, not very appealing.Quests can be a bit tedious at times.Game is a bit slow off the bat.Gameplay is nice, the laser weapons are definitely fun.Bouncyness of the moon can get a bit annoying, but once you learn how to treat your double jump as extra mobility you soon get used to it.The characters talk more often and have a bit more depth than the more or less silent protaganists in the previous games who occasionally remark about critical kills or their action skills.Cryo seems like an acceptable replacement to slag, and I like its function, it can feel a little overpowered at times though.If you're a fan of the other games, this one does absolutely no justice, its story is lackluster besides the fact you're teetering between being the bad guy and the good guy.Play as Nisha if you want to just plow through the game without really thinking or have someone with no experience to the other games, her skill is just an aimbot with increased damage, and is generally very lax to play as.Wilhelm is there for the sake of filling in the backstory of a bossfight that wasn't really that hard in Borderlands 2, and just fits the support class with the obigatory turrets, good for mobbing.Claptrap is the support basically, if you're not healing the team, you're living by the skin of your teeth with the fragtrap tree, or constantly switching weapons ""cuz subroutines r fun.""Athena is the melee character, and generally good all around I'd say.Jack (The doppleganger) is meant to buff himself based upon the misfortune of others or yet again switching weapons over and over.Au-Ar-The ice woman, sniper based gameplay, and almost entirely based around the concept of constantly debuffing your enemies, sniping them, and incorporating cryo in to pretty much everything you do, has an entire tree dedicated to co-op if you're into that.Huh, this review wasn't exactly short, now that I think about it.I say its good, story is about as indepth as a puddle, but the gameplay is very nice, playing with a friend is heavily recommended as some skills entirely depend on co-op or just have one because friends are nice.Get it on sale, and try and tell yourself that most of the story isn't canon."
,Recommended,261640,17952096,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Communist Crayon,This is a better game than BL2.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Not
76561198060549912,Not Recommended,261640,29570716,Posted: 29 January,all,Wasp_,"Super short compared to Bl2 and has overpriced dlc from what its worth, also some legendaries ARE NOT FARMABLE. The oxygen system and low gravity is cool but later it feels like a innocence. Buy Bl2 its much better"
76561198001783903,Recommended,261640,15904976,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Borderlands Badass {D€D},Pro's......you can play as Claptrap!Con's......you can play as Claptrap!Overall......you can play as Claptrap!
76561198110552303,Recommended,261640,17382523,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Omen407,Hilariously awesome
76561198106296922,Not Recommended,261640,30628711,Posted: 19 March,all,HappyStopSign,"OH MAN!!! I got about 1 hour of gameplay, for only $1.34. Insane right, Chuck E Cheese is about $20 a hours, 11/10 would buy again"
76561198091638352,Recommended,261640,30599407,Posted: 18 March,all,Jotaro McCree,"Very good game but the only issues is there are ALOT of plotholes that would have been said in borderlands 2 if this is cannon also it seems all the australian people on pandora where banish to the moon, its still a really good game and i live the air bhoosting it makes travel easyer and ground pounds add a new way of combat and lasor guns are really cool they are like shotgun rifles is a good way to put it. But the heads the vault hunters get are pretty ugly you only see people where the same ones everyone else does, the claptrap dlc is the only really true dlc and i dont like the fact that everyone who is not athena is not in cutscenes. And the whole zarpadon wanting to blow up the moon to save the people by killing them really did not make sence to me. but over all its a really good game id say buy it on sale"
,Recommended,261640,30576061,Posted: 17 March,all,zombie bones,YES
76561198027435960,Recommended,261640,14630353,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rowdy Cloudy,"Really great game for non over-opinionated Borderlands fans. Meaning your going to do a lot of the same stuff with the same engine as 2, but with different characters. I thought the skill trees were more interesting this time around. The humor isn't constant like in 2, but it will get you when you least expect it. A lot of fans can't appreciate the game seeing as it has many similarities to the second game, but when you judge it without comparing it is excellent.Moon jumps are cool. weeeeeeepewpewpewweeeeeeeepewpewweeeeee.Geared more towards Looters... (I actually like the guns I'm using)...and less towards farmers. (I'm going to work hard and get a gun I'll never give up)sooooooo in conclusion. As casual as the first game with a unique charm that is familiar to veteran players. It is fun for players who don't expect great strides with every installment i.e. Megaman is fun no matter which one is your playing."
,Recommended,261640,12933318,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ManBearPig,"While Borderlands is one of my favorite series of all time, it pains me to see the direction it is going. After the release of DLC in Borderlands 2, i feared what this game would bring. The gameplay is quite fun and feels like a Borderlands, but it does not come close the the amount of fun as BL1 or 2. The new OZ kits are a fun addition and add a layer of vertical gameplay to the game. The OZ kits are a good change and make the game funner overall, and are not annoying as people would think, I almost never though about my OZ level.Unfortunately this is where things take a turn for the worse. The voice acting is subpar and does not have much variety. The story is not very good, it is predictable and not very original. The game is also heavily multiplayer dependant, playing solo is possible but it is nowhere near as fun as coop. And the biggest dissapointment of all was the negligable amount of end game content compared to the others. Only a select few 'raid' bosses to choose from who have almost no loot. About 80% of the bosses are not farmable or are one time kills. To farm you have to back up your save, kill them, and either ALT F4 or overwrite the save. Borderlands is farming, Borderlands is loot, and Borderlands is getting gear, unfortunately this game is missing some of these key points. We will see what DLC brings us.Pros:- Decently long and interesting story- Massive variety of guns- Very fun gameplay solo or coop- Looting and farming will keep you busyCons:- Most bosses do not respawn meaning you can't easily farm them- Bland and somewhat uninteresting charactersVisuals: 7.5/10Audio: 7/10Cutscenes 5/10Gameplay: 8/10Story: 6/10Multiplayer: 4/5Solo: 3/5Replayability: 3/5Solo: 7/10Co-op/Multiplayer: 9/10Balance: N/AOverall Score: 73/100"
,Recommended,261640,14134697,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,MADbeatBos5,"Shooting: The shooting feels solid, you feel like your in control but at the same time your almost wary incase you run out of ammo, miss etc.Character Progression: Each character (including the dlc characters e.g. Jack) has a very strong and unique variety of skill trees, that can be anything from upgrading the charcters super, to making the character have different visual feature (Wilhelm)Characters: The characters that you can chose to play as are all unique and even though some do have big flaws (Claptrap and his super) they are all fun to play in their own right. Most of the characters in the story are great aditions (Jack is a great main character), even though some less important characters do get a bit irritating when they repeat things over and over.Story:*SPOILERS* The story is one of the high moments in this game, being able to see Handsome Jack go from being a all-round good hero to slowly being manipulated and changed into becoming an evil maniac, it makes a good piece of storytelling *SPOILERS OVER* It is also good to have some more background info on characters such as Roland, Lilith, Moxxi etc, however some characters do get underused/overused and this is upsetting as 2K do have a great universe full of good characters.The Open World: The world inside the game is a vast expanse of land with lots of different places to visit. The open world is full of side mission... and although some can be boring, many are funny and enjoyable.The Mechanis: One of the biggest additions in this game is the addition of Ox Kits, and the Jetpack/Oxygen movement. The mechanic gives you the ability to double jump/jet pack and ground slam in return for using some of your oxygen, you can easily refill your oxygen but it makes for a good movement system that feels weighty while being very mobile. Sometimes, however you may be stuck with a way to get oxygen e.g. when your exploring and this can be very limiting and irritating.The Main issue: The main problem with this game is how similar it is to Borderlands 2, the graphics are identical, some of the guns are identical, some of the characters are identical (which can be excused if used for the story). This almost gives the impression that 2K didnt want to take too much of a leap into new territory in this game.Overall-Pros:--Great storyline for handsome Jack.-Good addition of new oxygen mechanics.-Good characters with great skill trees.-Fantastic open world to explore.Cons:-- Weak story for some characters- New mechanic can be a little restricting- Very, very similar in terms of graphics, guns and characters.Personally, this is a good game for veteran Borderlands fans and new players, it feels very fresh thanks to the new mechanics, however some fans may be upset with its lack of new content, so id say to make sure to play all of the Borderlands 2 dlc (Its all good) before buying this if they want a fuller experience."
,Not Recommended,261640,14508888,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"Well, this is going to be a short review.I currently have 3.5 Hours of game play in this game. All of it is the game attempting to complete a download.This followed steam being unable to set up the initial start up files for about 3 hours.So, I have no idea if this game is good or not. Borderlands 2 is a great game, and this appears to be a glorified DLC for it, so I assume it's pretty good. However, I can't recommend this game.I may redo this review if the game ever finishes loading. But probably not."
,Recommended,261640,14332155,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Nhaselton,DIS GAM IS FUN! BUI IT
76561198071611041,Recommended,261640,13040042,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cyrus™,Sick
,Recommended,261640,13173047,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,sjorn,"Fun story, doesn't have the same replayability as the second one but a lot of people are holding out for that to change in DLC and/or patches. I, personally, am not holding my breath, but will likely play the DLC just for love of the franchise and not wanting to miss any of the story."
,Recommended,261640,13184642,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Holy Driver,"Doesn't live up quite to the experience I've had with BL2, but definitely highly entertaining, and the backstory for some of the characters is pretty well done. I'd mark up the lesser experience mostly to the fact that areas seem quite repetitive, traveling all over the map there's not much variance in your surroundings, it all kinda looks the same. Other than that it's everything you'd expect in a borderlands title, and the low gravity and ground pounds have a huge effect on your fighting style which gives a nice fresh feeling to it."
,Recommended,261640,12769870,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ratherbeshooting,"So, I'd like to first state that this is definitely an excellent game, and well worth playing. Any fan of the Borderlands franchise will likely enjoy this, and I plan to continue playing the heck out of it.Is it as good as Borderlands 2?  No.  As a friend put it, ""It feels like B2 DLC that was made into a full game.""A few of the things I've noticed that, to me, made it feel less engaging than B2:* Less new engaging characters.  While there were definitely some fun characters in the game, most of them just felt like...quest / joke dispensers.  The main standout characters were holdovers from previous Borderlands games.  To use two examples, Janey and Pickle, while entertaining and likeable, just felt a bit flat when you compare them to say, Mr. Torgue and Tiny Tina (yes yes, not everyone liked her.  But she was definitely memorable).* Less diversity in environments.  This is of course, difficult.  It's a moon and a space station, so of course it's hard to work within those constraints.  But when you compare it to the huge amount of environments found in B2, most of the areas found within the game just seemed to well...blend together.  You can choose between Rocky Craters #1, Rocky Craters #2- With Lava!; etc.* Who is your primary antagonist?  Let's look at B2- right from the get-go, you are introduced to Handsome Jack, who establishes himself as a charismatic, engaging villain that is present throughout the entire game, taunting you and making you really want to take him down.  When you finally defeat him in the final battle, you feel that satisfaction of bringing down the Big Bad that has been present throughout the game.  In Pre-Sequel, well...without trying to give anything away, let's just say that you don't have that main antagonist you're chasing throughout the game.  You're going after this, then you're going after that, finally you go after a final boss that you never even heard about before!  Admittedly, Handsome Jack is very hard to top as an antagonist- but Pre-Sequel just feels like you don't even have that primary antagonist to chase.* It feels...short.  Of course, this is just opinion and may vary player to player.  But for me, after finishing (and I've done allll the sidequests), I just had this sense of...is that it?  Borderlands 2 left me wanting more because it was so well done.  Pre-sequel left me wanting more because I felt like there wasn't enough.* Bugs!  This you should take with a grain of salt.  As someone that works in the video game industry, I am very aware of the fact that any new launch is going to come with several bugs.  I'm going to mostly hold my opinion in abeyance for this until I see what gets fixed.  Just be aware that there are a good number of bugs currently in the game, some bad, some...very interesting.  Last night I somehow managed to have a shield start regenerating at ridiculous amounts, which then let me solo the raid boss....I'll state again- this definitely is a fun, engaging game, and I plan to keep playing it.  They definitely made a lot of fun additions to it- jump / buttslam, new commentary on additional playthroughs; etc.  I definitely recommend this game for all fans of the Borderlands franchise.  Just don't expect it to be as good as B2."
,Recommended,261640,12868430,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Chiibadog,The first time through feels short for a Borderlands game. The second time is a little more difficult. Hopefully the upcoming DLC has tons of content. It's a seven out of ten.
,Recommended,261640,12943781,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,highmodulus,"More Borderlands fun, but in space.  With Space Aussies."
76561198021535028,Not Recommended,261640,14998619,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SmityJagerMan,"If you're a fan of borderlands save yourself some disappointment and get Borderlands 2 GOTY instead. I had to force myself to finish this game.There are plenty of little details I could pick apart about this game but my biggest issue is that it just DOESN'T. FEEL. LIKE. BORDERLANDS. It's practically little kid-ified, there is no end game, no raid bosses, the quest are long with little to no action, and the humor is just plain bad.For 60$? 4/10For like 20$ 7/10"
76561198029587390,Not Recommended,261640,14301545,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,IamYourFatherer,Feels like an expensive DLC.
76561197979899837,Recommended,261640,13623121,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stevem,Fragtrap makes this game worth any amount of money.
,Recommended,261640,15401356,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,QwertyAsdf,"Hell, I like it"
,Recommended,261640,12922807,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DANK MEME'S!!!!!,ITS AWESOOOOOOOOOM MMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEE LOL
,Recommended,261640,29893270,Posted: 12 February,all,snep(機械),*boots up game*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fuf-Eh4720Y1 0 p i c k l e c h i p s / 1 0 p i c k l e c h i p s
,Recommended,261640,13434806,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,sur_buh,"Wanted to play some more Borderlands, and set expectations low.Was absolutely surprised at how long it took to complete the first playthrough. It's definitely a full game.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,261640,12870561,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ayy lmao,Great game I love it. It might have some things like Borderlands 2 but its still really cool new charaters and guns and shields  and even more! So you love Borderlands games I would get this!
76561198120292478,Not Recommended,261640,14494443,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Triggered.exe,"Boderlands 2 is still better. It is a good attempt, but not worth the money or time."
76561198075588202,Recommended,261640,12948133,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,em4n3m,"The game is moderately fun and there are many weapons. Is not like Q3A or Q2, but for a first timer ""borderlander"" is quite ok. I guess I agree with 76/100 as representatove average vote.Btw, I'm playing on Linux (all max settings) and the game runs 60 FPS rock solid apart literally one ""corridor"" or two."
76561198250226824,Recommended,261640,29849498,Posted: 11 February,all,CherryTree230,"I love Borderlands 2, it's my go to game when i'm looking for something to do. This game is not the best not gonna lie, the humor usually falls flat, the storyline feels rushed and boring, and Claptrap still exists. That being said, it is more Borderlands and I can enjoy the game if i play with friends. It sure as hell isn't worth the $40 they're trying to sell it for, though, buy it on sale and get some people to play with."
76561198080867147,Recommended,261640,13031789,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jaybin,"I have to admit before we go any further. I am a total Borderlands fanboy. I love the fast paced shooter action mixed with various rpg mechanics. I love the characters, the ham-fisted writing, the cheesy jokes and the insane, over-the-top murderthons. In fact, if it would have me, I'd bring it home and we'd make a very happy life together.Sure, it makes me defend it against angry admirers, pushes me to replace ALL of my♥♥♥♥♥♥and continually forces me to prove my love by finding 4 red roses with 1 white petal, but damn it! BL is sexy and fun when it wants to be.Any time I start to look elsewhere, BL reminds me, it has the biggest explosions I'll find. How does a guy expect anything more than that?But everyone knows what happens if you try to have a deeper conversation with BL. It gets a vacant look in the eyes and begins telling fart jokes. That's when the infatuation begins to falter. I begin to see BL as just a game and not a sexy, endless pool of fun and potential.And so, here we are. A fair amount of time has passed, the honeymoon phase is just a distant memory and now we are stuck with each other. And that's always when the little ""surprises"" happen, right? A little oops, and we have a Pre-Sequel arrive.So now, I am forced to ask; Does the pre-sequel have anything new to add to our lives or is it the thing we'll keep locked away, only bringing it up when it breaks out and starts smashing things in a mad fit of rage and tears?Yes. It takes place on Elpis, Pandora's moon. The moon is approximately 82% less white trash, and 30% more fun; Yes, these figures are related. You get the typical high jump, low gravity fun you'd expect from Borderlands in space and the maps are far better sized which helps avoid playing ""hunt the waypoint""; a favorite of the second Borderlands.Even so, the broken waypoint system does make an unwelcome appearance, like a dead goldfish you thought was flushed two weeks ago only to appear, bobbing in the tank when your date arrives.  Thanks to better map design, I found myself getting lost much less frequently despite the waypoint pointing me straight into a mountain not yet shown on my map. A quest marker similar to Skyrim or Dead Space would've been the best possible upgrade to the series. As it is now, even licking my finger and holding it up in the wind would've been better.Cryo lasers are one of the new gun types added and ....surprise, surprise, they turned out to be a lot of fun. These weapons turned raging♥♥♥♥♥hats into floating ice-trays in a matter of seconds. The other lasers came in a fire and electric flavor but were less impressive. What wouldn't be after firing an ice-maker at someone?Jack is the most entertaining and interesting guy in the room while the original vault hunters are gigantic, monument-sized♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just like in Borderlands 2. The two best characters in Borderlands were Jack and Claptrap and even Captain Obvious would've figured out it was a smart move to add a whole lot more of both personalities.Fun weapons are still plenty, such as homing grenades that stick themselves up baddie asses before detonating and a gun that cusses more than Marshall Mathers during a shootout. While the quests still make up of 1/2 fun-filled explosion fest shootouts and 1/2 hunts for the last living dodo bird.The biggest feature added however, is the Grinder. It works by taking 3 items of the same rarity level and grinding them into 1 item of the next rarity. It's an excellent way of getting a lot of rare purple gear, especially on the first playthrough when purple rares are as common as vodka in a pre-school.It's a great idea, but the grinder has a severe case of ADD. If you hesitate for even 2 milliseconds, it will start barking ""Did you fall asleep, soldier?"" or ""Are you still there, soldier?"". It's so grating and obnoxious, it felt like having a nagging wife next to me, reminding me to take out the trash, even as I had a bag of garbage in my hand. I stopped using the grinder near the end of the game because I already have enough nagging me..... like my need to shoot something every 15 seconds.A few other flaws popped up as I shot my way through the experience. Enemies occasionally forgot that all of their buddies were just horribly murdered by a gun-wielding psychopathic Claptrap. Apparently, all the fighting gave them a severe case of PTSD because they had total amnesia.The loot also had issues because it often tried to kill itself rather than be put into the grinder by jumping through bridges, cliff edges and the ground itself as soon as it popped free of a bad guy's hands.The story missions are standard fare but tended to be fun rather than repetitious. However, there's one section of the story missions when my ears begged to be put out of their misery. You meet Pickle, who apparently wants to start a kindergarten war with some other screaming, pre-pubescent headache of a character or something. To be honest, I had to turn the volume off before a bullet to the brain did, so I'm not exactly sure what the little twerp wanted. It's just always concerning to see a beloved series try to kill itself mid-game as you stand at the building's foundation, begging it to remember the love we had for each other.My 13 year-old inner boy ( my real self ) was gleefully laughing at an ammunition magazine sporting a giant bullet-bone on the front of green vending machines and I was thinking ""Thank God they added a little class; I thought we left it all on Pandora.""Ultimately, even though the game is a little shorter than the second Borderlands, it makes up for it in spirit, fun and new additions.And you get to explore Moxxi's back door.This review and others posted atcensordodge.com"
,Recommended,261640,15041470,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ZoomerX,"Hunting vaults with lasers in zero gravity?  Sure, I'm in."
,Recommended,261640,14473143,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Nonbinary Polyamorous Wolfling,"its fun but feels like a minigame. nowhere NEAR borderlands 2 level of story, characters, content, map etc"
76561198018573592,Recommended,261640,22885093,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,fluffyamusic,borderlands 2 was better
76561198040651253,Recommended,261640,25485193,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,okedoke,Loving the Aussie accents!
,Recommended,261640,15028937,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Gunslinger VIIVI,I always go back to playing Borderlands 2.It's just better.
76561198091784383,Recommended,261640,15057689,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,GGF futabu,from 59 to gay this game is definitely a 10000
,Not Recommended,261640,19311268,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MYSCHUFF,This game is horrible. It's like trying to play in thick syrup. the toons move so slowly it's going to break my controler because nomatter how unreasonable it is you push harder the more importiant that you move quick. This game puts a magafyer on that flaw. I've played for 2hr and my hands already ache from trying to make the toon move at a reasonable speed. It shouldn't take you 10 min to turn 180 while looking though a scope. If it did snipers would SUCK. OMG this game sucks. I hope it's got a mod that allows you to play in a normal enviroment and not in slow motion. Notice the mobs move freely and quickly but they limit the toons like your wearing full battle fatigues and fighting under water.I own all the other Borderlands games and my lowest copletion was 77% 100% on Boarderlands 1 I enjoied the forst two and played them right through dispite the games issues. Noting was game breaker. This game is broken from the start with this limit to motion.
76561198064276898,Recommended,261640,13791862,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Shyest Guy,WELCOME TO ROBOT PUNCH CITY POPULATION: EVERYONE'S FACES
,Recommended,261640,16329730,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,feasega,2 is better
,Recommended,261640,13085468,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Joowaba,"I like da game  because it has claptrap,jack, and a giant floating billabong echoing with the prayers of an ancient people.10/0 IGN"
,Recommended,261640,20607843,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kill this guy >>>,Feel harder than 1&2. But fun as always
,Recommended,261640,13278695,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[AnL] BaldSexy,I must have had 7 orgasams before the first hour of gameplay was over.   Big huge♥♥♥♥♥♥from this guy.
,Recommended,261640,25257716,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,odyeiop,"Just like the previous Borderlands games we have come to love and adore. Same quirky humour, plethora of weapons, and Moxxi.Except now it's on the Moon [much float].And Jack is a fun loving guy [very friend].Also, you can finally play as a Claptrap [so wubwubwub].A great game if you love the series [wow]."
76561198011947195,Recommended,261640,28143407,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The Hound,Not as good as BL1 or 2 but still fun.If you loved the first two you will probably enjoy this one.
,Recommended,261640,16375161,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dannbaws,Highly addictive and great story!
,Recommended,261640,13097996,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Riot.x,Butt Slam all day.
,Recommended,261640,13113352,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Bruno,very good game i defo recommend thats all im saying
,Recommended,261640,13099950,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,bissellin,My favorite Borderlands game so far
76561198059352048,Recommended,261640,13101231,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Neo,i love this gameBeacause:low gravitylaser gunsfreeze gunsbutt slamnew vehiclesand many morei really recommend this game especially after you have played borderlands 2.i have not noticed any serious bugs only a couple of small ones.IT'S AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,261640,13107330,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Crzy,"Great game. Loads of easter eggs and references to Australian culture. Story line is a bit too short and there is not enough side quests, so I am assuming the DLCs will be quite large and have good content. All in all its a fun game to play by yourself or make it better with some friends for a few laughs."
,Recommended,261640,13103426,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[Nes Pas ?] PeteMul,"Good, but that's all. Good but disappointing.BL2 was awesome, and for sure we can't have the same thrill with this game, being already ""spoiled"" in some way. But my, buying this full price was a mistake. Wait for a decent discount, unless you are really in need and have finished all the add-ons for BL2 already.There is a lot of good ideas in this game, but also a couple of bad ones, and a lot of ""meh"". And bugs. Invisible steps that stops you in the middle of a run, ennemies popping from nowhere, and so. Disappointing loot, but nice new weapons properties and class. Great storytelling, but poor story. Great characters with nice new skills and personnalized acting and punchlines, but only one of them showing in cinematics (WTF ? Half of the job done ?) And RIDICULOUSLY SMALL WORLD MAP. And still that SAME LAME MENU INTERFACE with your character hiding your inventory on the right of the screen, and your mouse being so inaccurate.Still i had fun with this game, but far from my expectations.Since you are supposed to know of Pandora's events before getting all the spice of The Pre-Sequel, here is my advice :Buy all of the BL2 additionnal contents first, then this game at discount."
,Recommended,261640,13100891,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kagekiri,"Amazing game to compliment the previous installment. While there could have been an advancement in game mechanics (ie. gameplay is a little too similar to Borderlands 2), the story was amazing! Can't wait for the DLCs and I definitely recommend this game to others!Let's save that moon!"
76561198061243714,Recommended,261640,17240134,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,i have unlimited data on my psp,boredoflands the interquelits like minecraft without any memesmy mom said it was too violent to play anyways
76561198098073978,Recommended,261640,13699900,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Geoffrey ValDovahBear,"Despite the relatively short gameplay and repetitions from the first two games, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel still makes for a kickass game. Great plot, lasers, and it's in space. I'd say it's worth the money.-9/10"
76561198041467646,Recommended,261640,12514966,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,impledob,"its fun to play but apparently my copy is broken, no weapons show up in my back pack so im still stuck with the first 2 guns at level 11. and yes i have re installed it, yes i have verified the integrity of the game about 5 times now and yes i have tried it on 3 other computers and 2 other charactorsUPDATE: Im just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I had it selected to show only a specific weapon type and just solved it by pressing one of the bumpers on an xbox controller to show all."
,Recommended,261640,32068149,Posted: 30 May,all,Killian,If you played borderlands two this is an interesting change of pace but a good one. If you have never played a game from the borderlands series you need to go ahead and shoot yourself scav. comedy at every corner and plenty of vault hunter violence to enjoy
76561198096895609,Not Recommended,261640,25479186,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,CrackerJackZee,"I bought this at $3 and still can't recommend this. Too many cons compared to pros, and i wrote these while not comparing this game with everyone's beloved Borderlands 2. so, here we go:CONS:- story's super boring, characters development is weak, hard to care for them.- the world is small and every area has the same look- imagine in such world, you gotta do super long story mission that tells you to go from point A-Z, all in   same area, it gets boring super fast, AND if you quit ( which i did ), you have to start the mission all over again (loots and exp carried ofc, but still)- the jokes are forced- also it's a Spacejump Simulator game- i've already reached a point where i feel defeating this game is a chore, not for fun or story anymore, so i won't get the DLCs.PRO:- game runs well, and the mechanics of Borderlands game you love are all here, fun shooting gameplay, returning characters, Torque screaming, cool skills but not BD2 cool.- toilets full of loots also return"
76561198081654141,Recommended,261640,31616496,Posted: 7 May,all,Мидориман,"Не стоит этот пресиквел своих денег, но тем не менее это как никак борда, поиграть в неё стоит еще как, но я бы советовал брать именно Borderlands 2"
76561198072359520,Recommended,261640,18179332,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Biggie Cheese,"Ill try to keep this short.Pros:-Handsome jack-fun playable characters-BUTT SLAM-NPC characters were simular to the previous gamesCons:-Pretty short (compared to borderlands 2 at least)-Story is pretty ok (although it has)-Gameplay is pretty much the sameOverall: Im only giving this a recommendation because, although it was short, it was a good fill to my craving for more gameplay (having just bought BL2 right before). Plus i love Handsome Jack and I was really glad to see he was on your side. Also this ties a bit into BL2, as it should. Buy if you want more bl2 gameplay, handsome jack, and a little bit of a tie into BL2."
,Recommended,261640,14554862,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kyoka Jiro,Game is funny just as the last game its all good but+add more weapons+please dont reskin legendaries from previous game
,Recommended,261640,24090060,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ingar,"Copped this during the summer sale for $15. I only have a couple hours of playtime at the time of this review, but imma still go ahead and say this.Like most of the other reviews, this game is crazy ♥♥♥♥ing good. TPS brings a new feel into the Borderlands franchise, they experimented a bit with this game and that gave it some ups and downsPros:- Outer-space, zero gravity- All 4 characters are great to play as (2 DLCs are decent)- Classic endless variety of weaponry.- New laser weapons- Pretty decent storyline- etcCons:- Not comparable to BL2 AT ALL. BL2 outweighs TPS for sure.- More of a half-game to keep fans pleased while the actual BL3 is being developed.- Shorter than other Borderlands- Only 1 campaign DLC (BL2 has 4)In the end, grab this if its on sale but I wouldn't go for the full $408/10"
76561198194465747,Recommended,261640,26222191,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,og maui wowie s CSGORoll.com,super fun game worth the buy
,Not Recommended,261640,30621586,Posted: 19 March,all,お早う,Get the other two. They're just...better.
76561198009713889,Recommended,261640,13764945,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Klingon,"Great game.  Lots of fun.  Story line was very good but the overall game was a little short.  Cant wait for the DLC's to come out.  If you like any of the other borderlands games you will enjoy this one.HIja', tlhIngan Hol vIjatlh jIH"
,Recommended,261640,26521434,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Unfussybonsai,"Is this game good? Yes, kind of...Is this game a good Borderlands game? No, not at all.The game is definitely not bad. In fact, it's a pretty decent game. But it doesn't have the good ol' Borderlands feeling. Really? Space? Come on! That's not what Borderlands is about!If you like Borderlands this is a pretty game to get. But only on sale.If you haven't played a Borderlands, you should just play the first or the second one."
76561198052698989,Recommended,261640,17169195,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Hussain,Few games that would make you laugh as much. Only problem is that the game is very unstable and full of bugs :(
,Recommended,261640,13235814,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dio,Memetastic
,Recommended,261640,23151276,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Your Pal Cthulhu,So. Many. Dead. Claptraps.11/10 would slaughter again
,Recommended,261640,15160980,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,PucyWasHere,"this game was...not as good as the other borderlands but i still enjoyed verry much. the fact that you can only explore for a certian ammount of time KINDA annoied me. the game itself is good, BUT not♥♥♥♥♥good as 1 or 2. STILL GET IT!"
76561198173576866,Recommended,261640,29522547,Posted: 27 January,all,UrbanBoyzz,"I like this game I really do, but because I played Borderlands 2 first I can sit here and say that you shouldn't buy this game. Yes the game is good and runs smooth, but Borderlands 2 is just better. So if you want this game don't get it, buy borderlands 2 GOTY instead. But if you have played 2 then get this and I think you will like it."
,Not Recommended,261640,12933431,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,TheKrimzonDemon©,"I've finally finished the game, and, honestly, I'm offended. I've played Borderlands for something like 4200 hours, a LOT of us played the hell out of the first two games and the DLC, we had a lot of fun, mostly farming bosses, looking for great gear and lots of loot chests. Those last things are exactly what's missing from this game. No farming, a severe lack of loot chests, and a third of the ones you find, you have to PAY to open. Legendaries? Don't make me laugh, I got exactly ONE drop. EVERY other orange level weapon was from a VENDING MACHINE, except one that came from a mission. I found more Legendary SKINS and HEADS than I did Leg WEAPONS AND GEAR TOTAL. Yes, story is nice to have. Yes, commentary is nice to have, but: WE PLAY FOR THE LOOT, THE EXPERIENCE OF WANTING TO DO EVERY THING IN THE GAME WE CAN, AND DO IT OVER AND OVER. This game gives me no reason to keep playing. I pre-ordered, I bought the Season Pass, because I expected a Borderlands game. I GOT something that I finished, with almost all side missions complete, in 28 levels. Really? 28? The game is horribly unbalanced, the gear all but useless, the gear I used, I had to get it from machines and from the chest in Concordia, because nothing dropped that was worth a damn. I tried, so hard, to even just LIKE the game, because I love Borderlands so damn much, but THIS, this THING you think is a game, is nothing more than glorified DLC wrapped in new car smell that, like new cars, was horribly over priced, and has a crapton of problems straight from the dealership. I mean, that massively epic boss fight at the end? I got almost NO LOOT FROM IT. The Leg I ""got"", I HAD TO BUY FROM A MACHINE. I mean, wow. You have completely screwed over your fan base, and you should honestly be ashamed for what I can only call after the fact a blatant cash grab."
,Not Recommended,261640,12934219,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Emendo,Its Borderlands again.You don't need this if you already have Borderlands 2.This is just that.
,Not Recommended,261640,12939926,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TheReaperKeeper,"As a long time fan of the Borderlands series I was beyond excited to learn more about the universe, I went through the game with my girlfriend and as I went further and further into it I started wondering why this game was a full price game. Parts of the story that was revealed really did feel awesome and it made me really happy to learn more of the backstory while at the same time making me look forward to what is coming. However while the addition of Cryo and Laser weapons was very interesting to see introduced along with the whole ""being on the moon with low gravity"" aspect I still feel like this was a massive piece of downloadable content. If the game was priced lower I would have no issue with it but as it stands at full price I can't recommend it personally as a fan of the series. If you want to know the bits of story that really gets you excited then read about them online, that way you don't have to do the multiple run back and forth missions that feel like they were put in just to extend the playtime of the game."
,Not Recommended,261640,12964702,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Linklunar,"While the scaling is 200% better than Borderlands 2, the game is no where near as enjoyable as itand too many returning/similar legendaries"
76561198012628530,Not Recommended,261640,13021551,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Chenpokomon,Not impressed.
,Not Recommended,261640,13027416,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,->FFF<- Tyr,"Having played silly amounts of hours on BL1 and BL2 this latest installment is tedious at best.- Lack of varied weapons- Lack of fast travels- Not enough enemies, those that are there are weak at best.- Bugs and glitches galore- Overall it feels unfinishedOK so I have not done a second playthrough, nor will I, it was too much of an effort to force myself to do the first playthrough. You spend most of the time walking from stupid mission to stupid mission. Then there's the invisible mini walls that stop you dead in your tracks, the flat surfaces you cannot stand on, the near pointless oxygen masks and the script didn't amuse as much as expected.All in all if you like BL2 fine, you may like this... for a short time... then you'll soon be back on BL2."
,Not Recommended,261640,13047562,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Gunjack,Glorified DLC.
76561197988348855,Not Recommended,261640,13070763,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,countmedwell,Moon is very boring place compared to Pandora.Shallow characters with Australian accent and uninteresting classes to play.Very disapointed.
76561197970463533,Not Recommended,261640,13086848,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Jimbo,"I would only recommend this game at a great discount.Pros:New classes feel different enough alot more than borderlands vs borderlands 2I've enjoyed the story its a nice blend of crazy that I enjoy in gamesThe new grinder mechanic is cool.LAZERS!Cons:Everything navigation wise if absolute garbage; severly lacks checkpoints/fast travels; In borderlands 2 you could take the sidequests, go around the entire zone once and move on. Compared to constantly travelling back and forth like a dumbass in the pre-sequel making it a chore more than anything.Scaling always felt a bit odd in borderlands, but to the point where many sidequest are broken shows a new low.Unfarmable bosses/encounter; a bit more for the dedicated players but I've always enjoyed being able to go back and kill all the big names. Now most of that doesnt exist in the pre-sequel.A few coop related bugs where my friend was stuck behind a door that closed on him as soon as I passed. Because that makes sense to close a door after 1 player on a 4 player coop game...Alot of this game feels lazy making it the weaker of the borderlands so far.Hopefully they can patch most of its issues in the near future but as of now this is just a cash grab more than a game."
,Not Recommended,261640,13101389,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aaruman,Hugely unimpressed.
,Not Recommended,261640,13146191,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EchoHawk,"TL;DR If you like BL2, this is more of the same (albeit the humor is more hit-and-miss). Don't buy unless it's on sale.Honestly, I'm rather disappointed with Gearbox when it comes to BL:TPS, because much of the game feels like it's an extension/overpriced DLC for BL2.Humor/writing isn't anywhere near as good as in BL2, and no equivalent, offbeat missions/NPCs like ""The Overlooked"", C3N50R-B0T, or Face McShooty exist in TPS, despite their weak attempts at humor.Assets (particularly UI) have been heavily reused from BL2 - there have been no attempts at simplifying or otherwise reworking the inventory system for PC, so I'm still stuck having to use the arrow keys (and fiddling around with them when it decides to follow my mouse instead, even though I haven't moved it for a few seconds already).Loot doesn't feel nearly as impactful, and, in my experience so far, the laser weapons really try to split the difference between spiniguns, ARs/SMGs, and shotguns, leading me to wonder why they even bothered to add it in the first place. Also, because it uses its own special ammo, you'll find less of all the other types of ammo on average.I AM happy that this game's secondary currency, moonstones, have many more uses than eridium did in vanilla BL2. They brought over the buff relics and eridium-gated chests from the Tiny Tina DLC, and they also have a grinder which basically lets you reroll weapons or equipment for the chance to get a better weapon or equipment. In addition, E-tech weapons are pretty much gone from the game, as far as I can tell, but have been replaced with Luneshine weapons, which provide passive buffs when equipped (i.e. you're actively using the weapon/equipment; if you're not wielding the weaponat that momentyou lose the buff), but can only be obtained from moonstone chests, boss drops, or by paying moonstones at the grinder. A note of caution though: you're not guaranteed to get a luneshine weapon/equipment if you grind moonstones at the grinder, but you'll have a pretty good chance of getting one.However, I'm not happy that the grinder can be picky at times about what it will and won't grind. I've had several instances where I had blue or purple rarity weapons that I wanted to grind together, but it would not accept it - which would be understandable if they weren't all the same weapon type - but figuring out what it will or won't grind, as well as the potential results, is a frustrating task. For example, I once put 3 green-rarity frost pistols through it - and therefore expected another blue-rarity frost pistol as the result - but instead got a green-rarity flame pistol.So, final recommendation is this: if you liked BL2, wait until it goes on sale. Otherwise, don't bother picking it up."
,Not Recommended,261640,13152859,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Daedalys,"I absolutely did not think that this was worth the launch cost. Buying this game for $60 was a mistake I will never forget, as of now the game is kind of just an overpriced DLC for Borderlands 2 and I completed the game with one character (Athena) and fully finished it (side quests etc.) in only 9 hours. Maybe in two or three years I will come back to this game when it has alot (hopefully) of extra content to buy. Otherwise I would not recommend this."
76561198000714476,Not Recommended,261640,13176001,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Raptor,"Bought this without any reservation thinking the Pre-Sequel would be as good as Borderlands 2.....not even close.  The good parts of the game are the intro and the last 30 mins or so, other than that a lame excuse for a game.  All of the quests are fetch quests (well ok, 95% are) and the new mechanics do nothing to help with the monotony of the design.  Borderlands 2 was one legitimate gag/joke/one-liner after another and this game is seemingly totally lacking on most accounts.  I get British humor, but if this is the best Australia has to offer...you really should hire better writers.  Take some notes 2K, keep it with Gearbox next time."
,Not Recommended,261640,13220720,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,The D Man,"All I have to say is, if they had put out a demo they probably would have sold a heck of a lot less copies of this overpriced DLC. $60? Really? When there are games like AC4 FC4 and CODAW. I mean its like they took borderlands 2 and reskinned the environment to look like a moon. Zero Grav stuff is fun most of the time but can get annoying when needing to make a small jump and end up over shooting by a mile. Laser guns are just not what I would expect from a lazer gun. The dialogue is also lazily done and the animations of the characters is soemthing you would expect from a N64 game. Some of the characters are stuck looking at nothingness if you arent standing in the right position and it just looks rediculous.I would definitely pay $20 easily for this game but anything more is asking for too much. Shame on the lazyness of 2K Australia. Thanks for ripping off the fans who have supported this franchise since BL1 and would have continued to support the searies 2K. WE could have waited a little longer for a better more polished product. We deserve better and hopefully you will deliver at the next round. You are forgivin this time 2K but next time will be another story."
,Not Recommended,261640,13309936,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,EOS,let's nerf droprates
76561198027175943,Not Recommended,261640,13347382,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,omni19,I can't think of one way this is an improvement over BL2.  It just feels repetitive after playing BL2. I really tried to like it.  I thought maybe it would get fun.  maybe the jokes would get funny.  But it just felt like a chore.
,Not Recommended,261640,13371278,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,LoneWolf2056,"To be honest not a great game, played through the entire thing with a friend and it was the only thing that made it bearable. Its just more of the same from borderlands 2 (which I loved)  but worse. A bunch of samey repetitive missions with a load of bullet sponge enemies. The humour was also terrible, it just falls flat and has a bunch of terrible jokes. The few extra features they added are not worth a full release. This would have been better as a DLC or something. We also encountered quite a few bugs and terrible clipping issues in the levels, the level design itself was also just a bunch of completely forgettable  maze like levels.All in all there is nothing terrible about the game, if you want more of the same, that's what you will get, but for us it was just pure boredom."
76561198018980363,Not Recommended,261640,13374812,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Barshemgud,"If you are just getting into Borderlands play 1 and 2 with the DLCs. This is a skip, the humor is dry and there is no real drive to the questing. After 20 hours of play I still felt rather lost and without real motivation to care about the characters or the plot."
76561198083223148,Not Recommended,261640,13407975,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Gooch,Borderlands 1 and 2 are much better and way cheaper. I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,261640,13411890,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),TL:DR broken mechanics and poor map design ruin itThis is More broken than any MOD i hav ever played and thats all this feels like a modthey took BL2 and modded a bunch of stuff taht it didnt need and called it a game dont waste youe money you can totaly skip this one
76561198154657947,Not Recommended,261640,13415605,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,My bum is big,"Decent, fun the first time but no where near as good as the previous two games with farming bosses being taken out entirely and most legendary weapons not even obtainable. No replayability or post game content as of yet and patches that have been released are fixing things that don't need to be fixed. Do not buy unless you are waiting till a later date to see IF they actually fix the problems."
76561198090887328,Not Recommended,261640,13424655,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Biff,"Disappointment is all I can say. Borderlands 2 was a very good game in my opinion, I spent hours upon hours playing it. When this was annonced I was excited for more gun hoarding and funny dialouge. But, both were rather absent from this game.The guns are ALL THE SAME FROM BL2! Ever legendary except for the oz kits and the laser weapons  are the same with different names. Just listen to me, THE GAME ABOUT GUNS  HAS THE EXACT SAME GUNS FROM THE PREVIOUS GAME! (excluding laser weapons, which are not that impressive and there are only 4 legendaries of) You also CANNOT FARM 90% of the legendaries in this game! 90% of the bosses are 1 time kills and then never appear again.On the subject of story, its meh at best until you hit ""the end"", or should I say ""THE BUY BORDERLANDS 3 NOW ENDING"" The comedy I found was less common and less comical than BL2. The only decent playable character dialouge wise  was claptrap, as the rest are ""Generic badass 1, 2, & 3"" muttering there bravado lines over and over.This hurts to say, but Borderlands the Pre-Sequel recieves a 4/10 for me. It took what was good with the last game, and said, ""Okay, now do that again, but make it shorter, less funny, and minimal amounts of new guns"" It was then shoved out the door for a quick cash grab."
76561198077212620,Not Recommended,261640,13454612,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Harvey,"*SPOILER ALERT* This will be a lengthy review considering concern from the community and me as a buyer.I know some things i say in this review might be a little hateful but here us out.This game was a huge blowout and not in a good way. I have taken many hours to think what to say and finally found the right words. If you have borderlands 2 this game is not recomended by me nor many people because of recent events. First they really do mess it up by the first big patch to nerf roid rage in which angered many melee lovers. Next thing is they make the first DLC which has 2 of the same end game enemies and very few new weapons including 10 levels to go into. The levels were a good start towards retake of good buyers the diversity was horrible and the whole dome was to big to find enemies anyways UVHM was great to have though. Another mention is a saw recently that if you didn't pre-order the game you had to pay 5$ to get the Shock Drop Slaughter Pit In which i do not agree with as i believe it really made 2k australia look like a huge money hog turning into Call of duty i think it should just be free with purchase as it's very small content but in my opinion is better than the Holodome DLC. All in all this game is not worth the 60$ including DLC, as of right now people who don't have a borderlands game i recommend buying BL2 GOTY as it will have more playtime and content. Right now i'm just hoping 2K australia don't screw borderlands up as a series."
76561198067016009,Not Recommended,261640,13504240,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,poslari,Cringeworthy dialogue and jokes. No noticeable graphical improvements or changes to combat. It's BL2 with Aussie accents and weak gravity. 60e for a DLC? (though it was 25e on sale...) ♥♥♥♥ off.
76561198048008596,Not Recommended,261640,13515136,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Advocate,If you a looking for a new Borderlands experience then go play BL2 with a different character/different skill set. What you find here is what can be considered a large expansion pack for BL2 disguised as a full game. Yet if you really want a new Borderlands experience with many changes to the mechanics and gun play then go play BL1. All you will find here is a disapointingly short game that makes little forward progress in the game series. If it is the story that intrigues you then watch a youtube play through and save your money for soemthing else.
,Recommended,261640,13519877,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hellandlife,"I'm a bit skeptical on writing the review for this. I have played all the borderlands games and this, so I do have experience with the franchise. This review is mainly from my first playthrough opinion as I can't devote the hours these days.Pros:Great gameplayHero mix(both male and female)GBLT (gay bi lesbian and trans) This means that the developers appreciate not everyone is homosexual.Great humorLootMore lootLasers = pew pewStory chat dedicated to each hero, and unique responses.Cons:Not as funny as borderlands 2Story is a little lackingFeels like a borderlands 2 re-skin. Rather than a new engine.Skill tree dedicated to group play -.- I have no friends mmmkay. :'(In between:Down under accent. EVERY WHERE. I'm not sure if this is a good or bad thing really. Springs is a great, funny,down under lesbian who provides great humor. Where pickle is an annoying little rat who wants to try to use British rhymes (like apple and pears the stairs)  and be Tiny Tina.Overall:So far I am satisfied with the game. It has provided many hours of great fun. However it won't ever replace borderlands 2 in terms of story. The Vault hunters though provide some unique aspects to each walkthrough and the handsome jack DLC looks really good. Is it the best game ever? NO. Is it still fun to butt stomp people. YES :D"
,Not Recommended,261640,13554694,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BackPack,"This game feels like a really long DLC. Even though I have only put in a few hours, i am starting to regret this buy. Do not buy this game for full price and only buy it if you are a die-hard fan of the game series.Pros:- lazers- butt slamsCons:- Most of the time you are traveling (walking)  and there are no enemies for good chunks of time- Really easy... little to no challenge- Does'nt really feel like a borderlands game- $60 price tag...5.5/10"
76561198065531039,Not Recommended,261640,13037791,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Domite,"Do not buy this at full price, it is a shoddy Borderlands 2 DLC that feels short, empty and lacking.My Problems with the game:Guns:Fire weapons feel useless because most of the time you will be fighting in and out of oxygen zones meaning setting enemies on fire is hard and keeping them on fire is even harder which makes them feel far intherior to shock weapons.They removed slag and replaced it with cryo, cryo is decently fun don't get me wrong but it didn't feel like an addition so much as a lazy swap.Lazer weapons don't feel great to use personally because they lack impact and because of the way loot works, they often don't do a satisfying amount of damage either.Characters:None of thier abilities had the same amount of fun that Borderlands 2 had, they reminded me of Borderlands 1. Not terrible, just vastly intherior to Borderland 2 and a little boring and this made upgrading them in the talent tree unappealing.I will say there is some fun to be had with using and upgrading Claptrap but that ability relies heavily on luck and can be equal parts frustrating as it is fun.Areas:Anyone ever tell you how interesting and varied the moon is? No? Thats because it's not and this game does very little to change that. For most of the game you are going to be dealing with almost completely empty grey lunar landscapes broken up by grey factories with one area at the end which is vaguely interesting but nothing we have not seen a hundred times before in videogames.Loot:Feels like you get very little loot and money, plus the loot that you do get is usually sub-standard gear that won't do a decent amount of damage. It seems like in order to get a gun that will do anything but slowly tickle your enemies to death, you need to buy one. Given the severe lack of funds in this game, it can be quite annoying.Writing:The writing is hammy, cringy and has a clear adgenda. It feels like this game was written by an SJW who didn't know the meaning of subtlety.. All the good guys are suddenly gay or bisexual and feeling the need to tell you every 5 seconds which is wierd and straight people seem to only declare themselves as such if they are the badguys.Theres nothing wrong with being gay but it can be incredibly jarring when seemingly everyone wants to tell you about how totally gay they are, it shows the writers didn't write them as people but instead as 2 dimensional characters who's defining, and oddly popular, characteristic is thier sexual orientation.At one point Torgue turns up and goes full on feminist for seemingly no reason, it feels wierd, forced and incredibly cringy.Anthony Burch ruined the writing in this game by forcing his political opinions on the character and on the player.Conclusion:I played this game with my girlfriend and on several occaisions we both wanted to put this thing down and give up. After pressing through the monotony and frustration we found that the game had very little to offer gameplay wise.The game is mercifully short however for some people this may be a negative as it represents significally less value for money.At a good discount this might be worth picking up for a borderlands fan, its alright but I didnt have as much fun as I did with borderlands 2 ... Just bare in mind that you may not get more than one playthrough out of your purchase."
76561197972523602,Not Recommended,261640,13139365,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,eldrad666,"Wish there was a ""meh"" category.  The game is ok, but (and I knew what I was getting into when I bought it) it really is just a re-hash of BL2 (a game which I love and have sunk approx. 350hrs into).  Sadly though, it seems to have lost something when compared to BL2, which I can't quite put my finger on.  It may be that all the areas seem a bit ""samey"", or that (given the location I guess) the colours are all a bit muted, or that the BGM isn't particularly good (I particularly disllike the title screen music), or that a large number of the missions are badly written and boring, or that they seem to have (probably intentionally) picked the most irritating voice actors for the NPCs (especially Pickle) and I could probably go on.I know that the above doesn't sound good and it isn't.  I guess it is possible I just played too much BL2 and this came too soon after, but I'm not so sure.  Like I said above, not a bad game per se, but definitely not as good as those it proceeds.Oh and last point - enough already with the season passes..."
,Not Recommended,261640,12883754,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cahnuckly,Its not bad...... but its not a borderlands 2
,Not Recommended,261640,12933021,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The.Leo,"Not worth the price. Wait until a sale. Not much content in comparison to 2, Voice acting is worse, the story is pointless, the enemies are much more annoying than 2, and the guns aren't nearly as interesting as previous versions. This is more like an expansion pack rather than an actual full game. However, if you are a mega-fan of Borderlands then you might be able to enjoy it. Otherwise give it a pass til it is cheaper than $20."
76561197993301351,Not Recommended,261640,12939842,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,foodster,"what can i say? ive played every previous borderlands and all dlc and enjoyed them.still playing bl2 and judging by this current effort i'll be playing bl2 for a while. the pre sequel is disappointing. first off its short, very short. the shot recognition is appalling. the new grinding weapons thing is a joke. today for instance i tried grinding blue assault rifles upto purple. 41 attempts. 41! i alt f4'd after each attempt as they kept coming out blue. the anti grav is ok to start but soon gets dull but the worse aspect for me is the humour. its gone. bl2 is one of the funniest games i've played, pre sequel all thats gone. they've replaced it with very irritating fake cockney accents that make you want to punch the screen. i feel this game isnt worth the money. 15-20 quid yeah maybe. i cant recommend it in its current state, fix the bugs and expand it a bit without over charging and maybe it'll be ok.  it certainly dosent have the playability or staying power of bl2 which is a shame."
76561198015072542,Not Recommended,261640,13162673,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tbiscuit,"The game should have been DLC.It is fun to play, but it's more borderlands 2.  I enjoy it, but was looking for much more since it was a whole new game."
76561198116476136,Not Recommended,261640,13163129,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fudgesicles,this game is borderlands 2 with new characts and new story dont but this game its not worth the money
76561198098294039,Not Recommended,261640,13209223,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,tommyz,"loved it! hated it! dreading updates... honestly starting to give up on this game and they have only released one dlc... i brought the game and the seasons pass when first came out it because i was so excited for continuing the borderlands story and now they make the game less fun with more nerfs to legendarys (shooting star that i grinded 12 hours realtime for), guns (rosie which i loved), athena (who i played and is my first level 50) and loot drops (how everyone is farming legendarys)... its like they want to make the game that is souly based around looting and shooting and kicking us the customers in the face, arent the customers meant to be right and to help fix the games that we love soooo much!! gearbox, 2k aus (im even australian) help me or you might lose me"
76561198095158879,Not Recommended,261640,13224119,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Anal,"i became a fan of borderland serires because of borderland 2. And i just imagined this version is perfect too, but it's wasn't. The boss or the enemy, it's too lame. they does not have specific and diffirent weak point like BL2, Now it's just like normal shooting game, shoot them in the head, just that ????? ANd about character, it's nothing really creative.- A little bit improvement more than the gunzerker- A little bit change for the old commander- The athena character is a little bit creatvie but can not compare with Psycho, zero, or mechanic in BL 2,I'm totally disappointed :("
,Not Recommended,261640,13253646,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ZwemmendeBoom,"I usually don't write reviews, but this game just makes me mad, and I just need to lose some anger.I've played BL for about 120 hours and BL2 for 450+ hours. This game, priced at €50,-, which, in my opinion, it isn't worth it, I was only able to play for 60 hours. I beat the storyline in +-20 hours. It was a pain. BL and BL2 were both so great. And I had some high hopes for BLPS. Now, after having beaten the game, I even want my money back. This game, and Gearbox's ignorance, really pisses me off. Concidering there are still a few really annoying bugs and glitches, which Gearbox doesn't seem to care about that much. Also this game lacks raidbosses, (legendary)loot, endgame fun and campaign DLC (since there will only be one). It's just a small share of the thing I don't like about this game and daaaaamn am I happy I didn't bought the season pass. If you're new to the borderlands-series you should try the first BL or BL2 (in my opinion the best of them). If you've already played both BL and BL2, then why are you still reading this go back and play those games!BL+DLC = €30,-BL2+DLC = €45,-BLPS = €50,-Outcome: BLPS is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198108144033,Not Recommended,261640,13363067,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Chronic213,"4 hours of gamplay in, and I've already decided this was a frustrating waste of money. I loved BL2... Great Game. BL1.5 is, at every turn, frustrating and NOT fun.Sorry I bought it."
,Not Recommended,261640,13369868,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,The Llama,"I enjoy the game, just not sure its as strong a game as Borderlands 2.Something seems off about it. The characters don't feel as ""fun"" as they did in Borderlands 2. Level design doesn't feel as catchy and interesting as it has in previous games. Over all, it looks like a Borderlands game, and sounds like one. But it doesn't have the feel or the gameplay of one.All that aside, the story to the game is great. It really helps the player get a better understanding of who and what Jack is. While getting your pumped for the next game.In the end, pick up the game if you enjoy the Borderlands universe as a whole. The story that is told in this game is a wonderful addition to the lore. For everyone else I would have to say skip this one."
76561198014965323,Not Recommended,261640,13457382,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,PerfectKill,"the game is much shorter and smaller than both borderlands 1 & 2 (which are far superior games) and the season pass content is a joke for the price, the 50% discount in steam xmas sale (for the base game) makes it about correct priceseason pass and other dlc a joke and for hardcore fans only, and they will still be feeling robbed"
76561198137427145,Not Recommended,261640,13622018,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Morvinet,"Hell, a verry good DLC for BL2. No changes at all, too bad ! Just some little changes of gamplay, dash and slams (and ice) are fun but nothing really new, same system, personas but less profound, makes Lilith look stupid too.So if this is a DLC, why is it presented like full game ?"
76561198132382645,Recommended,261640,13650631,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Absolute Madman,"Great Game. Defintly worth buying! People agrue that 2 was better, but this game is still worth the money (and its atleast better than Destiny)! It has hilarious dialouge, awesome weapons as usual, good multiplayer, and a good story. Its all you want in a Borderlands game. I wish it had more Tiny Tina though....92/100Worth the money"
,Not Recommended,261640,13770350,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NARUTO SASUKE ninjaswap.com,"REALY BAD GAME IN GENERAL..... Gearbox say its ""our choice"" in how we play the game...but then they nurf drop rates and guns we enjoy using. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! the season pass is a rip off as well. Stick with Borderlands 2. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I fell sorry for whever pre-orderd this game because you only got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc worth $5"
,Not Recommended,261640,13021400,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Dead Eye Donny,"Man this game was a dissapointment, I couldnt submit a review when this first came out and later forgot but after seeing this attrocious excuse for a borderlands game in my library decided to do the world a favour. Now I waited until release for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and me and my friend played this and finished it in one sitting and at the end felt so bad about ourselves we never played it since. For some reason the game hour counter didnt work very well and after 2 hours of playing said I had 4 hours, meh nevermind. Im starting to contemplate whether this was an implemented mechanic to make the game seem longer than it actually was but even with fake times i have only played 12 hours and I have finished the game. I could not make myself do a second playthrough. The levelling took FOREVER, not as rewarding as in other borderlands and I finished at level 20. I was excited to play a borderlands game on release because I remember it being the best time to play and hit level 50. This was not the case with Pre Sequel. The comedy is as cheesy as the name and not usual borderlands banter. No scene made me laugh at all, in borderlands 2 and 1 i can think of numerous occasions when i had a chuckle at something someone said or did. Skill trees in this game are nothing much we havent seen before, claptrap and willhelm are a bit more original characters but still nothing groundbreaking. The special abilitys in this game rarely do more damage than your weapons so they are more than useless. My most heartbreaking moment of this game was probably around 6 hours in when I realised that i had been fighting the same enemies THE WHOLE TIME! A few missions had a few exceptions but the creatures that were different from the usual maurauders were copied from borderlands 2 but somehow had worse ai. A badass stalker literally reared itself against a wall and did nothing letting us shoot it down with ease. So after hours of killing marauders I neared end game. Then I fought a BUNK3R clone except in a big open arena that i did not explore at all as it was wastelandish. Next was fighting angels, which were not that exciting, and I found myself at the last boss. A master angel as such, the one you see in the begginning of the game! If this was a film i might understand the technique but in a game you dont want to see the boss once at the begginning then never hear from him until the end. Once I had finished the game we found out the big mystery behind handsome jacks mask!! Such a predictable and awful ending to a dreadful experience. Nothing in the game was worthwhile at all and I wish I had got a refund. BTW the raid boss is just the last boss of the game with more damage, good job 2k australia *clap* *clap*"
,Not Recommended,261640,13269806,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,IRBAlex,It was  k
76561198079760253,Recommended,261640,13653624,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Primal,Bucket list:1:falcon punch a jet in mid air and exsplode it [check]2:stomp-slam/goomba stomp a jet pack soldier with electricity 20 feet above the ground and make him get lost in space forever just to give me a exstra jump once more in mid air [check]3:run around looking for a doorway to the place i need to go then at the end realizeing that it was 10 footsteps away from where the guy told me to go to it [check]kill a claptrap [check]hear what birthday cat has to say [check?]dubstep [check]
76561197995188789,Recommended,261640,13729529,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Stuttering Army Carnies,"It's Borderlands 2 with low gravity, and I have absolutely no problem with that."
76561198043431603,Not Recommended,261640,13434408,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,⛽️⛽️⛽,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,261640,12907214,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tarmasoga,"Iam a huge borderlands fan i spent many many... many weekends playing 1 and 2 with no sleep... this one i beat in 15.5 hours which sounds like alot but much of that was afk time. i beat the game at lvl 23 and even after beating the game i cant farm the only boss ive found that can respawn without ""cheating"" or ""exploiting"" i still only have one half way decent gun at the point of beating the game. storyline was fun but short gameplay was rather decent although it did feel like playing a large possibly released to soon DLC for BL2. the reason i gave it a no is that its not worth the cost i paid 60$ for a expansion pack and i had to force myself to keep playing it  rather then waiting to get off work to play. maybe i just had to high hopes..... 6/10 for me."
76561197962954533,Not Recommended,261640,13007002,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Antony,"This game is an absolute rip offIts nothing more than a bloody overpriced DLCSure the ONE new weapon type is cool and the ONE new game mechanic comes in handy some times but IT IS NOT WORTH $40.Ok lets target some specific issues.1.They havent even bothered to change the HUD at all2.The replay value of this game is about the same as space invaders3.The thing that borderlands have done so well has been removed: FARMABLE BOSSES.There are 2 bosses that you can farm and one of them is a secret boss, the other being the end boss.Even the Tiny Tina  DLC in the last borderlands had more bosses that you could farm.4.The game itself is SHORTER THAN THE TINY TINA DLC.5.The DLC for this, lets face it, glorified peice of DLC costs almost as much as the full game and more than the last game.With this i conclude my immense dissapointment with this overpriced, short, lazy pile of crap which i enjoyed for the short day and a bit it took me to finish.GJ 2k"
,Not Recommended,261640,13106353,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Miff,"Okay sidequel to Borderlands 2. A bit easier to play by yourself but by no means easy to. Don't get it on PC, get it on a console with splitscreen multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,261640,13208440,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jatsala,"While it pains me greatly to not give a positive rating to a Borderlands game...I have to do it this time.There is no end game, you can't farm legendaries, the game is far to easy, there is no challenge, and Gearbox has released 2 patches that have detracted from the quality of the game.Buy the game if you want, but please do not do so until they fix this terrible game."
,Not Recommended,261640,13446700,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MattSmith781,"Very disappointed.Loved Borderlands and Borderlands 2, was very excited for this game but it's just a much worse version or Borderlands 2. The novelty of space wears of very quickly and the choice of players and their upgrades are not a scratch on previous games.6/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,12722563,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,digeybo,"Quick Summary:This game loves to waste your time in anyway possible and is not in anyway enjoyable/rewarding. There are isntant death pot holes everywhere, exploration feels unrewarding and you will barley recieve can upgrade from a loot crate unless you got them from a quest reward. The gun play feels bland and there are very few vareties of weapons only changing factor is the few abilities on them, they have horrible accuracy where you can miss a shot while standing right in front of someone. The boss fight diffculty varies from being able to kill the boss in a go to taking up to 20 attempts to kill others and the machanics feel uninspired and boring. I can not bring myself to play through the second playthrough and I would not recommend this game in anyway.____This game wastes your time as you run through repative side quests that mock you with dialogue that you cant skip and doors you cant pass until the NPC finishes there paragraph text that easily could of been played while running around, it feels like every side quest you do is built to waste your time and is not in anyway entertaing or rewarding whether it be collect 50 common wepons or waiting as an annoying NPC slowly counts down from 5 purposly taking there time so you can start the next objective it mocks you and your time. The game feels dragged out and after every main mission story line you are left with side quests that are handed out in small bundles to slow you down even more. The Australian pop culture refrences are nice but i feel if you dont live in Australia or have some knowledge of its culture/histroy alot of it will go right over your head.The game has massive pot holes which are instant death if you fall into them forcing you to drive around to certain points to jump over them, these are placed not only in the large driving areas but everywhere zone will have these and they tend to just screw you over and over. Exploration in the game became so annoying and looking for loot crates just became pointless as these barley contained items that are useful in comparission to the side quest rewards. The oxygen system once again feels like another mechanic to you slow down and waste your time and adds no real enjoyment to the game.The gun play feels bland and uninspired there are very few varites of guns in each class and the only changes are the mods and stats on them. The accuracy on the guns are dreadful and you can miss when standing right in front of someone and the bullets feel slow and really hard to hit, i noticed some of the faster guns to shoot slower and hits to not be registered if you run into any lag spikes. There is very limited amount of gear you can equip and it would be nice to see some armour added to the game to create more varity in the gameplay.The boss fights difficulty varies dramatically and i found two of the fights to be constantly dieing due to adds and really boring and uninspired machanics. These fights took hours to complete and i found standing in one place and just focusing the boss to be the most effective way to overcome this, other times they werent even challenges and i finsished them in the first attempt.The game ran particullary well on all max settings on my rig however i found some of the mobs to throw chuncks of terrain on the floor causing horrible unplayable lag which became an issue as these mobs were your main enemey for a large portion of the game."
,Not Recommended,261640,12723172,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[SAGZ] C-Oxymoron,"Meh... I thought it would be better. Honestly, it looks like a DLC of Borderlands 2, it's not the greatest Boarderlands for sure."
,Not Recommended,261640,12733089,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Homage,"This game ruined what it meant to be borderlands. The jokes weren't funny, the midgets were renamed, and the story is slow and strained. The oxygen mechanic is useless for anything but a double jump. Rare loot drops aren't rare, except on the bosses you can't fight again (Which is a major problem) All in all, I give this a 3/10Also, PS, this game trashed my graphics card, and I've gotta go buy a new one, but that was probably because I didn't have the requirement"
76561197975491378,Not Recommended,261640,12736946,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hobbs,"Horrible voice acting, bland story, poor map design... just not fun. This is the 1st BL game that I bypassed most of the sidequests and was focused on just trying to finish the game so I didn't feel I wasted 60$."
,Not Recommended,261640,12991147,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Crake,"Just more Borderlards. It's not a bad or unenjoyable game, just not worth $60."
76561198114496240,Not Recommended,261640,13151488,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Surprise Dubstep,After two play throughs you are pretty much burnt out. The aussie accents get on my nerves. Leveling feels like grinding rather than meaningfully progressing. I think if the dlc doesn't get great reviews this game shouldnt be considered a valid entry to the BL series.
,Not Recommended,261640,12733096,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spacelord Pajamas,This game really is a let down.  It just feels so uninspired come pared to it's previous entries.  I'd rate it a 5.5.  True Vault Hunter mode just feels impossible with it's nigh invulnerable bosses...what's the point?  I'd be understating the circumstances by simply saying this game is underwhelming.  Dare I say; dreck?  #beatitanddeleteit
,Not Recommended,261640,12748999,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jm13853211,"Some new mechanics and guns, but mostly more of the same. This glorified expansion isn't worth a quarter of it's purchase price."
,Not Recommended,261640,12881120,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Such Spooky Flame,"Spoiler Warning.I am a Borderlands fanatic and have thoroughly played and enjoyed both 1 and 2. I was very excited for this title and I am sad to say that I was disappointed after completing the main story.After thinking about it for a long time, I found that all my gripes with the game are petty. The thing is that there are so many petty gripes that it starts to wear on me.Crazy Earl was added to the game for no reason other than pandering. Lilith, a character that I know is good, chose to murder Athena for a really stupid reason. Moxxi, Roland, and Lilith seem out of place. Despite the pandering, they didn't add Scooter, a character that I know has fans. You play as 3 characters that you know will die later. The game is a copy of Borderlands 2 with Slam Attacks and low gravity added to it. The story is terrible. The humor seems forced and unnatural, and the final boss made no sense.I didn't think that a Borderlands game would feel this hollow.It's cool that you get to play as Claptrap and Athena, I guess... it would have been better if they just added those 2 and a side campaign in Borderlands 2 and not charged full price for it.Just play Borderlands 2 again instead of buying this. You wouldn't be missing much plotwise and they're not adding anything new to the game that you can't already get in Borderlands 2."
,Not Recommended,261640,12895898,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BrotherofHavok,"The WORST of all three Borderlands games. I've played through to the True vault hunter mode as Fragtrap and there are way too many issues with the story line and characters.Don't get me wrong, it's still a borderlands game, but I would recommend buying or even replaying Borderlands 1 and 2 before recommending this game. It's clear that 2K and 2K Australia do not understand what made Borderlands fun and made completely wasted background, story, and gameplay mechanics (The Oz kits) that could have been saved for something else or even a DLC.Now, the first of the Season Pass DLC has come out... a single character that you should NEVER want to play. Handsome Jack... well, his double at least. Now you get to play as the character that you grew to love to hate in Borderlands 2 and completely change your mind about him. Was he crazy? sure, be he had good reasons right? NO! THIS BACKGROUND STORY FOR JACK SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN MADE!Characters, re-mashed abilities, backgrounds, story, DLC, Jack... there are too many issues with this game that cause me to just not recommend this to players."
,Not Recommended,261640,12926773,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,pseudo™,"I wish I had taken the time to read the reviews on this. It's basically rehashed Borderlands 2 without an interesting storyline, dialogue, or characters. It's just a way to cash in on a very successful and popular franchise while adding a few obnoxious gimmicks to the game."
76561198029672128,Not Recommended,261640,12953149,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The salty BEERNUT,"How can they ♥♥♥♥ up Borderlands this much???? The ""cut scenes"" are long and boring AND not ♥♥♥♥ING FUNNY! I understand that it was made in Australia but come on!The story is boring and it just feels like: shoot stuff, get crappy loot OR O2 freaking bottles that they call health, get ammo!No character dev, this♥♥♥♥♥♥was rushed and should have been a DLC for borderlands 2; no way this is worth what I paid for."
,Not Recommended,261640,12959443,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,12D3V4R,"Dissappointing. Not bad, but just a worse version of Borderlands 2, which was a great game. It plays it way too save, is unoriginal and lazy made.> Story not so appealing. Jack is not a♥♥♥♥♥♥yet, he is much less interesting, and you barely see him develop. You kill some people by throwing them into space and he says ""that felt weirdly good"". That was the hint of him turning evil, thats all.> All the weapon designs are the same, even the legendaries. Makes you feel you have tried them all before because only numbers are different and it makes looting less exciting.> There are laser weapons, which is a nice addition, but they are pretty OP. I always had at least one which could kill almost anything, and all the other non laser weapons were much less effective.> The moon is huge and annoying to navigate. Zero gravity is just meh.> Buttslam is okay, but not a gamechanger> Characters are very dull compared to Borderlands 2. I can only remember 1, and i didnt even like him.> Tiny Tina only has 2 lines in the end.AND the season pass doesnt even include 4 campaigns, which everyone would have expected, since the first 2 games followed that pattern. You get 2 characters, 1 campaign and 1 arena!! Thats Gearbox tricking money out of you. Who would pay 30 euro for 2 characters, that you cant even play unless you start over? Then 1 boring arena. The 1 campaign should be pretty good tho.Worth mentioning, in the season pass to Borderlands 2, you got 4 campaigns AND a character..."
,Not Recommended,261640,12990708,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kiseruyoru,"Basically, I got what I expected. It's not a bad game, it's better than the first, but dear god. . . .just, the second was SOOOO much better.Okay, remember Borderlands, bare bones of an awesome game? Yeah you do. And then Borderlands 2 came around and fixed everything, literally, everything. New UI, Added a real story, Better and more VAs, Better classes, Better loot, More random loot, More guns, More playstyles, More Guns, and enough DLC to turn the base, somewhat simplistic game (that was still awesome) into a truly epic wonderland.Not only was BL2 epic, but it was such an enormous improvement over the first, but I didn't expect that for this, and neither should anyone.In fact, this is as step backwards, in every way. If BL2 was two steps forward, this is one step back.The maps are redundant, too-large for their emptiness, and worse than having every area look more or less the same? You WILL re-trek each area, repeatedly, for no reason, far in excess of what BL2 did. The worst aspects of the side quests in BL2, particularly the ""Go do this! Heyy . . .wait. . .can't do that, okay, so run to the opposite end of the map, do this, oh wait, can't do this, go ahead and run back now, do this third thing. Good, now go do the second, and then run all the way back to do the first thing that shoulda been the only damned thing!""I don't mind a little padding, but almost half this game is padding. . . .And I love me some filler, but. . . the character just aren't 'there' in this one. I don't have a problem with the Aussie thing, dunno why so many do really (it was made there, and why do people seem to hate Aussies anyhow?) -- I don't get all the jokes, but most of them just fine. I dunno what a billabong is tho :P. Anywa, the filler is just lacking, and a lot of that falls on the characters just not having the appeal of BL2 . .. but c'mon, the whole joke with Hammerlock is that he is, polite. . . .and he's one of my favourite characters. I'm not asking for complexity here, and I think it is the setting that ruins everything. The moon was jsut a really, really, REALLY bad setting.What's really irksome, is that I cannot imagine it really saved them that much money in the end to have a million moon areas that look identical rather than having a few terrains like BL2 had done, desert, ice, grassland, city, eiridium blight, canyon, city, another city (but totally different), Hyperion Base, Animal habitat (savanna?) -- and then DLc which each had their own distinct character.I didn't even know where I was 80% of the time in this one because. . .it's all the damn same. Moon. Moon. Moon. Moon. Infuriating space-station open-space area, Moon, Space station, Moon, Space station, Moon, Moon, Vault.The moon was an AWFUL idea.So, if you haven't, go play BL2, then BL1, then this if BL3 ain't out yet.I'll update if the DLC quest expansions justify additional info."
76561198037081221,Not Recommended,261640,13062665,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Haruban,"Its development through 2k Australia really shows...like REALLY shows. It may just be me but the level of ""accent"" made me want to dome myself with a curling iron. Its even worse that this is the only thing that stands out about this game, not the gameplay, the story, or the guns, but the crappy Australian accents. If this doesn't say anything about the direction of the franchise then I don't know what does. The saying ""if its not broken don't fix it"" doesnt apply here because something is obviously broken.TLDR; If you're looking for more of the same but with Australian accents then buy it, unfortunately this is a pass for me.6/10"
76561198050160672,Not Recommended,261640,13229746,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,4-Hour Erection,"I would like to preface this review by saying that I am a huge fan of the Borderlands series and played every single game so-far and enjoyed it.Borderlands the Pre-Sequel had alot ridign on it to be the successor of the widely popular Borderlands 2, as many will say it did a fairly good job at that. But, is fairly good enough?Borderlands TPS introduces a few new things to the Borderlands franchise which includeNew vault huntersLazer weaponsBrand new story behind the creation of the ""Handsome Jack""New location on Pandora's moon ElpisNew enemiesNew guns and itemsAll of these are as a matter of fact signifigant changes to the Borderlands series, but at the same time it is exactly where the game fails to be part of the borderlands series. The new vault hunters are at best ""flat"" with all of the vault hunters hanving a very small spectrum of emotions and in general being VERY boring and to a lesser extent the same. The lazer weapons in general are interestign and bring more variaty to the game, but they ruin the whole Borderlands experiance by being too powerful and overall more useful than nay other gun type as you'll see very early on in-game that most all players use lazer weapons over the conventional weapons because they are in general better. The story is in best summary....the story, theres not much to see there as the story from Borderlands 2 was fairly good and in general the story for Borderlands TPS was good with the exception of the current iteration of Vault Hunters being flat and lifeless without contributing in any way to the story either than being Jack's guard-dog. Elpis is at best gimmicky, the play space is smaller that vanilla Borderlands 2 and the introduction of ""Zero gravity"" is just a complete failure. The whole ""double jump"" and ""butt-slam"" system is cool for the first few times but very easily falls flat and becomes boring, not to mention how zero gravity and the so called ""double jumping""( which really isn't double jumping, more gliding) should promote exploration of the play-space somehow restricts the player through huge fines for falling to your death through jumps that a player thoughts they could make.The new enemies for Borderlands TPS are to be honest, the same. Bandits are now scavs, physcos are now Moonstruck, and the Dahl army is just a re-skinned version of Atlas soilders from BL1's Knoxx's Armory DLC. The enemies are the same with no new changes from the mold of either ""Dude with gun"" or ""Monster to shoot"". It's saddening to see how the enemy variety grew smaller from Borderlands 2.And now the subject of guns/items/gear. Borderlands TPS boast about having Bajillions of guns and items. Which it does, but it doesn't say howMore than half the legendary items are returning from previous games or are re-named/reskinned. It also doesn't mention how the majority of weapons and items are of low tier and would never be used by a player. Not to mention howThe majority of legendary gear has no assigned dropwhich means there is no place to get it without using a save editor or the wonderfully new ""grinder' system which is a sad excuse for the items not having a drop.Overall, I would not recommend Borderlands TPS to anyone unless you are an avid fan of the series and are willing to stick to the game as patch after patch Gearbox ruins their game by reducing drop chances and nerfing weapons."
76561198018362051,Not Recommended,261640,13234088,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,~ Humbledore ~,"Alright, befor I begin, I'm a huge fan of the franchise and I have played the first and second game to death because of how good they were with something around 500 hours on BL2. So I'm writing this as a mature consumer and not a childish fanboy. What prompted me to write this was discovering what the three dlc content 2K Australia had planned for this game.So for close to a hundred dollars.. you receive... a slaughter dome (level cap increase) ... 2 characters, and a forth unknown dlc as of yet and the vanilla game. So unless the fourth dlc... adds content to the story which lengthens it twice to what it currently is; this game is not worth buying.Is the game bad? not at all, its an average game and a more glorified dlc to BL2 if nothing else. It has some new enemies, and the added verticality (thats a word now) to think about during gameplay. The story was interesting albiet being a little short but overall not terrible. The characters were relatively well designed with good skill trees. But that is essentially where the good points end.I'm Australian.... but by god are those voices annoying.... like I honestly do not understand what they're on about half the time. Remeber in BL2 where you had Scooter with the typical redneck American voice.... that was amusing... and restricted to a few characters in the game. Here they've taken that idea, and applied to goddamn nearly every npc in the game to the point I muted the dialogue during other playthroughs. I mean seriously?Then theres the weapons..... I'd say more than half are reskinned, and renamed from BL2, which combined with the nonspwanble bosses makes the end game.... literally non-exsistant. Unless you want to play save and quit simulator cuz apparently everything is in vendors now.. or the grinder.Raid bosses are not present.... and I refuse to accept that adding HP to the final boss and adding the prefix... ""invincible"" makes him a raid boss -.-Then of course the cost...... 70 dollars.. for a glorified dlc. Thats literally theft... 2K Australia and Gearbox, if you've done one thing right, its most definiately alienating a majority of your fan base. If the game was 40 dollars with DECENT dlc as add ons, this train wreck could have been avoided in my opinion. But again this is all just my opinion, and I certainly understand if you don't agree with it."
76561198047371404,Not Recommended,261640,13244291,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,wolfsage13,"This game feels like more of a dlc. Jumping around the moon is fun for a little while, but what I really liked about the games was the fanatical push to find out the story. 1 and 2 had this overarching push to find the vaults, and I definetely think that this can be changed as it evolves over time, but they also had deeper characters that you wanted to find out more about. The environment being one of my favorites, every single side quest would bring life and color to what should be a desolete, cruel planet. Exlimation points would fill you with excitement as to what you would find next; I'm not sure where the pre-sequel loses this, the game just feels very grindy instead of a story. All of that being said, it still had it's moments, it's still fun, and claptraps skills are hilariously amazing. PS: please add a siren!!!"
76561198143381963,Not Recommended,261640,13271594,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Maximuni,Runs Laggy on my Macbook Pro 2013. Have contacted the game company many times not a solution works yet provided. My Mac should be compelete quailifies for it. Spent almost my 60% haven't played much.
,Not Recommended,261640,13301091,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,John,"After playing borderlands 2 I can safely say that this game was very underwheming to say the least, especially compared to Borderlands 2, or even the orginal Borderlands. With about 2 super huge, game changing bugs still not being fixed, and still a bunch of rare loot not assigned to be dropped by anything. Plus, there are a ton a enemies that drop rare loot that you can only encounter ONCE. ONCE. Which means you will either have to alter your save file, or start a new charater. I feel this makes it harder for people who like farm this loot to get what they want without going to the grinder, or a save editor. Its not a total trash game though, I've had my fun with it, and still do. But your looking for a TRUE Borderlands experience, or are new to the series. Get Borderlands 2."
76561197968331599,Not Recommended,261640,13386045,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cyanide,"DO NOT BUY.There is basically nothing good about this game.  Mediocre is the best it ever does.  It's just borderlands 2, with worse dialog, worse map design, worse mission design, worse enemy design, worse AI, and MUCH worse technical execution.  The only redeeming factor is that it's so short.  The people who did borderlands 2 didn't even develop this.  It's a cheap attempt at capitalizing on the Borderlands brand, and I'm disappointed that I even paid a discounted sale price for it.  I'll not be buying anything from Gearbox for a while after this piece of crap."
,Not Recommended,261640,13420948,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Fubar_,"I usally don't write reviews for games but as a long time fan I truly am dissatisfied with BLTPS.  I't Borderlands 2 with cryo elemental type added.  The story is short and easy,  the raid bosses are a joke even after a buff, and it lacks the fun ""Shoot & Loot"" feel that you get from Borderlands 1 and 2.  Most the the current legendary items are the same or renamed versions of old legendary items.   With the additon of the new UVHM(still 1 shot everything) and the Holodome i was hoping 2k would pick it up, but sadly it just wasn't enough it still lacks the fun and varitey that BL2 had.  Sadly the Pre-sequal feels like DLC content, worth a single play through and thats anout it.  4/10"
76561198064016314,Not Recommended,261640,13428491,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cabinier,this is game is a bit ify ifyi enjoyed it but it wasnt captivating
76561198020441057,Not Recommended,261640,13727076,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kimono Kurt Russell,terrible
,Recommended,261640,13774063,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bakanai,"Even thought this games has some flaws, it is still a borderlands game and will hopefully live up to the previous two games."
76561197986673042,Not Recommended,261640,13406260,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Sizzlechips,"While the gameplay is very similar to Borderlands 2, and even better in some ways, the story is weak and the missions are repetitive and annoying.Pros:Fun gameplayLaser weapons are greatButt-slamming is awesomeHaving your char talk is a nice additionCons:Very little of the humor from the previous gamesVery reduntant quests (oh no the door is locked, oh no there's no power, oh no the power is broken find this part, 20 minutes later you open the door)I wish I were exaggerating on the last point, but that really happens like 5-6 times in this gameNo, really... I'm serious...  The quests are awful.The end game is broken (most legendaries can't be farmed since they drop from one time fights)"
,Not Recommended,261640,13408464,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Eli,Buy BL 1 or 2 instead.
76561198059403037,Not Recommended,261640,13437059,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,litbear02,"When borderlands came out i loved it. then borderlands 2 came out, i said to myself can it get any better.  loved both of them.  bought the third pre-sequel 2.5 amost a year prior.  waited pacently and man what a disapoitment.PRO:1:  some new features and skills i liked.CONS:1:  start with new planet and new people. im so sick of 'handsome' Jack and the replay of existing terrian.2: i HATE, AND HATE the low gravity thing.  YOu have to use it to jump over things to get from one place to another.3:  hate the oxygen issue.  gets old real quick.4:  did not like the graphics of the moon.  The space station no problem.5: every voice only has an austrian voice.  wish they would have gotten different voices from around the globe.6:  jokes (most of them) are so bad that they are lame.  not funny.7:  did i say i hate the gravity thing?  yea i know but i still hate it.8:  terrian was more smaller than other borderlands.  more of move from one point to another.CONCLUSION:i never finished it.  if they did not want to do another panet, they should have just redone another bordlands on pandora.  or better yet. just allow the old and new charactors be used in borderlands 2 as a dlc.  wasted money on this one."
76561197968755418,Not Recommended,261640,12882224,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Bubali,"This game makes me sad.  They are squandering possibly the best set of Vault Hunters they've ever created on short, uninspired and just plain bad story.  I feel bad for the developers that did such a great job on the combat mechanics, only to have their hard work stapled to this turd.The pros:The player characters are great.  All four vault hunters are viable, distinctive and fun.  The skill trees have some very clever options that add fun twists on their combat styles.Low-gravity combat is epic.  Super-jumps and the new cryo element work very well together.  The mechanics and skill trees encourage close range, high mobility fighting, and elemental balance was significantly better.  Both cryo-melee shatters and aerial sniping are tons of fun.The cons:The non-player characters Janey Springs and Nurse Nina are pathetic replacements for Scooter and Dr. Zed.  Did the writers even try to make them fun or interesting?The story isn't interesting, and it's not funny.  Maybe I don't get Australian humor, but the writers seem to think that all it takes to be funny is sprinkling in words like ""billabong"" and ""tuckerbag"".  And Jack's story arc was a huge disappointment.  Where were the treasured moments of sadistic joy?  I can only think of one moment in the whole story that made me grin that evil grin."
76561197999546591,Not Recommended,261640,12746210,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,natashagmt,"""Damned by faint praise"" is a perect sumation of this game. It feels like a bunch of Corporate VP's sat around the office asking each other what new gimmics they could toss in to freshen things up, but got so caught up in the gimmics that they lost sight of making a hugely enjoyable game."
76561197975383391,Not Recommended,261640,12799220,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ghettofabulous,"Borderlands 2 was one of the best games I've ever played because of the humor.  It was so much fun.  I was constantly laughing at all the dialogue and NPC taunts.  The Pre-Sequel is 1% of BL2 in comparison.  Extremely disappointing and I feel ripped off, especially since I bought the Season Pass with the game and have no intention of playing it.Basically all the fun of BL2 is gone.  The humor aspect is not there and seems to have taken a PC / pg-rated tone aka no midgets or enemies screaming stuff like ""midget lover!"" (lol) at you.  They are now ""Lil-"".  In fact, the enemies don't yell anything, funny or otherwise.  Granted, there are some funny parts like when you (non-spoiler) kill the kids dad (repeatedly) and everytime the kid says ""daddy went sleepy bo-bum-by-bys"" or something ridiculous.  However, most of the game you will not even crack a smile.  Complete opposite of BL2.  They even reuse several of the vending machine sayings from BL2.  The writing staff for 2K Australia sucks.Gameplay is boring.  Several of the levels are really annoying.  Feels like a bad DLC for BL2.  Yeah you get lasers, ice, and low gravity, but everything else is the exact same.  Places are all basically the same environment/look and side quests feel like a grind.  Do A, ohh A didn't work do B, ohh B didn't work do C, ohh C didn't work do D.... run around a lot.  I'm sure eveyone LOVES the platform jumping weeeeeee (sarcasm).  Broken hitboxes:  Shoot enemies and it doesn't always register the hit.  Same stuff everyone else is upset about.I finished the game with Nisha and did all side quests.  I just uninstalled it.  Tried to give it a chance but this game is just a ripoff expansion that doesn't deliver.  If you haven't, play BL2 and get the Torgue expansion for a seriously good time!No funny no purchase!!!"
76561198021233009,Not Recommended,261640,12840108,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kaolas,"I love the game, however they have recently added extra gravity to certain sections of the game.  While changing gravity in a game can be a good game mechanic, they unfortunately did it in a way that is very jarring and disorientating to the Player. I find this simple addition to the game has the negative side effect of pulling the player out of the game and losing the desired immersion that the game previously had. This is because they implemented the gravity without giving explanation or notice to the player that the controls are changing. This can be very detrimental during a combat when entering one of these rooms while flying or attempting to do a slam attack. Honestly, I feel that this change in gravity is very detrimental to the gameplay and should be removed specially because it was not in the original release of the game but an update,  which makes it even more jarring when you're running into a room that had low gravity initially and now has normal gravity.Note if they change these sections back to the way they were all start recommending the game again. I know it seems like a silly little thing but it makes a big difference."
76561197997476725,Not Recommended,261640,12507339,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ncostes,"I have 90 hours on it and I'm going back to not recommended at this price. Finished it on two characters, one was glitched which made the final boss fight a joke. Was not able to get rid of the glitch.Wait till it's at least 50% off. You get better loot from vending machines (all legenderies we got were from vending machines, none from bosses, not even any decent epics). So if you like a vending machine shopping simulator, go for it.There is some humor but most of it is not good, unlike BL2. BL2 grabbed you, you just wanted to keep playing to see how the story turns out. The zones were interesting and different, the creatures and the ""bandits"" were varied.  Here everything is pretty much the same. You see one or 2 zones, you've seen them all. You fight one group of bandits, you've fought them all.The O2 mechanic is fun, some of the lasers are fun, a few jokes are funny, the story is a little interesting, but overall not close to the quality and fun of BL2.Wait for it to be $10-$20."
,Not Recommended,261640,12717677,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Darth Bank,"ok the game is exactly like borderlands 2 except ♥♥♥♥♥ier. all of the environments in the game is white ♥♥♥♥ing rock and grey metal. Thats the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game just white ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. Also the whole managing oxygen thing is really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying unless you play as clap trap then you dont have to worry about the oxygen thing. There is really no point to play any other character than ClapTrap. Theres also the fact that the game is pretty easy, you can just run past every enemy, UNLESS you want to spend 10 minutes clearing out every area. All the side quests ♥♥♥♥ing suck. Im not gonna go collect a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥ing ECHO devices for hours just to end up with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon that will be useless after another hour of gameplay. Also theres REALLY no point in money for anything other than ammo. The gun stores only sell overpriced♥♥♥♥♥♥that is never good. The storyline so far is ♥♥♥♥ing boring and the jokes arent funny, almost everything in this game isnt funny. The jokes are just more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than funny. I think they write the jokes to appeal to ♥♥♥♥♥ and 9gag ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Basically if I wrote this game it would be alot funnier. :))))"
,Recommended,261640,13754790,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Whalerguy,Is it Borderlands 2?Nope.Is it 83% as good?Yup.8/10 full price 10/10 at under 83% asking price.
76561198071820161,Recommended,261640,23315888,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,PandaCake,"As pithy and sardonic as the previous (/next?) releases, the Pre Sequel has more replay value than the majority of games you'll encounter."
76561198156967199,Recommended,261640,24834911,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Corn csgobounty.com,"Not as good as borderlands 2, but still great."
,Recommended,261640,25065409,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kalamir,Solid game but not as great as Borderlands 2. This actually felt like a large DLC for BL2. Still enjoyed it but if you had to pick one game in the series to experience make sure you pick up the second and the DLC.
,Not Recommended,261640,16959101,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Aaronzona State University,Borderlands 2 is one of my favourite games and then I was pumped for the sequel and... well there is only one good word to describe this game.♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,261640,13811467,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sion,"Just not as good as Borderlands 2, the score isn't as good, the characters aren't as interesting, the story is kinda lack luster and I'm all for a story involving a character becoming more and more corrupt but this really didn't do it well. They throw the aspect of Jack becoming evil so half arsed that you really don't get a sense that it was a slow fall from grace."
76561198042326094,Recommended,261640,25219398,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,"Sure, it's not perfect, but Borderlands TPS is actually a pretty good game. The few mechanics not directly input from Borderlands 2 are definitely extremely fun to use, from the badass aerial navigation, to the awesome new Cryo elemental type, what TPS lacks in originality, it makes up for in fun. The side quests can feel a bit tedious and repetitive at times, and it certainly wouldn't hurt the game to have been longer, but TPS is probably worth that $50 steam gift card you don't know what to do with.6.8/10"
76561198055218428,Not Recommended,261640,23833926,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SilentCore,"I feel like this borderlands game was significantly worse than the other borderlands games, it just felt a lot more clunkier to me."
,Recommended,261640,25137928,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Super Shark Face,"Not as good as either the first or the second game, but still worth playing once for the fans.  There were actually a lot of cool new mechanics in this one- I liked the cryo guns, the buttslams, and especially the air boosting.  Being able to jump around and fight enemies from above (and below) was really fun and different from the other games.The main thing I didn't like was how open and empty it felt.  I understand they were probably going for that lonely outer-space atmosphere, but there was too much of the walking through empty/only populated by easy respawning enemies sections.  More fast travels or car stations would've helped that a lot."
76561198068133903,Recommended,261640,28673264,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Advil,basicly borderlands 3. its a full game with new fun gun types and mechanics.
,Recommended,261640,27558040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Delray,The graphics are awsome and the game play is cool. it's a shame they don't have more dlc's like they had in borderlands 2
,Recommended,261640,29035470,Posted: 5 January,all,PointeE,"So far this game is good, love playing. Cheers for the game 2K Aussies"
,Recommended,261640,28499872,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jake,"About halfway through was when I noticed I was having fun. My bad mood started not right away, but maybe somewhere in the first couple hours. I'd just come off a long stint of BL2, where the jokes still make me chuckle after the 8th+ time. I could write this whole thing comparing the two, and that's been done already, so you'd just be hearing that crap with my own spin.The Borderlands series has my heart in a deep way. It's the game that brought my wife and I closer through Coop LAN gameplay, online with old friends who live too far for us to hang IRL. My bad mood wasn't bad because I was surprised by what I was experiencing. I'd read a few grumpy reviews and I always listen closely to the hurtful words people use about these controversial titles that maybe thousands of people pour their efforts into bringing alive.  The extreme words spewed by folks who probably don't understand the trials of assembling AAA titles that carry loads of community pressure. When people use extreme words about something they themselves did not create, then, huzzah.I want to say a lot. I want to praise it for the mood change it gave me. It made me realize that I was expecting it to entertain me in a similar way as the previous titles. It's a little bit like the difference between Weezer's Blue album and Pinkerton. Pinkerton sort of dissappointed me when I first heard it. It didn't have an 8minute track that I'd fallen asleep to in a dental office and had a short fantasy about skateboarding away from a pack of storm troopers.Pinkerton introduced a tone shift, key elements that opened me to the voice and mind of Rivers Coumo. Took me away from the mostly joyful sounds put to, often easily overlooked, actually saddening words. It was a positive sound to some heavy language. Like someone getting the shirt torn off their back on the first day of school, but they still show up and smile for the class photo. That's Borderlands 2.The Pre-Sequel, like Pinkerton, isn't trying to fake it anymore. It's still charming, beautiful, seemingly unpolished, and maybe so. The darkness amidst that charm is a real feeling, it sings to an aspect I wasn't anticipating."
,Recommended,261640,24693255,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Crazycow,Athena hit that. 10/10
76561198066885903,Not Recommended,261640,14536026,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[HMRD] NoHarmShiba,"Don't buy this game. The amount of content that they released so far is mostly characters and one arena dlc that is worthless. I would wait till they release the game of the year edition.But still in my opinion, its not worth buying."
,Recommended,261640,13095049,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Verkanyne,"Due to the very nature of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, it is difficult to accurately describe its essence without comparing it to the other games in the series, but here goes: Standing on its own two legs, Pre-Sequel is an all-around strong game, having a few weak points. The weapon variety is expansive, with a number of fun mechanics to keep gameplay interesting. The playable characters are interesting enough, though much of the dialogue with them struggles to feel like a sincere conversation and instead comes off as a fill-in-the-blanks ad lib. Most of the game world is rocky, grey, lunar surface, which can become boring quickly, but compounds the excitement of finding something new out in the great expanse. As far as the storyline is concerned, the plot is fairly straightforward without veering in any particularly unexpected directions, though newcomers to the series might feel differently about this.Which brings me to my next point.Most players having any more than a passing interest in Pre-Sequel have, probably, played the other games in the series, and they are the ones that are going to get the most out of the game's storyline. Pre-Sequel is littered with details to fill in some of the blanks of Borderlands and Borderlands 2 that will go over the head of anyone unfamiliar with those games. That said, the overall story caters to those who aren't sure what to expect from the game, making it a valid entry point for these new players, and should entice them to explore the namesakes of the ""Pre-Sequel"" title.From a gameplay standpoint, while considering the whole series, Pre-Sequel is an improvement on Borderlands 2, which itself was an improvement on the original Borderlands, so it certainly has forward momentum. It could be argued that the shift between BL2 and BL:PS is marginal. The series already has a strong recipe for great gameplay, so this matter comes down to personal taste; some will find the new additions satisfying, others will be wanting more substantial changes, but very few will say that the new features have a negative impact.All-in-all, Pre-Sequel is worth the time whether you are a veteran of the series or are new to the series."
,Recommended,261640,13454159,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hobo,"Well, I was pretty excited to see this come out.  And I have enjoyed checking out the new classses.  And the game play is just as great as Borderlands 2.   But otherwise something seems to be missing.   It's more of a huge DLC than a new game.   Still I will play it...but something is keeping me from becoming as addicted as i was to Borderlands 2."
76561198077262819,Recommended,261640,23808317,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Demise,"I love this game, its beautiful in every way, but it doesn't seem to convey the same....emotions that Borderlands 2 did, still totally worth it!"
76561198085143810,Recommended,261640,32870335,Posted: 27 June,all,Gretell II,"Prettey good game, but Borderlands 2 is wayyy better!"
,Recommended,261640,26811053,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IceBear,Good gameThe history is niceLots of weapons and skill combinationsFunny quotesEnteresting charactersTwists---------------------------------The only problem is the lack of endgame content unlike the one from borderlands 2 since this one is unexistent
,Recommended,261640,15418377,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,Handsome Jack is playable and fantastic as always... you don't need any other reason... get this game.
76561198060115868,Recommended,261640,23940541,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dosha909,"Expected more from DLC, but this game should fill the waiting time gap for Borderlands 3 :D"
76561198032877944,Recommended,261640,23936330,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tinkky (Niclas),"Happy sick violent, this is a great series."
,Not Recommended,261640,30580966,Posted: 17 March,all,Dr. Freeman,Not as good as number 2.
,Recommended,261640,23388540,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Fangro,"Not a such a huge improvement like the Borderlands 2 was, but still a great game. It's smaller than Borderlands 2 and does not have a lot of extra material, but the oxygen system was fun. A lot of brand new and unique characters."
,Not Recommended,261640,13417216,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,bogami,"I deliberately bought a Season Pass and now does not include the Drop Shock Slother Pit. -.- just because they are now in the game so Rubbish drops -.- ..pitifully...robbery of reason to play in the second round no more .The boss does not give you a remarkable drop despite all the chits he used .Those who play a stolen version of the game ,can get pleasure  and drop .-.-"
76561198109446343,Recommended,261640,18181935,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,The Lazy Gamer,Funny game but I have to admit bordermemes I mean borderlands 2 is better game.BUT if you like claptraps in this game you can even play as 1 so go for it definetly worth it
76561198068276349,Recommended,261640,18179848,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,I AM BOXIN!!!,gg
,Recommended,261640,12909784,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dementia (in 日本),FWARK YEEE HAVIN A LADYBONER ERE'!!!
76561197974494105,Recommended,261640,28817827,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Plexer,"Fun, but I still love Borderlands 2 better!  This is a close second."
76561197978321210,Recommended,261640,13500384,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Slap,"While I get that people wanted a new vesion of BL2, I do not understand all the negative feed back on this game. If you were expecting something new and fresh then buying something with the words Pre-Sequel in the title was not a good idea. If your upset that you paid $60 for this game because you pre-ordered it. Well I guss thats your fault and have not paid much attention to all the massive Steam sales that go on constantly. For the last 2 days the game has been on sale for 50% off sounds like a good deal to me even if you are looking at the game as extra DLC.So I was glad this game came out I have enjoyed the space maps, low gravity, zero oxygen, weapons grinding and the butt slams. All the maps look real good visually and the game plays great. I am glad to have it to bridge the gap in time as they are hopefully making BL3 . I also hope they incorperate some of the cool features with this game & BL2 in the BL3.In short if you go into this game knowing what to expect and happen to buy it on sale I believe you can really enjoy this game as much as BL2. You have to admit that it is better than replaying all the missions over in BL2 for the 4th or 5th time."
,Recommended,261640,13472455,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cory1578,"(The Following is based on my thoughts and opinions of the game and shouldn't change the way you experience the game for yourselves) I don't know why there is so much hate for this game but it needs to stop, The game is an enjoyable and wonderful game to play hours on end just like the other Borderlands. I'm just 9 hours in writing this review and i have no Game changing big deal breakers yet. Yes the game is Different to the previous Borderlands but you can't just hate a brand and or series for taking new steps into the future of gaming. For Example the Assassins creed series and how the community didn't like the way Assassins creed revelations turned out. (Not saying i don't enjoy the Assassins creed series in fact i own all of the games in the series but this is my opinion)To sum everything up i had fun and will continue to have fun and enjoy this game and series.Thank you 2K For this wonderful game."
76561198119684066,Recommended,261640,13474779,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wyler Six,Great Game!
76561197977895317,Recommended,261640,13479796,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,NightShadow,"Had a lot of fun with this game.. fans of the series will enjoy it. Basically it boils down to ""better then the 1st game, not as good as the 2nd."
,Recommended,261640,13515374,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,President Donald J. Trump,"I LOVE THIS GAME! If I could rate it, OH WAIT, I CAN! I would give it a 9/10. There is not the best storyline compared to the other games but has lots of fun new things like moon gravity and Oz kits. I have played this and then Borderlands 2 and now call it Borederlands 2. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,261640,15473635,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,NeoZenith,"Its not as bad as people say it to be. It was boycot by its ""fans"" the dlc was never completed because of 2k Australia death.The game smooths out kinks with Borderlands 2 it creates new movement possiblities and better for dodging by adding Oz kits. However I wish that they killed you faster when you had no oxygen left. Its not really a big deal but thats my opinion.UVHM isn't revolved around slag. Borderlands 2 was slag simulator 2012 and made the game monotonous and boring. Slag the enemy switch to another gun. Slag the enemy switch to another gun. Slag the enemy switch to another gun. That was basically all you would do.The Pre-Sequel adds Cryo as a replacement for slag and honestly, its a much more fun element to use and creates more a diverse way to play UVHM.The story was told through in a narative way by Athena, one of the vault hunters which was a great way to tell this story. It makes you feel sorry for what happened to Jack and makes him an even more detailed character. Who doesn't love Jack?THE VAULT AREN'T MUTES. THEY ACTUALLY COMMENT ON THE SITUATION.All of the vault hunters are great characters to play and are all equally viable throughout the game if equiped with the right gear.So if you want to grab this game pick it up on sale if you are still uncertain but I'm sure you will get your money's worth either way."
,Recommended,261640,13470909,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,C6,You dont have to fight loaders 10/10
,Recommended,261640,24435397,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GammaRatt,"Not as Badass as BL2, but overall a very solid and fun game.Also, Maelstorm chaining at 999 stacks is the ultimate boss destroyer.Also, Athena is cool.Also, Janey is cool.Also, I'm now into Jathena fanfics, which is strange, as I generally hated reading.Also, my level of english has increased significantly, as I have written a Jathena fanfic which is over 20'000 words long, which is strange as well, because the one thing i hated more than reading, was writing.Thank you Gearbox for making me enjoy reading and writing."
,Recommended,261640,24626314,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FlamingWings™,"as a huge fan of Borderlands 2 I was quite excited when I heard about this relaseing. This game is great and well worth it. The Gameplay and graphics are very similar to that of Borderlands 2, allowing fans to ease in quickly. I enjoyed the charecters. I loved the setting and the atmosphere. having zero gravity was a great idea. the things I did't like was how the whole story was built around filling in missing backstory from Borderlands 2, which I felt a DLC could have done. I felt that the jokes and memes were a bit forced. The Easter Eggs were barely subtle, which made me upset because I was amazed when I came across things in BL2 such as the minecraft caves or the giant mimic and golem fighting in the TTADK DLC. however GearBox is still one of my favortie companies and I have enjoyed all the games they have released in recent years from Borderlands 2 all the way to BattleBorn. with the news about Borderlands 3 starting development, I have already boarded the hype train"
,Recommended,261640,13464936,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Slave137,i really enjoy this game however it should be more borderlandsish
,Recommended,261640,13491468,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,gyro,If you like fun get it.
76561197961001506,Recommended,261640,13461344,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,]NsR[ Stu [08],"If you liked 2, it's good, and delivers some of the ""morally grey"" backstory to some of the villains in 2.  The plot's a little more muddled and difficult to follow, but as always there are plenty of action and laughs to distract you from it.  I'd rate it lower than 2, but still a decent and fun game.  Do yourself a favor and pick one character to max level though, otherwise it's a grind fest."
76561198067756842,Recommended,261640,13491542,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,AnimeTits,"You can play as a robot, a cowgirl, a cyborg, or a gladiator lesbian. 11/10"
,Recommended,261640,13458581,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TSM | Hayek,gud gaem
,Recommended,261640,21284973,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Captain Blyat,Oh boy a new borderlands game! Ok the pre-sequal its exactly what the name says. Its before BL2 aswell. Is it good? Well its not too diffrent from BL2 gameplay wise and is still fun with friends. Gets boring after awhile. Good story in my opinion. PhysX still has FPS issues.
,Recommended,261640,12851294,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ZmH,"I played this game for 38 hours and I love it its really good the specs for this game are good for all computers besides Windows Xp this game is not for that computer but for all of you that have the windows 7 and windows 8.1 and windows 8  this game is very good cause of the reasons Moon,Lasers,New Guns and New easter eggs but the cause of some lag to people is that the game sets the video and ect to the recommended so remember to change that but in all the game is sooo fun and if you play Borderlands and Borderlands 2 on Xbox or Pc or PS3  and then you play this game  its makes you wanna get more i beat the game yes on normal but not True Vault cause of the Bugs and Gliches that should be patched i really think if your misson is broken i think there should be a reset misson or something Still im giving this game a Really good Plus UP"
,Recommended,261640,13453886,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fluffykill,Its like borderlands 2 but in space.
76561198245232774,Recommended,261640,26304391,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Not Hacking,Its pretty dank
,Recommended,261640,13461832,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,chikenlover,10/10 would dance again
,Recommended,261640,20603044,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Oculyst_Owl,You can butt slam people. What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,261640,13767430,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CornChip,"hours of fun, if your not sure about this game i wasnt either but i tried it and i loved it. now what are you waiting for buy it already!"
76561198093432241,Recommended,261640,13793481,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Godot,"*DISCLAIMER*It is very easy to hate this game when you compare it to Borderlands 2, aside from a few rehashed legendary weapons, this is a different enough game that you can enjoy it. That said, having bought it for 59.99$ I feel that I might have spent a bit too much on it. This doesn't make it a bad game, but I encourage anyone who is looking to play it to seek a 40$ or below pricetag. Maybe buy the season pass as well, but for now none of the DLC is high enough quality to warrant purchase (aside from Handsome Jack, we'll talk more about that), While I do recommend this game, it's not perfect and isn't going to be fun for everyone.Pros:-Oz Kits are awesome, easily the most useful and fun mechanic added-Characters are (mostly) all balanced to be playable both solo and co-op-Characters converse with eachother, both on Elpis and Pandora. This adds a great degree of depth.-LASERS, easily some of the best weapons in this game-Action Oriented Tutorial, no more walking through a frozen tundra listening to Claptrap.-The Grinder. Save your loot, you can always trade it up to be better. You can even ""craft"" legendary weapons.Cons:-Non replayable. As far as I know, none of the DLC has added the ability to redo your TVHM playthrough. Yet.-Poor farming mechanics. For some people, this game is fun when they farm. A great deal fo enemies only appear once and happen to be the only way to acquire some legendaries apart from grinding.-Vehicle control. Borderlands has never been known to have terrific vehicles, but the moon buggy happens to control the worst yet.-LASERS, yes they're great but they also happen to overshadow a lot of other weapon types.-Handsome Jack. This is more of a personal issue. Easily the best character in the game now, taking the spot as soon as he was released. Being Jack makes the game easymode.-The Raid Boss... There isn't really one, some prefer to call it The ""Raid Boss"" as it's simply a beefed up version of the final bossThis is a fun game, if you liked previous Borderlands games this one is sure to keep your attention for a little while. After you complete your first and second playthrough however, there isn't much to do unless you find excitement in endless Alt+f4 to not lose your chance at farming legendaries. Legendary farming is an issue, as mentioned a lot of the enemies that drop legendary weapons only spawn once. Literally the very first boss you fight has a chance to drop a legendary weapon and you can only fight him once per playthrough.I can't stress enough, while I personally enjoy this game and would recommend it, it's really not a perfect game. At the very least you should be able to keep the fun around for the first two playthroughs. Any time after that is only as fun as you can make it, whether you're farming some loot or hooking up with friends to level new characters. I'd say the game is a solid 7/10. It's definitely worth playing, but not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,261640,25483470,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kx250Bandit,Borderlands 2 is better.
,Recommended,261640,23221785,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Carfunkle,"If you loved Borderlands 1 & 2 I have some good news for you.  Despite some mixed reviews I found The Pre-Sequel to be pretty entertaining.  While the story and cast aren't too interesting,  the gunplay, great new playable characters,  low gravity, and pretty new environments make it worth the price.  Also, this game can get pretty cheap during a sale so wait till then."
76561198004916972,Recommended,261640,23234500,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BLAZINGwaffle56,This game is amazing! On max settings this game beats a lot of modern games surprisingly.The story is comedic and intreaging.I love it and you will too (That was so cheesy)
,Not Recommended,261640,13726255,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,Honestly I think this is the best borderlands game yet. I love the characters (and realistically the characters are 90% of the entire game)The glitches in the game aren't that bad. Although I just spent about an hour wondering where to go and finally realized that I can just walk though a wall that was incorrectly drawn where I was. If you find yourself stuck...try walking through the walls apparently.I did the 'not recommend' just due to the difficulty of the 2nd playthrough. WAY too many instances of Super ememies spawning right on top of you doing an instant kill with no possible way to revive. It's crazy annoying and happening very frequently. The second playthough is the only way to grind up to max level and is one of the best parts of the game in my opinion.
,Recommended,261640,23440164,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Iseloom,I could've disabled Cel shading outlines for 20 extra fps but chose not to.Hardcore fan
,Recommended,261640,24592177,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR:Weakest link in the 3 Borderlands games but if you LOVED previous games, you will enjoy this one! If you have never played any BDL game, I'd suggest you play BDL1 & BDL2 before playing this one... or at least, get informed about the story or you'll be lost. Also, BDL1 and BDL2 are far superior games! Be prepared of lots and lots and lots and lots of grinding! The loot is quite poor too in normal mode; I'd expect AT LEAST more than one legendary item for crying out loud!PRE-SEQUEL?Basically, this game occurs after BDL1 and before BDL2... an ""in-between"" story. It was strange when that was announced that way but once you fire up the game, it's alright! You work for that ""Handsome Jack"", before he get's to be the megalomaniac as seen in BDL2. It is somewhat explained how he got to be like such an a$$hole!As every BDL games, you get new character class, that are very similar to BLD2. I played the game as the FRAGTRAP bot, same personality as the ""annoying"" CLAPTRAP, seen in BDL1 & BLD2. The dialogues were quite funny throughout the whole playthrough. Gearbox nails the humor in this game, the gameplay is mostly all solid and fun. The new ""MOON setting"" differs from previous BLD games, as you get to exploit Zero-G to your benefit.PLAYTHROUGH:Game was longer than expected and I did skipped many secondary quests as I found them to be more than annoying. Objectives set very far appart and the enemies keeps respawning all the time if you revisit a place. The loot is pretty bleak in Pre-Sequel. I haven't gotten ONE legendary item drop (except the cosmetic ""head piece"" that's unlocked at endgame) in the whole game. Quite pathetic! That is one of the biggest letdown which forces you to play in the ""Vault-Hunter Mode"", that makes the game harder and allegedly better loot. But I have no time in replaying the whole thing just for pointless loot now that I have finished the game!CO-OP:Same as other BDL games, the co-op possibilities are there if you so wish or you can always solo play (which I did since the game released back in 2014 and currently, I dunno anyone playing).PROS:+Humor!+Fun gameplay in the new Zero-G setting (only applies in space and on the Moon). The combat get's fun and interesting on the different ways you can kill enemies.+Fragtrap (Clatrap) character adds unpredictability whenever you use his special ability.+Pre-Sequel is all about JACK's STORY.+Voice acting and music is good+Visually speaking, the game get's the job done. Nothing spectacular but nothing bland either!+Replayability if you play with the CO-OP mode and if you do seek that Vault-Hunter mode+21:9 UltraWide and 1440p support and works good too.CONS:-GRINDING FEST... crap loot in the whole game mostly (in normal mode that is).-Bland side-missions. Mostly annoying and have you going around from many different places while the enemies always respawn. Very irritating...-BAD PACING: The story progression ain't well paced. Some chapters are too short and others too long which get's numbing.-Had many crashes in this game. Game just froze and had to hard-kill it from Task Manager. Nasty...-TOO RARE Legendary items (in my opinion, they are not enough. If you find more than 2 during a thorough gameplay, then you ARE lucky. Even the Slot Machines barely drop good stuff. I've done many quests and sadly, couldn't get more than 1. The loot and drops from fallen enemies aren't that great either.OVERALL:This game is more of the same formula established from previous entries, mainly BDL2. Sometimes, what isn't broken can be good but here, it doesn't add A LOT of ""new"" in the whole game. I am treating this game as an extention since it doesn't really feel like a true sequel.I've enjoyed the Pre-Sequel for the fun moments, but I also finished it thinking my time would’ve been better spent on one of the more original games that has released. Alas, The Pre-Sequel doesn’t do much to freshen what we’ve been playing since 2012.RECOMMENDATION:If you've played and liked previous Borderlands games, then you should enjoy this one!If you're new in Borderlands series, not only you'll feel lost in the story but clearly, this ain't the best BDL game. I'd highly suggest you play BLD2 for the gameplay alone as it is improved from BDL1! But if you jump right into Pre-Sequel, get informed and don't expect fantastic gameplay!"
76561198184891767,Recommended,261640,15934451,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Uncarryable,"Having played all the previous Borderland games, i came at this game with very high expectations. The trailers hyped me up and so did all the reviews i read/watched, and the moment my character crash landed in Helios Station, I knew, this game was the best buy I've had in my life. It's every thing you would expect from Borderlands, but in space! The dialogue was witty, and comedic. The views of space are almost real, and the gameplay is flawless. I've played this game for almost 100 hours now, and I've enjoyed every second. Playing with friends makes the game even better. But if you buy this game expecting a quick finish, you'll be disappointed. Once you beat the game, you have the opportunity to enter another playthrough, (which makes you play the game all over again, but you are able to keep your level and items) this game is a grinding game, almost like destiny, you have to play for hours to get good loot, level up, or just beat the game. For some, this isn't a problem but for others it feels like you are watching paint dry. I love Borderlands, and this new addition gives me hope for this franchise. This game has consumed my life, and I believe it can consume yours as well. ;)"
76561198054969338,Not Recommended,261640,15946925,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,WarSnacker,This game is a huge disappointment. Basically a DLC for borderlands 2. No real new content for season pass holder wtf is that???
,Recommended,261640,15827680,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Friends in 2017 LUL,"Downloadable content is going to make this game amazing. CMON, STEP IT UP, GEARBOX."
76561198125871848,Recommended,261640,33427162,Posted: 10 July,all,『          』,"if you are a fan of the other borderlands games (1 and 2 that is) this game is deffinitely recommanded. new weapon mechanics, new enemies, new balancing (here and there), no E-tech items, a lot of fun, and has a somewhat faster startup than bl1 and bl2"
,Recommended,261640,33454045,Posted: 11 July,all,Traktor,Personaly the best borderlands game
76561198042027077,Recommended,261640,33445433,Posted: 10 July,all,Dr. Assistant Homiside,"I love this game.Pros:Twists & Turns (Plot twists)The ActionThe Plot LineHow everything flows.Cons:I can't think of any.Overall:This game is really good. I love how it connects (eventually) with Borderlands 2. Such a great game! If you have played Borderlands 2, then I highly reccommend this game!"
,Recommended,261640,33108705,Posted: 1 July,all,The Flash,this game is good but it was not as good as bordelrand 2
76561198031295531,Recommended,261640,33110240,Posted: 1 July,all,aLphabeaT,Very underated but still satisfying.
76561198217955344,Recommended,261640,30785247,Posted: 27 March,all,lzs7777,The True Vault Hunter Mode    is NOT a single player game .......
,Not Recommended,261640,23618825,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Pepsi Man,As a long term fan of the Borderlands Series I was brutally disapointed by the Presequel
,Recommended,261640,19694906,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dr. Cheech,"This game is a hit or miss with players due to the fact that it is very different from BL2. I personally loved it just as much as BL2, but do wish there was more/better DLC. My favorite character to play as is Jack(the voice lines are a lovely bonus). I believe some people dislike it due to:1. Being unable to adjust to new game mechanics and therefor blaming it on the game2. Being overly picky and close-minded about how the game ""should"" beThis game is definitely not for everyone, but if you play it with an open mind and are willing to be more creative with your tactics, this game will most likely surprise you. A quick opinion for those of you who I may have offended with that second point, the day you make a game as big as this and with all the different features while trying to keep a company afloat, then you can bash this all you want with ""how it should have been."""
76561198109905460,Recommended,261640,14704805,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Devil'sFourtune,Moral ambiguity. Moral god-damn ambiguity.
,Recommended,261640,18686342,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ϟϟIch bin ein Schafϟϟ,Pretty ok
,Recommended,261640,13834119,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ÄciiDz™,SOLID!
76561198139893540,Recommended,261640,15228229,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mattgaming2000,95% positive on this game...
76561198109674360,Recommended,261640,25427132,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Elmo,"Hey, Thats pretty good!"
,Not Recommended,261640,13903174,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,B333nnnyyy,Borderlands:AwesomeBorderlands 2: AwesomePresequel:For 60 dollars? Nope.
,Recommended,261640,13842698,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Claptrap,is rly gud.
76561197996152400,Not Recommended,261640,13871229,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mausty,BL:TPS: worst $30 DLC ever.
,Recommended,261640,18278332,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MaysonD,"The Pre Sequel is like the Fallout New Vegas of Borderlands 2, or the Halo 3 ODST of Borderlands 2. It is played exactly like Borderlands 2 with a new story, characters, locations, and guns. It has the same HUD and even some returning characters. It also features a third ""health bar"" to go with your current health and shields. That being said, I can't find anything that B2 had that this doesn't.The game is set before Borderlands 2 and after Borderlands. You and a fresh set of vault hunters were hired by Handsome Jack, who seems to be a good guy in this one, to help fight against their aggressor. As revealed in the opening conematic, you are captured by the first game's vault hunters under suspicion for working for Jack. The whole game so far has a been a flashback account told by the vault hunter Athena.The four main hunters and the two DLC hunters are all unique in abilities. this is the first borderlands game I've felt inclined to try out all the charactes. Nisha has a sort of autoaim that can take out people quickly, Athena has her Aspis shield that can absord bullets and can be thron back for a powerful attack. Wilhelm has two drones that heal and attack, and the well known Claptrap has a myriad of powers that can activate depending on the situation. As for the two DLC characters, Aurelia is Hammerlock's sister who has an ice shard that can attack enemies, and Jack's body double can digi-struct clones to fight with him.The new health bar Oz that I briefly spoke of adds an interesting dynamic to the game, both in and out of combat. Out of combat, you must traverse the moon without emptying it. However it is extremely easy to replenish oxygen, so it's not frustrating. In combat, you can double jump to float above your enemies and then crouch in the air to smash into the ground. Every Oz tank you find has a different perk to them like bonuses in and out of an atmosphere.All things considered, The Pre Sequel is an old game taught new tricks, and it's all the better for it. It's the same as two so it's easier to transition between the two, and the new keeps it fresh for returning players."
76561198091080698,Recommended,261640,12753916,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,"Borderlands in space.Needless to say more, you HAVE to buy this game, it's a lot more fun with friends. Alone, i'd say 60 hours of gameplay, with friends, i bet you can achieve more then 120 hours."
,Not Recommended,261640,20056806,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Golliwog ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"worst pre order ever, allmost as dissapointing as mgs 5 was"
,Recommended,261640,13246527,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Doctor Freya,"Pretty fun game, good humor and stuff. Kind of like the rest of the borderlands, but still fun cuz coop xD."
,Recommended,261640,25508521,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Billy Bob Jr,Love This Gaem 10/10
,Not Recommended,261640,28668797,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ActionPoohole,"Such a bad game! I think this was designed to make Borderlands 3 look better!I'm Aussie and I don't sound like these bogans in The Pre Sequel. Having Aussies portrayed in this way is garbage. 2k Australia really stuffed this one up with the moon basically being Hardcore Outback Australia... Not normal Australia where us non bogan town dwellers live.Do you know how annoying that crap is for us? If you're not Aussie then imagine Borderlands 2 and virtually every single person you fight or talk with sounds like your country's version of your most chav, bogan, lad or redneck imaginable. We don't all sound like this. You'd find these kind of ""Aussie"" voices out in the middle of Alice Springs (Central Australia in the middle of the desert) where people walk along dusty dirty roads for miles and miles just to get to a corner shop and perhaps some randoms from inner suburbs.Anyway, apart from the annoying as hell voice overs that turn the moon into some bum ♥♥♥♥ Australia there are chronic issues with the game such as huge back tracking through mostly empty areas (meaning minimal combat) and way point indicators leading you constantly to the wrong place. You'll be above ground and the mission will be underground, but there are no preliminary indicators to get you to the entrance to buildings or caves etc... You just arrive at location then spend the next 5-10 minutes searching around for a freaking entrance.Also, the driving areas seem wrong... There are so many gaps that you jump that make you feel like you're going to end up in the lava sink and narrow areas that aren't designed for vehicles having vehicle spawners near them. You'll end up driving up so close to the edge of cliffs all the time that it just makes too much hazard when♥♥♥♥♥♥is exploding near you etc.The first boss fight didn't make much sense and was higilty pigilty... You basically worked out what was going on as the fight ended.I didn't get very far as I spent most of the time searching for missions and running around the town doing chores for bum Aussie idiots.This game could be better if you ignore the voices or don't care about them and if there was more combat between areas, less back tracking through the same empty areas and if the quests told you were to go properly.I just cannot recommend a game that is this incomplete, bogan and uninformative.2K Australia was shut down, and this game is probably the reason. They messed up.If you can deal with outback Aussies at every corner of the freaking game, tonnes of uninformative quest markers, random either too easy or too hard encounters and long trekking through empty moon craters etc... Then there are some good combat moments in the game.I just couldn't be bothered, the frustration wasn't worth it.. It's supposed to be a game, not a chore."
76561198058223844,Recommended,261640,27107613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Krunchy Kraut,"One rare case of ""hero turned villain by his own friends"",saying jack did nothing wrong is even kinda pausible."
,Recommended,261640,33081869,Posted: 1 July,all,atleast0,"Good, but just like the others plus low gravity.  If you needed more Borderlands, this does the job."
,Not Recommended,261640,16379743,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tlst,It's a Borderlands 2 expansion pack for 60$ with DLC. Damn good.
76561198111944715,Not Recommended,261640,13469925,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Archangel,"As a Borderland fan, im dissapointed.i Only like the story , the gameplay is prety much like the second borderland game. But i know that 2 K and gearbox now working with the new borderlands game , might give it a chance"
76561198065135168,Recommended,261640,12939562,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jimmy61622,fills in a crazy amount of holes from the first two games. plays just like bl2. good story although i imagine you wont enjoy it nearly as much without a good understanding of the prior games.
,Recommended,261640,25526176,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,tunadagger,Crocodile dundee in space with guns
76561197983225082,Recommended,261640,18363362,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,baddog993,Grapics still look good much like borderlands 2. Sounds is good. Lack of legends compared to BL2. The NPC's you meet are sadly mostly boring. The first NPC you meet besides Jack is a girl who is allright. The rest including a boy named Pickles are just boring. BL2 has the edge here. The game really needs  a Tiny Tina someone who is outrageous. They even toned down the guy who gives out upgrades on your backup and upgrades the amount of ammo you can carry.  The game has a low key feel to it.I am playing the girl with a captain america like shield. She is enjoyable. The game feels a lot easier then BL2. I find the humor is good and the missions you play are solid. If you enjoyed BL2 then I think you will like this game. I think it would be a lot more fun with a friend. Still a solid game.Just finished the game. The ending was ok. A little tedious in my opinion. The do re use weapons from BL2 they even stole the mission that the shotgun comes from. Remember the Octo 9 shotgun? You have to fight a tentacle monster to earn it. Still good but could have been so much better. No memorable characters that you want to interact with sadly.
76561198069662616,Recommended,261640,24238930,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ryth Darkbane,At last! I can kill Claptrap in every way I've ever wanted. Even if it is myself.10/10
,Recommended,261640,23083220,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,AZ19999,I killed millions of living beings on Elpis and Helios and I'm surprised i haven't been charged with genocide again.21/21
76561198035475928,Not Recommended,261640,33703546,Posted: 21 July,all,Erenel,"Long story short: it's not Borderlands 2, it lacks everything the previous one had, like the humor is not nearly as funny as in the other one.. the new features like 0 g, O2, ground slam, and laser rifle aren't that cool in my opinion.Only reason to play is if (like me) you loved the previous games and wanted more.. or if you want to hear some Claptrap's not-so-funny line while playing as it.7--/10 (and I'm a BL-fan)"
76561198042979824,Recommended,261640,20024794,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ZestyPeppy,"gud humo, gud fun, gud shooty fun, just gud fun."
,Not Recommended,261640,14006272,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Fauver,not worth it for being so expensive
,Recommended,261640,17584081,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,^*Rubseneter*^,"Got an 9001 dmg gun,Didnt kill the enemy instantly.10/10."
,Not Recommended,261640,30343967,Posted: 5 March,all,[BA] mpolder,"Before reviewing this game and getting a bunch of hate because i ""only played the game for 6 hours"". I finished borderlands 2 about 4 times. So I do kinda know what I'm talking about.Now here's the deal. Borderlands 2 was truly amazing, it had a good story (not amazing but enough to keep you playing) and excelled at it's level design. The enemies felt fun and unique and every so often shouted something towards you which ended up making you giggle in the process. This game pretty much turns everything that I loved on it's side and turns it into a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Here's what I don't like:- Space Theme (the f? At least keep part of it on Pandora)- Storyline that didnt keep me interested whatsoever, i just wanted to skip it all.- Level design looks good visually but isnt very pleasing to play on, getting lost happens very frequently and you'll have to make a ton of detours just because the map doesnt guide you and you run into a cliff that you were supposed to be on top of way earlier.- Levels contain TONS of death pits, to the point where some jumps will end in your demise because you didnt see the giant pit infront of you because of all the spiky rocks, especially combined with low gravity this is a ♥♥♥♥♥ from time to time.- Breathing... the ♥♥♥♥? Having to speedrun an area or run into a bunch of enemies because otherwise you'll run out of breath is the biggest ♥♥♥♥fest i've seen in a while and ends up being tedious quickly.Now please excuse me for saying this but the minor annoyances really stacked up for me and just made the game unenjoyable for me. Having to walk back for 5 minutes just because you couldnt cross a specific path from a certain direction is a bad habit and makes me really salty tbh.I am still very hyped for BL3 though, it looks like they're partially going to go back to what borderlands 2 was."
,Not Recommended,261640,30345814,Posted: 5 March,all,remm,"You'd think more Borderlands would be good, but in the end that's not really the case. The story is not that interesting, the side quests feel worse, everything is as predictable as it gets (oh, look, empty area, mobs will spawn). Good points for trying new things like lasers and low gravity, but in the end the gameplay feels even more unbalanced and lame than ever before ... Too bad."
,Recommended,261640,30549335,Posted: 16 March,all,Scrapper,"Overall, this is a good game, however at full price, it is not worth it. $40 is way to much for a game that has less content then Borderlands 2 and Borderlands 1 to an extent. It has 5 dlcs, 1 is a campaign, 2 are arenas, and 2 are character packs. Only pick up this game on sale, and buy it with holodome and claptastic voyage, otherwise it is not worth it at all. The cons out weigh the pros however.Pros-Well designed characters-Claptastic Voyage was an amazing DlCCons-Bland maps-1 campaign DLC-Short story-$40"
,Recommended,261640,19987806,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Slowest,"I wish there was a ""maybe"" option, for your recomendation on steam reviews because this game fits that perfectly.At the time of writing this i currently have 38 hours in the pre-sequel, 1000 hours in Borderlands 2 and about 150 in the original borderlands.Make sure to get the claptastic voyage DLC with this as it is in my opinion the best part of the game and tells an amazing story(even if you think claptrap is as annoying as F***).This is a good game overall (but I'm going to be a d*** and compare it to other borderlands titles). It's basically got the same core gameplay mechanics and looks as borderlands 2 (exept for with less gravity, and sadly no slag) But with some Very notable differences.First off, the story isn't nearly as good and well thought out as that of borderlands 2, but i do enjoy the player dialogue (especially the exchanges between jack and his doppelganger - If you have the DLC). The story has a much weaker ending and can sometimes get boring compared to the story in borderlands 2, which I attribute mostly to the lack of an awesome villian like handsome jack.Secondly, the gameplay, while definetly alot faster paced for the most part, didn't flow well in certain parts (especially while fighting SCAVS - AKA Sh**ty austrailian bandits). It is also worth stating that there are A LOT of flying enemies in this game, which, If you've played Borderlamds 2 you know are an absolute pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(It's also worth noting that the claptastic voyage somehow fixes this combat flow issue - but I'm too lazy to go and figure out why).In conclusion, this game is good, but doesn't live up to the standards of the other 2 borderlands games - I'd suggest buying it on sale accompanied by the Claptastic Voyage and possibly the Doppelganger DLC.Compared to other games (7.5/10)Compared to other borderlands games (-420/69)Also, Listening to Pickle makes me puke my F***ing guts out (Just thought that would be a helpful review point)."
76561198034819203,Not Recommended,261640,26110180,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,chuamishael,"No. it felt really Dull.  if this is the first time you play borderlands, then you might enjoy it. but  the side quest felt so tedous.I'm not saying it's a bad game. it has it's own good, and I like the vehicles. however, ther are more to say on this, but first, I thought the jumping was fun until it gives you side quest to acutally jump like supermario just to get those stupid hidden echo devices. I mean you require those timings to get them which is annoying. supermario is a platform game which is fine. but this is a shooter game. it isn't well made.    there is another side quest ask you to donate freaking 50 common weapons in the middle of nowhere... I mean serously?For me. BL2 is the best, and I always love the characters of BL1.  in pre-sequel... bleh...   I feel so Burn out when playing this game. I'm not even sure who the writer is.  you know what??  I suddenly just felt like other casual games on steam are more fun than this.   Im taking a break. Im NOT finishing this game at the moment.  you saw me only 12.8  hrs. but I play fast and hit hard.   Im really taking a break from this.. never felt so Burn out .Not recommened on full price.    5/10these guys who make this pre-sequel is NOT the same as the prevous guys. they are australian developers. and the australian company is closed"
,Recommended,261640,26341603,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Coover000#5109,"The sequel of the famous Borderlands series. It's named 'the pre-sequel' because the story happens between Borderlands and Borderlands 2. Now you can try 4 brand new characters with unique skills in battle (although I played as the DLC character, Jack's body double, for most of the time), and a new weapon type- laser guns, which is cool and useful(I really like it). The story is way shorter than Borderlands 2's, but you can still call it 'story-rich'.Learn some history of Pandora and its moon, Hyperion and the Vault. Also get to know how Jack became the villain, how Wilhelm and Nisha joined his side, and what Claptrap's story was. Well, there's still little about Angel's past, though.During the story, there're many dialogues that you can enjoy. Also play a lot to get orange, legendary weapons and shields. (Pew pew pew! Lasers are the best!) Rate it 9 laser headshots out of ten.It should be 9.5 but you cannot get a half headshot, you know.BTW, I like Nisha"
,Recommended,261640,29315366,Posted: 17 January,all,Pim,It's alright for what it is. Just don't expect too much. It's Borderlands 2 in space with additional weapons and modifications to weapons. Brings back the old Borderlands 2 silliness.
,Recommended,261640,31780362,Posted: 15 May,all,Forsaken_Shiki,My reviews are simple. I think its fun. This completes my review.
,Recommended,261640,27652024,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RaihanP,Eh
,Recommended,261640,33820711,Posted: 26 July,all,FastLawyer,"I really don't want to not recommend this game, but I would recommend you play Borderlands 1 or 2 instead.  This game just loses something from the prior titles.I think it just feels like uninspired development.  The story is not very interesting.  The guns are pretty much the same as prior titles.  The enemies are pretty much the same from prior titles.  The only real difference are the protagonists do play differently with different abilities.  And of course, the big change, is that you're playing in space with little gravity and oxygen.That sounds like fun.  But it isn't.  Just adds to unnecessary difficulty in trying to locate and kill enemies.  I did finish the game on console and played as claptrap which was a big mistake.  Sure a few good one-liners whilst playing, but he's got very crappy abilities.Still, at heart it's still a boderlands game and still can be fun with friends when it's not getting in the way of itself.Rating: 5/10, buy on a deep sale for less than $5"
76561198032317640,Recommended,261640,12511274,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,grislexian,"An FPS with RPG elements.  Excellent characterization and a highly entertaining story.  The standout mechanic might be the randomized weapon drops:  Each weapon, though random, is fashioned from distinct identifiable components.If you're new to the franchise, I suggest picking up BL2 first, as it's cheaper and quite similar.That said, if you enjoyed Borderlands 2 you'll enjoy The Pre-Sequel.  There are fun new mechanics (low gravity movement & managing breathable oxygen), while the character banter and humor of BL2 have been retained.My biggest complaint is that while BL2 felt like a great leap beyond the quality and scope of BL1, BL3 feels like a holding pattern, albeit a comfortable and enjoyable one."
,Recommended,261640,12510269,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,LordDracarys,"Don't be upset that it's the same Borderlands, Instead be freaking pumped that it's BORDERLANDS!!! It's a great game, While I get frustrated at the jumping mechanics sometimes, it's just because I suck. The game itself is a lot of fun and the I'll be playing the heck out of this game for  a while."
,Recommended,261640,12511032,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,BloodNDeception,"Not too bad of a game, it's a worthy recommendation, it's much like Borderlands 1 & 2, but with added a few mechanics. Something I find interesting is it isn't hard to run, so for those curious, it should run rather smooth for you, well unless this franchise never ran ""smooth"" enough for you. Like I mentioned, some of the new mechanics take getting used to, but it doesn't mean that they are bad, I would say this game deserves it's praise, as well as your money if you have been a fan of the first two games."
,Recommended,261640,27998543,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Danny kickback.com,"There is no way this game is as good as Borderlands 2, but it still has tons of gameplay and can provide hours of fun.Be sure to get this game, if you already own the first two, but still favour borderlands 2 over this."
,Not Recommended,261640,29105559,Posted: 7 January,all,AerusXV,"One of the games that got me like ""WTF tats it?!""Get borderlands 2 don't buy this one"
76561198023588258,Not Recommended,261640,15423368,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xeno,"As excited I was for this game I just can't get into it.  The story is so lackluster that I couldn't care less about it.  The classes are boring, they all feel like hybrid classes and none of them really match my play style.  Worst of all I think is the new low gravity feature.  Instead of fast paced gun battles like in Borderlands 2 you now spend half the time shooting clay pigeons because everyone is floating all over the place.  I thought it was a really dumb idea to begin with and the way it was executed was terrible.  I loved Borderlands 2 and still play it but I just can't get behind this game.  I hope the game developers learn their lesson and make Borderlands 3."
76561198068255615,Recommended,261640,12505544,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Oatmeal,"Well i wish there was an middle thumb because i love this game but i may have to carry out my fun with free roaming. On the mission ""A new Direction"" I get stuck at killing the gat guards, when i kill every last soul in that area it still says i haven't killed all the enemies. I can't progress through the campaign with this glitch. So im not very happy with how this game is so far. please fix this"
,Recommended,261640,12718917,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,GoddoJJ,"It's a fun gun lotting game. Basically diablo in a first person perspective with a lot of action and humor (a lot of sadistic humor). If you don't like grinding for loot this ain't the game for you, but the story is prett darn good in this game. If you liked the first two, I'd say play for the story."
,Recommended,261640,28965087,Posted: 2 January,all,SammyP6,Its like borderlands 2 but in sapce.you have lower gravity so you can jump higher but you need to watch your oxegen tank
,Recommended,261640,26743270,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,PHOENIXFIRE,nisha is in itbretty good game
,Not Recommended,261640,16606912,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RetroBlast,"Plus: It's more Borderlands. Minus: It's just more Borderlands -- nothing new, same engine, and bad level design with tons of glitches. I had quest items drop through the floor more than once, and even managed to sink through a building while riding in a vehicle. It's a sloppy expansion pack, but it does scratch that Borderlands itch."
,Recommended,261640,30357842,Posted: 6 March,all,sit and look pretty,"It's meh, borderlands 2 is still way better then this. But u get to be claptrap so i would say yes."
,Recommended,261640,29639435,Posted: 1 February,all,boco-bot,"Not the most stellar of a standalone game, it would've been much better recieved if it were a DLC for BL2, especially since almost all of the assets from this game were taken from it. Still a fun game if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,261640,23373646,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Hactavish,"i know it's not better than Borderlands 2 but, Steve Irwin gave you pokeball to catcth creature in this game and that was awesome."
,Recommended,261640,23849428,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dropxofxpoison,"Having spent a ton of time playingBorderlands 2,I immediately wanted the next game in the series because I liked the style so much, and knowing that there would be a ton of Handsome Jack in this one, I was doubly thrilled. After reading some of the negative reviews, I was a little hesitant, but I ultimately ignored them and waited for the Summer Sale, during which I purchased the game and season pass bundle for $20.99, adding on the Shock Drop Slaughter Pit for $2.49 because it wasn't included.I started the game, and my fears were unfounded because it holds as much charm as the previous game with the same kind of humor we've come to expect from Gearbox Software. Plus, if you spring for the DLC, you can be Handsome Jack's body double, which is incredibly awesome.I mean, yeah, there are a ton of Australian accents, but there are plenty of characters who don't speak with it. If listening to this kind of accent for a while bothers you, you might find yourself wanting to mute the voices. But if it doesn't bother you, it's a worthy successor (or predecessor, as it is thePre-Sequel) toBorderlands 2.The game is full of funny moments, and I have to say that moon jumping isaddicting as hell!Another thing that seems small but really made a difference was that the character you play actually has input for the choices he or she makes while doing the quests. (I wasn't used to this, so when my character, who is the body double of Handsome Jack, was receiving ECHOs from Jack, for a short time I thought he was talking to himself. Haha.) Also, in speaking of tiny changes that made a difference, you now have the option to sell all non-favorited items at a vending machine with a single press of a button, although you still can't replenish all ammo with a single button. Nonetheless, I'm content with that.All in all, it is a fun game, and I'm very happy I gave it a chance. Great addition to my game library and something to hold me over untilBorderlands 3!"
,Recommended,261640,16747884,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dr.Opi |-@-|,"This game good, lots of shooty and things go boom boom. People say funny things and make me haha. You buy this game now and haha shooty boom boom yourself."
,Recommended,261640,17174697,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Bruh,">Great space setting, great represntation of space physics>Great vehicle design>Great voice acting>Great soundtrack, especially in the trailer>Fantastic multiplayer>Fantastic graphics>Watch how one small, stone relic completely changes the fate of a universe!Yup... Homeworld remastered sure looks great, doesn't it?"
,Recommended,261640,17206465,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Spooky lord of decay,Pros:-New movement system is great for dominating the battlefield from above.-Story voicelines from the main characters helps to keep the game going.-Wilhelm is the BEST VAULTHUNTER EVER!!!!! if you count his kinda boring personality. But if built corectly he is next to impossible to kill.-Cryo is like slag on steoroids... IT ABSOLUTELY WRECKS FACE!!!!!!-Laser-weapons ROCK!!!Cons:-Humor is not at the best(compared to previous games)-Airborn movement can be a bit clumsy.-Assaultrifles are HEAVILY outclassed by Laser-weapons-The true vaulthunter upgrade is too pricey.-The pre-Sequel did not bring back the insane weapons from Borderlands 1OverallThis game is AWESOME!!! But a few things could have been done different.
76561198074138740,Recommended,261640,22768588,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,richieshim/Senpai,"This is a great game for anyone that's a fan of this franchise. Although it may be more like a dlc than an actual game, it's still fun. There are plenty of jokes and good combat with addicting gameplay. Overall i would recommend this game to anyone that loves borderlands"
76561198034175961,Recommended,261640,23354219,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,gdignon,"Very similar to Borderlands 2 with a couple added features. I definitely enjoyed the game, but in my opinion, it doen't live up to its  predecessor. All in all, a good experience, but don't get it if you're looking for something different from Borderlands 2."
76561198007848054,Recommended,261640,15226328,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Seyaku-Brad,They had me at final countdown.
76561198094167454,Recommended,261640,16514259,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,world renowned xc superstar,"Someone said they would buy me a ticket to australia, but this is what I got..."
,Not Recommended,261640,22292298,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Boarovina,"Gosh. This is a case where I wasn't expecting much, and even those expectations were barely met - and I played it in co-op which should always be more fun when it comes to this franchise! The visuals were obviously upgraded (Physx was put to great use here) and the humor was still OK, but other than that, it just didn't cut it for me. Thankfully it's a somewhat shorter experience than B2, because it *really* started to drag towards the end of the game. Confusing level design is to blame, definitely.A very uneven experience, but I can somewhat recommend it to the people who aren't burned out on the franchise yet, and only to them. Borderlands veterans should either stay away or wait for a major discount, like me."
76561198092667787,Recommended,261640,22817819,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,drclaw,"A super fun twist on the BL formula.  I loved playing as a merc for Jack when he was a not-quite-evil-yet goofball, seeing the background here was really interesting.  I personally prefer BL2's atmosphere (MAWAHAHA), but I do think TPS has better balanced max stats for randomly generated weapons.  Oh yeah, and being able to find legendaries in vending machines and grind your fancy weapons when your cash is maxed out is super useful.  Hopefully if they include a grinder in BL3 there will be a bit less randomness involved though.  Being able to methodically craft specific items would have been nice.  All in all, a very fun game, though I'd prioritize playing through BL2 first if you haven't yet."
,Recommended,261640,24329524,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KATA-,"It has its ups and downs. All in all - if you like BL games, you will like BL:PS. The charm and the uniqueness is still there. It doesn't offer much interesting new content besides laser weapons (which are mostly terrible, but a select few are overpowered), but overall, it's still fun and I had a good time. Only thing I did not have a good time with was what happens after level 50 (max level is 70). XP rate is fine up until 50, but then, someone had a GENIUS idea to cut the XP gain rate by about 90% or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ It went from you ""kill a badass, and your XP bar fills up a little"" to ""you kill 100 badasses, and your XP bar fills up so little you can't even notice it"". Just why? Story mission XP is still scaled properly, why not monsters XP? All this does is force the player who wants to get from 50-70 to repeatedly speed-run select portions of the story, which is MIND-NUMBINGLY BORING, and made me quit the game. Where's the satisfaction of the reaching max level? The satisfaction of end-game gear farming? End game builds? Well, unless you cheat, those are not things you will achieve in a reasonable amount of time witih this game.P.S. Relationship spoilersJamey x Athena is literally the cutest thing ever, though...<33"
,Recommended,261640,17344206,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Stormydove,"This game is terriffic. Just as fun as Borderlands 2 but with space jumps, air crits and all kinds of new pervy humour. The only downside so far is some of the art is fuzzy or not optimized but it's not a big deal.Loving the characters so far and I even picked Nisha who seems to be hated as a playable character. I am loving her as I am sniping everyone with headshots.Very fun game so far, story is excellent, can't wait for BL 3."
,Recommended,261640,17355277,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Caram,Is good
76561197992156318,Recommended,261640,22745059,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,R'hllor,Well... where do I start with this game.........is more of the same.
76561197990570457,Recommended,261640,30381872,Posted: 7 March,all,BigdanSMASH,A really good game. It's only downfall is that it's predecessor (Borderlands 2) was far superior. Definitely worth a try when on sale though. 7/10
,Recommended,261640,29995137,Posted: 17 February,all,Glock Lesnar,The third one is always the worst
76561198020950786,Recommended,261640,30021524,Posted: 18 February,all,Jerka,"So far its a great game, not as good as BL2 or even BL1, but its worth the money.I would recommend getting the Doppleganger DLC since its really fun to play."
76561198046328292,Recommended,261640,12508745,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,illidansblade,"Borderlands the pre sequel is just as much a borderlands game as any other.First off i will start by saying i see a lot of people writing reviews about this game when they have only around 7-10 hours logged, if you have played any borderlands you know that is hardly scratching the surface. Hell i have hardly scratched the surface.First off everyone is most likely tearing into this game for its low gravity physics, as a person who hates when you float willy nilly in space i was worried as well. I was also worried about scrounging around for oxygen forever, but it turned out fine. You can control your self perfectly with the mid air boost and there is such an abundance of places to get oxygen its not even a concern, even if you run out the health ticks away so slow that you have plenty of time to find some. If you are worried that you will be moving slow just keep air boosting, you move faster and really you dont have to worry about its consumption of oxygen, its just a little deviation off your path to get some. The floating about is counteracted by the ability to butt slam, if you feel you have gone to high or want to redirect yourself then ground slam, then you can take off from the ground and air boost in the wanted direction. I actually like the low gravity as it adds a new layer to combat, you can actually shoot mid air, and the butt slamming is really fun as you can just run around and try to launch people off of cliffs.Secondly, I see a lot of complaints about the ui and graphics not being changed, and all i have to say is ""if it isn't broke, then why fix it."" I don't really hear a lot of complaints about the b2 ui in b2 because the ui is fine, its not annoying and really the only issue with it is the scrolling glitch you can get. The graphics are borderlands, hell i would have been upset if they had changed it, personally i don't understand where people are coming from with this arguement since borderlands has always had this unique look so i dont have much to say against them.Now story wise I really like this story, it explains what went on between 1 and 2 obviously but i also got to see some great character developement from Jack. Then there are the new npc's and they did a great job with them as well, there was no npc i really disliked talking to because of a lack of personality and they laid off of having all of the old characters do all the talking as well, so you are not constantly talking to people who already had their spotlight, you are talking to all new personalities aside from a few. I feel as though if they had tried to fit this into a dlc it would be only the main story missions and i feel like the would take a lot away from this game, sure we would still see the development of jack but we wouldnt be able to get the full story on people like springs, zarpedon, hell even jack has a few side missions where you learn how he came up with the stuff he used against us in borderlands 2.For my last point i will point out some of the things in this game that are lackluster. First off i have started off in TVHM as melee athena but i feel like if i wasn't melee athena i would be in quite alot of trouble, it feels as though the player/weapon scaling is not equal to the enemy scaling, there was a huge spike in difficulty. There are definately bugs, i have fallen through walls and floors, i got stuck behind a invisible wall once, but those are in every borderlands if anyone ever claims it different then they have not played the borderlands series.Short and sweet versionThe low gravity and worry of slow movement is counteracted by mobility and buttslam, low gravity adds dimensions to combat that are rather fun such as launching people off of cliffs, and oxygen is present everywhere, no need to worry about itCharacter and story development would not have been as good if they tried to cram it into a dlc, and the story and character development is awesomeGraphics and ui were not changed because they were not broken, still looks and feels like borderlands which is what im sure a lot of people wantThe same bugs are present that are present in every borderlands such as falling through floors/walls etcThere is a huge spike in TVHM and weapon scaling/player scaling does not seem to match itI give this game a 9/10 because they managed to pull off mechanics that some games get ruined by, Still is borderlands(shoot kill loot) New faces, and the new faces are cool characters, TVHM just feels a little unbalanced, probably my favorite story out of all of the borderlands, tells me a lot about what happened and I really learned a lot about Jack who is probably one of the strongest personalities in the game."
,Not Recommended,261640,17271205,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zen,can i still refund this?
,Recommended,261640,21911385,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,✪MajorRampage,This game is amazing. Just get it.
,Recommended,261640,21575880,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Crimbles,"Overall, this game is more of a continuation to Borderlands 2 than anything else. Does this mean it's a necessarily bad game? No, not at all. If you liked Borderlands 2, you will most likely find this enjoyable as long as you don't expect it to be something more. However, if you're trying to decide between the Pre-Sequel and Borderlands 2, 2 is probably the way to go."
76561198100164250,Recommended,261640,32794839,Posted: 25 June,all,Lozzyklingers,"Never, never, never, never, never listening to you Steam negative review ♥♥♥♥♥♥ heads again...."
,Recommended,261640,32559281,Posted: 19 June,all,reied,"i always thought borderlands jumps were way too floaty, so when they went and the pre-equal even floatier they actually tried to make it bearablebuttslam should be in everything"
,Recommended,261640,12802808,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cull,Great game
76561198006281665,Not Recommended,261640,12712630,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Noor,wNzctAKgyqh2GDkpcCctQGCbdfvjb5Pr1Hcz8eyJBayuS4pW8KH0VmpEhkGih68YiuOdgKEIbPZnIEzYWMBEYl6PC8Q7Mfe22Y1cmtMHPJtdYs9400ylvKCZ2KZRLekSHoE19GsQIMYfYl9PeAyjFC45ibJPZs7KBhEULgCYZgB0Xm2xEncFq7v5jCbJvxq67wubxPgBn6noGwseLZcPz4dqUPC9rNYxOK8LBQ6ALO7C22wfyCi1U5T8Zf7fyX4rJFtTerM3AIbJF61WgQBFheRk3UiAIlKJFPPk54UgPYlzZ20r9bOE9MAAcwmHUeJmA7yJWPLgOWylRSKor1BzaIaXBdmWABTCrUNQJ7yLWDeV6xmY6wmtCrDgsiLN0pjMI0YFec7bXztCTnGmkVDaCtFEc19QgaUaI1HPGMhvz71sYWO02VQvPoUU6wuesZ0quJ5v96d3AHD
,Recommended,261640,12715953,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,HairyGrenade,"This new borderlands game is totally worth it in my opinion. People complaining about the UI being the same as well as pacing problems and so on make no sense what so ever. You can cleary recognize all those issues in the gameplay shown before the games release. This game for huge borderlands fans like myself is very good. This new borderlands game has a good story and does a great job telling what happened before The first borderlands and the second (This game is placed in between both.)I do wish the UI was altered atleast a little bit, but the UI being the same isn't that big of a deal, content is. Pre-order bonus was pretty fun, but I wish there was a little more to it. They also already annouced that 4 DLC's will be coming out for this and who knows what else they will add in the future. There are tons of new guns and the combat is very well done, I have fun just killing eneimies trying to get XP. Now that I'm lvl 50 I like to join other's games and help them out on the campaign. This borderlands is the ony one I could do True Vault hunter mode on and enjoy every bit of the story once again.Side quests add so much to the game and there is a good chunk of side quests to do while doing the main story. It took me 18 hours to complete the whole game (Main story and side quests.) The Stingray vehicle is my personal favorite vehicle in all of the borderlands, it is very fun to drive and you won't want to get off it. The new Cryo weapons that freeze enemies are really addicting to use, There's just something about freezing an enemy and shattering their remains in ice shards that satisfy me.The Low gravity is fun to use all over the map to make epic jumps to get loot chests that seem like they are impossible to get to as well as jump pads that boost you high in the air. The game now has O2 kits or Oz kits that give you a supply of oxygen to use a second boost or ""Double Jump."" Although they help get you places faster the Oxygen will get lower everytime you use it and will replenish when you activate an Oxygen bubble or go into a building that is protected with an Oxygen door. AND WHO DOESN'T LIKE THE BUTT SLAM. The butt slam feature is something I use in almsot every battle, Same elemental effect as guns there is corrosive, cryo, burning, and shock ones you can get and upgrade. The butt slam is connected to your Oz kits which you can upgrade and get a higher supply of Oxygen to use.There's also a new feature in the game you can use called the ""Grinder"" This will let you try numerous recipes of 3 wepaons that you put in the grinder. If it's a recipe press ""Q"" to grind it and it will pop out a new weapon from the 3 weapons you put in. (You can get a legendary from the grinder by putting 2 legendary guns in and 1 purple. Creating a legendary gun in the grinder is an achievement"" While using the grinder, what ever weapon type is on the bottom box (3rd gun) will be the weapon type you get. So if it's a pistol on the bottom you will grind together a pistol etc.P.S. The inventory bug is in this game as well.Overall, I give this game an 8 out of 10, Pacing issues as we all know, same UI, and inventory bug."
76561198024087134,Recommended,261640,12788247,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tuniki,"somewhat short and small for a whole new game, but if you are a fan of the series you should find this an enjoyable and very informative story being told. All the same borderlands fun you remember from the 2nd game with a few more aditions, the characters feel like  they digi-structed parts from all other previous vault hunters and they got mixed up trying to put them back together.If you aren't the biggest borderlands fan you might want to wait for some DLC or a price drop before investing in a whole new game/ big expansion."
,Recommended,261640,12866678,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,cruinne,"I've been playingBorderlands: The Pre-sequelsince its release in October with a co-op partner.  This past weekend, we finally finished the main game, and now have gone back again in True Vault Hunter Mode to see what that has in store for us.We've been having alotof fun with the game.  The game does not have a lot of big UI or engine differences fromBorderlands 2, except for four, and those range from pretty fun to really fun.The AdditionsFirst, they've introduced cryo as an element type: after you freeze then melee-shatter your first enemy, you'll be hooked too.Second, large areas of the game are low gravity, which means your character can jump a long, long way.  In combination with the Oz kits (oxygen kits for breathing in those areas without air), the low gravity also allows for double-jumps (for extra floaty spacetime fun) and for gravity slams (""butt slams""), where you power your character downward from a low-gravity jump by releasing oxygen from their kit and then slam into the ground, knocking back any nearby enemies.  (Oz Kits also come with elemental modifications so you can do, for example, electrical or corrosive butt slams.)Third, they've included a new weapon type: lasers.  Lasers vary anywhere from single-shot and burst-shot varieties into a full, continuous beam I like to call ""firehose mode"", which can be a great deal of fun, too -- just point and spray damage at your enemies.Fourth, but not least, there is a new vehicle -- the Stingray.  There is the standard two-person, four-wheeled vehicle which, inB:TPS, called the Moon Buggy (or the Moon Zoomy). but the Stingray is a single-person hovercraft that can jump and slam; think of it like a space bike.The Characters and ClassesThere are four classes to play in the base game; as they introduce them, we have Athena as the Gladiator, Wilhelm as the Enforcer, Nisha as the Lawbringer, and Claptrap as a Mistake.Athena you may remember as an NPC fromThe Secret Armory of General KnoxxDLC.  Athena's skills focus on shotgun and SMG, with her special ability being the Aspis, a shield that absorbs damage coming from in front of her and can be thrown to deal damage — in fact, this shield is why her preferred weapons are the point-and-shoot variety rather than the precise-aiming variety since, with the Aspis out, she cannot zoom in for a scoped shot.Wilhelm you may recall as an NPC fromBorderlands 2where he was the first major boss faced by the Vault Hunters in that game.  Wilhelm's skills focus on heavy weapons, especially lasers (but he's pretty good with all guns).  His special ability is Wolf and Saint: Wolf is an aggressive attack drone and Saint is a passive support drone, and they can get quite powerful.Nisha may be remembered as the Sheriff of Lynchwood inBorderlands 2.  Her general focus is on pistols, and her special ability, Showdown, puts her in an auto-aim mode that drastically increases her gun damage, fire rate, accuracy, reload speed, and bullet speed.  Her skill tree allows her to dual wield pistols, as well, though she does loose the right-mouse aim mode when doing this.Finally, there's CL4P-TP, who needs really no introduction as Claptrap.  Except he's actually FR4G-TP -- the same Claptrap as the Interplanetary Ninja Assassin Claptrap from theClaptrap's New Robot RevolutionDLC.  Was he meant as a serious character and class?  It's hard to say but do note that in choosing Claptrap as your character, you have to confirm  more than once that this is what you really want to do.  Claptrap's special ability is VaultHunter.EXE, a somewhat random collection of things that occur when the ability is triggered -- some may be quite effective, others humorous, and some potentially disastrous.  His skill tree is equally ludicrous, with specializations of ""Boomtrap"" (explosive damage and guns), ""I Love You Guys!"" (support), and ""Fragmented Fragtrap"" (rewarding versatility and adaptability as his strengths and weaknesses periodically change).The MilieuB:TPStakes place on Pandora's moon, Elpis, and on the Hyperion space station that you can see in the sky in the other Borderlands games (you know, that giant H-shaped satellite by the moon).  Time-wise, the story takes place betweenBorderlandsandBorderlands 2-- in playingB:TPSyou get to find out what happened to Brick, Mordecai, Lilith, and Roland from the original game in the immediate aftermath of the Vault's opening, and what made Handsome Jack (and Wilhelm and Nisha) into the characters you meet inBorderlands 2.  Some old favorites make appearances as well -- Moxxi in particular shows up as the proprietor of Moxxi's Up Over (a pub on the moon).  It can be a little confusing at first, though, because the story you're experiencing is actually being told to Lilith by Athena after the events ofBorderlands 2.While the bulk of Pandora's denizens in the first two games are voiced with American accents, Elpis is, apparently, Pandora's Oceania.  A good many of the accents are Australian, and a lot of the jokes and references are Australian, too.  This is fairly pervasive, from the O2 kits being called ""Oz Kits"", place names such as Burraburra, and ""Springy Shiela"" grenade mods, to talk of billabongs, jumbucks, and tuckerbags, and a roving enemy known as the Swagman.  While some people seem to really hate this aspect of the voice acting and find the thick Aussie accents distracting or annoying, I find it pretty charming and a nice change from the North American hicks and rednecks ofBorderlandsandBorderlands 2.The GameThe game itself seemed a little short to me, but not so short that it's ""just another DLC"" as some complain.  It can actually take a lot of time to do all the side quests and to work on challenges and achievements, if you're a die-hard completionist.  The extra game features and four new classes add enough that it's definitely a whole new game in the franchise.  I think the ""too short"" impression mostly comes about because the writing in the latter third or fourth of the game seems rushed and a little disjointed, and those story missions are prone to push, push, push you through too far quickly if you let their intense urgency get to you.There are some annoying aspects.  There are bugs that really should've been worked out by now, and by this I primarily mean mobs clipping into walls where they can shoot your character but not, apparently, be shot by your toon.  And it's bad that it's so damned easy to fall through the scenery and die that I've done it at least a dozen times just in the course of normal hunt-for-Vault-symbols style exploration.  A few days ago my co-op partner and I took down one of the ""secret"" boss mobs only to find that it was bugged, and didn't spawn the exit it was supposed to, and so our characters had to die to get out of its lair which shouldn't happen.  My co-op partner and I also found a too-large number of Challenges that could only be triggered by one character in the zone (we had to reload the zone for the other of us to be able to get it) and at least one that I have not been able to complete even though he got the completion on it when my character picked up the fifth of the five necessary items.Still, if you like the Borderlands series, this is more of the same and you will enjoy it, and it's a very fun ride to boot."
76561198094420966,Recommended,261640,12509977,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,pizzamouse45,if you like borderlands 2 and your not sick of it yet this game will be fun if you are starting to hate borderkands 2 you may want to stay away it feels like bl2 and looks like it but there are a few litttel tweaks were you dont really notice when they are there but when you go back to bl2 you are going to notice
,Recommended,261640,12786087,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Evee,"the gameplay is excellent, the humor is still there but what makes it better than the first two is the fact nealy everyone is Australlian, it is amazing, funny and even though i have around 10 hours play time right now, i can see me matching, if not beating my 120ish hours on borderlands 2 with the pre-sequel <3 just love it"
76561198070800079,Recommended,261640,12800185,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,(>0_0)>,"Isn't bad, isn't great, grab it on sale. If you loved the other games, you won't have a bad time."
76561198029730104,Recommended,261640,12830319,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,masterpip26,I just want to say for the Borderlands people out there that this is another great game in the compilation so far! It is fun and keeps right up with the first two. I'd recommend this game to anyone!
76561198047579628,Recommended,261640,12701099,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ChuckVanStalloneEnegger,"A perfect 12/10 for me and my friends that have played it. It is essentially an interactive action comedy. The sheer ridiculousness of it always keeps me entertained, and if not laughing out loud, at the very least chuckling to myself. If you liked either of the other 2 Borderlands titles this one will do you a solid by keeping the core idea intact, while providing new dynamics of gameplay. For me personally, it is currently rocking my balls off"
,Recommended,261640,12738814,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,jexreffy,"The biggest knock from a lot of people on The Pre-Sequel is that it feels like an overpriced DLC pack for Borderlands 2. There really is no escaping that reality for this game. The new Vault Hunters classes are good and don't feel like derivatives from previous classes. While low gravity, butt stomps, laser weapons, and cryo elemets are nice add ons, there not really that much of an evolution on the gameplay. The story in the game isn't as good as Borderlands 2, but it's not bad. The music isn't as good as it has been in the past, but it never detracts from the moment to moment action.That said, I would still recommend this game because while it is more of the same, that same was really good. I came into Borderlands late and didn't get to co-op through either Borderlands 1 or 2 with a lot of my friends. My attitude going into the game was I wanted more Borderlands 2 to co-op with the friends that I didn't get to co-op with the first time around, which is what I got with the Pre-Sequel. I would recommend this to any veteran Vault Hunters.  If you're new to the Borderlands universe, I would recommend going though Borderlands 2 before you head into The Pre-Sequel."
,Recommended,261640,12758586,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BrodoBaggins,"New characters, new game mechanics, same 'ol humor. Never change Borderlands, we love you just the way you are.10/10"
76561198095912240,Not Recommended,261640,12766490,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Executive McClane,"Same jokes. Same uninspired missions. Worse programming. Lots of issues during missions; doors not opening, inability to hand things to or take things from NPCs. At level 24 and had to restart 7 times to get missions to play through properly."
76561198080589580,Recommended,261640,12511199,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,GhastLY,"Best Borderlands game of the three (Borderlands, Borderlands 2, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel)!"
,Not Recommended,261640,12865913,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nikes,"Beyond disappointed. Huge fan of BL1 and BL2.This isn't a BL game. It's a shoddy knock-off with awful writing, and almost nothing going for it.Avoid this♥♥♥♥♥♥at all costs, and hope that Gearbox doesn't let the Ozzies at their IP again."
76561198096255948,Recommended,261640,12693489,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,I'm Helping,"Game is good, get game"
,Recommended,261640,12711856,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Airman,"This game has shown minor differences to the Borderlands series, but not many major ones. This is quite good for someone who has adored the series as much as I have. Some of the old items for Borderlands 2 have returned like the Flakker and Maggie. The lasers are absolute fun to use and easy to use. This game has scored a 10/10 for me and I hope it will for you."
,Recommended,261640,12714497,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,V4ND4L,"This game's true rating lays somewhere in the 6-7/10 range. Since Steam only allows for a thumbs up or down though, it is more up than down.Things I enjoyed:The humor and writing is mostly on par with BL2 and as such, the story feels fairly consistent. So much so that it seems like it would have been better to tell the story in the proper order to begin with instead of doing a prequel. I digress. There are still plenty of guns to obtain in the game, following in the footsteps of BL2 as well; each with their own signature handlings and trappings. The overall size of the game is about the size of BL2 also, perhaps a touch on the smaller side - hard to tell. Music is again, very close to the other game. All in all, it feels like a continuation of the first or the reverse, depending on how you look at it.What I didn't enjoy:The game was released with too many bugs. The game crashes periodically, usually always in co-op. The settings re-default at times and there are plenty of clipping issues and holes to fall through in the game world. Some of the voice acting is weak. I'm not referring to accents. The game is done by 2K Australia and one would expect Aussie accents - it actually goes quite well with the genre. And the ending. I wont give anything away, but it is highly anti-climactic as you know who lives entering into the game. And the ""to be continued"" feeling it ends with is sort of lame as the reason we all bought this title is because we've already played BL2 to death - we get it. We know it concludes in something that's already come out. I can't help it though. It sort of bugs me.Should you buy it?If you love the series, yes. Diehards wont mind paying $60 for it. Casual BL fans should wait for a 33% off sale. It feels right at $40 for those people. If you've never experienced the series before, I would say to wait altogether. At least until you've played the BL2 adventure. It's the best of the series so far."
,Recommended,261640,12735555,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Biggs,SPACE GUNS.
76561198059428490,Recommended,261640,12758680,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Wip,"Borderlands the pre-sequel is not the super hyped game everyone was expecting but it's still not a bad game!But i do recommend that you have played Borderlands 2 first mainly for story reasons but that aside, this game is still one of the best games i have played in quite some time. As a Borderlands title i think it is very good after all, it has all the good things about Borderlands 2 and a little bit more. It got humor, more loot, Claptrap and more.But every good game also has it's flaws (note: some of the things im about to mention might be fixed after this review is posted)One of the biggest let downs for me was that alot of the mini bosses that dropped unique loot didn't respawn! And im preety sure most of the community agrees with me. Because in the end game of Borderlands 1-2 you mostly farmed for the most epic gear you could have! But here most bosses are a one time encounter which sucks! Another that sucks is that most of the legendaries and a couple of uniques are returning ones! Borderlands 2 had like 3 returning legendaries but in pre-sequel, almost all of the legendaries are returning! And that just feels sad! I played a crap ton of Borderlands 2 and seeing all these legendaries again reminds me more and more of Borderlands 2 which is not the best thing ever...But as for all it's flaws i still had alot of fun playing Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel! The new jump boosts and butt slams made the envoiroment more fun to mess around with, as you could jump from enourmus hights and then just butt slam into someones face and kill them! And the cryo element also made this alot more interresting. As for slag in Borderlands 2... You had to RELY ON IT, while here cryo is just something to mess around with!All in all, i will give Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal! a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,261640,12784456,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,spiii,double jump and ski through the atmosphere on the wonderful moon of oz!
,Recommended,261640,12789531,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,TheOgtay,Great Game. This has exceeded my expectiontions based on previous Borderlands games
,Recommended,261640,12863046,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tundra Scorpion,"After hearing the announcement that the Pre-Sequel will be focusing on Handsome Jack; the villian of Borderlands 2 and his descent into being the smug and condescending jerk we love but at the same time want to shoot, I got pretty excited because Handsome Jack was by far the best thing Borderlands 2 had. He was one of the most memorable villians in video game history and such a focal point could offer a much darker turn in the Borderlands world. The Pre-Sequel met my expectations in some areas but left others floating in space, so while this review does recommend the game keep in mind that this is because there is no ""neutral"" or ""mixed"" rating, and its not a negative review because the Pre-Sequel is far from being a bad game. So let's get started.For die-hard fans of the Borderlands series, the Pre-Sequel will meet your expectations. It has all the shootin' lootin' blood n' guts-a-spewin' you will have come to love, with some new item types to find. I refer to the Oz Kits (short for Oxygen Kits) that allow the player to breath on the surface of Elpis, Pandora's moon. Oz Kits are similar to shields in that they mostly focus on oxygen reserves as shields focus on capacity, but also can offer multiple bonuses to combat with plenty of stats to choose from. As well, Oz Kits allow you to hover for a short time in low-gravity areas, and can let you perform a slam that can damage enemies. Oz Kits are a welcome addition to any Vault Hunter's arsenal, and provide a powerful addition to your combat capabilities.The combat is generally the same minus the Oz Kits and the new Cryo Elemental Type and the new Laser Weapons, both of which are also pretty neat, but what makes it stand out a bit more compared to Borderlands 2 is the no atmosphere environments, where combat is much more open and floaty making firefights much more chaotic, and killing an enemy with a high-knockback method results in them flying far off into the horizon in an extremely humerous fashion. Oh, the lolz.The level design also looks pretty awesome for the most part, spacey themed moon craters with the familiar planet of Pandora just over your head. But unlike Borderlands 2 the levels aren't as varied and don't exactly stick to the players memory, being divided into two main categories: Moon surface or space station, but some levels do stick out, such as the crashed space freighter or the under-construction space station exterior.Now lets talk about the story, and don't worry: It'll be spoiler-free. The basic premise is Handsome Jack isn't the CEO of the omnipresent Hyperion Corporation yet, he's just another cog in the machine, but an ambitious one. Hiring the new set of Vault Hunters, each of which having previously been featured as an NPC or enemy in the Borderlands series (including the annoying robot, Claptrap. Yeah, he's still here) to help him fight off an oncoming assault of an army known as the Lost Legion. This time around the Vault Hunters actually take a more in-depth role in the story, with characters actually addressing them by name and the Vault Hunters responding appropriately. But unfortunately this only lasts for a short while and doesn't occur as often in the later portion of the game, which I feel was some wasted potential, but still made the Vault Hunters their own individual characters interacting with their world outside of being one of four presets simply known as ""Hey Vault Hunter"". But just like Borderlands 2, the best part is Jack himself, the player will witness him start off as an uncertain puddle of weaksauce then over the events in the game (which I WONT spoil, trust me, its best if you experience it for yourself) become the man we love to hate in Borderlands 2. The narrative for the story is surprisingly good as well, its not just playing the game and the events unfold as it happens but instead being a recollection from one of the characters telling it to the original Vault Hunters during the events of Borderlands 2.The humor in the Pre-Sequel, I feel, is phoned in and isn't as engaged or memorable, I don't recall one moment in the entire game where I actually laughed or even snickered at the dialogue. As well, the Pre-Sequel suffers the same flaw as the previous game: Characters making remarks which are supposed to be funny but you're too focused on fighting off enemies to pay attention to it. Too many times I have been in the middle of a firefight when some of the story exposition starts going off, and since I'm total rubbish at any sort of multi-tasking I could only pay attention to one thing at a time, this would be even worse if it happened while the character talking to you was giving you instructions on how to proceed, but the waypoint system is so simple even a 3 year old could follow it. As well, this game has some of the most annoying voice work I have ever heard, and its not like Claptrap where it is supposed to be annoying and characters acknowledge how annoying it is, but its ear-bleedingly annoying and everyone in the game seems fine with it (I'm talking about a certain kid with such a forced accent that I seriously wish it was legal to shoot children in video games).Side missions in the Pre-Sequel are some of the most mundane and repetitive missions I have ever seen, and they get so tiresome to play through so quickly that I gave up trying to play them all and just decided to finish the main story. The majority of side missions comprises of ""go fetch"", ""go kill"" or ""go press button"" jobs, all of them with the bland, tired attempts at humor while you're doing it. It becomes such a pain to get through so quickly that after a while you'll just give up trying to get everything you can out of the game. If you don't get sick of them, then you probably have the patience of a saint, I commend you.Now the biggest gripe I have with this game: Remember what made Handsome Jack so great in Borderlands 2? You could always feel his presence looming over you (literally) through the whole game. Not only could he taunt you directly throughout your travels on Pandora, mocking your attempts to stop him but all you had to do is look up and see the Hyperion space station hovering over the moon, and think to yourself: ""I know you're up there, and I will stop you"". That created such an intense and memorable experience and contributed to why Jack is one of the greatest villians of all time. You felt his looming presence, you heard his taunting, you loved to hate him and when you finally got him it was the most satisfying way you could have ended the game. Now, the bosses in the Pre-Sequel? With the exception of Zarpedon (leader of the Lost Legion) they have no build-up, no presence and fighting and killing them is not at all interesting. The final boss battle in particular was the greatest disappointment of the whole game, and without saying too much there was zero build-up to it and the actual fight itself was extremely easy and forgettable. That alone has knocked a ton of points off the game for me, especially as a follow-up (kinda?) to Borderlands 2.For closing thoughts: The Pre-Sequel fell way too short in numerous fields and didn't create even remotely as much of an impact as Borderlands 2 did. The whole game feels like a massive step backwards even with all the things it did right, so does that make it a bad game? No, I still enjoyed it mostly and even had a lot of fun with it from time to time, that might just be me trying to be overly optimistic and forgiving, but I honestly feel that the Pre-Sequel isn't deserving of a negative review. Its still got the elements we expect from a Borderlands game and even takes the initiative to mix things up a bit. So if you're looking for a good time where you can only expect the kind of fun you could only get from Borderlands, then I'd recommend the Pre-Sequel."
,Recommended,261640,12882916,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Fawcksy,"Absolutely love it, hoping for a lot of DLCif you hate this game then you probably hate the borderlands genre in general because it stays so true to what borderlands really is."
,Not Recommended,261640,22031670,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Haderach,"Level design is frustrating. Enemy design is frustrating. Just go play Borderlands 1 or 2, because all this game is going to do is make the Borderlands franchise leave a bad taste in your mouth."
,Not Recommended,261640,22040461,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bortigo,"As a huge Borderlands Series fan, i always had eyes on this game but the ones i know who have it didn't like it. Not even a bit. So i waited for discounts to buy this. It wasn't worth the money. This game's content is like a Lays bag, looks full outside but has only %30 content. I am very frustrated. Don't even consider buying this. Even piracy is not worth. It has like 3 hours main story line.Other than that, missons are all the same. Not as funny as BL2(Not even close). Characters are boring, mobs are all the same(Raid boss=End game boss so you pretty much pay moonstones to kill the damn end game boss. Everything is the same.) Too many Aussie voicing.(IMO) It goes on and on. Long story short, DO NOT BUY THIS!"
76561198034508825,Not Recommended,261640,24579229,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Slaniadk,"Should've stopped on Borderlands 2.This one is funny and the voice acting is great, but the gameplay and quests are boring.Maybe i'm just saturated from a borderlands marathon, but I won't finish this one because this game does not make me feel like gaming for hours, it feels like a chore."
,Not Recommended,261640,25080225,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Tyfuzzle,"I hear a lot of people saying the game is similar to borderlands 2; I tend to disagree. The only thing i found similar was the gameplay: more of the same shooting mobs one after the other, attaining better gear and beating the crap out of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't get me wrong, I like the gameplay (minus the O2 system); what I don't like is the humour in comparison. Being made by 2K Australia, the comedy seems to be of a different style to what we see normaly; although its more of the same making fun of itself kind of comedy, it just isnt the same: it's not funny. Whilst I think the story is decent, the map design and enemies feel boring. I get more frustrated at the game than I end up having fun with it. It fills the gap between 1 and 2; I liked that and if you're here for the story and not the gameplay, you should buy it; however, if you want more borderlands 2, I think you're far better off just playing more borderlands 2 and it's DLCs: play TVHM and UVHM.Edit:I started playing it agian since I was getting a little tired of borderlands 2. After about 15 hours the game decided on respawn to throw away all my equipment, legendaries and all..."
,Recommended,261640,25548138,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Elephant,This game is amazing. A lot of people say it's a worse version of BL2 but I think it's just as great. The Aussie Accent might be kinda annoying and the story is less sedimental I can handle the the Accent and story is still great maybe even better. The characters are also really fun. Jack's shotgun laser beam melee is really fun and Nisha's double pistol perk is also really awesome. I think the game mechanics are a lot better however it feels kinda easy. Other then that I highly recommend it.
,Not Recommended,261640,24563548,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,OfficerMcLawDog,The guns were generally meh. I found myself getting almost all my loot from the shift key loot box. The story was very uninteresting and when it ended my friend I was playing coop with both said that's it? The main campaign was a wet fart as an experience. Bought the Clap trap DLC and didn't find a much better experience. Definitley the weakest of all the Borderlands and not worth the money.
76561198082509206,Recommended,261640,24930645,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ed10k399,It's alright. Runs well on GTX 970 x 2 on SLI and Intel i7 4th gen.
76561198024153413,Recommended,261640,25392725,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,Is the game good?: Yes.Is the game better than Borderlands 2?: No.Should you buy this game?: Maybe on a sale but not at full price.Is the Claptastic Voyage ♥♥♥♥ing awesome?: ♥♥♥♥ YES!
76561198036732153,Recommended,261640,25557479,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Proxy,This game is shorter then the other 2 with fewer side missionsplus side there are lasers and beam weapons and an♥♥♥♥♥slam
76561198323042739,Recommended,261640,25559016,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,deshaund1,The only down side to this collection is that it does not come with the dlc like on console
,Recommended,261640,13054865,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Elder Lich,a very adictive fun achtion packed game
76561198093540693,Recommended,261640,29997621,Posted: 17 February,all,Divine Weapon,"I never thought I would say this... but I will call out the lousy negative reviews here instead of spending time to glorify this pretty good game.These negative reviews are pretty pathetic. Either the reviewers will give no reason as to why they hate the game and just whine like a two year old toddler who can't get his bottle, or they will heap praise upon Borderlands 1 and 2 while despising the Pre-Sequel for the same things they say made 1 and 2 great. These negative reviews are mostly complainy short statements without any reasoning given, or they are made in such a way they their logic contradicts itself in a hypocritical manner.Is the game Perfect?No!Is it as good as 1 or 2?Almost!Does it deserve these nonsensical, hate-filled, and double-standard filled reviews?Absolutely Not!Yes, it is quite overpriced in comparison to its predecessors, but it is still a good game!"
,Recommended,261640,30042635,Posted: 19 February,all,DandelionTMV,"I was initially suspecting this was going to be just a cash grab but I ended up liking it even more than Borderlands 2.Better story, more character development, interesting new classes and some cool new mechanics (I really hope they keep the Grinder for BL3). Also PEW PEW! Light Guns? SERIOUSLY!!??"
76561198118917230,Recommended,261640,30490253,Posted: 13 March,all,Lone Wolf,"Didn’t plan on writing a review, but this game deserves it. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel feels a bit underappreciated by the community so I feel the need to defend it. Why? Because it’s bloody awesome!The gameplay is a blast and probably the most dynamic out of all BL games. Low gravity/double-jumping seems like a simple video game mechanic, but it’s a great addition that adds much variety in movement and combat. Also, there are lasers! Oh, and ice elemental damage! Fun stuff.Environment is beautiful, if a bit sterile at times. Though that seems fitting, seeing how you’re (mostly) on Pandora’s moon with zero atmosphere. It almost feels like space exploring (where you get to kill an occasional midget or dozen).The story follows events leading up to BL2, while also hinting at some stuff that is yet to come. It makes for a solid narrative, with more character development than other BL games, though side quests are a bit disjointed. As far as the narrative goes, I had a better experience on my second playthrough where I only followed the main quest.My biggest complaint about the game is that cutscenes in this one feel a bit lackluster. Where in other BL games cutscenes are flashy and fun and crazy, here they just push the story forward. My other complaint is that some characters you meet in the game are goddamn annoying, but the smart thing there is that you eventually get to kill them :)Anyway, I really enjoyed playing Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. Athena was easily the character I had most fun with in any Borderlands game. (My only regret is that I didn’t give Claptrap a try.)P.S. There is a talking shotgun to be found in the game. I miss her every day... (and yes, it's a she.)"
76561198014268876,Recommended,261640,12753467,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Frank Reynolds,Welcome to Australia
,Recommended,261640,13519227,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,V's Waifu,"Soooo let me see: What is that 1 word, which describes this game perfectly? !!SUPEROMFGAWESOMEEPICNESLVL9000!!But OK let's get serious: I've put about 14 hours into this game, so I'm nowhere near finishing it, but I thought sharing my opinions with you, would be a good idea.+The new gameplay elements, like low atmosphere, jump pads, Oz kits, BUTT SLAM!Moonstone (alternate currency like Eridium in BL2) drops more frequently, so u have to grind less.Cryo as the new element type is really helpful in some situations, and overall looks badass!The Stingray is a great new vehicle, especially with the cry rockets.LAASEEEAAAARRRRSSS (high fire rate ones are brutal)The Grinder is a good new thing, but only useful with MoonstoneThe NPCs are funny, but you know, it's BL so they MUST be funny :DGetting Legendaries looks easier: so far the game dropped me 2, and I've seen a rifle in a vending machine PLUS you can get one from a mission-The MoonBuggy is a bit off.Kraggons and Rathyd are sooo freakin annoying!!!!!!The game starts quite slowly, and the 1st hour can be boring.The accent of some NPCs can be strange, so use subtitles :DDDThe scavenging missions are boring, just like in the previous ones.Lastly the matcmaking is sometimes not working, but I think the problem is on my end.All in all I can recommend this game to any BL fan, because you will enjoy it! :3 :D"
,Recommended,261640,30005094,Posted: 18 February,all,BlackOut,"From a massive borderlands fan, I must admit this game is in no sense better than the first two games. In my opinion thats impossible, however thats not say say it isnt a good game, after playing about 20 hrs or so i can definitly pick up on lots of new and old positives of the game, like the lack of gravity and the style of humor. The soundtrack is awesome like all borderlands games. A few negatives would have to include the lackluster story (which is a shame ans 1 and 2 had awesome stories) and the random frame drops at intense moments, even with a oc 1070. To conclude i would not purchase this game at full price but is well woth the buy when on sale. 7/10-Note, i mostly played bl1 and 2 on ps3!, if that really matters."
76561198125030007,Recommended,261640,23742529,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,gardath DATA,pros:1. still awsome as ever2.new freezing effect3. play as clap trap4. MORE GUNS!!!!!!!5. LAZERS!!!!!!!!!!cons:1. working with handsome jackoverall: BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198072241442,Not Recommended,261640,12753058,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jimmy jenkins,"its rushed upsetting glitchy and a big letdown for me, i am not greatly enjoying it and i would sugest not getting it if you have played the other games, if you have not start with this one and then go to the secound because you will be able to appreciate the secound mutch morespeaking of, borderlands 2 is ♥♥♥♥ng great get that instead."
76561198027011842,Recommended,261640,12753801,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ToyRobot,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is something to tide over fans of the franchise until Gearbox Studios can crank out a true Borderlands 3.It IS a fun tide-over, however. It's based on the same engine as Borderlands 2, which was great to begin with,  and the new additions (the O2 kits, laser weapons, and cryo-element) are nice. Personally, my favorite thing about this game is these vault hunters do have personality and the NPCs will respond to the vault hunter accordingly. The new team itself is nicely varied from Wilhelm's drones to Claptrap's Vaulthunter.exe (which cannot be explained but has to be experienced).Where the game falls flat though is the new characters. There are more returning favorites: Jack (duh), Moxxi, and even Mr. Torgue and Tiny Tina. However, all the original characters for this game are really not that funny or memorable. I'd even say they're downright annoying (a particular snot-bubble named Pickel comes to mind). They each have their own one-joke and they run it into the ground everytime you talk to them (We get the idea, Janey Springs).It is a shorter campaign (final boss around level 28) and the new maps are not as varied and atmospheric as promised. Enemies fall unto 3 categories: Scavs, DAHL military, and a third that's spoiler-ish. Most boss fights are just chipping away at their shield then releasing all hell.All in all, it's not worth the $60 but it is worth it to play."
,Recommended,261640,30113037,Posted: 22 February,all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"This game is awesome. Plain and simple, it expands on the story on Borderlands 2, you can see how Handsome Jack gets to be the villain of the previous (next) game. The music is a mixed bag, but it's alright. Gameplay wise, same formula as Borderlands 2, only there are a few changes, like low gravity zones and a few mechanics added such as the oxigen tanks. Graphics are more colorful even though is the same graphics engine. Lots of weapons, excellent voice acting, Jack is the best character in the game.So yea, go and get it, I enjoyed it a lot. 8/10"
76561198117754499,Not Recommended,261640,12753578,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Masquerade,"I like first Borderlands a lot, second one MUCH better, and this one... ehh... its straight boring. After first five minutes you realize that this game isnt created by the same team. But they got laser weapons right whats not the like?First of all game doesnt felt like Borderlands, laser weapons boring cryo weapons: meaningless; quests and combat; repetetive, new characters, uninteresting, maps badly designed, atmosphere felt nothing like borderlands, humor well maybe in Australia people can laugh this kind of stuff but rest of the world find this kind of humor annoying. So with four new uninteresting playable characters with same graphich engine of old games, full with dumb boring quests meaningless NPCS's and running around aimlessly a lot is your stuff then play this. After killing your 3000th scav you expect game can becmoe more interesting but all its throwing against you some new form of soldiers some lame far from being funny dialogs and then running around meaninglessly making dumb quests and killing another 3000 enemy... goes on goes on...Seriously Borderlands and Borderlands 2 both great games but this one really really sucks and it shouldn be more expensive then 15 dollars honestly.There are some good things about the game though Handsome Jack's and playable characters voice actors are pretty good, also your character makes comments on situations anymore add to her/his personality, npcs using british accent is kinda funny and musics are pretty good. Concordia design (though its far from being sanctuary by interaction) is also fine.Also they failed at looting mechanism this time becasue same level green can be better then same level Orange! sometimes seriously what were you thinking 2k.Anyways you dont miss anything by skipping this game even storywise casue its pretty lame.  Defeinitely not worth this kind of money and please let borderlands 3 be done by the same team with two and one. Not this Austraila crap."
,Recommended,261640,23494392,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,bladekitten7,"BOUNCEY, BOUNCEY, BOUNCEY!!!!! :D"
,Not Recommended,261640,22567868,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,gunsage,"Disappointing.  No, it isn't the worst game ever, but this is a massive disappointment from ssomeone who thoroghly enjoyed the series up to this point.  I won't say that the plot is bad or that the characters are dumb, but I will say that the moon gimmick is simply not enjoyable.  For starters, it gives the developers the ability to be even lazier than normal with the level design (black backgrounds and white ground as opposed to at least some background and mostly desert), they implemented an oxygen gimmick, everything moves slower, and it just feels slow, lazy, and boring.To be fair, I haven't played that far into it, but I'm not impressed with what I've seen so far, which is in stark contrast to BL1 and 2.  If you're a huge fan like I am, you'll probably get it on sale (like I did).  Still, buyer beware...get BL1 and 2, but stay away from this one."
76561198177097647,Recommended,261640,35152870,Posted: 23 September,all,timcleveland85,A better balanced Borderlands that doesn't lean on slag for UVHM
,Not Recommended,261640,13207368,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Agent ◌ Trap,The developers go out of their way to punish their community. Can not endorse.
76561198005643249,Not Recommended,261640,13433664,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Varvarg,"Cons: Very glitchy, unoptimized, short and uninteresting story/characters. Alot of assets are resued, as well as many legendaries. The music is sooo dull in comparison to BL2. Many bosses don't respawn, so forget farming for specific legendaries. This and the total lack of endgame content is the killing blow. Yeah there IS a raid boss, but he's such a total pushover you wouldn't belive. *SIGH*Pros: Cool and powerful skill synergies. The grinder (grind 3 items, and maybe you'll get a better one)Not recommended fully priced. Buy BL/BL2 and the plethora of DLC instead, and don't look back"
76561198044224777,Not Recommended,261640,13433504,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jonath,"This could have been an amazing game, probably the best in the series, imo. I've put most of  my time into the previous entries to where I only stopped profusely playing one game only because a new one came out. Is this game amazing? No. Is it terrible? No, but with the way things are being handled right now from the company, it could get worse.Pros:Class balance; no class is too OP (except EXP farming w/aimbotterNisha)Skill tree synergyStory is solidCustom narratives between other players and NPCsCharacter developmentSPACE LASERSHumor (Some Aussie humor is thrown in as well)Cons:Lack of endgame1 ""raid"" boss80% of (non-laser)legendaries are reskins, renamed, and/or re-""elemented"" of previous games' legendariesNon-respawnable mini/quest bosses - turns into less legendariesLack of respawnable bosses - I wanna fightboth forms of Zarpeddonagain!Vendor farming is near mandatory for one-time bosses' legendaries(SOME DON'T SPAWN IN VENDORS!)Mandatory use of grinder - it would be fine if I had spare legends to throw in there, instead of the scarce amountThe ""cons"" can change since it's only been 2 months since this games release, but as of this post, this is what I find good/bad with this game. If they fix most of the negatives, then this game will be on par (or better) than BL2. It is not worth the $60(plus $30 for Season Pass). I only recommend it only for the back story of Jack and his ""Vault Hunters"" and the 2 ""runthroughs"". Otherwise, wait until it is under $40 or GotY(if ever) edition is released.W/ Negatives - 6/10W/o Negatives - 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,13355960,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Amadeus,Pro tip: Don't buy this game unless it's on sale. Buy Borderlands 2 GOTY. It's 100 times better.
,Not Recommended,261640,34995254,Posted: 16 September,all,Wynxe,Looks great and has cool characters but there's just WAY too much gametime inflation with the massive maps and moving around in them. I think i've played maybe 15-20 hours on and off steam and at least 5 of those were spent traveling.
76561198055538990,Recommended,261640,23026625,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,TRose00,BEST GAME PLAYED :3
,Recommended,261640,22512911,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Randal Hayswagger,"It's still Borderlands and it's still a lot of fun. However, in this addition aussies have apparently colonized the moon, and you're forced to exterminate the endless population of unruly Chavs. (Or.. Scavs, as they're called.)My only complaint, if you could call it that, is that the soundtrack leaves a lot to be desired compared to Borderlands 2. It doesn't feel as engaging as it did it Borderlands 2. Even the background music is pretty bland and forgettable. It sounds like some indie electronic synth. It's not bad, just not amazing and adrenaline pumping as some of the tracks on Borderlands 2."
76561198017701618,Recommended,261640,23025555,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Boostman,It's more borderlands! What's not to love
76561198069392626,Recommended,261640,25937204,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IDKblu,Borderlands <3
76561197983155187,Recommended,261640,15171870,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MonkeyspankO,"8.5/10More Bordlerlands. For those of us that like that, its great news. The game is very colorful, has a good enough sense of humor, plenty of guns and interesting new characters to try out.  Especially the claptrap and jack. I haven't tried them all, but the story dialogue seems to change for difference characters.Its marketed as a pre-sequel, but the amount of content included pretty much makes this Borderlands 3. Its a full game and not a quick cash grab.  The moon setting makes it different and fun imho.  When I heard about the air-less environment I thought it would be a gimmick, but i think it works and adds to the experience. **just keep your first oz device, for the 50% reduction in O2 jump cost** I like the jump mechanic as it makes avoiding combat on foot a breeze, when you're just trying to get from point A to B without fighting every skag on the way.The last Borderlands I played was launch vanilla part 2, without ALL the dlc that came out later. So for me Pre-sequel is an awesome step up from the previous game. Maybe if you've been religiously buying all the dlc its nothing new. But for me it was.Long story short, I am loving it. Its a game you want to come back to and play til 1am. I will keep playing for a while. In addition, I got a great deal and bought the game plus the season pass for less than the full priced game alone, during the last steam sale. Wait for another one or jump right in any time. I recommend this game with a big F for FUN!"
,Recommended,261640,15214150,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Confused Potato,"It's Australia in space, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,261640,17514105,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ç Ä Ñ Č Ü R Į Ń Ø,"A work in progress game; not bad, nor good. IT needs quite a lot of improvements to be even CLOSE to the greatness of Borderlands 2. gg game sucks :p 4/10."
76561198048019236,Not Recommended,261640,33404666,Posted: 9 July,all,cmktiv,"I loved the first two games. This one feels thin. Didn't care for the characters. Unconvincing story. Especialy the bit that happens immediately after defeating the final boss.A ton of clipping errors, too. Invisible walls and ceilings that aren't supposed to be there. The gravity is super low, so you can jump and stay in the air forever, but if you come across a pebble you stop in your tracks. If you try to jump and bump up against another surface, you immediately stop. Extremely frustrating. If you are running around on the map, you ARE going to stop suddenly. You really feel like your movement is restricted, which takes away from the overall feeling of being able to juke and pursue enemies. The enemies are often in the air and out of reach. I played a melee specialty character, and had a shotgun and smg on me. Airborne enemies were extremely grating.So, fine game. A blessing to have another co-op game to play with my friends. Not good enought for a Borderlands installment, however.Also, the comments on ""friendzone"" being a purely misogynist term was weird, and after listening to a bunch of Anthony Burch interviews, I see why it is in there. I hope that, if he keeps implanting a narrative, that he succedes in making it slightly more subtle."
,Not Recommended,261640,16659712,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ermaganish,"Wtf, Don't even have this game. 0/10Jimmies were rustled."
76561198046998284,Not Recommended,261640,15099192,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,01010111 01010100 01000110,"borderlands 1 was fantastic back in the day on the PS3, spent hundreds of hours farming crawmerax and the farmory trying to find legendarys with the best parts. The algorithm to spawn guns made almost any gun that dropped different from ones you already had, so you were constantly trying new weapons.Blands 2 was great. Different approach with boss dropping specific weapons, but still fun.This game is a grind beyond belief. The drop rates are so low that the only people who have legendarys online seem to have gibbed them. I have played however many hours to have only found 2 legendarys, one from nel and one from flameknuckle. Thats it. Nothing in the grinder, they say you can find them in the vending machines too, I say that they are fan boy liars.Borderlands 2 and 1 are fun grindy games, this is not.F U 2K"
,Not Recommended,261640,17311948,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mallow Peep,"I am sad to say ""Pre-Sequel"" or not. It doesn't deserve to be called equal with BL2. (It's a downgrade)"
,Not Recommended,261640,17393344,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lavatory Load,"Loved all the other Borderlands, loved the expansions in BL2 - but this is a POS.  Not dynamic, not funny, not Borderlands.  Really guys?  This is your ""one"" and only ""one you get from me - don't end up like all these other slack-jaw game companies that just mash out garbage.  So glad I waited for it to be on sale."
76561198034236499,Not Recommended,261640,13188618,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Oeuf,"DISSAPOINTMENT! :(Honestly not worth the $60 for a 5 hour playthrough and the same exact game. I'm a huge borderlands fan, you can check by my 500 hours on the other game, but this game was pretty awful.Don't waste you money like I did."
,Not Recommended,261640,17356631,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,alegra_,"3/103 mercy points, because the first hour was funstory is crapbalance is crapfirst blind standard playthrough is ~10h for ~60$ price, kept getting worse near the endmost of the jokes are overused and/or boringenemy design is crap, nearly all bosses look similar or almost reskinned,maybe 10-15 types of enemys, even then some are very similarone of the few, the final boss, isn't better (HURR 6 BOSSPHASES; SHIELD REGENERATION DURR)80% of all enemys have a shield and 10% of all weapon drops in the first playthrough were shock-weaponsplaying without doing side-quests is almost impossible, not much fun and nerve-racking because you keep getting almost one-shotted, by enemys or one of the quadrillion tiny, explosive barrels which are literally everywhereWeapon balancing was horrible (example, lvl 12 shotgun did 3x times the dmg than most weapons that dropped near the end and still didn't do that much dmg)Grenades are (nearly/grenade jump maybe?) uselessBoss-drops (//all bosses(especially final boss)) were horribleNot to mention most bosses were overly easy and last bosses were overly strechted longMost dialogues are way worse thand the ones in previous gamesLawbringer's aimbotskill shoots at walls and enemys that aren't even directly in players sight, often ignores enemys standing right in front of you etc etc+levels looked pretty and some were a bit bigger+the double-jump/glidiing effect and groundstomp//breathing on moon surface stuff was pretty fun^+like said, first 1-2 h were fun//ok+characters seem ok"
,Not Recommended,261640,18627206,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Musicankane,"Did you like Borderlands? Did you like Borderlands 2?Well you wont like Space Australia Borderlands.This game is little more than a running Australia joke, without any of the charm of the previous Borderlands games. I guess this game would be good if you are Australian and understand Aussie humor.If not, the game is short and does not have nearly the replay value of the previous games. The new characters are mostly annoying and the novelty of playing Clap-Trap wears thin extremely quickly."
76561198061693506,Not Recommended,261640,17311439,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,September Rust,"Borderlands: TPS is a uninspired, uninteresting, boring, repetative, and tedious romp through a boring, uninspired world. The game does manage to be funny, for the first half hour. I bought this during a sale about a year ago so my cousin and I could play online together. It just wasen't fun. I did manage to beat it eventually, mainly out of curiosity, to see if there was some redeeming quality I missed that was saved for the late game. There wasen't one.After getting deleted, I decided to try again, this time in The Handsome Jack Collection on my PS4, to see if it could suck me in all over again like Borderlands 2 did. Nope, within a half hour I was reminded of why I hated this abomination. The skill trees are all centered around anarchy-like skills, do this ... thing and get temporary bonuses. The Aussie humor is terrible and the psychos no longer shout funny stuff (if you can even understand them). The maps are convoluted and irritating with backtracking, confusing pathways, and insta-death pits. Oxygen is a pain in the a**. Claptrap is useless, which is a funny story in itself. The game ""warns"" you if you heard of Claptraps crazy action skill and asks if you still want to play as him. This should be taken as a warning. He is rendered useless by his totally unreliable action skill. I would also say his skill tree is crap but they all are. It takes a long time to get access to the extra inventory slots. It felt like I was running around for half the game with 2 weapons. I could go on with more faults about the game but you get my point.I'll sum it up with this; if you are thinking of getting this to scrath your Borderlands ""itch"", don't. Just go back and play Borderlands and Borderlands 2 again with all the DLC, which there is plenty of. If I had to score it I would give it a 4 out of 10. Why? The entire first drawn out paragraph says most of it, but on the plus side, it seemed to be relatively bug/glitch absent and it had great production values. After the first half hour, it's all downhill. Pass on this."
76561198160342589,Not Recommended,261640,17316645,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,fwizzkid,"The game lacks the deep and seemingly never ending fun of Borderlands 2. The humor is also off, and dlc is a complete joke this season. While the past games seemed to innovate, I can't think of anything this game did different, with the exception of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Aussie humor that doesn't make you chuckle like the last games. Please, don't get this game first just because it's the newest, because it CERTAINLY is not the best.TLDR; stick to borderlands 2 and 1, for your money the DLC of BL2 is much better."
,Not Recommended,261640,18008755,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Shayalon,"This is a perfect example of an attempt to make money using a franchise that was popular. But not wanting to spend money.  This is Borderlands II with a few weapon changes and different character classes (including claptrap for some reason). The humor has been completely removed because, either they couldn't afford the original writers or the writers had lobotomies. Whoever wrote this did not understand the sense of humor of the series.  The game wants to have replay value, but it puts so many annoying things in your way. I just can't bear to play the game through with the same unskippable cut scenes, same boring story lines, same humorless dialog.  I have tried three times, and I just can't finish the 3rd.   Overall, it's playable (once) but it doesn't hold a candle to Borderlands 2."
,Not Recommended,261640,18649606,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,schizosid,I hope the characters in the next Borderlands game will take a break from hunting vaults to look for The Pre-Sequel's missing sense of humor.
,Not Recommended,261640,17338630,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FranckyFox2468,"I mean, gameplay wise, its not THIS bad. But except the gravity, new weapon types and the new player characters, there is really, REALLY nothing much to it.The quests are annoying, the world is boring, the battles are cheap, its glitchy and broken. (Even with ""fixes"" i wouldn't be surprised if some♥♥♥♥♥♥was left here.I have to say that if you are here for the story because you liked the 2 first game... step, the ♥♥♥♥, back. The writting goes to okay, from bad to absolute atrocious bad internet video clickbait quality. To give yourself an idea, it made me question myself and even hate characters that i once loved. Oh and most of the cliffhangers are just so predictables and boring.And if you are here for the extra content, like borderlands 2 which the 4 first pack provided amazing content, you are not  welcome either. The extra content barely provides any new interesting worlds to visit and it mostly provides♥♥♥♥♥♥to do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all over again.And another point is that its hard to get refunded for this one, because the really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ part mostly happens later game, so you will get yourself ♥♥♥♥ed past Steam's 2 hours limit. (Unless you are a pro speed runner but on a game like this i sort of doubt it....)So in a final verdict, Borderlands the pre-sequel is not a bad game, but if you compare it to something like its 2 first predecessors, it feels like nothing more but a ♥♥♥♥ing cash grab that you could spend buying another Borderlands title or any better FPS out on the store."
,Not Recommended,261640,17711833,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"I like Borderlands but honestly we all know this and all the Borderland games are a copy paste, I would love to see more improvement towards lots of aspects and entities of this game and as much as I love open world I apologize but not impressed or interested in any other Borderlands game in the future.4/10"
76561198001205768,Not Recommended,261640,17813927,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,The Magic Yeti,"Having put many, many hours into Borderlands 1 & 2. I found Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel pretty dissapointing. This is mainly due to the O2 system and the constant need to fill up the Oz kits. I can see this adding an extra challenge but for me, it should just be about concentrating on shooting 'n' looting without worrying about the amount of O2 left in my tank."
,Not Recommended,261640,17895139,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Blitz,"I would love to recommend this game, but it lacks so many things that made BL2 great.  Its not nearly as funny, and there arent enough innovations or additions to really justify being a stand-alone game versus a large DLC.  The fighting feels gimmicky due to balancing low gravity and oxygen, which makes battles (in my opinion) less fun."
76561197999584517,Not Recommended,261640,18152690,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Kernel_Panik,"The good:Remember how lame relics were in Borderlands 2? You'd just set one and forget it, right? Now you have Oz kits with a far more interesting spectrum of tactical choices.Let's face it, the Borderlands franchise has always needed superjumping and ground pounding.The grinder is a much-needed addition for the min-maxer in your life.The bad:The main story: The plots swerves wildly through the rising action, making you wonder ""who are we fighting, again?"". Too many plot holes are plugged unceremoniously with Eridian-ex-machina.In Borderlands 2, the side quests could be a bit silly but for the most part they felt like they were helping your cause. Most of the NPCs that gave you quests were united against Jack. Here, everyone just take a ""meh"" attitude toward the giant laser that is tearing the moon apart and gives you, at best, tangential sidequests.The pre-sequel lacks the strong NPC characters that drove the story in Borderlands 2 and led the war against Hyperion. Here, you just have some guys with annoying accents that point you in the direction of some violence.The ugly:Whereas Borderlands 2 was a huge leap in design, gameplay, and storytelling over Borderlands 1, the Pre-Sequel gets some minor mechanics improvements and falls flat on the story. If you enjoyed Borderlands 2 and have a team to play with, maybe pick it up on sale. 5/10, will not be doing True Vault Hunter mode."
,Not Recommended,261640,18962657,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ice Fox,"Lame story and characters, boring environemtns and generic weapons . A step backwards compared to borderlands 1 &2."
,Recommended,261640,26914949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NearDARK,"Good game, not as good as Borderlands 2 but still a must buy during Steam sales."
,Not Recommended,261640,18161561,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pants,"I was stubborn when I bought this game. Despite knowing that most people said that this game was repetitive and boring i went ahead and bought the 4 pack with my friends. Wow that was a mistake.Borderlands : The Pre-sequel is mundane and boring. The characters are so god damn bland with the exceptions of Jack and Moxxi. The majority of the quests are all the same. Fetch this item for me from one side of the map,now bring it back to me, oh wait i forgot to tell you to bring me this other item that is all the way at the other side of the map again. I want to play a game, not do your chores for you.The levels are a bloody nightmare and my group got lost multiple times, wandering around an empty map with no enemies. The new low-gravity mechanics are a welcome addition but nothing to write home about, it's just kind of meh.The storyline was ok and it explained most of Handsome Jack's backstory, but the sidequests and awful level design drained us so quickly that we didn't bother with the story and just wanted to get the game over and done with.Overall 5/10, The entire game felt like a chore.This is the first borderlands game that I do not want to replay nor play the DLCs nor farm for legendary items."
,Not Recommended,261640,31489974,Posted: 1 May,all,YouGotNougat,Pros:-Good graphics-Cool charactersCons:-Nothing compared to the second part of Borderlands-The season pass is not worth in any way-90% of the weapons were just ****-Boring after the first playthrough-Only the main story is worth playing
76561197999355484,Recommended,261640,31020006,Posted: 8 April,all,Favki,"Borderlands is probably my favorite game franchise of all time. I have played every one of them, including the Telltale Game. After completely leveling up two characters (Nisha and CL4P-TP) in TPS, here are my thoughts about this game in singleplayer mode.Pros:+Low gravity and buttslams are welcome additions to gameplay mechanics+Space Australia-theme+Best skilltrees in the franchise+Laser weapons and cryo-element+Claptastic Voyage dlc (probably the best BL dlc there is...)+Stingray (the best BL vehicle there is)+Option to replay playthroughs at will+Increased amount of skill points allows to use all three end tier skills at the same timeNeutral:+/- Plot+/- Humour+/- Voice acting+/- Graphics+/- Grinder and Luneshine effectsNegatives:-Significantly reduced legendary loot selection compared to previous installments-Less pop culture references-Only two story dlc's, from which only one is good-Increased amount of levels, but not a whole lot of additional stuff to play... means that you'll grind the main story quuuuuite a lot.-No pearlescent rarity loot-No OP-levels-Fully leveled up character is too powerful. Nothing provides a challenge, except the Holodome dlc.-Many locations are without a fast travel station-Some items can only be acquired once per character (playthrough reset doesn't help)-Too many legendaries that belong to general loot poolLooking at the neutrals only, you can already guess that this game waters down the awesomeness of BL2 quite a bit. Still though, it made up some of it by giving better gameplay mechanics (although in smaller scale). The main plot is mediocre and execution is cumbersome. Humour is good at times, but it should be excellent. This is a BL game after all!I recommend you grab this game on sale. In the end it is a good deal of fun! Just don't go expecting it to be as good as BL2."
,Recommended,261640,32904202,Posted: 27 June,all,Kibbles,Not as long or as good as Borderlands 2 but this game still holds its own with great bosses a really good story line great voice parts and a really good game to play with friends a must play if you have already played Borderlands 1-2
,Recommended,261640,12506180,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Big Nick,This game makes me feel conflicted. I like it
,Not Recommended,261640,13023253,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ThisGuy,"This was probably the worse drunken purchase I've made this year.It plays EXACTLY like BL2, but without any improvements.*Character introductions for the most part are weak.*Extremely low varity of enemies compared to BL2*Plot and their twists are meh in comparison of the other 2 games*Elemental damage is less useful (rare number of armored enemies and Fire elements do not work in atmosphere)*LOTS of glitches such as permanently slowed and invisible walls*Most quests have lots of fluff and waiting/downtime to draw out gameplay*Large maps and few fast travels*Humor is little/nonexistant.  I got absolutely none of the Austrailian jokes save for the first 5 minutes of hearing the accents.  Then I had no flippin clue about anything they said.  The accents would have been better on Pandora which is LITERALLY Space Australia.  All the humor and little grin cracking jokes in BL2?  Yea they stayed in that game, there isnt a whole lot of it here.  Hell, Tales of Pandora trailer is funnier than the entirety of this game*Cannot have infinite playthroughs on TVHM, you hit the end and are stuck there. Lol go play in other lobbies.*Some chests cost Moonstones.  Be sure not to automatically open any chests till you reconize these or else you lose 40 Moonstones everytime.*You can Favorite inventory, but not marke anything as Trash.  WHY?!*Even with padded quests, total story is very short.*The weakest writing IMO of the series so far.Otherwise, just stick to BL2 and its DLCs"
,Not Recommended,261640,17385438,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,OCEANMAN,unbalanced and unfinished in many ways. Game isn't really a good example of a borderlands game in my opinion.go play BL2 if you want the good stuff.
76561198037161136,Not Recommended,261640,17399099,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Mr Nood,"This whole game feels just like big dlc.The story isn't as good as in borderlands 2 and this game isn't as funny as borderlands 2.Yea sure if you don't compare Borderlands: the pre-sequel to borderlands 2 it's decent game.The good point in this game is the extra lore, double jump and laser weapons. Otherwise it's just bad version of bl2."
,Recommended,261640,17516351,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,BatDoge,its awsome10/10
76561197997820027,Not Recommended,261640,17607813,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,andrewmward,"I wanted to like this game... I am the target audience - but it just didn't work on so many levels. To me it didn't even feel like a Borderlands game and the entire premise just collapsed. I gave it as much time as I could but have moved on, I will not be returning to this game - and I tried - the opening sequence is oaky and feels like its going to go somewhere but after that it just deis a slow death (and the rock mosters on the moon are so bad and so NOT FUN to fight... The End"
76561198016588547,Not Recommended,261640,13011195,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,☆Legendere☆,"This is my very first review for a game and it turns out to be negative. BL:TPS has a decent story, but not quite like BL:2 where it is interesting, humorous, and just makes you want to kill the antagonist.New to BL:TPS from BL:2 are new character classes, the replacement of the relic slot with Oz kits (enabling you to utilize the low gravity of the moon and butt slamming the ground to cause AoE damage your enemies), the weapon grinder, the Stingray vehicle, and laser guns. The elements they took away from TPS is the change in day/night and a plethora of unique guns and shields that was once available in BL:2 (although they will probably add more with future DLCs).There is no longer a need to farm for Legendary weapons as they can all be acquired easily via the weapon grinder. Once again, like in BL:2, some Legendaries just don't live up to their Legendary status. Placement of the vehicle stations are redundantly placed so that you have to travel far before getting onto a vehicle and having many places inaccessible with vehicles. Running sidequests can be grueling for having to travel long distances just to pick up a quest item, going back to talk to the quest provider, then having to go back again to the same location to do something else. Sure they have the new Stingray vehicle that can make traveling to places faster, but never in the places where you need to go back and forth long distances. Vehicles are further rendered useless by the moon's environment that's out to get you killed if you don't drive carefully.In my opinion, it's best to wait out for a good deal on this game. It certainly wasn't worth my $60 as I find the game quite simple to accomplish within 20-30 hours of gameplay and doesn't hold the same replay value of its predecessor mainly because the quests are not as engaging as BL:2 quests. It felt more like a lengthy DLC that could have been added to BL:2. Overall the game gave me a ""meh"" feeling. If you've never played the Borderlands series before, skip out on this one. If you're a diehard fan of the Borderlands series, wait on a Steam deal to come up some time next year.+moonjumping, buttslamming+new classes of characters+new unique equipment & laser guns+Stingray-traveling from Point A to Point B and back to Point A again without a vehicle-short gameplay time-low replay value-sparse environment with only a night setting-limited number of unique equipment-way way way too many cliffs, chasms, and places that you can fall off of"
,Not Recommended,261640,13128261,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Angry Jets Fan,A game made by socially awkward people for socially awkward people.
76561198089229321,Not Recommended,261640,13189004,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,󠀡Wolf,"Don't buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Its not worth $60 at all, and it has far less content than BL2"
76561198008467045,Not Recommended,261640,13528906,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Angry Beaver,bl2 dlc is what this is!
,Not Recommended,261640,13536677,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Spaceman Spiff,I stared to play this game then relised that it is borderlands 2 but a lot worse.
76561198139343561,Not Recommended,261640,13605913,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Justinian77,Too many Australians...
,Not Recommended,261640,13554511,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,sonosaber,"I very well recommend this game for many reasons and then again I don't.Now when I write this review I have played all other Borderlands games and I have to say It's better than Borderlands but not as good as Borderlands 2.Pros~Plenty of QuestsHoliday EventsA bunch of weapons, but don't let that fool youEXPLOOOOOOOSSSIIIIIOOOOONNNNNSPhysX Particles (If ran on Nvidia GPUs)Butt SlamsCons~Smaller than Borderlands 2Athena seemed a bit broken/ overpowered when I used herGuns aren't as unique. Most of them look/are re-imaged weapons from Borderlands 2Humor isn't as great as it was beforeQuest aren't as unique and hardly ever give you special rewards like the other Borderlands gamesI would rate this 6.5/10 because of the lack of freshness and just plain simple, it did not deliver."
76561197984508501,Not Recommended,261640,13597698,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Leetcheeks,"It's like Borderlands 2, but with even worse level design and lots of flying trash that just have jet packs and hover around all day, and the low gravity bit makes your loot fly WAY WAY WAY away when enemies die, often you have to jump all the way off of some big tower you were fighting on to even see what loot flew away. After you collect your loot from the bottom of the map again, you get to space jump all the way back up to where you were using the really slow motion jumping which just seems like a drag on the pacing of the game. I often find myself in locations where my only options are to die (There are lots of places where you can jump off the map into oblivion or into lava) so instead of respawning and losing cash, I just quit playing. I'm glad I got it on sale, it will probably be more fun next year when my friends pick it up for 10 bucks on the next summer sale. Don't pay full price for this aggrevation if you're moon jumping soloI played for another hour because I was bored and had time to kill and nothing else to play. I realized that enemies ran backwards at the same speed as the do forwards, just like in the last two games. I also noticed that every shot, or hit, or melee attack sends me flying either a little bit or a lot but it doesn't cause the enemies to go flying or lose control at all. Uninstalling the game solves all these problems."
,Not Recommended,261640,13465516,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Xaikus,"+can play as claptrap+battling creeps in space+gazilion guns as it should be+laser guns-enemies have similar moves with those enemies in borderlands 1 and 2 like scavs for example is similar to bandits-recycled legendaries from borderlands 1 and 2-boring story line-lacks humor compared to borderlands 1 and 2-some parts of the map is almost good as emptyfor me this is the worst borderlands series i've played so far for me this game offers nothing really new aside from zero gravity, new characters, new enemies reskinned and copy pasted from the previous sequel and a boring storyline"
76561198078313724,Not Recommended,261640,13488541,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gstone43,"This game was an overall disapointment, ill just have to play bl2"
,Not Recommended,261640,13493709,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,EzioBF,"It is not Borderlands.First: what all right now about flying\jumping? First COD AW, now Borderlands. It's not shooter now, it's jump exercising simulator. You can't move swiftly, your enemies jump like on permanent speedup.Oxygen - stupid idea. Why, what for?Moon surface. If your not carefull ie. jump wrong and can't slow down - your off the cliff and die.Absolutly moronic ideas for change of gamplay.I have all borderlands in full versions, but if this lunar idiocy is about to be back in next installment, I'm not buying it.Not recomended."
76561197986305518,Not Recommended,261640,13496689,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kanka,dull game. avoid if you can.
,Not Recommended,261640,13596727,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jason Stern,"Sequel? More like♥♥♥♥♥♥Quel!This is the worst Borderlands game that I have played. Now, granted, I haven't played the TellTale games spinoff, but even as a point-and-click I imagine it's a better first person shoot'em up/RPG game!Let's start with what 2k Games doesn't advertise. This is not a game by the teams that did Borderlands 1 and 2. This is a game done by *2k Australia*. Don't get me wrong - a fresh take can be good or bad, but not knowing this fact trolls fans that don't do extensive research into thinking ""American Pie: Band Camp"" is an ""American Pie"" movie. It has ""American Pie"" in the title, right? Why would they exploit their fans for money?Then there's the big ♥♥♥♥-up. First, even though the Borderlands games are supposed to be a FPS game at heart, this game is a platformer. They use the ""takes place on the moon"" plot device as a chance to replace even remotely realistic physics with Mario 64 jumping 10x your height♥♥♥♥♥♥ It even has the Tanuki Mario thunder jump move. Like anyone with a ♥♥♥♥ing gun is going to try to jump-smash on an armed man's head when they have a ♥♥♥♥ing gun. But okay, different game by different Australian (and ♥♥♥♥ do they take the time in-game to let you know there is an Aussie infulence - nothing says ""futuristic society"" like random bash America jokes) game designers. They still reused the same Unreal-based engine to make a ♥♥♥♥ing platformer! Unreal Engine 3 is a great engine, especially in its day, but it was never designed for platforming, let alone first person platforming! The closest it came was Leisure Suit Larry - Blockbuster Bust, and that was a huge bust! What would make this game different?!Plus with that ♥♥♥♥ing moon gravity♥♥♥♥♥♥ you never have a good feel for when you can actually make a jump, or when an invisible bounding box (due to either Unreal 3 or poor game design) will suddenly cut your jump off midway and leave you to fall to your death. Or to ♥♥♥♥ing slide off a 10 degree incline without being able to jump because the game doesn't want you to land there, but it draws it like you ♥♥♥♥ing can. Or being shot in the chest and being force-moved forward towards the bullets! In what realistic world does that happen?! Or the ♥♥♥♥ing *DIRECTIONAL* jump pads! As if jump pads in a first person shooter didn't suck in the first place, imagine jumping into one, to have it shoot you back the opposite direction that you were running! If you're looking forward, you have no idea if bullets are behind you or to the left or right of you, which brings me to the next big ♥♥♥♥-up.Under the hood, 2k just recycled the Borderlands 2 engine with no real code improvements, so it can't be that bad, right? Just ignore the platforming as much as you can and just play the game. But they didn't even do that right! The most amazing thing about Borderlands 1 and 2 was the balance. There was always a feel for ""this is my level - go here or don't go here."" But in pre-shitquel, that's gone. You can kill 200 randomly spawning characters without losing a single life point, just to face an undermatched badguy with some form of caustic ammo that will kill you in like two shots. And these aren't normal shots - you can dodge the bullets to have lightning explode out of them to still kill you. And you can't buy caustic armor or anything a normal ♥♥♥♥ing game would let you do. Your only options are to grind it out until your character is super-powerful - which is the ultimate in ""why the ♥♥♥♥ am I playing this as opposed to another game?"" non-fun, or go on YouTube and see how some broke kid who cannot afford a better game wasted hours trying to figure out some non-intuitive thing like ""Even though the game gives you the option, do not play it with this character. You cannot win.""Finally, you have the stupid lack of oxygen game play♥♥♥♥♥♥ So in the future, you can easily fly to the moon, but they have lost 1960s technology to make a ♥♥♥♥ing air tank that lasts more than 60 seconds?! Remember in Sonic 2 the underwater level where you have to run around looking for air bubbles? Well, pair that with armed gunmen shooting at you and knowing that you have to stand there refill your air tank. And one of the characters is a ClapTrap! The ♥♥♥♥ does a robot need air for every 60 seconds?! It's a totally unnecessary filler move by the game designers to drag out an already sub-par game.Instead of improving the environments so that there is less time spent walking around, or even better - making level grinding more interesting by, I dunno, something from 1994 Shadowruns - random mission generation, they try to cross genres with a genre FPS/RPG fans don't want, and a ♥♥♥♥ing genre platformers don't want. There's a reason Mario and Sonic weren't packing guns. That's not their ♥♥♥♥ing genre! I respect being creative and trying to cross genres to make a new style of game play, but that's not what an established title is for. Did you learn nothing from Zelda 2 or Mario is Missing?Bad platforming elements in a non-platformer. Limiting the RPG elements like the gun shop early on to force new elements like 1864 oxygen tanks. Completely random ramping up and down of difficulty in an experience-driven game. And the inability to name a single thing that this game does better than Borderlands 2 makes this an easy pass."
,Not Recommended,261640,13605128,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,RAWRsoft,"I had fun playing Borderlands 1 and really fell in love with Borderlands 2. I’ve played #2 all the way through probably three times. So with that said, I had high expectations for this release but I don’t feel like the Prequel hits the mark. I found myself getting irritated with some of the game mechanics like the oxygen mask counter and at times bored with the storyline. Now don’t get me wrong, I laughed at the jokes (Jack is just funny) but it wasn’t as enjoyable as #2 from the get go. I stopped playing about halfway through and will probably only pick it up again if I play co-op with someone."
,Not Recommended,261640,13618181,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Disturbed,"Borderlands The Pre-Sequel had the potential to carry on the legacy that the first two installments of this franchise had. But due to outsourcing the work on this game to 2k Australia, Gearbox failed once again with a game that could have made history. This game had dry gameplay, a boring story, it was unfinished for almost a full year, and it really just seemed like the developers at Gearbox didn't give a damn about it. I love this trilogy, but this game makes me think how very unlikely it is that the fourth installment will be good. I really hope that they will be able to comeback from the ashes of The Pre-Sequel, Borderlands is byfar my favorite series, but with the disappoinment of this game, I just pray that Gearbox will actually work on the game alone and ignore 2K. We have seen what they are capable of, Tiny Tina's DLC and even Claptrap's DLC in the Pre-Sequel were phenominal. Let's hope they can bring that magic back."
76561198001629469,Not Recommended,261640,13644401,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Blizzard,"A moderate attempt at a Borderlands sequel but it carries forwards several problems of old. Character progression is dull (old Diablo style with limited distinction when levelling up abilities); side quests haven't particularly progressed since the original Borderlands; the number of standard human enemies used is far too high; and the story is distinctly worse (I know!) than that featured in Borderlands 2.  Anti-grav is fun for a bit, although confusingly missing in some later areas.The season pass add-ons may well salvage this to be better but I'd otherwise give it a miss this Xmas season."
76561198121059184,Not Recommended,261640,13648391,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Vanatosis,"I have logged many an hour on Bordrerlands 2 and I absolutely enjoyed every moment of it...  this is just not up to par.  I dished out almost 90 dollars on the game and the season pass for a game that you can beat in roughly 20 - 30 hours.  Story- wise, the game falls right into line where it should.  Playability wise, though..  unless the DLC comes on par with some of the Borderlands 2 DLC packs, this game is definitely not worth full price.  The ""feature"" of vault hunter mode and now the new Dome fiasco DLC brings really nothing new to the plate other than dialogue.  Tiny Tina, Gaige and the others are all humorous in their own right, it doesn't make up for just re-hashing the same stuff over and over.  B2 brought whole new areas to the plate.  If my season pass is just paying for new characters and the glitchy mess of the Dome..  let's just say I won't be putting my hard earned dollars toward this franchise anymore.  2K needs to listen to the NUMEROUS complaints on this issue and really think about the longevity of this franchise.  If they intend to bury it after this.. they are well on the way to doing so, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off alot of loyal fans like myself."
76561198067227944,Not Recommended,261640,13485895,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,jkaufmann221,"Overall a fun clone of Borderlands 2 but not quite as well polished, lots of glitches but if you liked Borderlands 2 you will find this game to be enjoyable.  The ice element is pretty dang fun as is low gravity but beyond that it is more of the same.  The jokes are OK but some just fall flat.  Its very repetitive by the end and just has a strong, unpolished feel."
,Not Recommended,261640,13559208,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Northy,Good Game ! If you enjoyed Borderlands 2 you will love this but be prepared for a taste of the same . Would recommend to buy Borderlands 2 GOTY Edition . More content for a lesser price wait to steam sales to pick up the pre sequal
,Not Recommended,261640,13578606,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ukesieni,"Where's my loot? Where's my boss fights?I guess they are the things that I miss the most after playing 300hrs of BD2.I have kinda mixed feelings about this game... It has bugs, and lacks diversity (in my opinion at least), but I did enjoy playing it through nevertheless. I liked all the new things, but feels like they were focusing on them too much?It's just not worth 50€, I bought it -50% so it was okay, but I'm sorry for those who paid full price.It's a hard decision whether to recommend this game or not.It's not crap, but if you haven't played borderlands before, you should go for Borderlands 2!I think this game is for those who are familiar to Borderlands and like the previous games.I'm going to NOT recommend this game. BUT, if you like Borderlands,  it is worth playing, it does tell an interesting story, just wait for the sales do not pay full price."
76561197970390340,Not Recommended,261640,13591326,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Quetschwunde,I don´t know what it is exactly but for me the feeling is not nearly as good as in bl1 and bl2. It all just feels thrown together and i never really get a good flow when playing the pre sequel.So i would not recommend buying this game
,Not Recommended,261640,13621593,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,A Big Gay Weenie,"Should you play this game? Yes, it's a fine game in of itself. Get it when it's on the cheap and you can swipe the dlc together for less $30.However, the price and scathing similarities to Borderlands 2 makes the $60 price tag for the base game difficult to swallow. This game is far too similar to the prior game. The mostly recycled gun system hasn't aged well and many of the guns look just as they did in Borderlands 2. Not only that, but a LOT of voice lines were just slapped into this game to cut corners. Even the Jack Doppelganger dlc reuses Axton's respawn animation.Pre-Sequal : Borderlands2 :: New Vegas : Fallout3Copy-pasting aside, the only thing that would keep me from playing this game at all is the necessity of the dlc. Unlike Borderlands 2, if a player has any content you do not you will not be able to join him/her. DO NOT GET THIS GAME WITHOUT THE DLC.Season Pass in a nutshell:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWXTK1faUfo"
76561198071385547,Not Recommended,261640,13468348,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jason,"What should i say about this game.....it´s fun but it isn´t worth the money.I will compare it with Borderlands 2 that you have  at least something.Pros:•It has a similar humor•Funny new mechanics•You can make legendaries•You get to know Jack better•Best End-Boss Ever!Cons:•Way too liniar•Bosses dont respawn(usally)•So far only Slaughter-doms expansions•Most laser weapons are♥♥♥♥♥♥•Story is meh,in my opinion6/10 only buy it if you like the Borderlands series"
76561198057511809,Not Recommended,261640,13538844,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HUgeneral,After beating the game it is an okay game really. I really miss the original Borderlands though. This really just seems like they were trying to put it out there fast or they were just really lazy! The scenery and the AI look no where near as good as they use to. Ammo is gone so quick there is no point. The biggest issue is oxygen! You are on a planet with no oxygen so you have to always find oxygen which can be rough at times. In the end it is fun for 40-50 hours and that is it. 6/10
,Not Recommended,261640,13486070,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kim jong illest,Would be good if I didnt have to unplug my internet connection to get more than 5 fps
76561198045308292,Not Recommended,261640,13486279,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,smeghead,"Quest breaking bugs. Unoriginal, not as funny, fun or compelling as the others in this series ... stay away from this one!"
76561198012654492,Recommended,261640,12507251,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,GalacticVII,Absolutely stunning. I've played a few hours so far and I'm absolutely hooked. Not a whole lot different as far as gameplay mechanics obviously but don't let that dissuade you from the amazing story the Borderlands series has to offer. Add in the Vacuum of space and well.....really do I need to say more? If you like Borderlands then wait no longer! GET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,261640,12494390,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NUT,Best Shoot Em Up series I've ever played. Everyones australian but you you get used to it. Claptrap could be worked on and athena should have some kind of sheild boosts. 9/10
76561198084861673,Recommended,261640,12498228,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,a theatre major,"TL;DR. Get it with a friend for optimal experience, it's worth it.I was hesitant! So if you are too, i know how you felt.Ive only played it for a couple hours so far, and there a few things that need to be said. (Good and bad)To those who post everywhere ""Glorified dlc! Glorified Dlc! Dont pay $60"" Well.. okay lets do the math. Krieg, a single Vault Hunter experience. Cost $10. There are four new vault hunters. This game is already worth $40. Krieg did not come with any actual game content. The most popular dlc, Tiny Tina's DnD, was $10, so given that this game has new content, it's gotta be *ATLEAST* $10 (I mean, it's a full length game, so it's the length of multiple dlcs..but still) There are new types of guns, not just new guns, but new types. And new new mechanics, like the gun grinding machine. Let's pretend that's worht $5. Not to mention the new skins, which we all know were worth money. So if this *is* just dlc.. all this dlc combined is worth $60, atleast.. plus. If you like the games these guys are making, and theyre trying to make more money for future projects...they deserve it.The bad part. Im solo-ing this game so far because my gaming-mate didnt have the money to buy it...and..it's frustrating. Not impossible, but a couple of the earlier bosses have huge shields that recharge, making it easy if you have teamwork going on, but if not, it can be difficult. Now, not impossible. Im still having fun, but I know some battles would be better with a battle buddy"
,Recommended,261640,12506056,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Coder JMC,"Do you enjoy shooting things?Do you enjoy ""inside"" jokes on popular memes/internet ""events""?Do you have an urge to collect shinies that go boom and bang then use said things on moving things that may or may not deserve it?Do you have the urge to play as CL4P-TP?If you answered yes to all four, you deserve to be commited. Seriously. Clap Trap? You've... you've met him, right? Everyone who has played Borderlands 1 or 2 has probably wasted a clip or two TRYING TO SHUT HIM UP! *ahem*If you answered yes to the other three you should be playin Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. The game takes the formula from Borderlands 2, tweaks it just a little bit (oxygen management and low gravity shenanigans for starters), throws in some tried-and-true crowd pleasers (Handsome Jack, Moxxi, variable rarity guns with cool abilities, scavs), adds in an Aussie accent to most the NPCs and serves up a ton of fun... despite CL4P-TP!Seriously, get this."
,Recommended,261640,12506962,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MrRegis,Butt-slam
,Recommended,261640,12495289,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sirknobbles,"This game..... IS AWSOME. its like Borderlands 2, but with much more content. Some people think it would be a better DLC instead of an entire game, but i think its better as a game. There are a few problems though. (I'm not complaining, considering this review was posted the day it came out.) me and my friend were playing. He was playing as ClapTrap, and i was athena. Since robots dont need air, he used it all to double jump. but if he runs out of air, his screen still shakes, but he doesnt take damage. You guys should fix that. over all though, this is a very great game and i recommend it to anyone reading this reveiw."
76561197965540850,Recommended,261640,12504471,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Optiknerve,BEST GAME EVAR
76561198019218435,Recommended,261640,12504642,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MonsterHunter,Great game cant stop playing it.
,Recommended,261640,12502925,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,kleinC,"its a very good game, but if you havnt played the borderlands 2 you wont understand a thing in this game, but still the second best borderlands"
,Recommended,261640,12506098,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,toxic,why is everyone australian
,Recommended,261640,12507333,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ASVPGVGE,FREAKING AMAZING GOOD♥♥♥♥♥♥2K!!
,Recommended,261640,12496376,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,VenithFour,"Did you enjoy Borderlands 2? Yes? Good. Then you will enjoy this as well. It's basically Borderlands 2 with insane zerp gravity jumps. Loot, shoot, comedy, action, lasers, and jump flying. Need I say more?"
76561198085313205,Recommended,261640,12501430,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,efryblanc,"If you are a fan of Borderland, just buy it, it is wat you think it is many side quest and gazilion weapon and item to loot forplus low gravity and new character?! wat else would want more!Love it!"
,Not Recommended,261640,13155692,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kaldire,"Want borderlands classic humor?You wont find it here.Want classic references and great story and gameplay?You wont find it here.Want loads of bugs, annoyingly silly diversion from foul mouth bl2 to the aussie version of goo goo baby talk swearingYou will find that here.Want lack of imagination? Terrible classes, and skills, huge maps with nothing on them, moonbuggies that fall with a full party in them (they should float as you do) they dontYou will find that hereThis game, I was hoping for, for a long while!When I heard it was turned over to team australia, well, I tried to get my money back but lets just say I knew what was comingif you are a fan of borderlands 2   and liked it, DONT GET BL 1.5 aka presequelIt will let you down on every markThe GoodNew zero G makes for great fun! truly the only reason to get this game imo, also a double edged sword, as zero Gsometimes shoots rare items into death fall zones and the mapping and clipping skills of the coders make you fall to death very eaisly, and then offer vault symbols and chests in places that look like death zones, but they dont kill you.. strangeNew classes, while so far, ive played 3 of the 5(if you count the dlc) the only character with any real humor is Nishaand all the classed bore me to death save for the claptrapNew skills, they are a good point, as they did change up, but 90% of the skills in this game are either pointless or useless, take your pickNew monsters well ok not really, just the same ones with helmetsLasers : well yep its one great reason to get this gameBUMSLAMS! oh yea baby prolly my most fun in the game, but gets old fast, and its bugged out, as most things are in the gameThe badThe classes: Terrible, really. truly. No imagination and boring as heckThe skills: as I mentioned they are great due to being new, but lack any meaning just like the plotThe plot: really there is a plot? save for the intro, and a few mid lvl sequences and the very end, there IS NO PLOTjust wow, seriously team aussie couldnt make someting? anything?zero g: its broken, most times again rare items and moonstones fly into the air into death zones,mobs get stuck in walls and under them forcing you to restart lvls, vehicles have gravity which is bs, a car cant make a jump in this game then get rid of them totally. team up to get in a car with 3 others and watch it fall into the lava like a dead rock dropAccents: While I found them refreshing at first, they really started to annoy me near the middle of the game.Also they mixed UK accents with aussie I cant say the word here but it rhymes with rockney accent, and tried to pass it off as aussie, ive been to Australia, no one down there talks the way they do in the game, even the aussie players will tell you they are overdoing it for effect, a long lasting draining one.The soundtrack is mindnumbing I usually play a music playlist from other games or even Bach is great on boss battlesThe bugs in this game ,, are insane,vault symbols that dont trigger but then force the points to stay stuck, forcing you to start over when they patch the symbols. Most quest can bug out if a mob gets into or under a wall and killing all mobs to trigger next event fails.Some quests wont allow you to turn them in, until you quit and restartThe grinder isnt explained well at all, 3 plays now I rarely use it due to pathetic items until tvhmtvhm is also an issue, whats the point the game was so terrible the first time around,achievments are broken in steam for some, as well as in game triggers dont workbugs abound.No patch in sight, though this review is prepatch, and pre dlc (which Im glad I didnt buy)If you are looking for a good shooter for borderlands get bl2  (1 is just ok bl2 rocked)but presequel if you wait, might be work a look for zero g and bum slams and lasers, thats about itif you are looking for great humor and plot  this game took all that was great in bl2 and stripped it away.A sad day that now 3 compaines have sold out to other teamswatch out .. first ubisoft, then lionhead aka microsoft and GFWL oo, now gearboxI am however awaiting the TELLTALE adventure game of BL series, that I know will rockbut as for the BL3, if team aussie does it, no way can I suggest buying itthis game gets a huge thumbs down from me and many many others if you view the forumsIts a decent bit of fun at times, but overall, its mindless jumping in space and bugs up the rear with no reason to really playloved ya gearbox, ye broke out heartsIf you are going to buy this game, wait.. seriously for a discount, if you have one, then get the game if you wish, just dont pay 60$ usd nor 30 more for pointless dlc crudsheeshA sad day, was a huge gearbox fan,I denounce you gearbox! :PEDIT: patch released and fixed only 2 things, out of 4-5 pages of bugsmy rank of this game just dropped another pointSTAY AWAY FROM GEARBOX!just my opinion"
76561198088270868,Recommended,261640,12484987,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TrontheTechie,"Review:This game is FANTASTIC, and it runs like liquid gold in linux, barring the few hiccups with the way my network configuration was set up (to play league of legends in wine I had to edit the file /etc/hosts and it caused some problems with the SHIFT network at launch, it may or may not be patched or fixed, but borderlands 2 had no problems with shift under the same set up, so I'm giving up LoL in wine, but there must be sacrifices).The opening and continuing narration is intriguing and conversations are different for each character, making each playthrough like an easter egg hunt for vocals and asides, and it keeps the humour fresh instead of the same jokes again every playthrough.They made a lot of simple adjustments that show a good philosophy between the designers to innovate in ways no one knew they wanted. For instance, while in your inventory you can mark guns and gear as favorite, but not junk, because the junk is just everything else. Change your favorites as you go, and never hassle with sales or gear dumps. Great for the hoarders amongst us.One of the things I was a bit apprehensive about was oxygen requirements, memories of terrible air bars of games past left me with a sour taste in my mouth. This system seems to only be in place to keep you exploring fast, but not wandering around forever, and gives just enough urgency to let you know, you need to plan how you move, and where you are going.Also ammo and oxygen tanks seem to be everywhere within reason, in contrast to previous installments. If you do run out of ammo completely, it won't be long before you'll be up going again.The devil is in the details, and they don't just add that level of polished refinement to just the UI and how you handle things with that, but when you are in a vacuum, you are muffled in what you hear, and if you open chests, the contents explosively decompress into the surroundings like goddies out of a t-shirt cannon at an event.Exploding goodies right into your face isn't satisfying enough for you? The jump and drift mechanic and it's physics are just awe inspiring. It feels GREAT to make that reeeeaaaallllly long jump after a double jump, and they KNOW it feels great. The ""Oz"" kit isn't only good for long jumps breathing and butt slams, it can be used to boost you forward to make walking speed preety quick and to remanuever that ill planned jump to your costly careening death.Final rating:(80 Billion x over 9000) / ButtSlamoriginal posts are below:2nd EDIT: The fix was simple enough with a little time and debugging. To anyone who plays League of Legends in wine, if you had to edit your /etc/hosts file to add your hostname to it to get that to work, that WILL break the shift network, at least for the first start, I haven't tested it further, and am frankly just happy to have it runnning natively. Just something to keep in mind, for other linux users.A full review will be inbound in 4-6 hours after I let aspyr know about this possible problem in the support ticket I started with them, so they can help other people who may have the same problem.Also, I don't like deleting what I posted initially, and I feel it would be dishonest and only hurt other people with the same problems, so for archival purposes, the rest of this post will remain intact, even after my full review.1st EDIT: shift network is working in windows, not in linux, hopefully a quick fix.Original Message: This abortion POS is unable to work on linux, using well within the acceptable standards. The game will not progress beyond the checking shift network and I cannot play this garbage. I would be happy to give a fair review for the $60 product I bought in good faith for linux and steam OS support if this sorry excuse for software actually worked.I am greatly upset about this, if you cannot support my operating system, do not sell me the product, it should be that ♥♥♥♥ing simple."
,Recommended,261640,12494290,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sixty ♥,"Gearbox have done it again. They've taken everything you loved about Borderlands 2 (including the memes) and shoved it into a full cost expansion pack. New gimmicks include anti-grav jumps and arena fps style downward strikes. Even better, they added lazer guns which are pretty cool. Thanks to having bought the other games, I've received some golden keys and overpowered beginning guns to allow you easy mode for the first ten levels. It wouldn't be a Borderlands game without new, interesting, gay characters and this one has plenty. Team up with pre-handsome Jack (John) and Moxxi. By the way, Moxxi takes off her makeup and is a hick. She told me not to tell, but ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥♥. Oh, and ClapTrap is still around. ♥♥♥♥ Claptrap, it's not funny.7.5/10 because it's something fresh to play when I'm not playing Destiny or CS:GO."
,Recommended,261640,12495437,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Codenamehal,"Let me just say, that from the Batman Arkham series, to Borderlands, Nvidia hasn't let me down yet! And there really isn't anything I can tell you that won't have a spoiler, except this: GOD DAMN! Explosions? Check. Awesome guns? ♥♥♥♥ing check. Kick♥♥♥♥♥characters? Mother ♥♥♥♥ing check. New swears for your vocabulary? You're damn right.Buy this, I promise you, you will NOT regret it. Now get out there and butt-slam some bad guys!"
,Recommended,261640,12495601,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Big Daddy Gabe Newell,"At about 11:45 pm, as i was waiting for this to come out like it was christmas morning, i decided to read some of the reviews from people in other countries. there was about 20 reviews at the time and most of them were literally just ""butt slam, 10/10"" i didnt realize why the butt slam was so popular (besides it being called the butt slam) i thought it would just be another attack. but after playing it, well, butt slam. 10/10."
,Recommended,261640,12496235,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,"SKD, Lord Of Dusk",I love this game. Definitely a great way to learn more about the storyline in the first two games
,Recommended,261640,16613184,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,✨｡･,"They took borderlands 2, put it on the moon, added some lasers and then released it for $69.99worth it"
76561198158300493,Recommended,261640,25747244,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Deevᵒᵏ,"Fav Characters: Torgue, Jack (before he got crazy) and Wilhelm.Most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones: Lilith, Moxxi, Claptrap.Noice game. Bye"
,Recommended,261640,25230414,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Regson82 is sleepy,handsome jack needs you
76561198082413136,Recommended,261640,30851444,Posted: 31 March,all,PiNkyCoRN,"I just love Borderlands, Every one of them! They are a pure pleasure to play and I will enjoy this games for a very long time! I truelly recommand people to try it, but I tell you, once you do YOU ARE HOOKED!"
,Not Recommended,261640,30136081,Posted: 24 February,all,Beginner Guy,"Borderlands 2: The SJW Expansion pack. Seriously, the first half of this game is literal poisonous indoctrination / brainwashing from the leftie camp who seem to feel it's ok to force their version of reality down the throats of mankind while those who disagree are supposed to just sit back and take it. Be careful buying for your teenage, impressionable youth. But, I happen to agree with this game. If you hate western colonialism, move to the moon or some other planet, no need to spend your time whining about the rest of us!Still, it's borderlands, put on music and tune out the nonsense and it's fun. Unfortunately, most of the DLC is horrible, HORRIFIC, and still to this day beyond overpriced. I can't say much about the character classes as I've only played Wilhelm. I don't care much for the other 3 options (maybe i'll try Claptrap) and I'm not spending $10 to play as jack or the other random new character. There is also absolutely no end game, so if you're expecting to relive borderlands 2, forget it. If you haven't played BL2, skip this and go get BL2 GOTY and a few of the extra DLC that isn't included in it.The Pre-sequel Uses the exact game engine from BL2, exact same UI, mostly the exact same items with the addition of some new laser guns. The double jumping / low gravity is my favorite thing about the game. No noteworthy / memorable NPCs as I thoroughly hate them all and would love to round them all up and throw a gravity grenade at their faces. I did like getting to learn more about Jack but the transition between him seeming to want to save pandora to becoming a violent nutcase seemed to have progressed in an odd manner, though I still did enjoy that bit of the game.Buy this game on sale, and buy the claptrap DLC on sale for some extra enjoyment. Avoid the rest.As much as I love Borderlands, this one gets a thumbs down for lack of originality, lack of any end game (which means lack of listening to customers), overpriced garbage DLC that should have been free, the utter abandonment of this game, and because I will never buy a game with political/social engineering in it again whether it's left or right wing, it has no place."
,Not Recommended,261640,30579852,Posted: 17 March,all,Blackberrystorm,"Terrible plot devlopment.Check.Cliche dialog.Check.Token gay character. Check.Terrible jokes about Y'all.Aparently the contraction of you and all equates to us being stupid.With bad delivery and aweful comedic timming they managed to just be insulting. Instead of funny.No upgrades to game worth mentioning. All the good jokes are gone. I don't know if the talent writting the plot is different or not. That said,  y'all should be ashamed to have produced this turd. Err.. sorry, I mean you and all your coworkers should feel bad for turning a good franchise into crap...>m8<. Refunded. Wasn't worth sale price."
76561198050299466,Recommended,261640,24495640,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Roadstar,"Inferior to Borderlands 2 in every way imaginable, yet still worth a play."
,Recommended,261640,29187362,Posted: 11 January,all,McSkeeto,Hey. That's pretty good.
,Recommended,261640,25471412,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[MGSFC] R1SK,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is in my opinion inferior to both the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2 but it's still a good game. The story sets between the first and the second games and it will show you why the Hyperion owner Handsome Jack is the main antagonist of Borderlands 2.There's 4 new playable characters:- Athena the Gladiator: A former Lance Assassin turned mercenary, and armed with a versatile Kinetic Aspis shield;- Wilhelm the Enforcer: A Hyperion engineer with a predilection to upgrade his body with cybernetics and a pair of Surveyor robots named Wolf and Saint;- Nisha the Lawbringer: A sociopathic, gun-waving sharpshooter capable of short bursts of pinpoint accuracy, rapid reloading and improved gun damage;- Claptrap the Fragtrap: A Claptrap robot supercharged with an experimental software (malware) package.There's 2 new vehicles:- Moon Buggy;- Stingray.The primary differences between games are:- Cryo replaces slag as a weapons effect- Laser weapons are included as an additional weapon type- Scav weapons replace (but are functionally identical to) Bandit weaponsThe weak points of the game for me is the content which is less than previous games, the level design and the few new monsters.Score: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,14466687,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,radGeist,"This game is alright, it feels like a Borderlands game, sure, but I can't get into it. It's a short campaign with levels that feel sort of boring and unmemorable. The characters you meet really aren't interesting, they're all kind of forgettable except for the ones we already know. I'm tempted to uninstall this game and just watch the ending myself to save time. If you like Borderlands, get this game on a sale for 30$ or less. You won't be coming back to it like you did Borderlands 2."
,Not Recommended,261640,12691123,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,GiganteLND,"It´s the same as the last one, witch was the same as the first one so there."
76561197993969473,Not Recommended,261640,13756590,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr-ElMac,"Loved this game at first then realised it was another BL2 dlc.Found it a slog to get to end and couldn't wait untill it had...done all side missions , got to end and can't face going back...a BL game i have had enough of after 59 hrs.....not good!as everyone else saying...no bosses to farm..no real interesting side quests...and what happened to the ARGYLE GUNS....is that the last dlc of the season pass?minor issue i had was half the loot you wanted flew off the map...died a few times trying to get ot before it did fly away..Borderlands world is awesome...but hope they do something new with BL3...and not bring out BL2 dlc with a different paint job an call it a different gamea lot of people will like this game...hardcore vault hunters will be dissapointed...taken away most of the aspects that made the BL series unique..and little reason to do UVHMbut if you are an avid borderlander you will still buy this and get some enjoymentif you haven't played BL1 or 2....i would recommend them over this.giving it a negative review because they made BL1 & 2 so good this just looks like something to bring some cash in whilst they are thinking about whats next6\10......"
,Not Recommended,261640,12691063,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Simbiat,"It's all fun good old Borderlands, but... Somehow slower. I mean, the fights can still be intense, but the time inbetween them seems... Eternal. Previous games also had some quite time, but it seemed way shorter. In the end this one just did not make it for me. Maybe the problem is, that it's practically the same game as before with minor changes to it, and my tastes changed, dunno."
76561198113321052,Recommended,261640,12916670,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ixeliteacexi,"If you enjoy the Borderlands series then definately pick up this game, it has a great story and the gameplay and combat is cool. However this game does have a fair few flaws such as, there are hardly any bosses which can be farmed (which farming to get better loot, plays a massive part in the obrderlands games), also 90% of all non laser weapons are just re named versions of previous legendaries. But this game is really good and I have thoroughly enjoyed playing it, so i do reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys the borderlands series."
76561197998328977,Not Recommended,261640,12848226,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,reemocin,"I love Borderlands 2, played it to death and I still go back now and again.This pre-sequel doesn't come close to it.Balancing issues (enemies types that are too easy or too difficult to kill), clipping issues (enemies flying, AND ATTACKING YOU, through scenery), getting killed and having no idea where it came from, the main NPC's are nowhere as interesting\funny\whatever as in B2, getting your 3rd and 4th gun takes way too long, loot flying all over the place (logical in a low-gravity environment, but a pain as a gameplay mechanic).And they kept Borderlands 2's bloody stupid pseudo 3D menu that is a pain to use; the person who designed that menu, and the person who OK'd it, should read some do's-and-don'ts-of-GUI-design books.This game is only about half the fun that Borderlands 2 was. Borderlands 2 could get difficult but was always fair and never got frustrating. In the relative few hours I spend with this game I got more frustrated then in all my hours spend on Borderlands 1 and 2 combined.In its current state I can't recommend this game. It's not a bad game, and maybe a better game than a lot of others, but it IS a huge letdown.If you're new to Borderlands then get Borderlands 2 because in almost every way it's twice the game compared to this pre-sequel. Or get Borderlands 1 which is not as good as B2 but still way better.If you already own B2 then wait for this game to (hopefuly) 'mature' with patches and DLC's."
76561198042630051,Recommended,261640,12887216,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SemiSkimmed,Great Game
76561198116166944,Recommended,261640,12919027,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,falco,very fun
76561198021749967,Not Recommended,261640,14477531,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jazz,"Did you enjoy Borderlands 2?  Good, go buy more DLC for it.  Honestly, there's nothing in this game that makes it worth buying over the previous title.  The story is rather bland and predictable, the characters are less interesting, and the gameplay is sloppier and tougher without much added fun factor.  Also, the limited air mechanic is annoying and detracts from the fun of fragging and strafing, which the devs probably should have considered at some point.  That said, this isn't a BAD title, I just see no reason to purchase it when there's a much better game with plenty of additional content available for a similar price."
76561198059566056,Not Recommended,261640,18474631,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Random the Tiefling,"Vol bugs, verhaal is onzichtbaar, wel leuke classes."
,Recommended,261640,12506722,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,John Kimble,"From what I have played so far I really like it. Was worried and considered not buying as it seemed to similar to the last 2.It's been tweaked and twisted, your loaded up with reward perks for being a loyal fan.Story is hilarious, characters are more interesting, world more vibrant.If you didn't exhaust your self enjoying the previous 2, pick this up."
76561198021563967,Not Recommended,261640,12495640,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cire2k,Borderlands :  the 60 $ DLC
76561197990567342,Not Recommended,261640,12505946,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Fat Tony,"What a waste of money. Unlike the first two Borderlands game, this game plays like it was hardly playtested at all. I'd recommend skipping over this one"
76561198019438148,Not Recommended,261640,12497054,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,D4RK1,"Pretty much a re-hashed BL2. DON'T BUY THIS GAME UNLESS IT'S ON SALE. I'm not saying it's like THE WORST game, but honestly there isn't much new content from BL2. The gameplay is pretty much like BL2, so it's monotonous, but still fun, worth it for like maybe $20-$30? Replay value suffers though because of unskippable tip pop-ups and unskippable cutscenes. If you're like me and like to try a bit of each character out before choosing one to go through the game with, this will be EXTREMELY frustrating. If not, then at least your other playthroughs will be rather frustrating."
,Not Recommended,261640,12511483,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,belar192,"I have been a die-hard borderlands fan since the first one.I just finished the first playthrough.  The game as a whole has that familiar borderlands feel.As a matter of fact it felt like a low-gravity DLC for borderlands 2.  Which is probably what it should have been.This game is not worth more than $40 as is.While Borderlands 2 had a few rather annoying enemies, in The Pre-Sequel ALL of the enemies are really annoying.The enemies butt-slam more than most players, which leaves you stunned and dead most of the time.A few areas felt impossible without a third or fourth player assisting.The map layouts are pretty confusing and there is only two kinds of map biome.  Inside structures or city, and on moon surface.  The similarities of the maps makes it feel like a very small game/world.The hit-boxes on enemies seems to be very small and hard to hit.When playing on someone else's server I have noticed that less than 50% of my shots register and inflict damage unless I am right in the enemies face.The jumping and gliding is nice outside of combat, but enemies do it too and they don't just glide, they fly.I wish I had better things to say about this game.  I really hope that 2k gets another try with a Borderlands game after this one.  And I wish I could say that I recommend this game, but I simply cannot."
,Not Recommended,261640,16691016,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,that's what she said,"Excessively overpriced 'game' (read: artificially lengthened DLC to sell at full price) riddled with even worse tublr-girl level writing, even more toothless storytelling, even more naive 12yo shoolgirl script and even flatter and more shallow and annoying characters than in original BL2. And instead of obsolete memes and sometimes witty dialogs you'll get whole load of modern politics and cringe-inducing jokes.Wait for a price drop AND big sale even if you do love BL2 that much to ignore it's nauseous plot/chars/dialogs completely (or have IQ low enough to actually find genuine fun in those). All in all The Pre-Sequel is just a very safe, very timid game, oversized DLC that is too afraid to change anything (read: outsourced development), and obviously just another cash-grab from glorious 2K. You are absolutely fine with BL2.Also, as always, PC-version lacks local coop for no any reason but because 2K are lazy and greedy and you don't have friends anyway. Thus PC version is feature-wise inferior to console counterparts and yet costs the same. Do your math how those guys are treating PC customers."
,Recommended,261640,12494304,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BuzzyBoo,"Hi Borderlands fans this is my honest opinion of Borderlands 2 Pre-Sequel. Personally I recommend this game if you played the previous Borderlands 1 & 2 before playing Pre-Sequel. Awesome start for now until I could do full run threw of the game, I'll withhold judgement for now & make more detailed article later on."
,Recommended,261640,12811649,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,texan,if you like video games. this is one
,Not Recommended,261640,13780996,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Deltatech,"ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːAfter Playing Borderlands 2 and now playing the pre sequal,The story isn't very good. I just end up ignoring the voicovers and looking for the next objective to level up.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=367928936This game is not worthy of full price purchase,it's not worth $29.99 on sale either.This should have been a $9.99 DLC for Borderlands 2.Almost everything is recycled from Bl2.even just Decent Guns are harder to get.The low gravity seems to be a simple physics hack of the same old engine.Disappointed in the new classes to choose from.There are two new vehicles,laser weapons, and O2 tanks, added but I haven't seen any new guns yet in 15 hours.Edit: on the second playthrough I found the grinder on a side mission, it's some way to make  or combine weapons, I haven't used it yet, but I doubt it would be a gamechanger.This is not $60 release material.I'm not happy with this purchase on sale @ $29.99If I could have kept my level 71 toon from BL2 instead of starting from level 1,I would have been at least content.ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamː"
,Recommended,261640,12497864,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"Sooo just bought it with my 1 month money for food... the game seems great, good soundtrack more importantly JACK!!! (i will try to add more stuff in this review after i play some of it).This game is about Handsome Jack before he become Handsome Jack, this game tells the story fo the rising of Handsome Jack. The new features about this borderlands, the npc interact differently with each of the characters including jack. The starting weapon is a bit underpowered and the lvl 5 boss is hard to kill. One thing about using claptrap is when choosing him as the character, they will warn you 3 times (LOL) to discourage you from using him. And his active skills mostly will spawn minion if youre playing alone which is sucks for me because i want to try other skills that he have. I wouldnt recommend it to ppl who arent Borderland Story fans because the mission kinda stall abit which make us to do pointless things like putting poster around moon.. The weapons are kinda underpowered for their levels. LOW LEVEL LASER WEAPON SUCKS.Pros :- handsome jack- Athena <3- cool soundtrack- great gunfight- awesome storyline ( for now )- great joke (tak beberapa hambar)- good portCons :- Story mission or others kinda stalling abit because of the map doesnt have much monster oranything. Just a plain field with weird oz glacier.- small map- early game enemy seems too stronk for early levels- early weapon underpowered- same HUD- weird nurse >.>- same kind of game- expensivePS: this game has a lot of bugs and glitches ( ive encountered several of them ). Well its because its just released, just give the game a chance for the developer to improve it.overall 7.9/10"
76561198018445015,Not Recommended,261640,13209061,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cream Toast and Stroopwafels,"Oh look, I have finally written a serious review.From someone with over 1700 hours on Borderlands 2*:Short answer:I bought this game at a little over half price thanks to some vouchers from my steam wallet, and I felt disgruntled. So I would feel absolutely cheated if I bought this game at full price.If it is still in it's current state, buy the GOTY at a dirt cheap price a year from now, you thankfully don’t need to be in multiplayer lobby full of strangers which would dwindle away to zilch a year on so you won't be missing much.Alternatively spend your money on a good book.Long answer:-End game:I start off with this because I have a feeling that this game was marketed towards existing fans of the series.End game value-there is very little so far.Like Borderlands 2, DLC may come to *save* the day however I cannot recommend buying any of it at full price when the base game’s quality simply does not live up to similar expectations of Borderlands 2.To be honest, I wasn’t expecting to be as good, but the constant fixing is getting on my nerves because most of it doesn’t address any of the popular issues with the game and they haven’t given a statement as to why:Fast travel to other maps still do not existRespawnable unique enemies still do not existSome skills still disable once you get on and off a buggy despite having “fixed” the issue.The raid boss mechanics are exactly the same as the normal boss but with more health. The only reason you would do it repeatedly would be to keep a record on how fast you can kill it next time.Gameplay:Borderlands 2 went to a moon and a space station. Take what you want from that opening statement.A number of additions peddled in the marketing are very good-lasers, the grinder, Oz kits, butt slams and low gravity. The problem is that some of it unbalanced adding to my frustration at the support the game receives. Do they seriously not acknowledge informal advice being voiced on videos, forum threads, social media…etc etc all echoing the same issues?Character class are on the whole very good, improved from Borderlands 2. Though I have a problem with Wilhelm being underpowered by comparison to all the characters.Mobs and scaling I do like, which was a major gripe about Borderlands 2.Terrain traveling in the more open sections of the game is odd because there are invisible walls where there should logically be. I understand that in the previous game you could get to a number of places you shouldn’t be but seriously? Over a cliff face in the same section of map that is clearly scalable by legitimate means?This brings me on to terrain glitches in internal areas of the game which are everywhere, nothing unusual about that from Borderlands 2 then.Quests all seem padded out and I spent a large portion of my time not doing anything interesting other than travelling passed low level mobs or admiring the scenery (Pandora, space station, star space station, Pandora…and look back again). Give us down time between actions but this is just a joke, it is a giant middle finger up at your free time!What is with the bloody unskippable cut scenes?Loot:Stingy as ♥♥♥♥ with a lot of weapons being totally part of the random loot pool and not part of farmable unique enemy that we know of (did I mention that some of the unique enemies do not respawn?). Are they planning to release these in DLCs? In which case ♥♥♥♥ off. Also the recent nerfing bonanza has made it harder to get good loot end game.A number of legendary items have returned from the previous game with a few added extras. However on the whole there is a disproportionate balance of improved fan favourites (some of them haven’t at all) and new legendary and unique loot. If this is a new game I want more new loot!This feels more and more like a dragged out expansion the more I write about it.Storyline and humour:Story is worse than Borderlands 2 (and that was pretty bad), better than Borderlands 1 (wtf was that about again?). Lilith commits more cardinal story sins just to set up the game for Borderlands 2 whilst setting up Borderlands 3 that it makes Michael Bay’s Transformers 4 look like a work of genius.**Humour will always be like Marmite in this game, but anything involving censored obscenity just sucks (Although replacing ‘midget’ was funny). Screw you Australia’s censorship Law.Most of the NPCs are dry and forgettable, or they add nothing to story. In fact there is total overkill on side quests that do not aid in the telling of the story.Final ConclusionDo: Call it a padded out standalone expansion sold at full price.Don't: Call it a DLC, its not short enough for that.Recommended alternative: Eating tacos whilst attempting to train your cat to hula dance to Taylor Swift’s Shake It Off, while a friend shoots the whole show on Instagram.  This would be a much better co-op exercise of your time.*As of writing, probably a lot more by now**Okay, that was a bit harsh on the Borderlands writers but still, a dumb cool game should not have to be filed next a Michael Bay movie. (Obligatory better than Twilight joke here)"
76561198024759308,Not Recommended,261640,12892291,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Crasikillez usa az,"This game is not worth $60 its just borderlands 2 repeated with new story line and a few new guns, characters and vehicles. This should have been a mappack but i suppose they wanted to ride the money train and rein♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e it as new. I feel its worth $15 tops and if you where getting bored with Borderlands 1 or 2 this will not solve that problem"
76561197973274252,Not Recommended,261640,12691550,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sydrian,"After 5 hours of this game, I can safely say, I'm really disliking the experience. Don't misunderstand, I like borderlands, but the composition here is just, it's not good, not for something released at a 60$ price from a franchise as successful as borderlands has been. It feels like literally more of the same with a less polished and cared for product; If that's what you want in borderlands, by all means, help yourself. I should warn you however; There are a few MAJOR problems I see with this game.Now... Understanding that the artwork of the game is a cartoony kind of look, their texture work is still important. And I'm going to link several screens I took this morning of things that stood out to me in my 5 hour run through the game.  I think we will start with what I would deem good or acceptable for what this franchise has done. Barring that fact that acceptable here is pretty widely defined, becase it is this fellow's opinion that your artwork should improve in quality as you continue to do it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=333143868http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/545260203967851385/919809DAA5D60B19DD5DFA9867EC182500BD4ADB/Now we've seen what I think looks fine, barring the fact that the resolution blocky looking parts grab my attention, as a whole it fits together, and that I can accept as an artists goal.Let's move a little deeper and begin to take notice of the things... That raise red flags, I'd call this the bridge fo the island of awful work. Could be perhaps the most painful images I uploaded, where the low textures and hi textures are together in the same vantage.http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/545260203967809806/D20D93806413DA2B2438676ED0BB3F8D00F05A21/http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=333143304Finally, let's get to low res objects on their own.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=333142103http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=333141904Literally looks like the great mighty poo left his mark all over this game, and not to rain on your hopes, but I haven't seen any sign of this problem stopping. It's important when part of your graphics charm is that comic-like art form or any art form for that matter, that your composition as a whole comes together cohesively, naturally. You don't pair lincoln logs with legos or megablocks, and you shouldn't do that kind of stuff here.That covers non-spoiler material. We're going to move slightly into spoiler territory, so move forward cautiously. I will be refferring to a few important cameos.Now, I can't bomb the game entirely for just this, but there feels to be a cultural isolation as well. Nearly every voice in this game that you will regularly interact with is Australian, granted it's being done by Australians, and I don't have a problem with that specifically, I can't help but feel like, the rest of the characters to appear, the ones from the previous titles, don't fit into the general behavioral setting here, 80% of the population around you is Australian, stands to reason you're probably gonna be Australian too, whether by birth or cultural assimilation; And based on that many of the characters in the game have heard of yours, probably safe to assume yours has been in that culture long enough to absorb substantial amounts of behavior. More importantly, I for the life of me, cannot stand to believe that Lillith, and Roland, would just idly stand by at a party, while the very moon they are currently on, is being shot at by a doomsday weapon that rocks the entire planetoid. The entire planet is being shelled by a station, clearly with the intent of fracturing the planet's core, and everyone just continues about business as usual... That right there, that's some REALLY BAD writing. Let me elaborate a little more on that, how much more immersive an experience could it have been if when the planet gets shot at, those two get on the horn, and start calling for some action to take down the attackers or get off that rock? I'm sure all the 'Hey I got a job for you!' people would've certainly been willing to hire a couple REALLY famous vault hunters in addition with their current hirelings to stir up trouble; And even understanding the insanity of the characters of the game being a standing thing, they still all clearly want to continue living, and they have shown that they are not beyond hiring someone to go attack the people making their lives miserable. That's just off the top of my head. Would've definately been more exciting to run a gauntlet of mobs with those two raging that their vacation was interrupted by  a bunch of jerks trying to blow up their vacation getaway. Anyway... Back to the rest of the details.Would I say this is not worth having? No... Not at all, it's still a borderlands game, and it feels like borderlands, but I don't think it's worth the launch price of 60$ I paid, not based on all these problems I see and can't ignore. I'd be willing to pay 30-40$ for a piece of work such as this at launch, and I feel that you'd be better off waiting to purchase this until it is on sale, or some of the issues that can be fixed(Graphics), are fixed; But if I'm being honest, this is probably a 20$ title right now if we're talking about overall quality as a complete composition.I hear this is a 25 hour experience, which is REALLY painfully low for any rpg; I dread to find out if this is true or not.I'd give this game 4 / 10, deducting points for character violations, graphics violations, lack of fresh ideas, and poor writing. It rides the hype train far more readily than it earns for itself and it feels like it misses some wonderful opportunities for greatness in some places."
,Not Recommended,261640,12714667,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Azundris,"The Good: While you're still clearly in the Borderlands universe where dumb people do dumb things, and player characters do dumb jobs for dumb people, this installment is more on BL1's level, seemingly having given up BL2's ""trying too hard to be funny, and only succeeding in being annoying."" No forced jokes. Jack is more sad and socially awkward at this stage than the annoying low-rent Joker of BL2. Even Cl4p-tp is surprisingly un-annoying, but then, this is more the Robolution claptrap than the BL2 one.The Bad: Speaking for myself, the characters and skills are OK, but there isn't a feeling of ""this is AWESOME!! I want it! I need it!"" with the skills, nor was there a ""must have"" character for me. This massively detracts from my enjoyment, but who knows, there may be a perfect character option for you in the bouquet.A rather unexpected one: I wasn't much for the genre of much of BL2's music, but it had character. In the pre-seq, it's the other way around; the synth/electronic soundtrack strikes closer to my taste as genre goes, but much of the time, it's quite bland and z-list, enough for me to actually notice while I play.The moon locations look a bit samey so far, but then, that's what everyone had expected.There seems to be a certain lack of QA. From small things like an annoying wealth of small edges that you'd expect to be able to step over but can't (and all jumps cost oxygen). The classes seemed very badly balanced at the start; I played the intro (up to where the action skill unlocks and then some) for all four classes, and they differed wildly in difficulty (and yes, I tried to play to each class's strengths/concept), even once the action skill unlocks. This is exacerbated by the fact that it seems less obvious which characters are team/support ones, outside of maybe Claptrap.  Classes in the review mirror may appear stronger than they are.(Addendum: First char I ended up leveling to 50 ended up being Athena. Turns out that was an OK for a former Maya; Athena has an equivalent of Maya's ""Res"" etc. and works nicely as healer/support as well as for dishing out damage in solo.)There are some jump/parkour puzzles (Secret Chamber, Veins etc.) that somehow don't mirror the frantic joy of accesing the roofs or the Robolution etc.For the first 10 or 20 levels, Assault rifles still feel underpowered for what they are; in fact they do so even more than in BL2.The mixed-bag: the ""running out oxygen"" thing would have been a nice idea insofar it limits how far you can explore, which makes a lot more sense than the idiotic shooting towers that would kill you if you stepped across an arbitrary line in BL2, but of course that's not how it works out, what with Claptrap needing no oxygen -- but then, this is BL; more a team sport than a game where story, logic, or immersion are at the forefront. On the downside, if constantly having to micromanage ammo in BL2 annoyed you, constantly having to micromanage oxygen will drive you positively insane until you get a decent o2 pack. Also, there's no reason why you should only be able to (do an oxygen-assisted) double-jump -- surely, if your o2-kit supports releasing some oxygen for a boost, you should be able to do it as often as you want within the same jump, if you feel you have the oxygen to spare? (No, you probably wouldn't want to most of the time as your o2 supply is ridiculously limited to begin with, see above, but it's grating to not have the option, and not at least having the lack explained away in a one liner. But again, it's BL, it's a team sport, it's not where you go for ""smart"" or ""makes sense."" *sigh*)You get your action skill earlier in the game than in BL2, which is good, but in practice you still get the ""have to buy 15 points of meh before you get access to anything interesting"" thing for some classes, same as in BL2.Since there is no DLC yet and there are only two bosses so far that people seem to farm, I'm beginning to wonder whether I'm done here and should go back to BL2.Recommendation: If you love the heck out of BL and need a new fix, this is it -- but in that case, you've already bought this. If you've never played BL, get one of the older, cheaper ones, or perhaps none at all (keep in mind these are purely gamist team sports; do not buy a BL game for the narration, or in the expectation that mechanisms make sense, or even that skill is necessarily rewarded). If you've played BL before, but you're still on the fence, wait till TPS gets much cheaper, or maybe skip it altogether."
,Not Recommended,261640,12690734,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,KT,"While it's not a bad game, it certainly wasn't worth $60. At no point did this game really get my attention involved in the story. The whole item I felt like I was simply waiting for something exciting to happen while I wandered around killing the same enemy over and over. The storyline is weak, if at all existent. The puzzles are dull. The combat wasn't even interesting.This easily could have been sold as a $20 DLC for Borderlands 2 and I would have been quite pleased with it. As a full stand alone game.... I'm bored with it after one play through. No interest in trying the other classes, or a higher difficulty.  Australia in Space was only charming for the first 30 minutes.Still on the fence about getting it? Wait for a seasonal sale where it's $10-20."
76561197973721992,Not Recommended,261640,12908123,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,2Face,The first part of the game was great you know jumping on the moon was fun all the levels were cool but this last part could have bin better. more like the last boss fight in borderlands 2. becuse the last boss fight in the new game just sucks  i rather keep playing Borderlands 2 then play this pace of garbage. but i mite go back to it if they add new campans to it other then that there is now point in trying to play this game again........the first and second Borderlands game are still the best
76561198006188124,Not Recommended,261640,13412011,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Golden Baboon,"I couldn't decide until the very end of this review that whether I wanted to recommend this game or not. In the end, I didn't.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel...or as I would like to call it;Brokenlands: The Pre-Breakuel.""Oh look, another negative review of B:TPS hurr durr.,""Please. (TL;DR review at the end)I've been a fan of the Borderlands series since 2009 when the first one came out and I played it for at least 500+ hours. When Borderlands 2 came out, I was even more excited and played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that game too. I finally purchased both of them on Steam this year(Arrrr !) and finished both games AGAIN with close to 300+ hours in both.Now, when B:TPS came out, first of all, I wanted it to be a great addition to the Borderlands franchise and be this amazing game that had lived up to the hype. I pre-ordered it(first game I ever pre-ordered) and patiently waited for 2 months. When I finally played it, I was...it was not the same. We all know that ""Borderlands"" experience and true, this was very different from it, vastly different story line, beginning gameplay and so on. It was different but not a good different. The first few hours that I played kept making me feel like I'm playing a Borderlands game but...without that Borderlands feeling. It wasn't the same. I can't pin-point and tell you what exactly this game needs and trust me, I wish I knew what it needed to make me have that experience but, I can't. I'm not a game developer, I'm just a huge fan of this series and this game didn't deliver.Let's talk about some of the good things, the bad things and the ugly things -Good things+ BUTT SLAMS ! To be honest, it was the first unique thing that we experience in gameplay(aside from the environment of the moon) Butt slams make this game a Borderlands game and I'm happy they exist.+ Action skill available at Level 3 instead of 5. (I guess that's a good thing)+ A very familiar face who loves explosions gives us an early mission(too bad he doesn't come back)+ Lasers ! 4 different types and lots of fun. Not my personal favorite(except for one legendary in a stone)+ Random♥♥♥♥♥missions which make no sense but are hilarious(true to the Borderlands spirit !)+ Two new vehicle types.+ Lots of legendaries from Borderlands 1 & 2 as well as a few new ones. They made sure that every person playing got at least 2-3 per playthrough.+ And...I'm struggling to think of anything else.Bad things- If anyone who isn't familiar with the game already, the action skill of Nisha, Showdown, is broken as ♥♥♥♥ mid to late game. The sheer amount of damage that you can slam on enemies is really too much that its not even funny(w.r.t El Salvador from Borderlands 2). If you want to duel a good Nisha, be prepared to die.- Among people complaining of particular guns being overpowered, I wouldn't know too much about that but since people are saying so, I added it.- The story line. It is dreadful, predictable and very open ended.(I'm not talking about the obvious parts after playing Borderlands 2 but the sheer narrow scope of the story itself makes you wonder why didn't they add plot twists or expand it)- The playthrough itself is short. Like, really short w.r.t Borderlands 1 & 2. If you solely wanted to do story missions, you could finish the game in 4 hours. It took me around 16 hours to finish all quests and the final raid boss and I take my time !- (SPOILERS DON'T READ THIS PART IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THE GAME. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED)The raid boss at the end is not difficult at all. You can solo it or with a party of 2 very easily even with non-legendary items. I was just hoping it was something different and not the exact same boss as the end game boss, except that you have to kill him 3 times each. That's VERY lazy programming and thought output. You could have made a completely different raid boss, 2K Aus.- Oxygen. 02. OZ. Whatever. I never thought Oxygen would be such a liability on occasions but if you equip the ""wrong"" 02 kit and butt slam 3 enemies, you can run out of oxygen in 2 seconds. Its quite irritating with the human players but CL4P-TP don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about 02.- UVHM has no health regen... Okay, that's up for debate but in my opinion, health regen aside from the health boost to enemies is what made UVHM a challenge to most players in the first place. Really disappointed.- ( I can go on with the bad things but let us not)Ugly thingsThis game is filled with bugs. Like, not even the funny kind. The game breaking kind. While I only have screenshots for a few, here are some of them -(again, spoilers and stuff. Proceed with caution)*Janey Notepad glitch*Dual SMGs with Nisha. You can pretty much dual any gun.*Item with 0% extra damage...why make it ?*Jack inside a wall.*Laser weapon bug upon killing airborne enemies.*Got stuck into the ground after getting off a Stingray.I could go on with the links but let's not.QQ The worst bug is that quests get accepted on their own at times(like the Scav one in Triton Falls) even if you don't talk to the person.QQ There are more game breaking bugs like ECHO recordings being cut off randomly(usually they get cut off if another ECHO is activated but...no. They just stop.)QQ The infinite moonstones glitch and loyalty weapons thing when you start a game. The shotgun is so ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered, you don't need another weapon till Level 8.QQ Bosses disappearing into the ground(I'm looking at you, Deadlift.)QQ Challenges being marked incorrectly(the one camera challenge in R&D map, among others)QQ People having problems downloading updates because they bought the Season Pass.Again, I can keep going on, but let's not.TL;DR review-This game had such huge potential and it could have been so much more fun and give an awesome Borderlands experience but sadly, it never lived up to it and its a real shame. As a true fan, I will still keep playing the game and purchasing some future DLCs but I'm really disappointed in 2K and 2K Aus for releasing such a shoddy, bug riddled and not a fun gaming experience whatsoever, w.r.t a Borderlands game.If you're a huge fan of the series, buy ONLY if it's on sale, otherwise, its really not worth it. The game is playable but you'll probably be disappointed. 40/100. 2/5."
76561198125316169,Not Recommended,261640,13414674,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,kevindunn07,"Don't buy the season pass....complete scam. Holodome is garbage (coming from a huge borderlands fan)There are almost literally no gun drops, virtually zero exp and you'll lose all your money buying ammo. You'll fight the exact same 3 enemies for 2 hours for nothing."
,Recommended,261640,12696005,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,요히르,really good story and amazing gameplay besides one thing... missing endgame and unfarmable bosses.... i hope dlc's will fix these issues and will make this game not only good it would make it excellent
,Recommended,261640,12495602,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,FLYWOLF,"Great gane, already beat it and can already tell that its going to be plenty worth the 60$ and 30$ for season pass! get it before you regret it!"
76561197970701643,Recommended,261640,26178872,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Same old problems. Overly streamlined, slinky clunky shooting for console babies, try hard unfunny characters and a reptitiveness setting in.On the other hand the visuals are astounding, still one of the best looking fps you can play and as clunky as the shooting is, it's still pretty good.It's ok."
76561198067640410,Recommended,261640,16579683,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,daxter,First thing to do when landed on the moon: Tell Nel he is a♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,261640,22888027,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Gravity,Lasted longer in space than the Mars Rover..
76561198086383812,Recommended,261640,12508016,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Javves,I'm not really sure why everyone on this moon is australian but other than that this is a solid pre-sequel
,Recommended,261640,12499600,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Aronith,"Expectations met reality, gr8 game I r8 8/8 m8 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)DID I MENTION BUTTSLAMS??? EEEEXPLOOOSIOOONS!!!!!! CRAZY NEW AWESOME BADASS MONSTERS!!!! OVER 600 BAZILLION GUNS!!!!!!! LAZER GUUUUUUUNS!!!!!!!! LAZOOOOOOOR! LOOOOOOOOOOT!!!!!! DID I FORGET TO MENTION BUTTSLAMS!?!?!? WHOOOOOOOO!!!! LOOOOOT, MONSTERS, LAZEEEERS BUTTSLAMS AND JUMPING PADS!!!!!!!!"
76561197972607142,Recommended,261640,24432629,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,g4ng,"Not quite as good as the amazing Borderlands 2, but pretty close since it's pretty much the same gameplay.  Anyway, you're wasting time reading this review that could be spent playing this game.Why are you still here?  Play the game."
,Recommended,261640,12508767,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TOO HANDSOME,"I like pretty colours, this game has pretty colours."
,Recommended,261640,25596768,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,lian lee,怎么说呢，我是看老E跟乌鸦的视频来的，枪的手感不错，先玩的前传再玩的2代，前传相比于2代的确没有太出彩的地方但其实也不差了，枪战时飞来飞去的挺好玩的，开车摔下悬崖的事情经常干，希望有在澳洲的小伙伴一起联机呢，大家都跑去玩2代前传跟鬼服真的没什么区别呢
,Recommended,261640,12495811,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ducki,"500 Ice puns, need I say more?"
,Recommended,261640,12495757,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ResseyBoii,is gud
76561198093642998,Not Recommended,261640,17267792,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,4/10 wouldn't 'Stralia again.
76561198002916871,Recommended,261640,12495607,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,dcarey,"Do you love Borderlands? I mean, do you ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE Borderlands, just the way it is, with no changes? Do you think the environment art is so great you want to run by it twice, sometimes 4 times? Do you like fetch it quests? Do you like fetch it quests to the same spot that you were 5 minutes ago? How about some spotty VO with some occasional great lines, surrounded by stereotypical Aussie banter?Then have I got a game for you!It's not a bad game, but they should have sacked up and called it an expansion pack, which is what it is. We've seen this all before. Giving it a thumbs up for old time's sake, but I'd be surprised if I played it for more than a few hours."
,Recommended,261640,12508242,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,LoneWolfENTMT,Ive only played this game for about an hour and I can say that it is a great game! The graphics look about the same but the new mechanics like O2. It looks and works great! I can say that I give it a 9.5/10! The storytelling is great and I just love the humor is really good.
,Recommended,261640,12508253,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Grill3dCh33z,"Not worth $60. Simply put, it's Borderlands 2 with lasers and low gravity. Still a kick♥♥♥♥♥game if you like grinding through side quests and whatnot. I am a fan of the franchise so I had to pick this one up. The story has been pretty awesome so far.8/10"
76561198036945692,Recommended,261640,12505102,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jordomav,Lots of fun.  Not as good as Borderlands 2 but better than the first.  Easily a 8.75/10
,Recommended,261640,12506014,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jötunn,"Two words: FRIGGIN' AWESOME! Buy this game right now for f*cks sake. Regret it, you will not. Plays like Borderlands 2, with the added pacing required by finding oxygen, and explains some questions from Borderlands 2. Kraggons are probably the most annoying enemies in the entire series, given how they split in two after they are killed. Would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoyed Borderlands 2. Does still siffer from the long walks needed to get you objectives, littered with enemies, but that has been a part of Borderlands since the first game. In any case, it is a great game, and hints at a possibly even more epic Borderlands 3."
,Recommended,261640,12506147,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Vannie,"Get this. Get this right now!! I'm sure you're afraid it's going to be more of the same thing, and for the most part (so far) it kinda is, but with new spins on things! The up-to-date pop culture references and pro-female gamer messages are enough to make this a for sure buy!Torgue sure knows how to treat the ladies!"
76561198105798568,Recommended,261640,12495169,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tid,"I cant begin to say how amazed I am! I mean like wow just wow this game is one of the best right now! The new features are amazing! LOW GRAVITY, GROUND SLAMS, MORE GUNS!!!!! I love this game so much and everyone should get it!The storyline is great! What more could you want? This game is perfect."
76561198097060893,Recommended,261640,12497473,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Mr.Jack,"This games fun like the franchise is, dont listen to dumb people talking crappy about this gold GO BUT SLAM EM"
76561198018648859,Recommended,261640,12506787,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,moxretroero,"Rating: 7/10 -Is the game good?  Yes.  Worth $60?  Probably not...  But its still a very fun experience.  Good but not great so far, and I will rewrite my impressions when I am done.The game is pretty much more of the same as far as Borderlands is concerned which is NOT a bad thing.   Several aspects of the game feel weaker than the previous main installment, but the new elements such as the low gravity and slamming are fun and don't ever get boring.The Good:Borderlands the Pre Sequel pretty much keeps the gameplay of the previous installments, which has always been entertaining, if not particularly groundbreaking.  The new gravity and jumping mechaincs are fun from the start and stay entertaining throughout.  Collecting ridiculous amounts of loot is still a blast, and the new environments are quite pretty.  While some say the game's humor is very weak, I'd say its still strong, just very much diluted - Borderlands 2 had every mission as hilarious as possible, while the Pre-Sequel has a lot fewer outright funny quests and characters.  This is, in my opinion, completly covered for with the frequently hilarious vault hunter dialogue, especially from Claptrap.  Speaking of which, the vault hunters are a lot of fun both in terms of gameplay and humorous quips (except for Athena... she can be a bit boring).  Finally, the story chronicalling the rise of the much loved/hated villian from Borderlands 2, Handsome Jack is so far solid and very entertaining.  A few moments do fall flat, though.The Okay:The new laser weapons are nothing spectacular - it feels like it fits in the series and they have their own ""feel"", but they are not particularly spectacular.  I feel similar about the loot - it fits with the series, but nothing spectacular.  A higher number of ""exciting"" loot drops would be very much appreciated.  Also, combat seems rather inconsistant - some fights are relentless and brutal, filled with badasses and varied dangers (seriously, it feels like there are more badasses in some of the earlier missions than in the entirety of a run through Borderlands 2...), but other fights are quick and feel empty even when similarly leveled to the player.  The Scav enemies are basically bandit analogues, and feel very similar to those in the previous game.  Most quests are mechanically uninspired as well, being simple ""go to x, kill y"" affairs.  Though, since this was very much the MO for the previous games, I don't know what people were expecting...The Bad:This game does drag at many points, and the lack of humor in some parts leads to stretches of the game that can be a bit of a chore to complete.  In additon, some of the new characters are rather lame, and retcons to some characters feels done just for the sake of doing it rather than for any particularly good payoff - but that might change when I finish the game.  Oh, and the timed quests are still annoying as ever, often requring you to go through an clear areas once (failing the quest because you took too much time) to have any shot at doing it on the second try.  Doing them single player can be quite difficult in a frustrating way.  Try not to play SP by the way if you can help it - the best aspects of the game (the vault hunters and fast paced combat) shine brightest with friends, while the worst aspects (the long boringish sections, and the unintersting missions) are exponentially more annoying solo.  If you do not want to play multiplayer, consider my review a 6/10 rather than a 7/10.The Ugly:The moon buggy can take a leap off the cliff, which is all it seems to be good for.  You get another vehicle around level 10 or 11, and it is so much better it isnt even funny.  The weapons for the moon buggy are fun though.In summarry, a good but not great entry in the series.  While it is more than an expansion pack, it isnt up to the standard of the previous game or its better DLCs (Tiny Tina's), but it is still a lot of fun and is more than a cash grab by 2k.  Anyway, have fun on Elpis, Vault Hunters!"
,Recommended,261640,30381694,Posted: 7 March,all,dpinizzotto,Great 3rd game in the series.  The new gameplay makes it a lot of fun and the story is always captivating
,Recommended,261640,12495477,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,evil_moccasin,"good game worth 60$ it does NOT feel like a dlc and it improves on borderlands 2 and its dlc's by adding more involved missions, character interaction and MOTHERF###KIN LASERS!10/10 for realsies"
76561197992381580,Not Recommended,261640,13156796,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,the3stars,Poor addon for BL2 with a plethora of hacks and zero online players. Just play more BL2.
,Not Recommended,261640,28296000,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dukefrukem,"The Pre-Sequel is the Return of the Jedi in Star Wars. Return of the King in LotR. And more aptly, it’s The Battle of the Five Armies in the Hobbit. It’s the third part of a trilogy that seems to have overstayed it’s welcome by losing a little bit of charm from the second installment.For reference, I dumped 80 hours into Borderlands, 154 hours in Borderlands 2, and only 74 into the Pre-Sequel. Shame on me for thinking I would get the same experience in BL2. The Pre-sequel feels like a half-baked attempt at a Borderlands game.Before getting into the game, I was already annoyed out of the gate when Gearbox didn’t offer a 4-pack like the previous two games. My three friends and I were planning on getting the 4-pack and play through as co-op. Instead we each shelled out $60 plus $40 for the DLC, which we also thought, (shame on us again) would be near the same level of quality as the BL2 DLC. Fans of the series I think would agree with me, that Tiny Tina’s Assault on Dragon Keep was some of the best DLC BL2 and in recent memory. It was funny. Fun. Long. And unlike anything else we’d seen in BL. And this was just one of the DLC. Mr. Torgue’s Campaign was great. Captain Scarlette was great.  But in the pre-sequel we get a bunch of packs and an Onslaught level thing. Nowhere near the level of quality in the previous game.The game itself is riddled with bugs and graphical glitches and strange physics- which is strange because Boderlands 2 was like a rock. Here are five examples of bad QA. There was even a sequence where we fell through the map. Check them out below.Example 1 Physics Issues:http://youtu.be/kxivF5Kc2iUExample 2 Map Issues:http://youtu.be/C5j7erOosVMExample 3 Game Crash Issues:http://youtu.be/JGbzXpAc70EExample 4 More Physics Issues:http://youtu.be/sbFgALz1j_wExample 5 More Map Issues:http://youtu.be/IARQUczwu6MAnd finally the story itself is just not as engaging as the previous games. It feels dull. Uninspired. And downright boring. The four of us made the best of the co-op experience, which I would recommend playing it that way if you choose to play this game. Playing solo would be like watching paint dry."
,Recommended,261640,14182874,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Wrangledinkspud,"I love this game so much I had a reccuring nightmare where my save data was lost.However in all seriousness, this game may not be as long or as expansive as Borderlands 2, but it is still my favourite game in the entire trilogy by somehow improving on every aspect of the game even further!First of all, the writing is the best it has ever been, with constantly hilarious dialogue and a perfect bridge between the first two games as the main story missions take you through a narrative that progressively makes you feel more and more self loathing as you link your actions to the consequences in the second game. I can prove this as I have now played through the main quests AND all of the side quests 4 times now and each time I'll notice something new or laugh out loud (which is very rare for me) at the same humour each time.More importantly, the gameplay is more complex than ever before, with more advanced skill trees that provide several devastating combonations by selecting traits from multiple trees , allowing the potential of each character's replayabilty to increase considerably. Additionally, the introduction of entirely new combat aspects: the butt-slam and the cryo element were astoundingly useful and actually developed the combat unlike the failed slag element (you most definitely won't be missed). I say this because every different part of combat in the game is coherent and work perfectly following on from eachother back to back, with melee attacks being more responsive and elements/action skills complimenting eachother flawlessly in the midst of a confrontation.Despite all of these additions, there are more prominent features that seemed to get lost and forgotten as many people complained about the lack of new weapons and changes in the formula which confused me becuase the new OZ kit and Grinder features which skyrocket the potential to acquire new weaponry and fills you with eexcitement each time you begin a new grind.Overall, the only problems that i feel affected me were a few minor bugs that could be fixed by restarting the game and the less than satisfactory DLC packs that came about.TLDR: I own all three Borderlands titles on two consoles and have played each one to death, with this game leaving me the most satisfied. All aspects of the game are improved upon and the campaign may be shorter but it is still insanely captivating and a hell of a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,261640,13466887,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,seabiscuit,Great Game
,Not Recommended,261640,29959018,Posted: 16 February,all,Underwater_Sniper_Waifu,Bad PacingOxygen system is just annoyingAlways Underleveled for some reason even if you're a sidequest junkieBoss fight is a memeLike not even a good onecollect 100 white weapons for a flower
76561198077772034,Not Recommended,261640,13207922,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,(HoC) Pancake,"It's just really ♥♥♥♥ing bad, don't waste your money."
76561197976837296,Not Recommended,261640,34364784,Posted: 19 August,all,mahkra,"Somehow the game seems less polished than 1 and 2, and the physics feels way too floaty. Not just with jumping, which is intentional from the low gravity, but the gunplay feels ""loose"" too. Probably would be fun with friends, though honestly I would rather replay 1 or 2 than play this. Single player, it's a below-average shooter. And the RPG mechanics are just annoying on PC as inventory and character menus are cumbersome to navigate with mouse and keyboard.Overall, this is a lazy sequel and a lazy console port. I loved the first two games (though as a mostly solo gamer I wish the endgame content didn't require a party quite so much) but this one is just sub-par in every way. It's not terrible, but it's disappointing as a Borderlands game and there are a ton of better FPS games out there to spend your time on."
,Recommended,261640,12872608,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Demadizzle,"10/10 Flawless game, takes everything great about the series and expands on it. Borderlands 3 Hype continues."
76561198055943329,Recommended,261640,12696300,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Adam Jensen,Awsum and kuul 6/6
,Recommended,261640,12700230,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Arphiax,"Did you like Borderlands 2, but wished it had lower gravity and lasers? Then this is the game for you friend."
76561198016886079,Not Recommended,261640,23045180,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Oh Hai,"As being a massive fan of the borderlands franchise, and dumping hundreds, if not thousands, of hours into the borderlands games (on Xbox), i can honestly say that this game was a huge let down for the franchise. The game is not really worth the money you spend on the game, the game is loaded with bugs and glitches all over the place, and most of the time i often find myself bored after playing it for 30 mins. My opinion, dont buy it. Spend your money on something better than this game."
,Recommended,261640,25027387,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,YouTube Cancer,"LISTEN UP SPACE JOCKYS! YOU MAY BE THINKING WHY YOUR HERE, WELL LET ME TELL YOU WHY YOUR HERE: BECAUSE THIS IS THE MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING MOON! AND YOU HAVE TO SHOOT BADIES AND BADASSES WITH YOUR MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE LASERS SO YOU CAN SAVE THE MOON AND THE PLANET BELOW FROM A FORMER DAHL GENERAL WHOSE PARENTS MUST HAVE HATED HER TO GIVE HER SUCH A STUPID NAME. SO THATS WHY YOUR HERE, BUT YOU MAY BE ALSO WONDERING WHAT KIND OF WEAPONS YOU CAN EXPECT TO FIND AND OR BUY! LET LET ME TELL YOU IN EXCESSIVE CAPITAL LETTERS! 1. THE TRUSTY PISTOL! 2. THE GOOD OL' SHOTGUN! 3. THE HELPFUL SMG! 4. THE CLASSIC ASSAULT RIFLE! 5. THE EVER MORE CLASSIC SNIPER RIFLE! 6. THE MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING ROCKET LAUNCHER! 7. LAAAAAAAZZZZEEEERRRRRS!!! AND SINCE THIS IS THE MOON, THE GRAVITY IS LOW AS♥♥♥♥♥♥ SO START JUMPING! BUT THERES ALSO NO OXYGEN SO YOU HAVE TO RELY ON THE EVER SO TRUSTY AND NOT ANNOYING OZ KITS!!! BUT I'M NOT EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING DONE YET! BECAUSE ON THE MOON EVOLUTION MAKES NO SENSE SO PREPARE TO ENCOUNTER ENEMIES THAT MAKE EVEN LESS SENSE THEN THE PREVIOUS SENTANCE, AND ALSO DISCOVER THE ORIGIN TO ONE OF THEE MOST BADASS AND ANNOYING CREATURE EVER! BUT THERES NOT JUST MOON ANIMALS HERE! THERES ALSO DIRTBAG SCAVS AND DAHL FORCES TRYING TO KILL YOU FOR SOME REASON! DO YOU THINK I'M DONE?! WELL I'M NOT! I CAN GO ABOUT THIS ALL DAY BECAUSE HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WE'RE ON THE MOTHER FU- *BZZZZZZZT*Heheh, sorry about that kiddos, I don't know how that guy transmited that onto our invite. But he did kinda explain every thing for me sooooo, you wanna come to the moon to save Elpis and Pandora all in one go? Yes? Good because finding Vault Hunters is harder then you would think."
76561198066274286,Not Recommended,261640,35036391,Posted: 17 September,all,BlueLand87,Borderlands 2 is way better! No reason to purchase this title. You will find no depth here.
,Recommended,261640,12781594,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,IChugWindex,Racist Hot Dogs.
76561197971600520,Not Recommended,261640,13109904,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Yiiiip YipYipYip,"(edit)Just wanted to say: 174 hours on Borderlands 2 for Steam... not including the two full play-throughs I did on PlayStation... I love Borderlands, but this ""Pre-Sequel"" is not fun for me. I paid $60 for this crap and after experiencing it I am very upset that they charged AAA prices for what is nothing more than a B-rate ""expansion"" DLC for BL2.(original post)Franchise is going downhill fast. As if Tiny Tina content wasn't bad enough: I just paid $60 for this crap? What a waste."
,Not Recommended,261640,13120531,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,iSudd !,Same Borderlands 2 and Boring about Oxgen
76561198155203717,Not Recommended,261640,18725621,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,dancarruthers,"Wish the game was easier for single player offline.  Love the writing and characters,  too bad I can't see more of it because it's too bloody hard!!!!  Not for the casual gamer, which is a sad waste of the fun world they created."
,Recommended,261640,12497902,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Plot: FunnyGameplay: Fun but its better to play with a friendOverall: I forgot to eat my hot pocket coz im having too much fun playing this.*I have less than 10 hours playtime, but still, i think my $59.99 is well spent."
,Not Recommended,261640,34768467,Posted: 5 September,all,The Batmatt,"At the price point of 10-20$ (what i paid for it during a Steam summer sale) I would say its worth picking up, however I would NOT recommend this game at its 40$ price point, it feels like a lazy attempt that was rushed out the door while still chock full of bugs.What kind of bugs you ask? How about the classic kill this entire wave of enemies to progress the mission and the last enemy either doesnt spawn, or falls through the world making it so you must leave the map area and come back to reload the fight and have the final enemy spawn where you can actually interact with it? Remember that classic? Yup, seen that one 5+ times in the past hour in different missions...Hey, by the way, do you per chance enjoy playing this game on PC with an Xbox controller? So do I, but there is no option in any menu in the game to turn vibration off completely, so be prepared for random vibration when you do random things, like scoping up with some weapons but not others, or walk away from a vending machine and its talking to you, or any number of other random activities...Also should you have a beast gaming computer make sure to never set your Physx settings above high, or you will experience random game freezes and crashes with varying frequency (I of course found this out the hard way, and after experiencing 4 or so crashes within an hour I had to search the internet where a forum was filled with people who had experienced the same random crashes and concluded they were caused by the PhysX settings...If this game were to be patched to fix all of the obnoxious bugsTLDR Final Verdict: Is the game worth getting? Wait for a sale because its not worth 40$ in its current state. 10-15$ is acceptable, 20 is pushing it. Unless the devs come back and fix some of the obnoxious bugs, and throw in the option to turn controller vibration off completely thats my final verdict as someone whose put several hours into the game. Is there a rich story line full of classic humor good voice acting and witty quips like BL1 and BL2? Yup. Minus the bugs this game is SOLID, but the bugs that have gone unanswered really detract from the games overall score"
76561198016415373,Recommended,261640,12497337,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Konata,"Before the review I want to say this: Play the presequel after Borderlands 2.The whole idea of it taking place between games might throw people off a bit, so I thought it would be nice to clarify that the story does indeed take place between Borderlands and Borderlands 2, but the story is being told after Borderlands 2. It will make sense when you start it up, I promise.Anyways I'm obviously loving the game, as I'm a Borderlands fan. That being said, I will of course buy the game outright at any price but for those who don't know much about Borderlands or any of the sequels/pre-sequels, then I'm not sure if you should buy it outright. At least not without playing Borderlands 2. The second game was sort of designed to fill you in on what happened in the first game in case you didn't play it, and while it's a great game, the 2nd game (for once) is a giant improvement, especially in the fun department.What does this have to do with Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel? Well some people are complaining that this new full release title feels like ""one big expensive piece of DLC"". Without actually finishing the game, as I have currently only played for 10 hours upon writing my review, I have no idea how long the game is, if it has the replayability of the previous Borderlands games, etc, etc, etc. I will say this, however: So far I've been having way more fun starting out in this Borderlands than either one of the previously released games. The startup has been sped up so you can get right into the action much faster than ever before. The new features are also much cooler than I thought they would be, too. At first I was like ""oh big deal, low gravity,"" but it's actually brought a whole new dimension of gameplay with the jump pads, butt-stomps, double-jumping, and that's without all the new effects and things added to randomized loot that work well with the new features. The story line is much different than the other games, and I like it. The previous storys were sort of the same: Vaulthunters look for the vault, help people out along their way, grow a heart and some balls, and find the vault (or the equivelant of that). I can't say what the story is this time, but it's not ""the same old borderlands"". I haven't found anything that doesn't really make sense yet, except one thing, but it's a spoiler so I'll just say ""In front of the DJs"" and you'll know what I mean when you get to it, and I've been making little mental connections like I'm pretty sure if you look at the moon in Borderlands 2 it has huge cracks and lava flowing on it which is cool because that's what's going on! There are a lot of unique new characters and so far I found the boss-fights WAY more interactive. As fas as I've seen, no more pointless bullet sponges! But as I said, I've only just begun.Oh and by the way, expect Australian accent's everywhere. Original casts are still there, don't worry, but let's just say Elpis (that's the moon's name) is basicly Australia. It's cool though because I like Aussies.I do have a couple nitpicks and complaints, though. One is something that has happened with every Borderlands game which is wonky volumes. Not audio, I mean the invisible boxes that you can walk on. If you've played a borderlands game, I'm sure you've found at least one invisible wall or started walking a meter of the ground for a sec without even jumping. Yeah that's still here, but it's mostly just on areas that are a bit off the main paths.The biggest problem though is the first vehicle. It can barely jump manditory gaps. When you start the game and you're told to jump a gap, you will die unless you get to maximum speed. The only ways I can think of fixing this is changing the maps (but good luck with that!), making the buggies a bit faster, or giving them a bit more air-time.I've only seen 1 sort-of-major bug where when one of the NPCs tries to get onto an elevator, he/she started to glitch out for like 5 minutes before finally somehow getting on it.Overall I'd say this is so far a must-buy for hardcore Borderlands fans, a should-buy for peopel who enjoyed the previous games, and a you-can-buy-it-now-but-you-should-play-the-other-games-first for people who aren't familiar with the series.PS: LASER BEAMS? EXPLOSIONS? TORGUE!!!"
,Recommended,261640,13236668,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,aXises,"some areas are a bit bland compared to BO2, otherwise exactly like BO2 just with a few mechanics still great fun in co-op"
,Recommended,261640,24813647,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | *2* 3] = ~62% (50%-75%)A pure shoot-and-loot game. Even though this review is mostly for Borderlands 1, it applies to all three, so I copied it to all three. Since the games have been out for quite a while, there are convenient bundles with two or all three of them etc., make sure you check them out before purchasing.At first, I didn't get ""it"" and thought that the game sucks. I thought it was just a generic shooter (and once again with failed FOV - *sigh*) with gimmicky cartoon shader, very generic loot containers, guns with somewhat randomized values, and the super obvious fetch quest cliché.But then, a year later, I tried again - and I got ""it"". It's a well done generic shooter (whose FOV can be edited in a file) with an interesting fun-depressing otherworldly feel, cartoon shader, reliably balanced generic loot containers, a surprisingly powerful procedural weapons system, and simple quests that make you deal with all these things in various places and that give you some story background. What makes all this work is the whole that emerges from it. It's like acid music of the 1990s. The Roland TB-303 alone sounds boring, but if you use it right and let it play together with other stuff, it's a very powerful driver, and music history might remember you forit.I ended up buying and playing through BL1, BL2, BL The Pre-Sequel (which came out after 1&2 but whose story plays between 1&2), and almost all DLC. No regrets. It was not a perfect experience, but there's a reason I bought and playedall threegames, and the story didn't contribute much to this reason. It's just the mix of all the gameplay ingredients and - excuse me - the mindlessness of it. A simple but sufficiently deep shoot&loot trip that goes on for tens of hours. (According tohowlongtobeat.com, roughly: BL1 20-60, BL2 30-80, BLps: 20-40)The quests become available over time, and you can choose freely which of the ones you soaked up into your quest management screen you tackle at which time. There's an indicator expressing how hard they will be for your current character level.I thought the procedural weapons approach would probably be stupid, that it would be e.g. just a bit more power or range. But no! There are many changing variables, even the weapon designs (and visual effects) change, fitting the weapon's character. Hunting / comparing for the best weapon and learning about where you'll probably find those and where rather not turns into a passion.WHAT'S WRONG?Too bad the inventory interface is not half as good as it should be. Well, at least you can mark weapons as garbage so that you can bulk-sell them once back at a vendor or machine, and you can even do a buyback for the identical price. But whatcomplete idiotthought it would be a good idea to have the inventory interface move around incessantly? And you need to realize: You'll spendseveral hourswith this interface, because comparing your guns is a core element of the game.Then there's the fact that the game will just forget where you have already killed people - they'll just be back on your next visit and loot containers will be refilled, you don't even have to die or reload/restart the game for this. This has upsides, of course, which would be why they decided for this, e.g. now you can keep grinding, and you can enjoy your new toys and your leveled-up character against old foes. It's rather important for balancing that you can't just wipe the world clean. But even though hypothetically, people would repopulate fortresses in reality, you will have to make yourself blind to the feeling that all you're doing is in vain, your actions leave almost no lasting consequence in the world. Just like in real life, right? Except in real life, you don't constantly whip the lands with powerful guns.What also sucks (but again makes sense, of course) is that you lose a lot of money whenever you die. There will be deaths, though, that are just unnecessary or unfair, or you might even get caught in a loop of dying, which maximizes frustration. This happened to me when I fought Wilhelm and didn't realize that I could just travel away via the obvious terminal. Why didn't I realize? I was mostly blinded by the fact that the arena is a place you can only reach by dropping in from a height that you can't jump, so you can't get out again. This clear message and the fact that I was still relatively new to Borderlands made me blind to the fact that there was an electronic exit right there.You can't save your game. At least it's not a classic campaign shooter quicksave that bakes every relevant world state detail into a nice file. Instead, you have your character profile which will change as you progress (e.g. incl. money loss from deaths; hint: If you Alt+F4 while you're still dying, nothing is lost.), and it's rather one of those ""general player state"" and ""checkpoint"" saves. On the one hand, this very character of savegame is a good thing: Checkpoints have the clear upside of getting you more involved and making the reality more real because you can't beat it into obedience by saving/loading at your leisure. The downside is: The game completely forgets everything but you. While fortresses have been repopulated when you revisit them even without loading, there are a few aspects of the world that stick - until you exit to main menu or out of the game and then continue playing, that is. It all couldn't revolvemore obviouslyjust around you.And there are the quite hard boss fights. Personally, I don't like boss fights, so ignore this paragraph as an actual negative, but I just find them stressful, and what others might misinterpret to be a sense of achievement in me is really just the relief that I managed to overcome this obstacle between me and more of the satisfying gameplay I want to enjoy. You know, like 1990s Eurobeat ""music"" (That I never liked.) where the painful hectic rap was the desert you had to endure before reaching the next fountain, making the refrain ever so slightly better than it actually was. The game does not have a whole lot of boss fights, but I had to throw everything into them and was often very frustrated when I didn't manage, because dying cost me a bunch of cash, and I had to start the fight completely from scratch.But Borderlands is fun. A well done shoot&loot world to forget yourself in.Not all Borderlands games have FOV settings, but with some config file editing, you'll always get what you want."
76561197989916694,Not Recommended,261640,31029075,Posted: 8 April,all,Crunchydragon,"really wish it had polish. there are good things here but you will be frustrated with frame drops, hard crashes, and too many quests that have endless backtracking and/or makes you stand and listen to dialogue you don't like until you are allowed to proceed. lacks the impact BL2 had. despite the fact that you can have fun with this game, i cannot recommend a game that crashes and deletes your legendary loot you just picked up."
,Not Recommended,261640,12983813,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Salis,Big disapoinrtment
,Not Recommended,261640,16971282,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,FallenMarchosias,"This was a complete ♥♥♥♥ing let down if you've played borderlands 1 and 2, and are transitioning to this cess pool of filth. It's a pretty good game if you've jumped right into it without playing the previous Borderlands, because you don't actually understand the plot of the trilogy, and how the characters actually are (and you're also kinda stupid)...So you may ask why this game is bad? Well I'll tell you:- All the memes they try to throw at you to be funny- Degrading Torgue into some politically correct♥♥♥♥♥♥- The maps are much more larger with a lot less fast travel machines, and save points.- They pretyy much made the maps pangea size so the campaign would last longer to eat more away at my soul (now that's just dirty).- Most of the bosses were ripoffs of previous Borderlands games Ex: RK5 and Bunker, Iwajira and Warrior, Boom Bewm and Red Belly, etc.- And the one that probably jabs most into my soul is  most of the guns are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ re-skins of the guns in the previous Borderlands. Especially the legendaries!- To add more insult to injury, 70% of the legendary items from the previous Borderlands games, have had their names changed to make them seem different.- One of the four campaign DLC's that has come out is a slaughterdome... A ♥♥♥♥ing slaughterdome... The music in the background and enemies spawning on the other side of the map is enough to make anyone commit suicide. The only fun you could have is racing your friend to the other side every time a group has been taken out, instead of having a bloody orgy like the previous games. I feel great empathy for anyone who had to endure this trial by themselves.- This game tried to hard to be gay friendly. More than half of the characters are homo/bisexual (I'm not homophobic. I just think it's unnecessary to have half the cast gay. So chill out. I dont have anymore butthurt cream for you since I've used all of it while going through this game numerous times trying to like it)- They left the Flakker in the game but didn't bring over the Norfleet, or the Bee, or any other practical gun. Sure, they brought over some good guns, such as The Conference Call, and made some unique ones like the... Never mind... Pretty much every unique/legendary is a re-skin.Finally! To the minute amount of pros that this game pretty much has is non-existent.- Characters were pretty fun to use with all their new skills- Cryo and Lasers change things up a bit... Except cryo weapons come mid late game, and aren'tused much because of that...- The ways you could use oxygen for a second jump, and slight speed boost was probably the best thing this game had going for itself.- The skill trees actually synergized, unlike the previous borderlands games.The dialogue with Handsome Jack, and the characters unique banter made this game somewhat playable....Nows that's all said and done, I give this game an under levelled cradle shield out of ten."
,Recommended,261640,28584100,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Some Dude,"Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney is a pretty decent sci-fi shooter. In it, you control eponymous character Athena Cykes with her lasers. This isn't the Ace Attorney I expected but it's pretty okay. I give this game a Sonic Boom Fire and Ice / Fire Emblem: Sacred Fates. This game has a plot that vaguly resembles my cat. I don't have a cat. I give this game a Sonic 3D Blast / Shen Migami Tensi x Fire Emblem. It's like the steak I had for dinner. I hate vegans. I'd this game a a Sonic Spinball / Fired Emblem: Rise of the Tomb Raiding 3. My table is kind of cool. I'd give this game a Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine / Fire Emblem: Double Dash."
,Recommended,261640,13402413,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Golden,this game is not a bad game . i know that this game is have short story but intresting . i know that this game is gonna have dlc like borderlands 2 but the dlc just not ready yet . example : the season pass not ready because the game just launch 1 month ago (last time a check) . so fell free to buy it . one question from me : is the season pass ready yet
,Recommended,261640,13779816,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Franz Degard,Reskin
,Not Recommended,261640,30951416,Posted: 4 April,all,Apollo,Bad
,Recommended,261640,12977670,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,🌟⅀⋐₭ℤ,"While I did enjoy myself on this game, as it was more Borderlands fun in new environments, with new enemies, new guns, Vault hunters, etc., I do have a pretty big problem with it.It's just the same old stuff as the last game, with a couple new things. I found myself lose my excitement for the game after a few hours of play. It's just all the same old stuff. They removed maliwan elemental guns, added Lasers. Why not keep both? I have no idea.The HUD isn't even different, the menus were not changed or altered in any way, shape or form. Why not make the map more detailed? Although usually this is a good thing, in my opinion, here it is not: The areas are too damn big.Somewhere along the way the franchise just lost a lot of its charm for me.All these points mentioned above just made this feel like more of a big expansion  and not a brand new game. I don't know. It just feels like it's missing something. I am sure many other fans feel the same way."
76561198042301026,Not Recommended,261640,24718421,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Puddles,"Man Im so dissapointed I love the Borderlands games just look at my hours, but this just a crappy story reskin of 2. Really should of been a DLC for it. Guns are too similar and the physics are just annoying to me. Sorry but not good."
,Not Recommended,261640,13358363,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Rude,Ausralian meme simulator.
76561198234437800,Not Recommended,261640,29693502,Posted: 4 February,all,AutismAlert™,"Loved Borderlands 2 great story and mechanics but to say that this is a standalone game and not just an add on to Borderlands 2 would be a false statement. If you liked Borderlands 2 and this is 50% off or more get it, if not don't it's not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,261640,30169752,Posted: 25 February,all,Inting Simulator,"Bought game + Season Pass, I completely regret my choice."
,Not Recommended,261640,27964661,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Iain,"For anyone coming from borderlands 1 or 2 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!It is a poor mash up of nostalgic characters to lure you in to play this wank of a game. Play on a moon and rush around for Oxygen. Not fun and shooting the masks of others doesn't kill them at all, just deals 5 damage."
,Not Recommended,261640,23336871,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MemeMage,"Borderlands TPS is only a rehash of borderlands 2 and i can't really recommend it. The game got stale very fast because i had already played so much of BL2. The only thing i can recommend this game for is the story but i didn't even finish it.In other words, buy the game on sale only!!5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,22357084,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,iWaNN,No. Just NO.
,Recommended,261640,15061604,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Monkeyslut,All the ♥♥♥♥ing children in this game need to eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and die a painful death. I'd rather rub my scrotum against a grater while stabbing myself in the eyes 28 times than listen to another ♥♥♥♥ing word coming out of their musty♥♥♥♥♥cunt mouth. ♥♥♥♥ing little♥♥♥♥♥♥stanks.This game is great! Having loads of fun playing it.
76561198008083115,Not Recommended,261640,30058237,Posted: 20 February,all,andy,"Love borderlands 1Love borderlands 2 even morecan't stand this version, aussie accents and the moon just somehow don't work."
,Recommended,261640,22334286,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Slamaximoose,"Very good game, but less content than the previous games, I would recommend getting this on sale, but get the other 2 games first."
76561198089464981,Not Recommended,261640,21560564,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,C1over,"A moon and a short story, it's good but it should have just been a dlc"
76561197998120309,Not Recommended,261640,23514203,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,akhnenaton,"Unfortunately, we are only give two choices:1. thumbs up2. thumbs down.My reason for choosing thumbs down is more for what you're getting for your money, pros, cons and are there any improvements in the BL series.It is an enjoyable game. A good time killer like Tetris. Not the worst game out there.The annoyances in this game, read the ""Cons"". It's all subjective, but they are there. Depends on you. Not enough to kill off the game but enough to hit the mute button or wish they had coded the ESC button option for them.I am not a big gamer. You play and play and don't really take note of time passing by. Again, like playing Solitaire or Tetris.I bought on this on sale for less ten dollars canadian, if I'm not mistaken. And, I would only recommend you buy it on sale only. They're really milking it at this point.It feels more like another DLC they could've slapped onto the others.PROS:You can play and play and play...um...if you like that kind of stuff.You're on different planets if you like that.Flying and jumping if you like that.Adds low gravity to the Borderlands environment...if that's a pro for you.Adds new characters if you want something new.Adds the no atmosphere environment.If you like multi-player, well it's there if you want it. Not new.Different ""space"" type environments if you like that.I'm being generous.CONS...OMG...SIGH...Compared to the first Borderlands, this does not feel new and fresh.Weird funky, bizarre concept overall. Deviates too far from the main essence of Borderlands. I know it's a Pre-Sequel, but, seriously...there's really not much Borderlands in this. They could've called Space Walk 5066.Marcus and what's-her-name yapping every single time you buy something at vending machine! Absolutely and horrendously annoying. I mute the audio when I'm at vending machines.Grinders? Why? Not worth it. Resale isn't worth it. New grinding weapon is as craptacular as those you put in.Story line is meh.Badzillion of useless weapons when all you really need are four good ones.Quickly becomes a futile run at getting new weapons.The different Vault Hunter modes are just a gimmick to keep you playing the game and nothing else.Vault Hunter Modes are kind of a moot point when everything just increments relatively with damage and all. What's the point?! Oh wait...the ONLY point is to get you keep playing the SAME game ad nauseum.Shift Codes are good for early in the game. After that, what's the point? You're getting as good as guns. Another pointless hunt for more useless garbage.By the time you do have accumulated all the most powerful weapons and money, you're way past beyond having finished the game which is kind of useless.The ANNOYING respawn sequence! AURRGH! No way to skip that.Characters can jump 50 metres but can't walk over a 1 cm gap on the ground.The redneck Ozzie accents get annoying within the first 1 minute of play. No way to kill that either! Hit that MUTE button so many times, I lost count.Irregular power and damage at the same level with same ammo and weapons in the same environment.Sudden lead feet in the same gravity environment while battling boss.RELOADING weapons! AURRGH! Throw a grenade, RPG reloads. Huh? You're endlessly tapping the reload key, It's not an issue of ammo or PC hardware, it's the way they coded the game.Damn blinding PhysX effects in this game are enough to drive you bonkers. They're just done the wrong way. So much blinding, glowing and annoying shrapnel in the way one can't see what they're aiming or shooting at.If they do a Borderlands 3 (or whatever increments it's at), I do wish they put us back on a planet like Pandora with bandits and it's fauna. I enjoyed that environment at lot more as it was more realistically probable to exist. Pre-Sequel is really milking it. I wish you could do more than just shoot, run, kill, get objective. I wish you could explore, do more."
76561198057794083,Recommended,261640,12511215,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MikeX,This game is an absolute blast. I am a fan of the Borderlands series and I think 2k succeded in creating a unique Borderlands experience. I think this game is a must.
,Recommended,261640,12716677,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Subtraho,Better than the previous versions of Borderlands! I recommend picking it up.
,Recommended,261640,12512197,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,✭Smeak,Buy Nao
76561198030767185,Not Recommended,261640,12713426,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lnvnr,"I started this series with Borderlands 2 which I thoroughly enjoyed. This game however is basically the same game but with a new story, slightly different skins for enemies and a whole lot of bugs. The game will force-close (very frequently in a co-op game, semi-frequently in single player) and you will lose some progress. Thankfully the autosaves are fairly frequent, but it is still annoying. I have seen enemies jetpack through solid ceilings, loot has fallen through the floor and then cannot be picked up, and a quest simply would not allow me to turn it in so I had to fail it and do it again. If an enemy is close enough to you, you can shoot them and see the shot just go through without doing any damage. There are so many bugs throughout the entire experience which makes it drastically less fun to play.Apart from the bugs there are also many features which are just poorly implemented. The vehicles have hideous steering, and many jumps in the game are amazingly difficult to clear unless you hit them just perfectly (or until you unlock the second vehicle which makes them easy to clear). The terrain does not really line up with the invisible floors and walls you cannot pass, so many areas which look easily scalable will simply bounce you back off for no apparent reason. The oxygen mechanic isn't too annoying since you very rarely run out, but the constant low gravity is a pain since enemies will bounce you around. Also your loot may fly off into space, including quest items which will force you to restart the game so you can get them again. Very rarely in the game you will find chests that take 40 moonstones to open (this is the new eridium and it is a large amount) and they look like any other chest so if you open one by accident you're out a ton of moonstones and you usually get bad loot out of them.I beat the game with Athena, playing the first half in co-op then the second half in single player. I beat the game at level 27, and did not find any good weapons until about level 20. Before that point I'd be lucky to find a half decent gun that could maybe kill one enemy with an entire clip. Maybe I was simply extremely unlucky but it made the game much more difficult than it needed to be.I also played Nisha and Claptrap for a while, and Claptrap's special ability is surprisingly useful. It will occasionally make you worse off since it adapts to your situation but it usually worked out for the better. Nisha's special ability however is just lazy, it aims for you and you shoot/reload faster. There's not much thought put into it and it is a bit boring just spamming your fire button as fast as you can and mowing down everything without effort. I did not play Wilhelm and I can't really bring myself to make another character.As for the story and overall dialogue, it's decent. There were a couple points in the game that were genuinely hilarious. The game does defy how space works in reality a little bit in the beginning but that's the case in almost every game that involves space nowadays.Basically this game would be decent if it wasn't so buggy. Wait for some major patches, try to get it on sale and only really play it with friends. In its current state I really cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,261640,12716219,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,txtec,"If you loved Borderlands 2 like I did, you're going to love Borderlands The Pre-Sequel!"
,Recommended,261640,12697317,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,neptyr,"Good, but not as good as Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,12753853,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Barbak,very cool very nice I like it
,Not Recommended,261640,23321710,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Unnecessary Dairy Overlap,Just save yourself the disappointment and replay 1 or 2
,Recommended,261640,20921422,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Corrosion,"So far, I'm enjoying it. It's a lot more of the same run-n-gun which normally is pretty boring for me but this game is perfect if I am already bored or trying to kill time. Don't think it's anywhere near the price it's set at but if it's on sale, I'd grab it. I got it for $15 and I think that's fair."
,Recommended,261640,12496346,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,animeprofilepic,"This game feels just kind of like a dlc, but who the ♥♥♥♥ cares. It's great."
76561198083643610,Recommended,261640,12505669,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,knicksfan567,"Is Borderlands The Presequel a good game? The answer is yes, but is it as good as borderlands 2 no. It is worth your money though alothugh the game isnt as funny as Borderlands 2 you can still get good laughs out of it. The classes are diverse enough, the story is intresting. STILL LOTS OF LOOT.  And people say this game is ""is terrible omfg no as good as borderlands 2 1/10 (REALLY). This is a good game, with good gun mechanics an entertaining story and its funny whats not to love except that one reason where its not as good as borderlands 2.9/10I know there was some problems at launch a texture pop in issues but most of the problems are either fixed or are going to be fixed in patches."
,Recommended,261640,12506530,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SteveeWunder,"I was worried when I first heard that the Pre-Sequel was being made in the same engine as Borderlands 2 because I feared that it would be a lot more of the same. But let me be the GAZILLIONTH person to say that I have been pleasantly surprised.This game met the expectations I had, and then shot those expectations in the face, leaving me laughing as the game continued on its jolly way. I could not be more pleased with the characters, the story, the world, and, of course, the guns. There have been more times than I can count on my hands that I have burst out laughing as two characters exchange words.I cannot recommend this game enough, and no words will ever be able to express my appreciation for this work of art, so just buy the game. You won't regret it.UPDATE: This game starts very strong but quickly dissipates once the end game is reached. My expectations were, like I said, ""shot... in the face"", but that's only because the surface of the game is phenomenal. For commited players and veterans of the franchise, disappointment should the only item on your list of expectations, because that's the only thing you're guaranteed. I recommend this game to casual players of the franchise, but if you buy this game expecting a game as holistic as its predeccesors then you may very well regret your purchase. I still stand by my recommendation, but I'm adding a disclaimer to the hardcore gamers and completionists (or to any hardcore fans of the other Borderlands games who have yet to buy this game) that this game may not leave you very satisfied.Also, the season pass is a straight-up shake-down. The content is hardly worth what you pay for."
,Recommended,261640,12494751,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,54t,holy crap i finally got the game then im waiting three hours for updates on the games and it wont tell me what its updating or how much longer it will take........♥♥♥♥
76561198092602544,Recommended,261640,12506042,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DomoClem,"If you love Borderlands, then you will love this game. Let me start off by saying that this game is very similar to both Borderlands 2 and Borderlands 1. With that being said, I for one cannot get enough of these games. And did I mention anti gravity? Well, you're on a moon in this game and there is anti gravity and you can butt slam. That's right, you can BUTT SLAM. Also, this game adds two new weapon elements that were not in the previous games, those are lasers and cyro. Which means you can go pew pew and you can also freeze people, which is pretty cool. Anyways, this game is awesome, so buy it."
,Recommended,261640,21969823,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,😎 Turbo Man 😎,It's fairly tolerable when you mute dialog volume
76561198048193675,Not Recommended,261640,20859456,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,martijn,"i expected alot of this i played borderland for 650 hours and loved it so much i loved everything the characters gameplay the enviroment but then i started this game and at the begin i whas very enthousiasted but then i started to play and i just didnt like it the character i whas really excited for but they were all kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and claptrap which i thought i would really love i didnt the story is just plain bad and the enviroment is just stupid in my opinion4,5/10"
,Recommended,261640,14536744,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,modenaPSU,"if you like Borderlands and like jumping real high, get this I guess"
76561197961852910,Not Recommended,261640,29088845,Posted: 7 January,all,Bender the DevoMiezer,"I have tried to play this game 4 times(3 times prior to purchasing on Steam), every time I get several hours in and am so disgusted by the story and ""jokes"" the characters say that I stop playing.The low gravity feels like a gimmic that doesnt need to be there. The oxygen mechanic feels good, but under used as enemies and lootables constantly drop oxygen. The weapons feel fine, im sure I would have encountered more interesting types if I would have continued playing. The skill tree did have interesting mechanics though I am suprised they stayed with one usable skill and did not expand to a 2nd skill at the end of a tree rather than just modifying your 1 skill.It realy comes down to the writing of dialog, it feels like it was written for 13 year olds.Also, I miss weapon leveling from the first Borderlands."
,Recommended,261640,13513236,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jelly,The Pre-Sequel in a nutshell:*Claptrap attempts to be helpful**everyone screams at claptrap**claptrap kills everyone and everything in sight and then proceeds to cry self to sleep*11/10
,Recommended,261640,13545351,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pieronnen Järvina Hellcase.com,(y)
,Recommended,261640,24679643,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Drugfre4me,i like is but the hole air thing
76561198046042992,Recommended,261640,12907884,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Malachai,Great game 10/10
,Not Recommended,261640,18330165,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,myyrä,"This game is comparable with a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥It was the biggest anti-climax ever, I was hyped for this game since i really enjoyed borderlands 2 and the developers hyped it up alot, when it released it was♥♥♥♥♥♥lol. Missions are boring, the environement is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ The enemies are meh. And then there's the thing that i hate the most and everytime it happens i have the urge to absolutely demolish the spot on my monitor where borderlands tps shows in my game library (with a shovel and a hammer, idgaf). Anyways, this thing, that i hate most, is that when you co-op with someone the one that youre playing with litteraly disconnects every 10 minutes. This is not my internet connection since ive had the same experience on different pc's and i didnt have this problem with borderlands 1 nor 2 or any other games.DONT BUY IT, ITS EXPENSIVE AS ♥♥♥♥, THE DLC ARE ALSO♥♥♥♥♥♥PLEASE JUST DONT, DOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTWHY THE ♥♥♥♥ YOU LYING AUSTRALIA 2K"
76561198063619302,Not Recommended,261640,15237718,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zer0,"This game is a bit of a let down to the normal standards of the borderlands series. i find that this game lacks the creativity displayed in borderlands 2.  would suggest purchasing Borderlands 2 over the pre-sequel due to the fact that you get so much more out of it. i felt like this game tried to replicate the success of borderlands 2 so much to the point that it became unoriginal and a crappy copy of the second game. However, i did enjoy the campaign on its first playthrough the bosses were fun and the storyline captivating. but on my second to third playthrough i felt that it was a bit of a one-trick pony and couldnt continue playing. Overall, i would suggest playing borderlands 2 over the pre-sequel."
,Recommended,261640,25277258,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,GenericPlayerOne,W
76561198151143355,Recommended,261640,21083054,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,雅各布·布奇,I now have cancer 10/10
,Recommended,261640,16366913,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bcb5000,"You can play as Claptrap!If you can, wait for the sale, it always go down to around half price."
76561198146542050,Recommended,261640,16366863,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,sazenami17,"At first i didnt think a side story Borderlands game would be any good, but the game is surprisingly fun. For anyone who thinks its a clone of Borderlands 2, it actually brings alot to the table with numerous new enemies and new ways to fight them, especially with the zero gravity feature that allows maps to be very unique as well. Over all i am rather pleased with this game and think it is well worth any fan's time.  The minor details like characters actually responding to echo communication actually make the game alot more immersive and give it a feel that i thought borderlands 2 lacked."
76561197978805562,Not Recommended,261640,13802113,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wyrm,"This game can be summarized in the ""shift code"" system. The gear you'll get in this game will consistently be terrible, such that every enemy will be a bullet sponge. Want a weapon that actually lets you go toe to toe with your enemies? You'll need to sign up for the SHIFT CODE system, then you'll have to follow them on facebook, twitter, tumblr, and of course get spammy newsletters. Why? Because they'll occasionally put out a code through one of these sources, good for a limited time, that will give you legendary gear in the game so, for several levels, you'll actually be a vault hunter instead of a generic soldier. Do not buy this game.Old review:The magic of borderlands 1 and 2 was not repeated in this game. The quests are absolutely terrible in design. Let me give an example: A quest requires you to find three echo recorders on a massive crashed ship, simple enough.1. First one the map shows it as being outside the ship. It's actually inside, because the map changes when you enter the right area. Thus if you follow the map to the objective, you will not find it.2. Second one requires you to punch a jump pad to overcharge it, do a boost jump mid-air to reach a platform you can't see from the ground, then shoot the lock on an elevator in the distance, then jump into the elevator. Note that ""shooting the lock"" was not a thing up to this point in the game.3. Third one requires you to do several boost jumps up to an area, then make several precision jumps across various beams to reach it. However there are tons of invisible walls. Too close to the ""edge"" of the beam and you get knocked away.The youtube video of this has over 60k views, meaning at least 60k people got stuck on that quest to the point that they needed to look it up on youtube. I spent literally an hour trying to finish that quest, and ""Finished"" by deleting the game. If I could, I would delete the game from my library."
76561198046604609,Recommended,261640,31431722,Posted: 28 April,all,Lynch Friend P^2,Catch a Ride!!!
,Not Recommended,261640,29783742,Posted: 8 February,all,[BWG]«PeNdRaGoN»®,"I simply cannot recommend this game not because the game isn't fun, in fact it's very fun. If you enjoyed all the other games in the Borderland Series this one will be no different. The main difference between this game that makes me unable to recommend it is the amount of bugs this game has. I'm still on my first playthrough when I rage quit this game due facing 3 game breaking bugs not even halfway through the game. This includes enemies falling through the map so I could no longer advance in the mission. The fact that you can't maually save in this game also adds to this problem. I lost 33 moonstones when I had to restart the mission (which is weird because most those moonstones I got before the game automatically saved) due to an enemy falling under the map. If you can handle all the bugs then for sure you should get this game but if you are going to be frustrated by constantly restarting missions and losing Items then don't."
,Not Recommended,261640,31896322,Posted: 21 May,all,Heartbreak Summer,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a step forwards for the Borderlands franchise in terms of game mechanics but two steps backwards in all other components. The game introduces ice and laser weapon types, which are welcome additions, yet are ultimately not as enjoyable to use due to the bland and uninteresting environment and enemy designs. Most of the game takes place on the moon, where the Australians seem to have been cast off to. The environment is thus overwhelmed by the darkness of space and colourless world design. The boring colours create a feeling of emptiness, which plays a surprisingly large role in making the story less engaging. The new O2 mechanic is enjoyable at first — extended jumping and attention to oxygen levels both enhance gameplay — but quickly become tedious. The Australian humour is different from previous entries in the franchise, and though there are still some funny moments, they fail to recreate past entries’ comedic charm. Even being able to play as Athena, one of my favourite Borderlands characters, can't save this game from its distant and disengaging feel. [5.5/10 - 22.05.17]"
76561198069478519,Not Recommended,261640,28815875,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Flamin' Galah,"Did you like Borderlands 1 and 2? Just play those. I wish there was a middle option when giving a review. Buy this game on sale,DO NOTget it full price, it's absolutely not worth it. The game is notbad, it's just... meh. I tried very hard to like this game but sadly, it's boring.Pros:Refreshingly different soundtrackThat's about itCons:Nothing different from previous titles other than the addition of jump thrusters and ground-pound.Sparse environments, resulting in long traversal times in order to get anything done.No environmental variation -- not interesting to explore.Cringey script, jokes are forced and the voice acting is bad, particularly on the Australian voice actors.Boring StoryPriceI got this game on sale for about $7, and that's all I could really recommend it for. This should be DLC, not a full game.If you just want a co-op shooting experience, it does the job, but don't expect anything fantastic."
,Recommended,261640,19295439,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jumie,Pretty dope
76561198011097901,Not Recommended,261640,29031913,Posted: 5 January,all,G0og,"This game was a let down.. Not fun at all! If you're interested, only buy this game when it's on sale for really cheap than it might be worth it.."
76561198087080439,Not Recommended,261640,30891585,Posted: 1 April,all,xDarkSene,Pretty meh ...borderlands 2 was better but i didnt play this game completly cause i cant get myself to like this game... it just feels bad to me
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,261640,12929374,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"The moon missions are actally pretty fun, the double jump and but slam are great additions, but it gets old after a while and then your left with boring old border lands where you get nothing but junk loot and boring dumb mobs to shot at.  The humor and jokes in this game are the wrost of the series.  Lasers and cryo weapons don't add anything.  And classes are pretty bland.  I'm finding it hard to work up the motivation to finish this game.  And stop using anime voice actors for games."
,Not Recommended,261640,13041709,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MF | DohItAgain,"Borderlands: TPS suffers from yet-another-sequel syndrome.  The game brings very little that's new to the table, and the writing this time suffers with a neutered Jack and a ton of happy-coincidences to bring in established characters rather that trying to create new ones.  The writing itself wavers into preachy territory a few times, territory that something like Borderlands shouldn't even be close to approaching.The gameplay itself is about as long as Borderlands 2, but it simply FEELS shorter, mostly due to a lack of variety in the locations and massive set pieces."
76561198070554842,Recommended,261640,13270945,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tedzie,BORDERLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANDS
76561197994414888,Recommended,261640,13278176,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LORD KICKASS,"Love this whole series, and the Pre-Sequel holds up. Really great to old faces working together before they started hating each other, and to see how Jack became Handsome Jack. Beaten it with all characters, highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,261640,13623740,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,barry,"Really 2KAus? Ugh...I don't even want to write a review, just don't buy this"
,Not Recommended,261640,13446496,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CillMe,"What a Dissapointment, i loved the story but the gameplay was barely mediocre and there is practically no way of getting the golden loot we play the game for..."
,Not Recommended,261640,12959156,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sexpert,Good Game Just Gets A Little Repetative After Awhile
76561198070301327,Recommended,261640,13223180,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,MikeTehDude,Luv It 11/1010/10 Would 11/10 again
,Not Recommended,261640,12917553,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,nivina,"If you enjoy vomiting in the comfort of your own home, you will probably enjoy this. If you like this, you have poor taste, and no standards what-so-ever."
76561198003912490,Not Recommended,261640,12955515,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mlem,"I was hoping for an improvement on Borderlands 2, which suffered from some major issues. One being the ""randomness"" of the weapons and how their rarity is decided. In Borderlands, the sum of all parts decided the rarity, meaning that a purple gun was probably pretty good.In BL2, only one part decided the rarity, meaning you could have a purple gun with terrible parts, performing like you would expect of a gun with bad parts. Even legendary weapons can roll with bad parts, making it nearly impossible to judge if a weapon is good or not without trying it. Likewise, green guns can also have great parts, making them better than rarer counterparts. I, for one, don't feel like equipping every single weapon to see if it's any good.The fact that manufacturers are locked in is also bothersome. I much preferred it when weapons could freely mix parts from different manufacturers, for some really awesome stuff. Or how about an SMG that has a magazine like a Bandit, fire rate like a Vladof, accuracy of a Hyperion, and fires three bullets per shot while only using up one from the magazine? Absolutely outrageous, and it wasn't even legendary. In Borderlands, you could find such a weapon.In a game so heavily emphasising on weapons, the lack of decent weapons really sucked. Don't get me wrong, there were some really awesome guns in BL2, and there probably is in the pre-sequel as well. If you can find them.In the first game, even while leveling you could find crazy weapons that would last you 10 or 15 levels. The stat curve is much different in the sequels, making even a great gun completely outdated in only three or four levels.To me, it just feels like they've taken what was good in the first game, and made it worse. Is there a ton of guns to be found? Sure. Are they any good? Almost certainly not.I had a friend over for the launch of TPS, and we ended up playing Borderlands instead. Why? Because we found it a lot more enjoyable. It was genuinely exciting to find new weapons, because even blue or purple ones were generally pretty damn good, and they lasted for a long time.Another thing that bothers me is how they seem to think that the really great guns should be super rare. Generally, while leveling to 72 in BL2, I found maybe two or three legendaries over the whole journey. In the first game, I'd found more than that just by level 30. Legendaries were rare in the first game, but not exceedingly so. Common enough to feel like you had a shot at finding them, and rare enough to not kill the thrill of it.One point where the new games are better, though, is graphics. It still has the same cel-shaded feel, but the colours are much more vibrant in the sequels. The original suffers from a slightly drab palette. Although it looks nice, at times it feels a bit grey.I would like to recommend this game, but I simply can't. The loot has such a central role in these games, and it just doesn't cut it for me, despite how good the rest of it is. I will, however, recommend the first Borderlands instead."
,Not Recommended,261640,13042162,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kruknak,But Borderlands 2 forget this crap
,Not Recommended,261640,13435671,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AlexTheFiery,"The ""CashGrab"" of the Borderlands games, please don't buy it, unless you really don't care for your money, your time you have, or dont have expectations for a game."
76561197970498111,Not Recommended,261640,12756275,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Steak,"I LOVED Borderlands 2, and still play it to this day.  This ""pre sequel"" is not near as good as BL2.  A lot of bosses aren't farmable, there is a lot of foreign humor, and it somehow just lost something.  I can't quite put my finger on it... but it's just not as good.  I really wanted it to be, so I preordered it... but I've been left longing for more BL2 content instead."
76561197962236735,Not Recommended,261640,13262740,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Impfac,"just dlc for borderlands two, should not have been released as a stand alone game. Also, running into decent amount of bugs. Wait until its $20 or less."
76561197979659154,Recommended,261640,13242354,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Supreme Leader,"Great Game, same grade of fun as Borderlands 2! :-)"
76561198042849287,Recommended,261640,13255029,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mfazz,Good game you can kill midgets with your♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,261640,12947886,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dead,Heh. If you wanted a game that's very fun and makes more sense w/ the campain. I say just get Borderlands 2It is repetitive after a hour or two because if you play all the other ones all this does is just make you not hate Jack AKA John as muchso good luck w/ that so called well spent 60$PS:IT'S SHORT AS ♥♥♥♥GET BL2!!!
,Not Recommended,261640,18009057,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PiddyVinny,Why the ♥♥♥♥ is this still 40 bucks?
76561197963754306,Not Recommended,261640,13478173,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Roryson,"While I kind of Enjoyed Playing this game.  I am also angry with the company for basically charging 60 dollars for a big DLC, this isn't a new game.  It's the same questing at point A to Point B.  decent Story.  The characters are funny as usual.  But for me once i beat the game on the next difficulty setting which I didn't even really want to do, just did it so that I could say I did.  Terrible replay value for me, playing another character on the exact same quests was fun for about 1 hour.I do not like companies that overcharge for games, and than try to sell 30 dollar Presequel season passes at the same time this game is released.  and another 25 for completely useless DLCs.If you truly love The previous borderlands, and this game is 50-75% off I'd recommend it.. other wize. NO"
76561198044687625,Recommended,261640,14714740,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Wintermelon Wolf,"Soo yeah, BTPS, the game most looked forward to getting, and other despised completly.Stil, if ur reading this, ur looking for my opinion and its as simple as this.Ask Yourself: Do i love Borderlands? Do i love lazers? Do i love amazing versatilaty instead of the all the time salvador and Maya combo?If you said yes to all the above, this game is for you. I myself, enjoy every moment of this game before the campaign, which is suppose to have the size of almost 3 T.Tiny Assaults, and before the respawnable bosses fix , i can only imagine how ill be happy to have it after that.It really is a bit 2 expensive for the game ur buying, but let it drop like 10 -20 bucks, or get it on a steam sale, and u wont regret it."
,Not Recommended,261640,29959070,Posted: 16 February,all,Wuddles,"I spent money to get yelled at by a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing stupid♥♥♥♥♥irritating aussies.0/0 would never not buy againOn a serious note: I actually didin't enjoy the game much mainly due to it having the feel of BL2 where it just felt like a slog after the first ""boss""."
76561198132619592,Recommended,261640,23962834,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Vod'ika,amazing pictures
76561198041844214,Not Recommended,261640,23279843,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,NGamer,"Intro:Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal most scripted game ever!Replay Vaulue of 4 Chararcters, But The Story is the same.Gameplay:Borderlands 2 with low gravity and jump slam.Graphics:Copy Borderlands 2, Moon theme, and Paste.Clear and Cleaned upThe end with when the best of the Graphics comes to life.The Bad:Broken side missionsPasted HumorScripted StoryGunsThe Conclusion:The game felt like a repeat of Borderlands 2 with a Moon theme.Best part of the Game:Claptrap and The end of the game."
76561198133934136,Recommended,261640,33446067,Posted: 10 July,all,jwirecom109,"Basically, Bang Bang, Sweet fast paced fun, that shows you Jack's story line."
76561198107254534,Recommended,261640,22563306,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,I EAT BURRITOS,Literally an expansion for borderlands 2 but both are amazing nuff said.
,Recommended,261640,29983406,Posted: 17 February,all,higgz,aweosme game.
76561198082935892,Recommended,261640,13822358,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Moomkey l kickback.com,"As a fan of past call of duty games I really enjoyed this one. I didn't like it as much as black ops 1 but it was enjoyable. The community are the same as usual, if you join a game get ready to hear how many people ♥♥♥♥ed your mom. The gameplay is 6/7 since you get to drive in this call of duty. Music is 7/9 since I sort of enjoy the emo death metal music that includes homosexuals to scream into their mic saying only the word ahhhh. I enjoy teabaging people in this game since it shows your balls when you do it, and oh boy does Andrew like balls. Andrew is your common WOW player, just like Bill, Jerry, and Little Niger. They are gay. I just noticed this is borderlands, I wrote to much to stop. For borderlands 10/10, best game behind the 2nd one. For call of duty:ballsack 7/8."
76561198137989319,Recommended,261640,25527385,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cornelius Fillmore,aay
,Recommended,261640,31534555,Posted: 3 May,all,Popispropaganda,Love it. It took a while for me to warm up to this game. At first I hated it so much. The more I play it the more I like it. Give it a try. After about 1/3 of the way through the game it gets really good.. better. it gets better.
76561198117166091,Recommended,261640,23997511,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[Gear] AluminiBri,"This was a fun game. Lots of people gave it bad reviews, but it wasn't honestly that bad of a game."
,Recommended,261640,19940123,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,KingOfStarrySkies,"Right.Borderlands is not the best game. It never has been, and probably never will be. The forumla is often the same thing, the guns are often boring except for a handful...But.[/b]This game is fun. It's fast-paced, the abilities are fairly unique, guns feel different, the gravity mechanics genuinely change it up... So yeah, I recommend Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel."
76561198031548300,Recommended,261640,13502240,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Princess Luna,"After actually playing the game through fully and not being a spoiled little baby about it.This game is just as good as BL2 and adds loads of new elements to gameplay that haven't been seen anywhere before.Laz0rs/10Please ignore people being babies about how the game is a ""reskin"" because it isn't, It's a brand new game with brand new characters in a brand new setting with new weapons and a case of asphyxiation.I'm not baised about the moon at all."
,Recommended,261640,23967747,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,$wag Ma$ter,"HEY, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,261640,23989592,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DIO,very fun butttttt level balance is kinda bad\
,Recommended,261640,19986169,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GenericPsycho,Best shoot and loot game ever made.
,Recommended,261640,20082602,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ryan Walker,♥♥♥♥♥is hard...gg.
76561198055288983,Recommended,261640,25419965,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,waffle hunter III,it is good
,Recommended,261640,12702788,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bunny,Play it and love it
,Not Recommended,261640,22579336,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Corvus,"I played and beat this game, and honestly, if I could, I would ask for a refund. The story aspect wasn't the best, but it wasn't bad. The gameplay wasn't anything new. Just less gravity and more gimmicks. The lack of gravity almost seemed to make the game easier in a way. The whole game just felt lackluster, for lack of a better word. If anything, get this during a sale if you really want to try it."
,Not Recommended,261640,22101960,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ass,"Terrible story, terrible map design, and all around terrible game"
76561197972476998,Recommended,261640,34733605,Posted: 4 September,all,[ 4four4 ],288 hours playedneed say no moreThank you and goodnight
,Not Recommended,261640,18711900,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,glassberry,"Borderlands 2 is one of my absolute favorite games that I have ever played, which is why I pre-ordered this game without a second thought.When I started playing it, however, I just became more and more disappointed.tl;dr - It's okay, but the writing and humor of the first two games make it seem boring and most of the jokes seem immature and undercooked. Combat is fun but unchanged and thus unimproved; shooting dudes in the head remains satisfying. 6/10Good things: The scenery and design are breathtaking and gorgeous. The characters' special abilities are relatively interesting and keep things pretty fun. Hearing some of the backstory/plot development is super fun if you enjoyed the first two games. There are a few fun jokes. Mr. Torgue is good. Solid pointed attacks on general misogyny present in gaming as a whole was great.Medicore things: Combat and general appearance are pretty much exactly the same as Borderlands 2. Oxygen/freezing weapons were added, but don't really do enough to make things different or more interesting. Oxygen is pretty easily dealt with, freezing weapons are kind of cool but don't really change combat radically.Sad sad things: The writing, and thus dialogue, is pretty sub-par, as is the voice acting. You can tell Anthony Burch wasn't involved in this about 10 minutes in. The forced jokes, gay people written as interesting plot points instead of actual characters (I'm gay, and this reallllly bothered me), and just generally mediocre writing just pulled me out of the game entirely and made me feel like I was trudging through a game I just would rather not be playing.Furthermore, it takes a couple hours of gameplay (or faster if you just run through things) to actually get to any sort of important or interesting plot points. It feels like mind-numbing grinding and made me just abandon the game three or four times.So yeah - definitely a somewhat mediocre FPS/RPG within a universe already containing two wonderful games. I really miss the writing quality. It made me sad, but might totally be what you're looking for if you wanna shoot a bunch of dudes in the head and hear Handsome Jack have feelings."
76561198239017298,Recommended,261640,32708072,Posted: 23 June,all,Genji Main,Dont listen to the ♥♥♥♥s who complain its not a borderlands 2 reskin if you like borderlands youll like this game
,Recommended,261640,32707043,Posted: 23 June,all,auroza4,im tired of living
,Recommended,261640,12510254,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Unherolike,"So first off I played through Borderlands 1 and 2 on console and grinded for all the best loot for hour and hours on end and really love the series. That being said most if not all reveiws are correct this feels like an over developed DLC thats kinda lacking alot of the story and gameplay we were promised and feels like its about the size of two of the Borderlands 2 DLC's together with less boss fights and loot drops. I have yet to see any good Guns infact I found a few guns I had in Borderlands 2 i'm sure of it. Which is annoying because thats what the series is all about the amount of Guns you can loot. It feels like the lazer guns are forced on you in this game and that gets old quick when every other gun you find is a lazer gun with the worst stats ever and you sell it to buy nearly nothing because the Venders Guns suck too  Which leaves you getting Moxies Lazergun and using that for most of the game......Yeah it gets that bad. I found Gwens other Head and Moxies lazer gun........that was 12 levels ago and I'm still using them because nothing better has dropped, seriously nothing better has dropped and i've spent a good 4 hours looking for loot. Now to the game additions like the low Gravity and Oxygen. The low gravity is a novel idea and If I could shut it off I would, It is annoying to be fighting some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and jump towards them only to be balsted off the map by a grenade. Or a handful of guns fly off the map as well for the same reasons except them flying out of their bodies of the guy you just killed. The Oxygen system is whatever I played Claptrap so it didn't matter and was rendered useless. Honestly this game feels like overpriced DLC through and through the levels feel tiny compared to BL2 and just looking at the Map size in the menu gives you an idea that it had to be orriginally a DLC that 2k was like ""lets charge full price for this."" and if the DLC for this game isn't along the lines of a General Knox DLC or Tiny Tina DLC. I don't see this game being worth the money concidering the games it shares a name with having good campains and good DLC. I'd recomend this game if the DLC's add a ton more content I was disapointed by the lack of looting I was doing in this one seriously Guns you promised Gun 2k where the ♥♥♥♥ are my Guns? Otherwise if your looking for a Lootfest just get the Game of the Year edition of BL2 it mostlikely cheaper and more fun."
76561198018603413,Recommended,261640,13190774,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Wolf The Gent,"Alright I just finished this BRILLIANT game by 2k Austrailia well done our friends from down under! Anyways Borderlands 1.5 as i like to call it is for all the die-heart borderlands fans such as myself. With a story to dang good to explain you need to see it for yourself. It seems to take place during the borderlands 2.5 era but as a flashback going to somewhere in between borderlands 1 and 2. The implementation of SPAAAAAACCCEEE!!! -Space Sphere 2011 was great and balanced, Butt slamming everyone left and right was a lot of fun. I played as both Athena and (why not) Claptrap and both were fun in space with or without o2. HOWEVER, this is only one fault I have, the end raid boss or invincible in the same as the final boss (no spoilers here :D) but that doesn't make it a bad game, it is worth the moneys and if you loved bl2 you'll love bl1.5! Thanks and Have Fun."
76561198023923600,Not Recommended,261640,17637871,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,cymorile,"pure tedium.I played the original and borderlands 2 and loved them both, so this was a natural buy for me, and I regret it.  Its like a vampire programmer sucked all of the fun of the first 2 games out of this one, and left you with a game full of bullet-sponge bad guys, janky targeting (which really sucks if you like playing sniper classes, as I do), and really stupid mechanics--for example, the baroness (the distance specialist, closest to Mordecai or Zer0 from the previous games) has a skill tree devoted to the sniper rifle  complete with skills that 1. increase your damage the further you are from a target, and 2. heal you if you crit an enemy with a sniper rifle.  Sounds like a good match right?  Nope, If you keep your distance, you'll find that the dumb ""healing motes"" or whatever they are, will rarely make it to you, instead getting blocked by the terrain or whatever, or just plain disappearing.The low gravity jump mechanic is fun for about 5 minutes, until you realize that the game expects you to platform all over the place.  I hate platforming.  Sure, put it in for badass challenges and achievements and optional stuff, but over and over again for the main quests?  Pass.  The limited fast travel options make me not want to do any sidequests and fight back through respawns just to get back to turn them in.  This really reminds me of some sort of (bad) fan-made mod for BL2 rather than an actual separate game.   I've read the main game is considerably shorter than BL2 but I can't speak to that, as I can't be arsed to get to the end.   I could go on and on but frankly I don't feel like talking or thinking about this game anymore.  If you're considering buying this, I'd recommend going back to BL2 and trying a new class or build, or pretty much anything other than this game."
,Recommended,261640,24401061,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kay.,"I only recommend this because its fun the first levels then PHYSICALY IMPOSSABLE ON MOTHERBOREDLESS BECAUSE YOU:RE FIGHTIUNG LEVEL 30'S WHEN YOU""RE LEVEL 16!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,261640,29672293,Posted: 3 February,all,Experiment S14,"Meh, dont like it.It has alot of features that borderlands 2 has and its just not worth playing (my opinion ofc)I really loved borderlands 2 and i will do forever :DBut this game has so much less to offer than borderlands 2."
76561198087556369,Recommended,261640,31875058,Posted: 20 May,all,vus,gay
76561198035662096,Not Recommended,261640,22772300,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bugsbob,"This game is so terrible, I'm amazed a company actually wanted to put their name on it.The writing's atrocious, the level design is boring at best, counterintuitive to the game's design at worst, and the only positive thing I have to say about it is that most of it is so boring, most people will be driven away before they reach the point where it gets truly awful."
76561198199331229,Recommended,261640,22365243,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,lllforevs,super amzing
,Not Recommended,261640,18960706,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Robinladen,"This piece of garbage is just a poorly-done cash-grab DLC for Borderlands 2. It tries too hard to be funny and just falls flat on its face. It's lame, the jokes are bad, the dialog is terrible. Unless you want to hear fart jokes every 2 minutes, look elsewhere. 8 year old boys should love this game."
,Not Recommended,261640,18800792,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kitsune_No_Hime,"Most of you probably played the two first Borderlands.Most of you certainly loved them, great and innovative gameplay, dark hillarious humour mixed with DEM FEELS and very well built characters...Well this isn't the case.The game play is repetitive at best (not even talking of the boss fights), the weapons are boring and the story too short. Hell ! I finished the f... *nuh uh language !* main campaign in less than 19 hours ! When i spent almost three times that time of the first two ones.The most fun was seeing I could easily (and I enphasize ""easily"") take care of level 30-32 ennemies when i'm only 18 !Sure you get the back story and a bunch of new things like Lazer Weapons (the only weapon ACTUALLY useful in the game) and cryo ? ice gun ? icing tec ? I don't even know what to call that... (cryo is good, a bit OP but mostly not in the feel of Borderlands at all). Even the oxygen mask is annoying (AND USELESS). You CANNOT die of asphyxia even if you are careless due the the incredible amount of O2 stations.Overall the game feels more like a DLC to Borderlands 2 than an actual (Pre) Sequel.And I'm not even talking about the objective bugs forcing you to save-quit-continue, and some missing audio files...Pass your way and go back on Borderlands 2... (which is really good !!)"
,Not Recommended,261640,20408922,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,JohnJukes,fukn aussies
,Not Recommended,261640,29651825,Posted: 2 February,all,MC Gandalfo,"This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥compared to the other ones. Still, it's Borderlands, so it's playable. Buy it if it's super cheap."
76561197998928520,Not Recommended,261640,23135090,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,bump,Maybe I'll come back to this and complete it one day.110+ hours of gameplay in both Borderlands 1 & 2.5 hours in this.Boring.
76561198071282723,Not Recommended,261640,20391333,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Bright.S.poop,the presequel now runs on win 10 it seems to have been a driver glitch. however. i did not like the sparseness of the story or the inability for me to aquire weapons that i like. 6.5/10
76561198048641324,Recommended,261640,25550029,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,IHavetheBodyofJohnWilkesBooth,"COOL GAME, MUST PLAY FOR FPS FANS LIKE MYSELF."
76561198027849102,Recommended,261640,12869456,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Creamer,lots of memes
,Recommended,261640,12508815,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MiiXD,"My brief review of Borderlands Pre-Sequel.Think of Borderlands 2 as Star Wars 4 5 6and think of Borderlands PS to be 1 2 3It struggles to outshine BL2 and it becomes a chore to play it.There are no memorable bosses. The Story kinda blows and the jokes weren't even there. This addition to the franchise was a complete let down.At the end you learn that BL3 is coming and ""you are going to need all the vault hunters you can get."" Probably a prelude to you get to play as all previous vault hunters that are still alive and maybe even knew ones.IGN gave it a 9/10to be honest, it's more like a 5/10mediocre at best. Damn shame.If you are a BL fan, it is nice. You get to have more BL in your life.(Me being one of those fans, i am recommending this game)This really should have been an Expansion pack for BL2, not a seperate game."
,Recommended,261640,12703167,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Wicked Angel,"In Borderlands The Presequel, you shoot bandits to SUPPORT handsome Jack. This is completely different from Borderlands 2 where you shot bandits to FIGHT handsome Jack. As if that were not enough, the Presequel is on PANDORA'S MOON. This is so meta on so many levels. It is like a dark mirror of darkness where if you look in it you see your dark reflection on the moon. I think that is about as metal as it gets. You should totally buy this."
76561198129666412,Recommended,261640,12732311,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tom,NGL I would ♥♥♥♥ this game sideways if it was a physical object but life isn't that good. ;(
76561197975836525,Recommended,261640,12837877,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Elore_07,"I finally finished my first playthrough of Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel.  I have to say that I am a bit relieved to have finally finished it.  My first full completion of the game took about 33 hours (I sought out and completed as many side quests as I could).  You could undoubtedly finish up the main storyline much quicker.  My overall verdict is that fans of the game will want to play it to continue the storyline from the previous games.  Gamers who are new to the series would be better served to pick up at least Borderlands 2 and might find themselves a little disappointed with this game.  Overall. I’d give it a 7/10.I have always felt sort of torn about the Borderlands series.  I love the quirky/dark sense of humor that is infused through the game but I find myself getting bored about halfway through. I’m doing the same things over and over--and yes, shooting things over and over can entertain me for a good chunk of time--but eventually it gets tiring.  I find myself sighing a lot as I fetch another weird quest item and run it back to some central location.  Great games keep you excited throughout--so I can’t really classify Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel as a great game.Here’s what I enjoyed about Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel:--Low-Gravity and everything associated with it.I was highly entertained by this aspect of the game.  Simply jumping higher, hanging in the air, and slamming down was a lot of fun.  I loved boosting my character over huge gaps or butt-slamming foes.  When I got to the part of the game where there wasn’t low-gravity I missed it and couldn’t wait to get to the next zone that would bring it back.--Cryo-Weapons/Laser WeaponsA game that boasts a bajillion different types of weapons is hard served to keep dishing out new types.  The cryo weapons added in a fun freezing ability that made butt-slamming and shattering foes even more fun.  Laser weapons gave the game a sci-fi spin that fit the setting really well.Here’s what I found lacking:--Interesting NPC’s.In the previous Borderlands games there were many entertaining NPC’s that made me laugh.  Characters like Tiny Tina or Ellie always had something hilarious to say or some ridiculous quest to send me on.  I was more than willing to do a repetitive step and fetch type of quest just to turn it in and listen to the quest dialogue.  In Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel there are very few memorable NPC’s.  Janey Springs is interesting and somewhat entertaining, but she’s no Tiny Tina.  Maybe it’s partially due to the fact that 2K handed the game over to 2K Australia--there seemed to be some Australian humor in the game that as an American I didn’t really get.  I missed the fun characters like Sir Hammerlock and Mr. Torgue.--Boring Foot TravelSure, there are vehicles in Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel, but I spent a lot of time on foot.  I found myself getting irritated that I would return to Concordia or a different area and find a quest for an area I had just cleared on a bounty board.  I would have to pick up the quest, travel back, and re-clear the whole zone.  I really wish they would put the bounty boards with quests for the zones in the zones themselves.  I found this especially apparent when I was on the Hyperion ship and had several side quests that forced me to return to the veins of Helios (lots of jumping/navigation to traverse).  By the last side quest I was tired of going back and almost skipped them.  In the few zones where you can use a vehicle, the vehicles are sort of lackluster. The boosting/jumping feature on the Stingray felt weird and I never could get it to function comfortably.I would recommend Borderlands:  The Pre-Sequel to fans of the series.  It’s not the best entry in the series, but it’s recognizable and adds some interesting features.  To a new player of the series I wouldn’t recommend it.  Pick up Borderlands or Borderlands 2 if you want a better installment of the game."
,Recommended,261640,12876292,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Not A Smurf,Amazing the best Borderlands so far i love it.
76561198129837648,Recommended,261640,12893052,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/neppixxx,"I bought this game before i had played either of the other borderlands, and then afterwards went back and played borderlands 2 (I still havent finished bl2). This is one of my favortie series I've ever played and the mix of RPG and FPS is awesome. Also, if you are considering buying this after having played bl1/bl2, but are wondering how it compares, it is a shorter game (you reach the first boss between level 25 and 30 even after doing all side quests) but the addition of a jetpack and a slam move make it incredibly fun, and there is an option to play through the game again at a higher difficulty, at which point you will definately reach level 50"
,Recommended,261640,12893582,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Scorchfiend87,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.  Where do I even begin.  A lot of reviewers are complaining that the game is not nearly as well polished as Borderlands 2.  This should not be too much of a surprise.  Gearbox was not the lead on this one.  This does not mean that 2K made a bad game.They delivered on a level that I would have never anticipated.  Lets go ahead and get this out of the way.  YES!  Much of the gameplay is very much the same.  HOWEVER, they also added a lot of new elements.  I did not think it was possible, but they succeeded in making the game even more ridiculous than the previous games.The addition of low gravity, O2 kits, butt slams, and LAAASERRS  add an entire new level of strategy and complexity.As far as the new characters go, they are very well designed.  Each skill tree enables the player to play the game in different ways.  It is relatively easy to build to your own play style.  I was not sure how Fragtrap would play out.  Relax.  He is actually an incredibly fun character to play (He is not nearly as annoying as you want to think he is).LASERRRS!!!!!  MORE EXPLOSIONS!!!!  IT IS A VERY FUN GAME!  PLAY IT!!! PLAY IT NOW!!!!!"
76561198123437485,Recommended,261640,12688900,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,TheNotoriousCushman,"This game is pretty good, i mean its kinda hard to play by yourself, but its a nice challenge.  Its a really fun game, the new characters are fun but none as good as the gunzerker. The story really explains some underlying info not given in the other games, so if your are story guy , and really like Borderlands, i highly recommend this game for you, the fighting is also really fun"
76561198123635701,Recommended,261640,12690707,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Insidious Hatred,"Though Borderlands The Pre-Sequel lacks humor at times, the game still offers a rewarding experience of executing bosses and other enemies with awesome loot found, or by using the new grinder system which works fluently! I personally believe this game deserves a 9/10."
,Recommended,261640,12694106,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mythical Idi0t,"i love this game, and you will too... buy it and buy it now !"
,Recommended,261640,12703112,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,MayaMomo,"Very good game, Really love the new laser weapons!"
76561198064617293,Recommended,261640,12708320,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,holywizz,dis game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,261640,12737846,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Metal Socks,http://youtu.be/qmucniHg1Hw
76561198083717908,Recommended,261640,12516628,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,crazycow78,"who wrights reviews anymore it is a good game yes there are bugs but its first release of it, find them and report them, it is super pretty well done and remeber DIEING IS PUNISHABLE BY DEATH."
76561198114357121,Recommended,261640,12691060,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Bsteppeon,"Borderland the Pre-Sequel is a very fun and exciting game that wants you to play more. The game is what happens after Borderlands 1 and what happened before Borderlands 2. Borderlands 1 and 2 take place on a planet called Pandora where you looked for a vault and you had to fight, level up, and find good gear to kill you enemys and bosses. Then in Borderlands the Pre-Sequal it is on a moon with zero gravity. There are four new characters in the game. Claptrap the robot that has been the funniest part of Borderlands. Athena a gladiator who has a shield that she can dual wield and throw. Wilhelm the robo human who summons robots to help him in combat. Lastly there is Nisha the lawbringer who can get you a lot of head shot and has a cool whip. They added a lot more features. They added butt slams where you jump and croutch to hit the ground to damage and knock back your enemys. That was really cool since there is no gravity. There are a lot of new enemys that live on the moon that try to kill you which some are monsters you kill and they multiply. The game is amazing and I would give it a ten out of ten. Not only is it a fun game it is very funny with the humor they added and the amazing story line that makes sence. So this game is worth your money."
76561198037249706,Recommended,261640,12691675,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Death Shmeth,"wub wub ...........borderlands is back ! Being a huge fan of the game since it first came out i was not surprised by what i saw..more funny lines, great shot outs, co op with the best community online and of course loot loot loot. My only negative  point is that the bosses do not re spawn so farming is way harder than before and 2k want you to grind for your orange guns...mmmm NO. Part from that and the slightly holdy hand intro i will still be putting lots of hours into the game and all the DLCS. So if you are a borderlands fan you will be getting this and if you are new to the franchise then this is a good place to start."
,Recommended,261640,12765300,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,seel of approval,Like Skyrim with guns.
76561197975238415,Not Recommended,261640,23386931,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jersey77,"Borderlands 1 & 2 are two of my favorite games to this point, so I was pretty hyped up to get this one when it came out. Unfortunately, there's a lot more bad than good.The characters you can play as are fun (I do not own the two DLC characters). They feel well done and are unique enough to really fit in well with the previous Borderlands PCs. Everything else though about this game just feels poorly done.There aren't a whole lot of different environments. The game takes place on a moon of Pandora. The entire game is set in either a normal atmosphere or a zero gravity atmostphere. The latter uses a slowly draining oxygen feature and allows for higher jumping because of the gravity, but after a short while it feels like more of a hindrance than a neat new feature.Weapons just don't feel quite as powerful in this game as they did in previous ones. It really seems like there isn't as much of a variety this time. There are also a LOT fewer farmable bosses than there were in the first two games. That was most of the fun for me in BL2, farming bosses for their legendary drops. There's a lot less of that in the Pre Sequel. There was none to begin with and a (somewhat recent) patch made a few of the sub-bosses farmable. Compared to BL2 though, it's nowhere near as much.The music is not as great either. I eventually turned it off because in some zones it became irritating to listen to. YMMV.The writing is ATROCIOUS. Beyond horrible. Most of the new NPCs introduced in this one are very unlikeable (Pickle, Janey Springs, etc...). What made Borderlands 2 so much better was the introduction of memorable characters like Handsome Jack and Tiny Tina, this game had ZERO memorable additions to the NPC roster.There's a lot less humor in this one and what is there is filled with Aussie slang. No offense to any Aussie gamers out there but a lot of it made absolutely no sense to me. I am aware that 2K shoveled this one off to 2K Australia to make, still I found most of the humor in this one to be thoroughly unfunny.Let's summarize:1. Subpar soundtrack.2. Extremely unlikeable NPCs introduced.3. Nonsensical and completely unfunny attempts at humor.4. Only a child-sized handful of farmable bosses.5. Less unique loot in this one. A lot less.This game is just not good."
,Recommended,261640,25540568,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,♥ Aryanne Hoofler ♥,Ah Borderlands as always a amazing game alot of pros and things expanded opon since the original but it also shares the same flaw as the others...Fun and amazing gameplay and is decently difficult that is if you are playing with friends...Like its 2 siblings Borderlands alone is a rage fest filled with complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! ^^ If you actually have friends and looking for a good Team game then this is the game for you however if you prefure to play alone look the other direction becuase all you will find here is rage rage and more rage. As well as a very intristing story and cast of characters
76561197989688676,Recommended,261640,12753194,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Speakuh,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561197980044518,Not Recommended,261640,34972089,Posted: 15 September,all,koninkske,I played Borderlands and Borderlands 2 with both all dlc. The pre-sequel is NOT by far the same entertainment. Only good for buying when it drops in price. Else : don't bother. Really. You will be disappointed.
76561198048703978,Not Recommended,261640,21967607,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,G_Moneh,"Over 400 hours between BL1 and BL2. 2K Australia really screwed the pooch with BL:TPS. I got this for $5 and still have a difficult time justifying the purchase. It's just a tedious game filled with backtracking that isn't enjoyable.PROS: The loot system remains unchanged.Cons:-The color palate. Every thing looks the same. Unlike BL2 where you had amazing colors of green mountains, Purples, Blues, Yellows. TPS looks the same no matter where you go.-Nearly every voice actor is Australian....which makes sense on the moon because?-The writing and story is worse than BL1 and that's saying something.-Horrible lack of Fast-Travel locations means you'll be backtracking CONSTANTLY.  I spend half my time playing simply walking back and forth.-The Oxygen restrictions means instead of exploring at your leisure, you've now got 1 more thing to worry about and is an un-necessary and un-fun restriction.-This feels very little like a Borderlands game. You can tell it was made by a step-child of 2K because it just lacks the polish and production value of BL1 and BL2."
76561198149556910,Not Recommended,261640,21981960,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Neros_Decay,"played enough. and made it to three ""curse words"" i think they were all♥♥♥♥♥ this game is horrible. i dont know whats going on. Aussies made the game. They suck at making games. Bought it as a bundle and played the hell outa BL2. going from that to the Pre...... ♥♥♥♥ing horrible.Please do not buy this. youve been warned. If yoy do buy it, have fun dealing with Steams joke of a customer support for a refund ♥♥♥♥♥es"
,Not Recommended,261640,21992558,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Perrynoraa,Play BL2. Its better.
,Recommended,261640,13649617,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jms9240,"I really think this is a great game, its even better than borderlands 2 in my opinion, GREAT GAME!"
76561198036929943,Recommended,261640,12895095,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,blueferral,This game much fun.  You play now!  You no play now your mom no like you.  So make mom like you and play now!
,Not Recommended,261640,20853404,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,❤Lancelot❤,"I am a huge fan of the BorderLands series, but, but this one standsout. It doesn't standout for being a good game, nor a bad game. What I am trying to say is that it tries to be Borderlands 2, but even Borderlands 2 still comes out on top.Pros:- Low Gravity.- Laser Guns.- Interresting Characters.- Get to See What Happens Before The Events Of BorderLands 2.- 2k Austrailia isn't in buisness anymore.Cons:- Oxygen Levels.- Don't Need Oxygen When played As Cl4p-Tp, but then again you have a choice to play as Cl4p-Tp.- Story only Interesting, only when playing as Athena.- Your Character Talks, which just get annoying.- All of the new Characters Talk with an Australian Accent( Not To Be Mean, BUT EVERY NEW CHARACTER TALKS WITH AN AUSTRAILIAN ACCENT.)- The Game Was Made and Developed by 2k Austrailia, The Same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S Who Made BioShock 2.- The Game Feels Too Boring unless you have a friend to play with- The Price is 40 Dollars When Not On Sale, and you could get BorderLands 2 GOTY For The Same Price.- The Game Has No Add-On Campaigns/DLC- The Game Just Feels Like a REALLY LONG BORDERLANDS 2 DLC, Infact Why Did They Just Add This as a DLC For BorderLands 2 Instead of Selling It As a Stand Alone Game.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------I Could Go on and on about the cons, but you know the cons if you played BorderLands 2 or even the Original BorderLands.Another Reason I Why I Purchased this was only the extra SHIFT CODES I got from completing Tales From The BorderLands 100%, and sure the heads and skins do look cool, but don't judge a boook, or rather a game, by it's cover/heads/skins/guns."
,Recommended,261640,28173782,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Carfire116 (B-day! 10/7),"It's just like the same Borderlands 2 we all know and love. but this game comes with LASERS, SHOTS GUNS, AND LASER SHOTGUNS!!!! YOUR WELCOME!!!!! .... oh and being able to play as a Jack double and Hammerlocks sister is pretty cool ... i guess .... (for the love of a, i JUST got the pun i made about Arelia being ""cool"" -_-)"
,Recommended,261640,33004669,Posted: 29 June,all,RussianHentaiGiraffe,it alright
,Recommended,261640,32672201,Posted: 23 June,all,FlyingDog401,>Being a total fan of borderlands 2>Arrive to Concordia>Go to Moxxi's place>Find Lilith and Roland>Roland death flashbacks>Cry-11/10 Would buy again
,Recommended,261640,20608629,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wong,Not as good as Borderlands 2 but still pretty good.
76561198117937438,Not Recommended,261640,20255569,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Razor El Savior,Buy this game when you decide to give it a shot and when it's on sale. Full price is to much for the little content you get. Fun addition but not worthy a full borderlands game. Finished first playthrough in exact 10 hours. Finding good weapons is really really hard. I ended the story line using a quest reward laser gun from moxy. If you plan on doing borderlands series i recommend buying borderlands 2 with it's dlc.
76561198060865806,Not Recommended,261640,17087681,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,megumin,"Before  any one starts  ♥♥♥♥♥ing at  me  let me  tell you  why i dont recomend this.Every thing in this  ♥♥♥♥ing  game is to  damn easy, right  down to  the  final  bossthis is  the  problem when you give your approval to an australian company anything that is  to violent or  to hard thell just  make  everything so  easy for  you remember the badasses in 1 and 2 yea  a cupple  shots  in the chest there  gone in like 4 seconds with a  ♥♥♥♥ING PISTOL and its  not  even a  powerfull pistol.2K Australia is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ company  who  will babby you.if you want a  relaxing  shooter thats not a chalange buy  this game not chalanging  what  so ever.Also never buy from 2k Australia there games are  bound  to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless you like  non chalanging  games then  go  ahead  2k Austrelia   you  disapoint me."
,Not Recommended,261640,35393597,Posted: 1 October,all,[8thVA] ze,"game gets boring and feels like a reskin of bl2, ive invested almost 500 hours in bl2 but struggle to get 20 in this one, just get bl2 and if bl3 comes out after this review, you should probably get it too"
,Recommended,261640,12494676,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,YuHNG M3L@N0Ma,"Pros:-great port-bl2, but better-vehicles are cooler-cryo and laser weapons-lunestone weapons-the grindercons:-fewer character customizations (heads & colors)-fewer achievements, but that may change once dlc is released-no slag weapons-minimal interactions with previous vault hunters, unlike the previous gamesIf you liked the first two, you'll love this one"
,Recommended,261640,12496092,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,๖ۣۜnicehipo,This game is decent if you are a hardcore fan of the Borderlands series and like Australians. If you don't like Borderlands or Australians you won't like this game.
,Recommended,261640,12495867,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Linoge Gray,"This game is a MUST if you're a fan of Borderlands and Borderlands 2. It has the same feeling and great humor. Combat and gameplay have minor changes that keep it interesting. It's definitely not as big of a jump as Borderlands 2 was, but it's still worth a shot if you enjoyed the other games.After experiencing minor bugs and targeting issues I give it 8.5/10"
76561197998651875,Recommended,261640,12496988,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cowtown Cobra,Great game like the other ones.
,Recommended,261640,18156966,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,GC Positive,"With two games, and hundreds of hours of content between them, veteran players and those who never found themselves particularly attached to the series have grown tired of the Borderlands formula. The Pre-Sequel does little next to nothing to alleviate this fatigue. But, if you’re looking for more of the same arcadey shooter gameplay that the previous two entries supplied then the Pre-Sequel is the game for you.https://youtu.be/0dq8N5uGoa8"
,Recommended,261640,12737119,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,damp,"Best game ever, after you get past the Australian accents of course."
,Not Recommended,261640,22005741,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,GhostGalleon,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I played through BL1 and 2 (and expansions) multiple times with my girlfriend, so when we bought this, I was pretty excited since we had waited over a year to get it and the season pass. Sadly, this game falls really short of what I expected.So--here's what wrong with it:Oxygen: Sure, it makes sense because we're on the moon and all, but for the first half of the game it's really annoying. Butt slams and boost jumping is fun, but finding oxygen and needing to monitor it is just an annoyance, and simply takes you out of combat/walking/searching because you'll eventually run out, meaning that you'll have to find a source of it.Platforming: If you're going to do platforming, at least do it well. Jumping around to look for stuff in the first two games was fine, usually it was for a search quest, but in The Pre-Sequel, it's almost everywhere. There's no real point to it other than to make it look ""cool"", and that wears off pretty fast. Also, platforming is one of the vehicles is horribly annoying and you only need to do that about three or so times in the game, so it makes me question why it's even there--plus the vehicle controls badly and is sometimes slow to respond to button presses, which leads to cheap deaths.Mission Bosses: I don't like to grind. I don't want to have to for either loot or experience. Some of the bosses aren't fun at all. There are at least three bosses that aren't fun at all because the game just wants you to hold the trigger button until it's dead, and if you didn't grind (but are on the mission level), then the boss will just take forever. There's nothing fun about jump-straffing and shooting a boss, knocking its shield down three times, and then killing it. The bosses aren't hard, they're just annoyingly long and in cheap places (like not near stores, like most BL1 and 2 were), which means you run out of ammo and have to search for it.The game is medicore; it's like a bad expansion to Borderlands 2. If you really like Borderlands and feel like you'll miss out by not getting this, get it--it's not all bad, it's basically BL2 with some annoyances and very un-fun parts. That said, if I had the chance to, I'd refund this because I didn't enjoy most of it despite trying very hard to."
,Recommended,261640,12916625,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Eraserhead,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198135937491,Not Recommended,261640,18385247,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,I_Love_Bananas!,this game is a compleat letdown compaired to bordeerlands 2
,Recommended,261640,30375235,Posted: 7 March,all,Post Ironic Gay Nihilism,Underrated outta 10
76561197985545445,Recommended,261640,16504725,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Zantia,"It's borderlands through and through.Nothing overly new, however they do keep it interresting by always having characters with great personalities.The personalities of the characters is what's keeping this series going, it's a shoot-em-up story driven legacy that'll live on for a long time to come.There are always things the critics want to rack down on and to be honest, so should I.But who's got time with that when you're playing the game?There are things that needs fixing and then there's things that need balancing, but that's nothing new in the gaming industry.Bottom line, if you liked the other Borderland games in this series then this is a must have, if you're more into Arcade shooters or realistic shooters then this is not the game for you.I always said that this game takes a special kind of people to shine and that is true.Question is. How special are you? And do you think you've got what it takes to become a Vault Hunter?"
,Recommended,261640,15004256,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Uber (Quaid),mlg son 10/10 would dorito again #illuminate
,Recommended,261640,19298475,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dr. Magicson,I get to shoot people on the moon.8/1010/10 with rice
,Recommended,261640,19299047,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Your Left Nut,"i played for an hour, ♥♥♥♥ing cmap trap gave me aids"
76561198087551062,Recommended,261640,13785114,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jamie_9805,Good cup of tea
76561198064289324,Not Recommended,261640,19295115,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,iIl0()01i,This should have been at best a DLC fro Borderlands 2.  Terrible Voice acting. Lame Laser weapons that are not that powerful.  Bla....
76561197970074144,Recommended,261640,13515054,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cire,Awesome!
,Recommended,261640,14541406,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Soul inside the machine,"honesty first policy here:personally borderlands 2 is my favourite game i have ever played, and this is an AMAZING game, but it just does not live up to the game that came before it, i dont know if it was because of pickles annoying voice or the game seeming a bit smaller.all in all probably both.________________________________________________________________________________do not get me wrong here i am comparing this game to one i find alot better but this is still a game i highly recommend.________________________________________________________________________________this game is funny and it does bring in more character interaction then the pervious games so i will give it that. but if this game just had a bit more to the main story it would be better then the bl2 main story.now i say main story because he is the bad part about this game.the DLCs.in bl2 u have 4 huge dlc campaigns and 5 smaller packs plus 2 unlockable characters.so far in bltps we have 2 characters, a arena battle (which admittedly is better then the bl2 arenas) and 1 dlc campaign to be released.now i don't know about you but this seems a bit of a let down to me, with all its dlcs bl2 is basically 3 times the size of its main game and it keeps up its quality of content through all of it. but bltps is just not even attempting to pass that and better themselves as a game, if in the future this game makes new dlcs they havent announced yet then by all means i will give them a shot but this is a classic example of a game not reaching the level of the one that came before it.so as i said before, yes i recommend this game, but if u have not played borderlands 2, i recommend getting that before you get this, that way you will bring out the true enjoyment of both games.2"
,Not Recommended,261640,16142992,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,scottviger,2K you're on my Not buy listthe game is not finishthere is nothing new since borderland 2
76561197963119461,Not Recommended,261640,16008295,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Chebz,"A below average game, terrible design decisions, boring story, shallow characters, frustrating gameplay.Now before I continue, I am not comparing it to previous sequels which mostly carried over similar issue.My biggest problem with this game is how it is designed. You can't lose in this game, every time you die you are respawned at near checkpoint. If you were fighting a boss and died in the middle of the fight, that boss is going to be at whatever hp it was when you died. You can't restart the fight from the beginning. It absolutely ruins any challenge and any sense of accomplishment. When I battle a boss I want to go toe-to-toe an beat it in one setting from 100% to 0, and not run back chirping away at his healthbar on every death. And if he beats me, fine, but I want to try again from the beginning.On top of it game is hard. You will die a lot at least in the beginning. Some enemies have elemental damage which pretty much kills you in one hit. So a lot of it is reduced to: kill 5 guys, die, respawn, kill next 5, die, respawn, etc...The story is absolutely a drag. Even Jack who was a blast in BL2 and supposed to be the most interesting character is reduced to a bunch of pointless one liners like ""go here"" and ""do that"" with occasional unfunny joke here and there. Other NPCs are even worse, completely unmemorable, and MMO-level bland ""quest-givers"".Game does not introduce anything new. Laser weapons and limited oxygen could have just been a small expansion. And one of your main features is buttstomp, you know your game sucks.Worst of all this game is just boring. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,261640,16010856,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tea Frond,Same enemies for the first 10 hours.
76561197991695861,Not Recommended,261640,16018601,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Partsier,"$60 I wish i had back, I cant even get past the accents of the NCPs.  Its the same game its always been.  If the story line interests you, read about it on wikipedia and save your money.  Wish i had never bought this mistake of a Borderlands game."
76561198094268931,Recommended,261640,12725767,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ghostonwater,awsome game if u loved 2 u will luv this
76561198148202201,Not Recommended,261640,16111211,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Wylie,A step backwards i think. The humor found in BL1 and 2 is not here at all. Most of this games jokes and humor was met with half opened eyes and an expressionless face. bad humor and low gravity nonsense... just skip this
76561198108033807,Not Recommended,261640,16297561,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Fruitcake,"bad, just... bad"
76561198029185283,Recommended,261640,16301360,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Arctic Thunder,♥♥♥♥♥ we made it.
,Recommended,261640,16021885,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,紫色宇航员,"Bought it, now I am still playing DFOgg never picked up again"
,Recommended,261640,15781441,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,demigod791,"its not the best of the series but its a great game and with Claptastic Voyage it makes the story very intresting, the classes including the Baroness and the Doppleganger makes the game even more fresh. There are very little downsides besides the end game is less lacking."
,Recommended,261640,15630926,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Brock-S™,great game
,Recommended,261640,12726244,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Munch,"Borderlands: Pre-Sequel overall is a very fun game, with a lot downfalls however, it doesn't quite meet my general expectations.For a start, the ""new guns"" was pretty much a lie. Cryo weapons and beam weapons are just a gimmick and honestly not that much of a big deal. Aside from that, there is nothing at all to change the guns and they all look and work exactly the same to those in Borderlands 2. Worst of all, it's way too difficult to find cool rare loot. Most of the time, its not worth the time to even look at the gun and the only good ones I've found have been out of the golden chest over in Concordia.There is a lack of checkpoints in the game which is incredibly irritating. You can find yourself dying and respawning miles away and having to trek back the whole way. Really annoying.One last thing is the lack of difference to Borderlands 2. Seriously, the only thing they've changed is the setting, and to be quite honest, it looks like a big DLC and I think it's just another Saints Row 4, except not as bad. They didn't even make an effort to change the HUD at all or even the main menu style. It's the little changes like that, that can improve a game massively and they fell down in that area.But, despite the negative comments, I can't say the game isn't fun. I honestly haven't played that much but I have enjoyed every second. The humour is childish, yet hilarious. The character development and skill trees are great and the way everyone interacts with eachother really immerses you. The missions are brilliant and one last thing, the scenery is some of the best I've seen. Being able to look up at Pandora, with Eridium pouring out of it, and looking down at the huge moon from Helios is truly delightful.So overall, the changes are not enough and I give that a 4/10However the game is just too fun, so I give that an 8/10"
,Recommended,261640,13073014,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sir Nemexis,"I would like to get into more detail about this game and I'll probably do so in the future but for now I'll just give you my opinion about the game. Borderlands The Pre-Sequal takes place in-between Borderlands 1 and Borderlands 2 and just so 2K Australia could call the game Pre-Sequal they added some dialogue for some BL2 characters talking whilst Athena tells the story. Borderlands The Pre-Sequal feels very much like a expansion than a full game and is also not a very long to complete game either. It only took me about 3-4 hours to complete the game if just focusing on the main quests. The guns are pretty much the same recycled guns that were in Borderlands 2, guns such as the Maggie, Pitchfork and even the Tortoise shield. The game is fun to play with friends but is a pain to play solo which the Borderlands series already suffered from. Some of the new characters have really cool skills but some like Willhelm have very similar skills to Roland and Axton. The story of how Handsome Jack became evil and conquered Hyperion's leadership is a little too cliche and doesn't have anything to make the player read between the lines, for example, when Jack is shot at or kills others he makes it very clear and I mean VERY clear that he is turning evil by commenting on his situation or actions and says he enjoys it. The story is quite predictable. Once again this game is very fun to play with friends and the easter eggs are just as good if not even better than the previous games so I would recommend this to any Borderlands fans out there. Yeah I guess this was a full review just with some details not explained fully...."
76561198046361440,Not Recommended,261640,16567713,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Margio,So about a month ago me and my friend bought this game.  It wasn't worth it.  What ever you do don't buy this game unless if it's on sale.  Even steam knows it's bad because as i'm writing this review its on sale cheaper than when I got it for $30.  DON'T DO IT.  PLEASE GOD.  @That looser that reviews games.NoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoNoDon't waist ur money
76561198091034264,Recommended,261640,12737595,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,..,laserscryo weaponsslamrepetitive9/10
,Recommended,261640,14926803,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Charizard,"This is a great game and it's a lot of fun, expecially if you enjoyed previous Borderlands games. The only problem is that I feel it is very poorly made for a triple A title. Enemies constantly clip through the map, mainly the ceiling, although sometimes bullets and rockets clip through walls, floors, and pillars. I noticed this most on the fight with the Bosun, where his lasers liked to go straight through whatever you were hiding. Also another problem with this is the freezing and crashing with certain graphics cards. I recently bought an MSI Twin Frozr 970 and around every 30 minutes the game freezes and makes me either wait 15 minutes for it to close properly, or to just restart my computer entirely. This never happened with my previous 750 graphics card. Also my friend who has the plague of playing this game with an AMD graphics card where the PhysX and everything about this game are more towards Nvidia. His entire computer crashes from playing this. Although I have seen the Gearbox and 2K say that they know if this issue, it a fairly severe issue. Due to the fact it makes the game almost unplayable, from having to restart from the most recent save after the game shuts down. Although I have my gripes about this game, if you enjoy the series and are okay with having some issues I would completely reccomend this game."
76561198045735996,Recommended,261640,14121766,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Beautiful Gorgeous,butt slams and cryo weapons :D
,Recommended,261640,30484300,Posted: 12 March,all,Wat,"Don't play with friends, cause they'll steal all your hard earned loot.Pros: Loot, and solid gunplay.Cons: Friends.I have found a work around, just mash the loot button whenever a chest is opened and go through it later. Don't buy ammo upgrades, only buy bag space as it will help you in the long run. Why do you need more ammo if you have all the guns? Exactly."
76561198025767343,Recommended,261640,12736236,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hero of the Minish,"A very good game if you enjoyed the other borderlands games, there's a few new mechanics but nothing that changes the over all game play, if you'd like more of the same then I would definitely recommend this game. If you've had enough of the same formula from borderlands 1 and 2 I would just wait until borderlands 3 inevitably comes out."
,Recommended,261640,28977197,Posted: 3 January,all,wank pheasant,"No meat bicycle, but hey, Borderlands on the friggin' moon"
,Recommended,261640,13765448,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Spawn,"Geil geil, OBERGEIL!"
,Recommended,261640,21960023,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Made in Heaven,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,261640,18912294,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,duck,Worth the moneyGot to play as claptrap and was able to highfive people10/10
76561198141615567,Recommended,261640,20277322,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Silentninja,10/10 jacks sexy
,Not Recommended,261640,18264712,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,Borderlands 2 - content -humor - length - badassness - plot + wierd mario platformer = Borderlands The Pre-Sequel
76561198034123494,Not Recommended,261640,23303508,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Big Boss,"It's not a bad game. If you haven't played borderlands before, this should be an entertaining game. If you had played the earlier games, this ones doesnt bring anything new, same old same old.I liked the story of bl2 more than this one. Somehow, i got bored more easily while playing the pre-sequel. Part due to the enormous walking/driving distances without much happening. Well other reviews described the same, just read those.Haven't finished the game, but I guess I never will. I will go waste my time on other games."
,Recommended,261640,16390533,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,<[v ͞  v<] ᴉɯɐN <[v ͞  v<],I chose to play as Claptrap. The game crashed.
76561198109693939,Recommended,261640,14988004,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,«skill » joker ☢ ✖,nice game !
,Not Recommended,261640,29146384,Posted: 9 January,all,amircs,"Not even close to Borderlands 2 in quality. I did not had a good time playing this game, specially compared to BL2 which was one my favorite games of all time. It would be a shame if this is the last game in series. Hope there is a new Borderlands coming with same level as BL2.Cons:Very poor writing, mundane jokes, non engaging story-line, bad end-game, etc.Just check the steam charts to see the difference in player base to tell the story.Pros:You gotta see what happened before BL2.Buy only on very huge sale and only if you want to know what happened before BL2. Otherwise go and enjoy BL2."
76561198107379442,Not Recommended,261640,19479478,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,duke.hallman,Hi. I like borders. And I like lands. But I hate sequels. 2/10
76561198033418937,Recommended,261640,16882932,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Krekaboy,"This games story is amazing, handsdown the best story out of all the games. The character development of Jack is done perfectly. Even though the combat is not as good as the other two games, and the endgame REALLY suffers, it is still a well built, interesting, and fun game."
,Recommended,261640,18930375,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Big Dank,"Good game, amazing story, would play it more if I have not beaten it on the console already. So in other terms, this game in particular has a bad replay value."
76561198124741888,Not Recommended,261640,12834400,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,arcapello,"Borderlands is a game about doing quests and levelling up. That's it. To get away with that you have to do it right.Should you buy this game?Fors:1. The game is very well balanced. This could be subjective but I've always found the maths in this game to be solid.What you don't want is to level up for no reason. Oblivion is a good example - if in Oblivion you levelled up the wrong way, not only would you not become more powerful as you levelled you would end up getting weaker since the enemies, even the simple enemies, are levelled up with you.This doesn't happen in Borderlands. I found myself with the right balance of 1. Being more effective in battles and more powerful 2. A constant challenge throughout the game so it doesn't get too easy.Borderlands does this beautifully. I can't fault it's progression.2. Style, The game has it's own style and it's a breath of fresh air. The comedy... is not great, which is again a matter of opinion. It's all so awful at times but it makes up for it with it's self-awareness and fun-loving attitude. The jokes, even though often annoying, empty pop-culture references work well enough to remind you of the tone of the game... fun! I have to give the developers credit for doing whatever they want in this regard.3. Loot. Which is an arm of one of the two main pillars of the game. You'll constantly find yourself looking at the items dropped by enemies and items in vending machines because of the randomisation system that is not used enough. I can liken it to Fallout 3, a user created a mod that added 200 guns to the game and it completely changed the game for me.Not knowing what you'll find is a great thing, it keeps you interested. I'm fed up of games like Dragon Age, Skyrim and Fallout having only a few types of weapons and armors. You don't need to worry about that here. It's true that there are only a few TYPES of weapons here but adding a random generator to the statistics of the weapons should be in all RPGs.Againsts:1. Story: First and foremost of the cons, although I praised the games style I cannot ignore the horrible story.I will not say a spoiler but I will tell you this - you're a vault hunter.... all you'll find is ♥♥♥♥ing sequel bait and no answers.Expect to be disappointed at the end of each of these games in regards to the story.2. Innovation: There is hardly any here. You're given a new system that enables you to do really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jumps, in some places, really slowly and sometimes you'll be able to slam down onto an enemy. The best new thing in the game is the grinder - a system that lets you mix three weapons together to make a better one. It should have been in the first game.3. Characters. Although, as usual, they nail interesting class types and progression I hate how I can't create my own character. This is either a huge over-sight or they are just keeping new characters as DLC. I can change my colour, I can change my head let me choose my gender, my build, my class and my ability. At the very least you should allow us to unlock the ability to play as the characters from the past games. This doesn't have to give you extra work for the story just let it be a bonus for completing certain challenges.4. This is personal but ...they changed the rocket launcher class. IN BORDERLANDS 2 THEY GOT RID OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING ROCKET LAUNCHER CLASS. I LOVED BEING ABLE TO USE THAT AS A PRIMARY WEAPON. NOPE. 30 MISSILES MAXIMUM. NO CHOICE. ♥♥♥♥.5. When are Gearbox going to learn to ♥♥♥♥ing animate? All of the characters look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm sorry, they do. There's a scene where Jack loses his temper after something happens to one of his plans and he's screaming and shouting emotionally (thanks to the great voice acting) and his ♥♥♥♥ing stupid face is hardly moving. You could argue Jack has reasons for his face to hardly move but everybody is like that and have been in all three games.They didn't even bother to mould a ♥♥♥♥ing head for Pickle! A lot of the extra NPCs are either copies of each other or re-skinned bad guys, if re-skinned at all.Overall.Borderlands is a solid game. It's solid. It does everything it should do... you might argue this is because it doesn't have to do a lot! It doesn't innovate at all but it's existence in the first place is welcome.Should you buy it, though?Probably not, honestly.The game does have a charm and, as much as people could tell me otherwise, I saw a lot of thought and variety in the quests. A lot of fun.If what I've described sounds good to you then you are still honestly better off either starting with Borderlands 2 (You won't miss a damn thing from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story) or playing them in order. Borderlands 1 is my favourite but I'm biased because I loved the rocket launcher class, I can say though that Borderlands 2 is the best game of the series."
76561197970336945,Not Recommended,261640,12834735,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,XIII,"Well, if you like Borderlands as a whole, you'll probably like this, at least gameplay wise.  It's pretty much Borderlands 2 with some new gun types, but the assets are largely the same.  The problem with the game is that the writing is pretty awful.  It's heavy-handed in its weird social justice warrior need to be awkwardly inclusionary and to actually work the word misogyny into the game within the first hour.  The writers failed miserably in that basic premise of, ""Show, don't tell,"" instead they opted to go with, ""Bludgeon, then yell.""  It's sad, awkward, and removes you from the game.  It's been a downhill slide since Borderlands 2's DLC, so I don't expect this will get much better."
76561198116668954,Not Recommended,261640,12836689,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Fantasy Boy,game won't even work anymore
,Not Recommended,261640,12841981,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,buzzet,"I was fan of Borderlands 2 and I'm pretty disappointed that this DLC called a game!You can walk through it less than a day and will find that many monsters and audio tracks just got directly from B2.All new characters are boring except Claptrap.This isn't a game itself, you could only call it totally overpriced DLC!"
76561198072158191,Not Recommended,261640,12847858,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Broken Halo,"The plot is uninspired, canned, predictable, formulaic.  The badguys are bland.  The humor isn't that humorous (maybe lost in translation?).  Having loved the first 2 Borderlands, this was a major disappointment.  I'm not really driven to finish the game, as the combat gets repetitive quickly...and the story isn't a lodestone like it was in the other members in the series."
76561198073016998,Not Recommended,261640,12852266,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Firefox,"My opinion is purely based on my gameplay.Sigh, after the riveting fun i had with borderlands 2 and 1 I expected this to be a real winner. I didnt want it to be bad at all. But it feels like the game has lost its charm. The lines have become less humorous and the gameplay has been all over repetitive. There are only like 4 enemy ""races"". The bandits, torks, kraggon, guardians. And it becomes a grind. I felt very optimisitc all the way until the end, now i feel like not playing. The main problems are: not enough added features to spice it up, boring enemies, still a 60$ game. It just feels like a dlc for borderlands 2 and I am quite honestly sad. Also the loot system is completly screwed up. No respawining bosses is what I mean."
76561198067782518,Not Recommended,261640,13176560,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SoloCrusader,"This game is suprisingly dissapointing in every possible manner, it takes borderlands 2 adds some small tweeks to traversal and combat and then consistantly fails to deliver in the writing, comedic delivery, and even simple things they nailed in borderlands 2 like the ai, level design, and net code are consistant failures in this game. The worst thing by far though is that several missions are exactly cut and paste, some even in the same zone this game seems unfinished and lacks the depth and comedic value of the other borderlands games. If you are looking for a loot based shooter to play you are better off looking elsewhere, i would not even recomend this game to the most avid borderlands fan as it drags the entire series down a notch. 3/10 its playable but only by the strictest definition."
,Not Recommended,261640,13179430,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bussy?,"Honestly? No. Don't let my hours fool you, it's a decent game but it lacks content. A lot of content. Not NEARLY as much content as the second game, and it's $30 more. In it's current state I can't bring myself to recommend it to anyone. Wait until DLC comes out (Even if I highly doubt that the DLC will be anything like the second game). There  are also a lot of bugs. Wanna moonjump over a gap? Dead. Tried to moonjump a bulding you thought you could reach? Think again, invisible walls."
76561198067858612,Not Recommended,261640,13191169,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,❀Butter Cup❀,"Doesnt feel like a border lands game at all its not funny to me, i dont care for it i find that i have to force my self to play through it the game play the story just sucks♥♥♥♥♥it took me 13 hr to beat the entire game about 2 1/2 days  of playing There is no point of playing it agian because i dont care to i dont reccomend buying a waste of money if u want a good borderlands game stay with number 2 or the first borderlands."
,Not Recommended,261640,13207260,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Captain Walkin,"It is an alright game for one playthrough... But unlike most Borderlands games, there is no great endgame. Where in BL2 you had dozens of bosses with awesome legendaries to farm, all scattered throughout the entire game, and in BL1, you had the Atlas Armory and Crawmerax, and various chests with high chance of legendaries, Pre-Sequel has maybe two bosses that respawn, and what they drop is not that amazing either, leaving people to farm the vendors for legends. The story is great, I'll say, great dialogue, it's still a good game. It's just not good enough for the price."
,Not Recommended,261640,12782119,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,☆★TEYSTAR!★☆,"You know when FarCry 3 made a second game with the same engine, they didn't charge 60 dollars for Blood Dragon. They respected their customers enough to sell it at a well reduced price.This game is really lackluster compared to Borderlands 2.  It is an okay game but not a $60 dollar game, especially when I can just play BL2 instead.There are plenty of good things about this game.  There are some FPS and UI improvements that are awesome because BL2 really suffered in those areas.  The addition of Oz Kits were pretty cool too, the mechanics of double jumping and jump pads were a great addition and breathed new life into some of the level design in the early areas.  New vehicles control very well and are fun as all hell!  You also got to re-experience a world where Claptraps were in abundance like in the original Borderlands.Unfortunately there are soooooo many reasons why this game does not compare to the previous game.  Every quest and piece of dialog in this game is a joke.  It is poking fun at itself, knowing it is Borderlands, and Borderlands is aaaaaall 'bout 'dem jokes!  Which it wasn't, it was a mix of humor with a serious tone and the serious tone is what this game lacks.  Everything is a joke, so bad that you will end up predicting every god damn punchline to every quest.  Pro Tip: All music jokes centering around dubstep = not funny after the first two times.I found myself with a feeling that I just needed to complete the early parts to get to the really good meaty parts with a serious (but funny) storyline but it never came.  Eventually I found myself against the last boss... followed by the ending movie and closing credits... the game never got good.  Not to mention all of the skill trees for all of the Vault Hunters are so boring and straight forward.  There is no imagination, I never once was looking forward to my next skill point.  The only exception being Claptrap and to some, since he's so absolutely freaking random, he's not the Vault Hunter they want to play.  In my opinion, at least his randomness added a somewhat fun element that kept my attention in the game, even though I was not playing at the level of Support Athena that could tank every single boss and ressurect the whole party in one button press.But the most disgusting part goes back to what I said in the beginning.  They charged a full $60 for this short DLC of a game.  Also the DLC planned for THIS game is packaged in the game.  Purchasing the DLC will only just unlock it so that you can play it without hacking.  This means that they already created this content, held it back on purpose, and will release them slowly as the game ages to pick up the most money out of their customers.  This also means they spent development time and resources that should of been for the main game on this content, which would explain why this game is so short.  Instead, they could of actually left that content open on release aaaaaaaand maybe it would of felt like a complete $60 game.  I'm all for paying for DLC but not if the main game suffers from it just so they can continually charge us for stuff they developed during their scheduled time and resources for the main package.If you don't believe me, look up on the internet people playing as Jack's double and the Baroness, the two DLC characters, whom I am sure will be released one at a time.This is just absolutely disrespectful to the players as well as dishonorable to the art of video game development."
,Not Recommended,261640,13343911,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Business Cat,"If you combine Hammerlock and any other BL2 DLC, you get a better game than this. The only awesome things are: Handsome Jack and Claptrap. Everything else is worse."
,Not Recommended,261640,13344707,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,GunNut42,"I have played both BL1&2 on the 360 and also have bought BL2 here on steam. I was looking foward to the Pre-Sequel. Do not buy it. It is just BL1/2 in a new setting with no innovations other than the reduced gravity crap and atmo stuff.Just BL1/2 with some new things that add nothing to the game and even take away some what. You never travel to Pandora form what I can tell, you are just stuck on the moon and the Helios One station. The game offers nothing new to the franchise. Not worth it. Maybe in a few years when the price has dropped to $20 USDJust to clarify, I have several characters on the 360 on both 1 & 2, which I ran through the game on multiple playthroughs, so I am not just writing thsi after and hour ro so playing the Pre-Sequel  and what little tiem i have in BL2 on Steam."
,Not Recommended,261640,13350111,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,GIMMI BAK MAH HOTDAWG!,Love the Borderland's series...except this one.  It should have just been a DLC.  It feels like a DLC.  It's OK.  But don't buy it until it's cheap.  It isn't worth the full price.
76561198103038201,Not Recommended,261640,13405583,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Atrisal,no end-game activities
,Not Recommended,261640,13412092,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,SgtSerious,"Buy Borderlands 2, Pre-Sequel just isn't as fun though it feels like a DLC. I'd only recommend it when its down to 10 bucks.Pros- for me it was that the character you play has more todo with the story and sayCons-Nothing todo at max level-Endgame is the grinder and alt-f4-Lack of areas, its moon desert mostlyBuy BL2 its great"
,Recommended,261640,13464768,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hydrophobia,Yeah baby! Nisha is cool.
76561198110000426,Recommended,261640,13564724,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,finster32,"Yes, it is a good game but from boderlands 2 there is little variation. To start off with the map seems to be smaller and the variation in weapons and enimies is less. You could see this game as just another one of the DLC's for borderlands 2 as the content is small and gameplay lmost the same. Even as I say all of this, this game is good and exactly what you would expect from the Borderlands series"
,Recommended,261640,14541190,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,KiNGTiTUS,"2K Games Australia, must have done a lot of thingking this time since Borderlands 2 was not that great. But this was WAAAAAAYYYYYYYY better that Borderlands 2 and 1"
76561198015414058,Not Recommended,261640,12831943,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,{Bio - Hazzard} Mad Hatter,"I just bought the pre sequel and the season pass, when i load the game, there arent the 2 new characters and when i go on downloadable contents it says season pass is not installed, but on steam it says its installed wtf??"
,Recommended,261640,13804039,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,brobofrodo,"-skipped the credits-""2K Games will not forget that""-10/10"
76561198047493125,Recommended,261640,13904369,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BacaeStrife,"While this game is fun, interesting, and the new aerial combat, and different action skills of the Vault Hunters this time around, for the most part, the game suffers from a lack of direction it feels like.  The main villain's motives are never clearly defined, for no adequate reason, to the point where they straight go ""No cares, die now!""  When honestly I was very interested.  Another problem is the lack of variety in the places you go, most of the enviroments are the same grey moon rock everywhere, with some buildings thrown over it.  A lack of fast travel stations to half the areas also weakens the overall game, and no real side quests stand out as overly interesting or funny.  The combat is solid, the verticality offered by the Oz Kits along with the slam function both do a lot to make the fighting from Borderlands 2 fresh again.  However, Borderlands 2 would still be a more fun game to play if you just put those functions into its story through mods or the like honestly.  I'm sure someone will at some point if they haven't already, but I digress.  The story, despite never being explained well enough, is still fairly good, though you know where most of it is going if you've played Borderlands 2 already so no REAL surprises in the end.  A glaring issue a number of people have at this point is the lack of a true end game, meaning that there's nothing to do once you beat the story, because the 'Raid Boss' can be soloed without even breaking a sweat, I know I've done it and I'm far from the most skilled Borderlands player in the world, though I'm not half bad at the game either.  All the issues I'm pointing out could easily be fixed with a good story driven DLC with some true bosses, or even Raid Dungeons leading up to a boss being put in at the very end, preferrably not a rehash of the same enemy from the story, but oh well.  Overall I'd give the game a solid 7/10 if you're a Borderlands fan.  If you enjoyed 2, you'll like this one.  If you're not, don't even bother because it's the same game just on the moon with a different story, and a couple of new combat elements.  You might consider waiting till some more DLC comes out, unless you just really have to play as Handsome Jack right now."
,Recommended,261640,12869801,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Inhale My Dong Enragement Child,YES!!! YOU CAN CALL IT A BUTT-SLAM!!!!10/10 Would Butt-Slam again
,Recommended,261640,14373109,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ToastedToaster,"Played a bit of this and the gameplay is pretty similar to Borderlands 2. If you love Borderlands 2 like i did, you sure would love this one. the story is quite nice and entertaining, since ther is Handsome Jack. Skill system is pretty similar with Borderlands 2 as well, not much change there. There is  a few addition to the game such as cryo weapons, able to blow up enemy's oxygen tank (tho its pretty useless) and many other minor things.  But this game IMO deserve an 8/10"
,Recommended,261640,12824369,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,MuriDuri,My Oz-kit makes fart sounds. 10/10
,Recommended,261640,12927650,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,LORDDEREX (Beta),"I donk know why but i like this game more then borderlands 2.-I do like the extra voice lines that have been added to all 4 heroes.so when like Jack is speaking, all 4 have a things to say (in co-op, one speak, think its the one that is closest to where the quest area is).I also like the feature with low gravity, butt-slam, laser weapons, and alot of little things that was missing in borderlands 2.-Clap trap, alot of voice lines, not only by the real ""clap trap"", but there is a few more clap trap units too."
76561198044715921,Recommended,261640,12920865,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Yeager,Its great but it makes you feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for playing it
,Recommended,261640,19046346,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,GEMINI,Good but not great
76561198068158383,Recommended,261640,13328254,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,NukaRupert,Want a game that has hours of hillarious content? then this game is for yew! Buy now! DO IT >_>
,Recommended,261640,13595869,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ModishPixel,"It's a decent game as a set up for a potental Borderlands 3 and had an interesting storyline, the replayability is in my opinon better than in past borderlands games with the naritive changing with true vault hunter mode."
,Recommended,261640,30395774,Posted: 8 March,all,Sythgreen,So far so good.
,Recommended,261640,12770565,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kit,"Seems to be a lot of hate for this game, from fans and non-fans alike. I'm a fan and I think this is the best of the three so far, so go figure."
76561198114633590,Not Recommended,261640,13407711,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Munky Maniac,"What I dislike about Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel - the fact that, since the day I bought this, the cross platform (Mac and PC) multiplayer across Steam has not been working.What I like about Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel - I'll let you know once I actually manage to play the damn thing cross platform!So far? 0/5"
,Recommended,261640,14643489,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,play it before you play it again
,Recommended,261640,14813242,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,JuniorDolphington,"may i just ask something and hope for an answer... why the hell am i not allowed to use my skull keys??? i have 4 according to shift.. but in game i have 0..... like wtf... other than that, i have only played 3hrs so right now i like the game other than some of the enemies die too quick and some of the enimies glitch out and wont take any damage and kill me right away, forcing me to have to kill a different enemy and run away... but i still like the game, i will write another review if i end up not liking it, but, BL2 is still way better in my eyes, TPS is like a 5-6 out of 10 and BL2 is a 9.5-10 out of 10.. anyways someone please tell me why i cant use my skull keys and why it says i have none in game but it says i have 4 in SHiFT"
76561198041418388,Recommended,261640,14614559,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Zackboy789,I think this game is great. It has more of everything that was good in BL2 and more (including more handsome Jack). It was cool playing as the villians of the Borderlands history (I <3 Nisha). The story is awesome and even though Jack is already kind of messed up the story makes him more sympathetic! One of my favorite additions in this game is that there is basically more character to every character! Whomever you play as usually has some kind of response to most of the things said by characters in main and sidequests. This is my favorite Borderlands game!
76561198094390275,Recommended,261640,13918832,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Firebrett,Amazing game
76561198145986013,Not Recommended,261640,14272817,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Velvet,Loved BL 1 and 2... I don't know what happened with this strange australian mess... I mustered up enough to finish this game just for the story (which.... was meh)... but have to say I feel extremely ripped off. I loved doing raids and collecting rare loot on my 360 with BL2 but this once I beat the final boss I just kinda turned it off and never thought about it again.Extremely boring with horrible accents that make you  wanna rip your hair out and bad playable characters.
76561198047430838,Recommended,261640,14273208,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Papa_John,10/10 best game
,Recommended,261640,16554251,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LHD,"Jack's skill - 'inspired', is a must add.It is so inspiring, i cry everytime.World's finest inspirator10/10 will be inspired."
76561198012790431,Not Recommended,261640,17342163,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Beatlejuice,"Liked Borderlands 2 a ton. This one just doesn't live up to it. Not as fun and the humor mostly falls flat. The moon enviroment really doesn't lend itself to the game either. It's just empty and bleak whereas BL2 had variety. Poor attempt and really it's just BL2 with new characters and missions.If you still like playing BL2, keep playing it and give this one a pass."
,Recommended,261640,14198585,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Humanemagician5™,Great game but if you have played borderlands 2 it seems as if the same engine was used and graphics
,Recommended,261640,13210407,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,{pDs} Shignog,Another Borderlands game and it does not disapoint. As fun as this game is i cant wait to see what the next will be like and have more fun. If you have borderlands 1 or 2 or both need to check this one out.
,Not Recommended,261640,17499967,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Railgun #11591,"Well, while I enjoy this game in what my group and I have been able to play of it, The biggest buzzkill this game has is the stability.  We played BL2 no problem.  We beat it and started another play through.  We have in the group myself on an AMD phenom II based system with an Nvidia 570 based card.  Another on an AMD based system with dual AMD 5750s.  Our third is using a two year old Apple iMac system with an intel core I5 and an Nvidia card of some type.  We all experience crashing problems in this game, however the previous game isn't an issue.  This really kills the playability of the game as if we quit after getting frustrated with crashes we have to restart at a distant checkpoint the next time.  If the host crashes we have to cover old ground again.  In short this gets old fast.  We literally spent the last 3 game sessions covering the same patch of ground.  We get on to game once a week, pick a game and go.  The stability issue is a serious deterrent to finishing the game.  I like the Borderlands franchise but with the stability issues at hand with this game it is slowly killing our desire to play this game, buy into another game in the franchise, or buy DLC for this game."
76561198062399425,Recommended,261640,12975038,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[LG] Crabb,"This is one of my favorite games by far, and i highly rcomend it if u enjoy the other two borderlands"
,Not Recommended,261640,17778303,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Gilgamesh The Red,"A waste of $90. $30 maybe, but only if it came with the gigantic disappointing DLCs and you wanted to waste a weekend."
76561198141376588,Recommended,261640,17393879,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mephiston,"is this game fun? yea sure it is. but it is also annoying and almost an exact mold of borderlands 2, except for laser weapons and low gravity movement. my main problem with this game is that im still experiencing issues that i encountered while playing the first borderlands. the textures pop in every single time you enter a new area or come off a loading screen, i get stuck on ""invisible walls"" whether just exploring an area or in a firefight, its really annoying to get stuck on a piece of terrain that you should clearly be able to traverse. my other issue is all the running around. in BL2 sure you had to run to places to complete objectives, but i always felt there was something to look at, something to shoot at, something to do. i dont feel this way when i play the pre sequel. i just feel like im running around like a chicken with my head cut off. while these gripes are only small things, the fact that im still having these ""small problems"" after 3 years and through 2 more games, is unacceptable. gearbox, you have and always will be a bunch of money mongering dlc loving ♥♥♥♥♥s. despite all this, im a huge fan of the series and felt i had to complete this game regardless of my annoyance. so should you buy it? only if youre a hardcore borderlands fan. i find myself going back and playing BL2 a lot more than this game. which in my opinion, says quite a bit about it. i sure do wish there was some kind of middle button for the recommendation."
,Recommended,261640,12811554,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Statutory Tape,"Difficult to say, but I do recommend this game. Despite having a shorter story line, and some copied content, the game is an absolute blast, and worth my money. The game is no where NEAR perfect, but it is definetly a step in the right direction. Borderlands 2 was fun, but dissapointing.In BL2 the story was dull, the gameplay was numbingly boring for a game supposed to be based around a storyline. In fact, I didn't even really know what the story was about until about the 3rd play through. This time, the story was much better. I would not say it was fantastic, but it was a great improvement from the last game. The special dialouges from the characters helped make the game more interesting, and makes me want to try out all the characters to hear all the dialouges. A few things really did still annoy me about the story though. The middle/end of the story was very bland. Like in BL2, it ended up being a grindy, dull, play through of going through random NPC's and doing what they ask you to do without any really entertaining content besides blowing through a couple hundred enemies. It also left many open ends that weren't really any kind of hint at future content, it was mostly just dead ends in the story line that were never answered to keep the story moving.Loot is obviously a huge part of the game, and similar to the storyline, it wasn't terrible, but not fantastic. So far, I've been able to find a few legendaries, and most seem faily balanced as well as entertaining. I cannot really say to much about balance at this point because of the lack of information on legendaries, and combos. Despite the balancing, I definetly enjoy the ability to find legendaries in vending machines again. A HUGE mistake 2k made in BL2 was making money the most useless thing in borderlands history. Now, the vending machines not only carry legendaries at random times, but they can also hold actual useful weapons. With money being an actual factor in the game, it makes fighting enemies, picking up money/loot and selling it, and then finding some badass rocket launcher to blow up a scavs head with a lot more fun.Boss fights were still a huge dissapointment to me. A lot of boss fights are about 10x easier than the route to get there. The final boss was fun, but if you played through it correctly it was faily dull. When I played through it, I used Athena, and a friend used Nisha. The combo was OP, but even without the OP combo, the boss fight would still be fairly dull. The reason was not so much the difficulty, but the balance of loot, and lack of enviroment. There was no way to really ""tactically"" go about most of the bosses. It was usually jump as much as you can and try not to miss, or hide behind a pillar and don't get shot by random enemies while sniping the boss. The tactics are very repetative, and dull. The loot from the bosses is also fairly dissapointing. Bosses usually drop a surplus of useless white, green, and some blue or purple weapons, and rarely anything very useful after you reach level 50. Everyone wants to get legendaries after capping out, and constantly having to go through a boring boss is a huge bore when trying to get legendaries.It sounds like I'm talking a lot trash about the game, but I very much did enjoy it. I go into detail about the cons because I feel like they need more publicity for people to understand why the game they're playing might be boring to them. A lot of these things are letting the franchise die out, and the issue is that not many people understand the mechanics that go behind the game. This makes it hard for people to understand why the game is so boring, and dull.In the end, I recommend this game if you want to have something to pulled into really quickly. If you want a game that you can play for the storyline then stop playing, you've got the wrong game. As for recommendations to the game devs, I have quite a long list of items: First things first, bosses. I would like to see more storyline or background for bosses. There is always a build up to the boss fights that you're going to enter, but during the fight there is no continuation of the story. It feels like the story is going, and going, then it's pause the story for a boss fight, then the story continues with a cutscene. Example: the very end of the game has a very weird surprise boss fight, where the player knows it's a boss fight, but doesn't know what to expect. Jack has a couple lines, but doesn't really say or do much during the fight. In addition, the loot, and balancing of the fight needs much improvment. So far, the game gives you a boss fight that if you play your cards correctly, you can finish fairly quickly. The loot you get is mediocre, and requires a lot of grinding to get decent material. In general, the bosses feel makes it feel like you need to get the most OP weapon you can find, so you can melt the boss faster than it can melt you. What I would love to see would be difficult, rich, and more enviroment based bosses. These bosses are harder for solo players, but possible. The same concept of attacks can be used, but I would like to see either larger arenas where abilities can actually be dodged, and aren't lock on missles that never miss (cough cough tourge DLC from BL2), but still require skill and cunningness to avoid, or medium sized arenas where you can hide from certain attacks, or jump to other levels in an arena to avoid attacks.If these things can be implimented in even a DLC, I would be greatful to pay for the full price game. I will most likely never stop buying Borderlands games because of my love for the series and it's concept. I can tell the devs are finally listening to the commuity, and this game is a good stepping stone for future games of the series. I don't expect this post to get read by a dev or anything, but hopefully it springs something in certain minds. The game isn't for everyone, and the best thing I can say is give it a go. Maybe you'll fall in love with it too."
76561198160227629,Recommended,261640,17598925,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Orange Ida,"most fun i have had in a game for a LONG time ive only finished the 1st boss but DAMN this game is fun,the artstyle is appealing and very ammusing if this game EVER goes on sale i qugjest getting it then and there"
,Recommended,261640,23474429,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ApplezPie,"I'm still in the beginning of the main story, but I already notice the major elements to the game. The new jumps are pretty cool, but at times they get way too OP; it kind of ruins the way of killing certain opponents, such as kraggons. The atmosphere with this game is totally different compared to Borderlands 2. It hasn't really given me that same feeling the way Borderlands 2 gave. The setting seemed pretty new and cool, but I honestly got tired of the whole ""space"" thing after a while. I honestly would only recommend this game to those that appreciate the Borderlands series and wouldn't mind these lightweight annoying drawbacks. It's a decent game, but I wouldn't recommend it at its full price."
,Recommended,261640,23713198,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lucky,Favourite game of 2014
,Recommended,261640,13427766,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Kirinketsu,YOU GET TO PLAT AS CLAPTRAP
,Recommended,261640,22832413,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,vubby,Really fills in the empty thought of who The vault hunters were and the reason why they are like this but if you haven't played borderlands 1 and 2 then you wouldn't like this as much as I did but some parts were boring so 8/10
,Recommended,261640,14297464,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Lil Alexa,"This is an amazing FPS. Its funny, wierd, and outragous. The Main Characters are Athena, Wilelm, Nisha, and best Claptrap"
,Not Recommended,261640,20761917,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Deus Aequus,This game was a large amount of horrible incompetent attempts at humor that constantly fall flat. The main story has no majour issues but the whole moon sequence (75% of the game) is tedious and badly written the missions on helios are a lot of fun the final dungeon is boring. The game somehow manages to handle jack and the new cast of vault hunters increadibly well but everything else horribly I don't get it it is ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,261640,21108733,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,thunderfuck mc pickup truck,"it had some cool ideas, like laser guns, and even the general plot of it was pretty cool, but it was executed poorly.it's not very plot-driven like borderlands 2, and you kill the main enemy halfway through the game, which takes away a lot of the driving force of the game.still fun to play as claptrap tho"
76561198037104587,Not Recommended,261640,20813226,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,legnome,Garbage 3/10
,Recommended,261640,17000950,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BluBerry,"This was a great game, not many people who see borderlands for the first time see it as a grinding game, so i understand when some people are upset that they cant proceed without fighting a boss more than one time, but i really enjoyed the game for what it was"
,Recommended,261640,16963480,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,InvaderToast #FuckAntifa,"I was told if you liked Borderlands 2 you would like The Pre-Sequel. I would agree. However, if this is your first Borderlands game, I don't believe you will like it. The guns kill people stupidly quickly, even worse than 2. The story is pretty but nowhere near as good as 2. Basically it's like Borderlands 2 except slightly worse. I have only played through it once so I may change this once I get more time on it."
76561198135452830,Recommended,261640,21984289,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,✨Hat＄un㉫👙,"This game is good. Campaign ought to be abit longer, and the head from the final boss is very poor. But, if you're a Borderlands fan, get this game, it is fun, full of side quests, and has fun classes."
76561198069529167,Recommended,261640,12759862,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,YunoBby,"Amazing Game Play, with a continuation of the borderlands original graphics style makes it feel like home!"
76561198212967205,Recommended,261640,21989588,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,MeatyMilkshake1125,This game is awesome!play as claptrap.could be better but is awesome!buterful!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198118919681,Recommended,261640,21957105,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Indig0Bird,"I liked this game a lot. It's not as balanced and it's a lot shorter than Borderlands 2 but it fixes other problems like the slow XP curve. Weapons aren't as creative as in Borderlands 2 and I wish there were new manufacturers. Lazer weapons are fun and come in different types. Characters are horribly unbalanced but all of them have their quirks and none of them are straight-up boring to play, except maybe for Willhelm, who's the most underwhelming of all of them.Fighting in low gravity is a blast, 02 is rarely an hinderance. Stomping is great and cryo is a bit overpowered, you should mix it with melee for greater effect.Overall, I'd give this game a 7/10 without Claptastic Voyage and 8/10 with it."
76561198005338352,Recommended,261640,21955809,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,BiG DaddY,"Although not as good as bl2, it's still a pretty fun game with interesting characters and skills."
,Recommended,261640,22279877,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,hickory ham mike,10/10
76561197969540908,Recommended,261640,22291943,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Aco,Same old as the previous games but fun to play with some nice additions such as space jumping.
76561198255204076,Recommended,261640,30624293,Posted: 19 March,all,Sex Cuddles (Paramore),"First of all this game is a ton of fun! I don't understand why this game received a bad rep. I've heard people say it wasn't as good as Borderlands 2. I don't think so. It's a great game just as good as Borderlands 2. And in some instances it's better. The low gravity makes for some really interesting moments. It has a lot of new story in it about characters you met in the last game. Handsome Jack's rise to power, the Vault hunters that helped him get there and so on. I won't spoil the big details but everyone should play this game at some point. It's fantastic! Also It's in space and has dope lasers and stuff. So pick it up and get your murder on!"
76561198080781220,Recommended,261640,25312112,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,thinking,"pretty good, i could see how people would be mad its not as large as BL2 but its stillworth a play through"
,Recommended,261640,29131102,Posted: 8 January,all,Charmander787,"Alright so I am just going to give my opinion of this game.The Vault Hunters+Great unique kits+Unlike any other Vault Hunter in the games+ClaptrapThe gameplay+Less gravity+OZ kit boostin+New laser weapon type+New element (Cryo)+Jump Pads+Shooting galore (Obviously)+Dialogue Interactions (If you are playing as X character, Jack or whoever will address you accordingly)+Luneshine Weapons+Weapon Grinder+More casual based EndgameThe Story Line+Before BL2 events occured+Naration by Athena+Commentary by favorites (Tiny Tina, Brick)+Understand how Jack turned evilCons of This Game- Bland bossfights- Only 1 good DLC (Claptastic Voyage)- No difficult endgame- Reskinned and Renamed BL2 legendaries- DoTs do a lot of damageSo overall I recommend this game. It is good for anyone who wants to learn the story of Jack. The bosses are bland and there isnt really an endgame but its always fun to Shoot n Loot with level 70 builds. Would give it a go if you are a fan of BL2."
,Recommended,261640,15129142,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,jeff,suh dude
,Not Recommended,261640,30812085,Posted: 29 March,all,RonnieHasThePliers,"I decided to replay Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel to play the Claptastic voyage DLC looking forward to the raid boss EOS at the end.  After 10+ tries (and 8 hours!), EOS consistently leaves the arena and doesn't ever ever ever ever return.  I've spent 30 minutes waiting for that damn boss to come back after recharging.  It never comes back.Glitchy game that I wish I never spent my hard earned money on.  BL2 is my favorite game of all time.  BL:TPS has some fun mechanics but I cannot believe I've spent so much time trying to beat this damn boss.  I have never died fighting EOS, he simply leaves the arena and never returns.  I've beaten him with other characters.  I thought rebooting and restarting would help.  Others have claimed they have seen the same issue and restarted to some success.  After over 10 times restarting and way too much time spent, I will never play this game again.I do not want a refund, I just want you to know this is horse crap.  I've wasted my vacation time playing through this game again, I wonder if I will ever play another Borderlands game agan."
76561198202300148,Recommended,261640,17780248,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MrFive,People are going to get mad at me for this but Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal is my favorite Borderlands game I like it more than Borderlands 1 and 2 now here is whyPros:Low GravityThe character you play as actually talksClaptastic DLCBoth Character DLCsCryo WeponsGood personalitiesFunnyGrinderCons:Shorter Story mode than Borderlands 2No Slag WeponsInvisible wallsPeople can still steal your loot that you get for killing bossesSome bosses don't respawnYOU SHOULD BUY THE GAME!Also don't try to mod your character because it can corrupt your save files and makes the game crash at the main menuIt took me Literally 6 months to fix this. The 2K support team couldn't help me but it's fixed now but I lost all of my character savesAlso if you want to buy one DLC don't buy the Holodome DLC its a waste of money the only thing it does is that it lets you go up to level 60 and it spawns in Flame Knuckle so you grind the boss to get  the Nukem but if you want every DLC but this one just buy season pass
,Not Recommended,261640,22165554,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Blue Puss Puss,to short :(
76561198010388055,Not Recommended,261640,12838611,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,YamahaMX103,"What a disappointment. I loved BL1 & BL2 buit in pre-sequel the game lost its funny. Claptraps awesome jokes are gone, handsome jacks hilarious quips are gone, and scooter isnt even in the game. The story was less than mediocre and seemed scattered. It wasnt a bad bridge between the two games and it did explain how the story got from BL1 to BL2 but it was a dull, uninteresting ride on the way there. The places visited were nothing memorable and it just made what could have been another fun borderlands game turned out just to be a huge disappointment that didnt even deserve a second playthrough."
,Recommended,261640,25441401,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Fenix#6913,almost all of borderlands 2 element in this game=.=feels like i buying a DLC here
,Recommended,261640,25442586,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Juggzzyy | Road to MG,"I gotta say, I'm starting to love ClapTrap <3"
76561198137646235,Recommended,261640,16404887,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,diablo.blasse,"The perfect FPS for RPG gamers.I am a RPG player at heart. Most of my games fall under this genre or strategy. I am not a big fan of most FPS games. Borderlands however, is an RPG at its heart but uses FPS mechanics. A perfect marriage IMO."
76561198033425461,Recommended,261640,33022790,Posted: 29 June,all,LWoodzy,banger
,Recommended,261640,32865492,Posted: 27 June,all,坚果模因,"amazing game, wanted to play this for a long time, bought it in the summersale and it was worth every penny"
,Recommended,261640,32877796,Posted: 27 June,all,theZ,♥
,Recommended,261640,32994520,Posted: 29 June,all,Aethel,Not as fun as the first two. But still fun.
,Recommended,261640,32988826,Posted: 29 June,all,tekszi | タクシー |,Good
,Recommended,261640,32991007,Posted: 29 June,all,Happy Lemon,BUY IT! BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,261640,33261702,Posted: 4 July,all,stupid_angry_russian,I like it.
76561198068863747,Not Recommended,261640,33272256,Posted: 5 July,all,The Stalker,"Found an office of Claptraps that accurately represent how this game was made. In fact I think the game was made by Claptraps.Full of bugs and poor design choices. There's some cool stuff in there but it really isn't worth it.Should I end up having a lot of hours played, know that it's probably because I hate myself.If you want a number rating: 3/10."
,Recommended,261640,28320380,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Scoobert,If this game is on sale and you are bored or your friends are bored go ahead and give it a try
,Recommended,261640,25392124,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Blank,"It's no Borderlands 1 or 2 but it's still pretty good. Everything is more or less the same as in Borderlands 2 with the exceptions like the O2 mechanic, lack of new customzation options, etc.. but manages to be less fun somehow (read other reviews for detailed specifics). The story is fairly good but that's mostly due to Jack spiraling into insanity throughout the course of the game which was done well (kudos to the Jack's voice actor) and provided entertaining commentary and conversations throughout the journey.I do recommend this game but only if you absolutely love the franchise and are willing to play an inferior spin off to extend your Borderlands journey that much more.I do not recommend this for people looking to experience the original excitement of Borderlands 1 or the renewed and highly successful sequel that was Borderlands 2. This will not completely disappoint you but it will bum you out and leave you feeling like this could have been a post launch add-on for $30.00."
76561197976945057,Not Recommended,261640,14906792,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Malice Lonewolf,"Same borderlands new title, got bored and haven't touched it since.Final boss is impossible to kill, ♥♥♥♥ these stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developers. I hope they all get cancer and aids."
76561198043727458,Recommended,261640,16697483,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Oyteara,11/10 havelsmaxi shield using shield user with shields that shield you while shielding-1 havels for 0% dragontooth+1 havels for shields -IGN
,Recommended,261640,17574245,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,r3mus,Pros-the characters are very cool voice acted and made-new laser weapons-good level design-tells the story of what happend befor BL2-new awesome bossesCons-graphics are unchanged-performance stability issues in some places-LOTS of recycled things-missions are kinda ... blanki spend 22 euros on this game and its season pass it is a good game as well as  a very underrated one ( just because people like Borderlands 2 more and think this should be a dlc not a standalone game )but at the end i would give 60 euros out for this!
76561198254058143,Recommended,261640,21610680,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gh0st_M134,"I would always recommand an Borderlands game ! Go on, kill everyone and the most important thing......GET SOME BADASS LOOTS =D enjoy with friends too !"
,Recommended,261640,23235581,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sth.dev,"Not as great as previous installments, has some good moments, but the game feels like it's an overextended huge DLC with a few small glitches/bugs. Still worth playing, just not worth the overall price."
76561198145208704,Recommended,261640,16440947,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,stagnaman,look it may not be borderlands 2 but it will fill the hole that borderlands 2 left in our hearts
,Recommended,261640,19434263,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Orito,shid game not enough clap trap
,Recommended,261640,16435815,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Supp,NO RAGRETS
76561198154671876,Recommended,261640,16445831,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rocket,"BL2 was more entertaining; that doesn't mean PS has nothing to offer. The use of Oz is different from anything I've seen before and makes for relatively innovative combat. The imported Sanctuary is nice. Otherwise, the characters are a little less loveable, the environments are a little more monotonous, and the quests are a little less interesting. Good game if you stop comparing it to BL2 and appreciate it for what it is."
76561198159209778,Recommended,261640,16442723,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Clerericus,"You got to ride jump pads?I never got to ride a jump pad.I also witnessed the deaths of many innocent people.But... jump pads, though.Epic"
76561198154984552,Not Recommended,261640,19987814,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eidos,"For 21€ with all DLC, this game is okish, for 40-70€, this game is a scamWhile the game is not the worst thing ever made, it lacks the love and dedication the previous tittle showed, and these details include :-An improved but not polished IA for combats, making some enemies walking through textures.-A weak and bland dialogue and not-so-great main NPCs, wich sometimes breaks the personality of characters making you wonder if the people who did this even bothered playing one playthrough the previous tittles.-An horrible work with the talking system with most NPCs since our character now is quite chatty but in most cases the NPCs doesn't answer you, if you talk them before you should, if you talk to a random citizen of the main city or if you just want to hear bandits say witty and funny comments, since interesting threats until reciting Hamlet.-The translation voice work, while soft-good in BL1 and great in all the languages (at least spanish, english, german, italian) in BL2, in this tittle is even annoying or just a bad joke to the consumer, depending on where you look at. The spanish voice of Wilhem and the name of Jack as a character are examples of this. Edit: Oh my godness, what the hell is going on with the english (English?) original version? Is this game oriented to deaf people to make them a favour? I don't even know at this point if the translation work is bad since I'm not sure how the hell you would make that frigging dialogue worth something.-An horrible try to make the LGTB collective something... what? Funny? tolerable? Normal? I don't even know. The ridicoulous high number of homosexuals, transexuals etc in this game looks like a joke, like an insult even to said collective since you have ""one of each"" as token minorities because they mix it with kind-of-jokes (kind of because they aren't funny) of vegans, animal-rights lovers, and put all them in some bunch of unbearable people all together, like if every homosexual human in the universe except Hammerlock would have to be a total pain to hear and lack any personality feature other than his sexual prefference. The ""bad boys"" of the game want to blow up the moon and if I could I would help them god damn it! I don't even understand who though this was a good idea, or how it can be so badly executed. Hammerlock mentiong his exboyfriend was simply great (you can notice nobody gives a ♥♥♥♥, and why someone would? We are in a planet with murder, genocide, evil corporations fighting each other and killing innocent people, monsters, and like in the real world, if someone enjoy laying with another person of his/her same sex with consent, is not a big deal!) but this is simply awful.You could picture me dressed as a bullfighter while I dislike that tradition heavily and still would be a better representation than what this game does with non-heterosexual people.-A strange political correctness (POLICAL CORRECTNESS IN BORDERLANDS, WHERE YOU SHOOT PSYCHOS IN THE HEAD CORROSIVE ACID WEAPONS) which, in some exact situations can be kinda funny, like being fined for saying bad words (like in Demolition Man), or reffering to Psycho midgets as ""tiny people"" while you are still allowed to kill them: this is a proper satyre of some political correctness matters, but hearing Jack using insults of a 2 years old while being shot... is just stupid and show some country (Australia) applied a law about ""no bad words"" and that destroy the spirit of a franchise with murder, pscychos and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of guns.I'm enjoying the game, moreless, because I could have been easily diagnosed with serious addiction to Borderlands, butthis game is just lazy,and I didn't even mentioned the previous technical problems before my purchase.The combat and money-guns management are better than the ones in BL2 for the ""vertical"" add of flying with the oxygen kits and money being something useful, not like in Borderlands 2 most of the time. But this doesn't explain the price. I bought the game and all the DLC for 21€ and I think that price is fair, even maybe too much.Purchase only if you're a borderlands maniac."
,Recommended,261640,12859414,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,jukes.,"This game is definitely fun. I've enjoyed playing as Athena and I definitely think I will play through as Claptrap next. The news of being able to play as Jack definitely entices me for a third play through when the DLC rolls around. Low gravity is an interesting yet fun addition as well as cyrogenic weapons, and new laser guns. A lot of fun and the story line is pretty funny too with quirky characters like Sterwin (named after Steve Irwin.)  I recommend this game as it is definitely a great addition to the Borderlands family and is well worth the play!"
76561198006377943,Recommended,261640,32062904,Posted: 30 May,all,Ancara,Loved everything else except the horrible australian accents *ugh*
,Recommended,261640,12836329,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sabriinnnaaaa,best game evarrrrr
76561198114958973,Recommended,261640,12798158,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GoOFy NiGgA TyRonE,"It's SO much better than I thought it would be. Its a solid game and in my opinion it's worth the money. It has a pretty good story and good gameplay. It's alot like bl2. It has alot of guns but most of them are the same from bl2, but there are still new ones. Over all 9/11."
76561197963552918,Recommended,261640,27856852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pest,Awesome Game!!! If your a True Die Hard BORDERLANDS FAN!!!
76561198014988670,Recommended,261640,27871127,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DancingDaejiBulgogi,Amazing
76561198093970895,Recommended,261640,27858228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Joe,very good!
,Not Recommended,261640,20326631,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lunar Kommandant,"should have just been a borderlands 2 dlc for how long it is with almost nothing new cept the lasers and all the new characters as bl2 dlc also since they didnt revolutionize anything and feels very empty, i feel sorry for the people who bought it at launch for 60$ this game and all the dlc feels about 15$"
76561198023506237,Recommended,261640,14496602,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jørgen,"It's an awesome game. WubWubWub. Buy it, play it, be awesome."
,Recommended,261640,22982795,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,👌  O  K  A  Y  👌,iz good
,Recommended,261640,13651609,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Barry B. Benson,this game is balla
,Recommended,261640,12991294,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Schrodinger's Paradox,"New Story that interwines the last two games , as well as an obvious statement to how confident they are about success. and more guns. What else could be better ?"
,Recommended,261640,14762020,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,LuGee,Osom Game. I mean gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8 :3
,Recommended,261640,26497078,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Bob Boberson,"Second best of them, lots of shooting and looting. Claptrap is playable, jump pads, lasers, better character development, Jack isn't that dickish. 10/10"
76561198051294033,Recommended,261640,13992825,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,gmangerame,If you have liked Borderlands/Borderlands 2 you will enjoy this game as well. Same game style and crazy humor. Not much has changed and I like that.
76561198017057760,Recommended,261640,30588788,Posted: 18 March,all,hotdogg89,Its not a bad game........
,Not Recommended,261640,22360514,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,joho6,Troll developers.
,Not Recommended,261640,31775395,Posted: 15 May,all,BloodZebra,"Something about this just was such a non-starter for me. I loved the idea that i could play as claptrap. but i feel like maybe the level design was crappy? It just didn't have the same addiction level as BL2, maybe it's the whole space/low gravity feel."
,Recommended,261640,23150103,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,El Hombre Mayonesa,could be better. hate aussie stuff
76561197996815935,Not Recommended,261640,14475021,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Shackleford,It's like borderlands 2 but with jetpacks.
,Recommended,261640,16523652,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bev,"Great game, had a few minor graphic problems, but might have just been my computer, game is optimized very well, not perfect, but good, would give it 9/10 for sure, isn't as a big as Borderlands 2, but good story line a fun new characters"
76561198003481674,Not Recommended,261640,13456314,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Gojosin,"Well, aside from the infection of having to be politically correct in gaming now (have to have socially diverse characters, the villain has to be 'misunderstood' or 'doing this for their own belief of good') it's pretty much a bit 'more of the same' when it comes to Borderlands.  Laser weapons are interesting, and the addition of the O2 system for everyone makes you have to keep a watch on your air (unless your Claptrap), though it's not too hard.  Have only played Athena and Claptrap so far, both are good.  Athena's Action Skill makes the game a lot more bearable (since it makes you immune to damage from the front) since apparently they decided that they had to have the game be 'challenging' and by that I mean 'we need to make the player go into fight or die mode more often' since you seem to be made out of something slightly tougher than wet tissue paper.  Maybe that'll get better with levels.  Claptrap's interactions are perhaps the best part of the game, and just trying to handle his... unique action skill, which can range from a ducky pool ring that makes you bounce around to mini-traps that act as turrets or other things.Overall, if you want more Borderlands action and not just replaying 1 or 2, get this on sale."
,Recommended,261640,13778615,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rambo Medic,There's always gonna be another mountainI'm always gonna wanna make it moveAlways gonna be an uphill battleSometimes I'm gonna have to loseAin't about how fast I get thereAin't about what's waitin' on the other sideIt's the climb-Miley Cyrus
,Recommended,261640,13780056,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BATDAN,Play it . . . because Borderlands.
,Recommended,261640,13716476,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gentone,"Long, relaxing and exciting. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,261640,14300042,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ogFrenchie,Great game with alot of fun to be had!
,Recommended,261640,14136338,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,MattCo,"The latest Borerlands game is everything you'd expect it to be. Fast-paced and action-oriented, with more millions of weapons for your personal enjoyment. The story itself is told after the events of Borderlands 2, but actually happens in the events between Borderlands and Borderlands 2. The story itself is rather compelling, redeeming itself from the Borderlands 2 story. At long last, you can take control of the mighty CL4P-TP unit from Borderlands, which has been redesigned into the FR4G-TP and given new software to become a vault hunter. The aliens from the original game make their return en masse, looking to stop you and your rag-tag group from ever reaching the Vault on the moon of Pandora.Pros:Low-grav environments allow for interesting fighting mechanics.Follow Handsome Jack and his story leading up to the events of Borderlands 2.A metric f***-ton of weapons.New accessory type gives you more options to suit your play style.Play as Handsome Jack*Great story!Additional playthroughs with increased difficulty for the hardcore!Cons:Censors stop the characters from using the curse words we are so familiar with from the first two games.Story seems more tame than the previous two, which were more aggressive and fun. Compelling, but less violentA Metric F***-Ton of Guns and Accessories. This can be confusing at times, leaving you to struggle getting rid of that one gun.Oxygen mechanics leaves most characters struggling for air a lot of the time during prolonged combat. (Does not apply to FR4G-TP)."
76561198126520011,Recommended,261640,12890570,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheMobLord,hi
76561198025499307,Recommended,261640,13362179,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Zugagang,Pew-pew-pew!!!
76561198050915488,Recommended,261640,13767352,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mant15,I really have no clue why everyone hates this game. It's good fun just wait for it to go on sale.
,Not Recommended,261640,13340155,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,AmericanAnthony,did you like borderlands 2? then you wont like this one...
,Recommended,261640,13752056,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,floydrose,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is worth your game-time and your money (relatively speaking of course - the point being it is worth just as much if not more than any other mainstream FPS)Please don't let the, ""it's practically no different than Borderlands 2"" prevent you from trying this game. The programmers deserve so much more justice than that, and it's a shame that people tend to religiously search for anything at all worth criticizing.1.) How is the Pre-Sequel any different?a.) Low gravity environments add an entire new gameplay mechanic. I've never played a game with such a high level of physical freedom, if that can be said. The ""feel"" of the game is much more lenient and interesting. It also entices the gamers that enjoy adventure. There's an abundance of map to explore. To say the least, if you're at least generally aware of software programming, you'll understand that all of this wasn't as simple as copying and pasting a few lines of code - it changes the entire nature of the typical Borderlands game world.b.) Laser weapons and glacial elemental effects are minor in comparison to some of the other features, but is certainly an enjoyable addition. I suppose this is pretty subjective, but it's new and brings something to the table.c.) The grinder is a machine players can use to exchange three items of the same kind and rarity (with some exceptions) for a chance to earn an item of higher rarity. Farming tons of weapons and other items becomes less menial when the unwanted items can potentially give you a legendary. Also, it's not completely random. The grinder has recipes so that you can learn to put more intention behind your gambles.d.) The writers took a different approach to the storyline, and the ""mood"" of the game in general. Although it depends on the person, the story, in my opinion, is more compelling than those previous. I'll just explain it like this: I wasn't emotionally affected by Borderlands 2, aside from amusement. The characters and the events in the pre-sequel were actually capable of affecting me in more serious ways. Again, the experience can vary greatly depending on the gamer. If you also value the quality of your games' storylines, I think, at the very least, you'll enjoy this more than Borderlands 2. The humor is still there, of course. I've laughed out loud plenty of times, and it's not nearly as over the top as the later stages of Borderlands 2 (they toned down Tina and Torgue by such a perfect amount). Whether you prefer your humor crude or witty, it can appeal to almost anybody.e.) Last but not least, there are five brand new classes to play.This isn't just a glorified expansion... It required plenty of time, effort, skill, and creativity from the developers to program this game for us. I suspect I don't have to make the point that there is no such thing as a perfect game. There will always be room for improvement. Okay - Is $60 too much money for a video game? Most would probably say it is. But $60 is the standard price in the contemporary gaming market, and it isn't at all sensible to demonize Gearbox for selling their game for a competitive price just like every single other software company would. It took me buying Far Cry 4 and Assassin's Creed: Unity from Ubisoft in order to appreciate that this is at least a thoughtfully-written and playable game right from the get go. It isn't a broken, bug-infested release like so many of modern games are these days. If you made it this far, thank you for taking the time to read my review, and I hope you enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,261640,19898329,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tader-Tot,"Ugh.This game.Remember how tight BL2's mechanics were?Okay, imagine making everything feel like you're constantly in molasses while the enemies move around normally.Do you like having to watch one stat on the HUD constantly to make sure you won't start (extremely) slowly losing health?Do you like having a class which is so unpredictable it can't actually be used in serious combat?Do you like ♥♥♥♥ing with the canon?Oh, and remember how great the two extra classes were in BL2?  Yeah, they made them♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.Oh, and I hope you like hearing Australians yell at you constantly.2K has really bad ideas sometimes.  Especially in Australia."
,Recommended,261640,19841003,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Will,"If you liked borderlands 2, it is another borderlands game so buy it but if you haven't played borderlands before I would recommend Borderlands 2 GOTY"
,Recommended,261640,18144343,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mochie,"I personally love this game. I will admit that is osn't as good as its predecessor, Borderlands 2, however this game is still fun and hilarious creating all sorts of new adventures to be had.The gravity mechanic is fun and easy to pick up and the characters are all bubbling with personality.The Claptrap DLC is definitely my favorite out of all 3 Borderlands games and is a must have for buying The Pre-Sequel.Just get this game. It's fun, it's funny, and it's bad♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198027228085,Not Recommended,261640,15455346,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Rookie904,
,Recommended,261640,16635635,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,RexVex™,Uploading review to your ECHO device.10/10 would ECHO again
76561198054629439,Recommended,261640,28501755,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gutsii,"Good game, not worth $40. Get it at a low price."
,Recommended,261640,30258995,Posted: 1 March,all,Mak0s_,"Is very gut game, yes. 99.99/100"
76561198208664304,Recommended,261640,28929959,Posted: 1 January,all,violethonedge,"If you enjoy guns and humor, get this game. You can play as a stupid robot 11/10"
,Recommended,261640,16246257,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dr Magnum Dong,Everyone on the moon is an Australian. 10/10 would maybe play again
,Not Recommended,261640,20284418,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,My Pet Russian,"It told me to turn in the quest so I ran and I ran and I ran but to no avail. The quest remained, but the heart will go on. I crammed my controller far up my♥♥♥♥♥ and now the only thing I see is Pickle's face in my♥♥♥♥♥♥ I really wish that I had not done this. Maybe tomorrow I will try again, but is tomorrow even real. Call me Narcissa or I am not borderland."
,Recommended,261640,23544935,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,superduperstorms,is gud
76561198074721720,Recommended,261640,21588634,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,King Coon the real Goon,Nic approves. Is top kek. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,261640,28924473,Posted: 1 January,all,Eckxile,Borderlands... Nuff said.
76561198209662284,Recommended,261640,28924510,Posted: 1 January,all,Spooky,fun and awseome
76561198126489512,Recommended,261640,13095373,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Zombiboy,tis awesome
76561198050609978,Not Recommended,261640,16860880,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,petehannon,"I bought this on sale so I don't need to complain about the new game price for something that is obviously just new maps and some skins for Borderlands 2.  I had thought that since I really liked Borderlands 2, then at a DLC price I'm going to be really happy.  But no.Playable chars: two women, a bot and one man.  If you are like me and you  identify with the character and role,  this is a disappointing list.  I was Mordecai in B1, Zer0 in B2, and Wilhelm? in BTPS.  The one with the most skils similar to Zer0 is Athena, but I just can't get into that role.The game play and quests are similar to B2, and I think that is a good thing.  But the story line is thin compared to B2.  While  B2 was hilarious, the humor is just non-existing in this version.  It really does feel like a minimal effort to make a quick buck.  It's like GhostBusters 2.  Bandit's in space suits, seriously.I wouldn't say it has no entertainment value, but I can only vote thumbs up or down.  Had to pick down."
76561198031048788,Not Recommended,261640,14062940,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,UpsetCoyote,"Dang they really messed up this game, considering this is basically a standalone dlc to one of my favorite games of all time. Where to begin, well how Borderlands 2 (from here on out BL2) was such a well balanced, fast paced game, TPS (The Pre-Sequel) finds you running in empty fields for long streches, and the enemies you do encountered are either way too weak or blow you away. Then there is the story, how do you take one of the greatest villians and center a game around him, and make the story suck? Well the story just sucks, its not funny, its not witty, its boring, and does nothing to advance the plot except say hey BL3 is gonna be pretty cool. If you want more BL story try Tales from the Borderlands. But what about the multiplayer you might ask, ha, constant disconects, at most 4 games in match browser (and mind you I say at most), even trying to play with friends that you had no issues playing with in BL2 get frequent lag spikes and disconects. Basically, go play BL2 again, skip this game, atleast till they fix it.TL:DR Go play Borderlands 2 instead."
,Recommended,261640,13517920,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Goldrush8,"Great game with plenty of tie-ins from number two. Slightly disapointed with how short the game felt esspecially compared to both previous games. also felt as though they either ran out of ideas or didnt want to continue making areas as questing had me running in circles.This is game is plenty of fun and had me laughing like crazy plenty of times, i would deffinitely recommend this title though i would suggest trying to get it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,261640,23974387,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,deanxvii,"On sale, I'd recommend this game. Other than that, to me this game doesn't have the right feel that Borderlands 2 gives. Just doesn't feel complete. I havent touched the game in a while, when the game released I got to level 50 within 1-2 days. After that, I just never really got the urge to play.I recommend this game because it's fun first playing it. I'd only buy when it's on sale.If there was a ""meh"" button, i'd pick that instead"
,Recommended,261640,14799963,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,mynamejeff,BEST ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME EVER
76561198063341493,Recommended,261640,14818218,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,proselene,Rules.
,Recommended,261640,14789860,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,NickRoar,"Brilliant Game, Just because you don't get the Austrlian humor doesn't mean it's not a good game."
,Recommended,261640,14801117,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Cλke [ßЯς],SO AMAZING! MUCH LAZERS! AND EXPLOSIONS! AND LOW GRAVITY! ICELY DONE!
76561198127583011,Recommended,261640,14807754,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ambiguous Treefish,awesome game but enough fricking colours to give you a fricking sezire. Totally love the game though :)
,Recommended,261640,14787510,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,PsychoDragon,10/10
76561198019394572,Not Recommended,261640,16972805,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,King of the Casuals,"I loved this game, up until the Elesser level, at which point I uninstalled this, and went to play a FUN game, csgo. Enough said."
,Not Recommended,261640,16988955,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Papi Oscar LFT,this game sucks
76561198202239666,Recommended,261640,21954422,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,iSnipeChickens,There is an Oz kit that does acidic elemental damage (green mist) and makes a farting noise whenever you butt slam.11/10 would defecate on enemies again
76561198096866598,Recommended,261640,24519248,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,The PoopShoot Finger Blaster,At first it doesn't feel like a borderlands 1 or 2 but later on it starts to and becomes alot of fun
76561198080774358,Recommended,261640,20545475,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sunobu,"Has Tiny Tina, so I would recommend to anyone that likes the borderlands series"
76561198205413029,Recommended,261640,20912826,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,BaronBunny,Game is fun but will get you bored after severel hours of just playing they make you go to one side the map for a mission then make u go to the other side just to get to a fast travel. If you never played a borderlands game you will instantly quit
,Not Recommended,261640,20980498,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Stunter227,"Awful game. waste of time and money, just an unfun game that is 15 dollars of wasted money"
76561198226946068,Recommended,261640,20872632,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Bass Wizard,"At this time, I have only played 7 hours of the pre-sequel and i'm enjoying most of it so far, it's truly fun to jump on a moon a shoot moon people and the weird and wonderful creatures that reside there, however... for those who have played 1, 2 or both you will know that shooting and looting is all that there is, essentially; it does have a story of course but it relies on the shoot an loot gameplay. it's fun most of the time but it does get boring after a while.Gearbox software fixes this by adding humor to the mix, I don't know about 1 since i haven't played it, as for 2 however, it was so funny and I laughed through out the game, but from what i've seen so far in the pre-sequel is that the humor is a bit dull and gearbox could have done better. Another point: because of the less gravity physics, the game is a bit more platform based, and that has annoyed me slightly (i was never good at platformers).There are a few interesting chracters that i have come across and i'm sure i will find more.I have high hopes for the rest of the game and i'm looking forward to playing it some more, but i would recommend getting this game,with the season pass, in a sale, as i did. Sorry for the long review but i hope it helped!"
76561198116249715,Recommended,261640,21004145,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,HEX:DRAGON:,Another awesome game from gearbox and 2k gaming. a lot more guns more stuff to do and more more easter eggs and much more kick♥♥♥♥♥action
76561198125360988,Recommended,261640,20799136,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SeaFox,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is an amazing game. Almost 10/10, but it's more like9/10.PROS:First of all, the lesser gravity and oxygen mechanics are amazing additions to the game.Second of all, it is quite fun and humorous to play the game, and there are unique voice lines if you choose to play as other characters, so replayability is certainly a plus!Third, while many complain that 2K Australia made this game, not 2K Games, I have no problems with that. I was told, before playing this game, that almost all the voice actors are Australian. They may all be Australian, but there are probably 5 characters in the WHOLE game that have an Australian ACCENT, and it's quite subtle, so don't worry.Another improvement from Borderlands 2 is the color scheme! I love that there is a larger emphasis on blues and purples, which may not seem significant, but after playing in the bleak, yellow-orange deserts of Pandora, it's nice to see more blue than just the sky.Lazer guns are in this game! There are a variety of those, and they are quite fun to use (but... they are really just another kind of gun... not super special).You get to play with (or as, with the DLC) JACK!He isn't handsome yet.CONS:This game is much shorter than Borderlands 2 (I have not played the first Borderlands). There are fewer side quests and a much shorter campaign. This, I found, was the most disappointing part of the game. I am by no means a very skilled gamer, so in both Borderlands 2 and The Pre-Sequel, I died a lot. But in Borderlands 2, I probably finished the campaign in a good 75+ hours. This game, I finished it in about 28 hours. The difference is immense, and while I did do some side quests in both games, they don't add much time to the game.There are also a huge lack of DLC expansion packs and unlockables. While this is a new game, and Borderlands 2 is quite old, it is seriously lacking DLCs. While they aren't cheap, DLCs is one of the things I loved about Borderlands 2 because, during a sale, you could pick up a bunch of them and really expand the gameplay or skins.Skins. They are good, but not great. This is another thing I've found to be not as great as Borderlands 2. There are WAY fewer skins that I actually like, and no extra DLC skins.OVERALL:It's a great game, just don't be prepared to play such a long game. Ignoring the length, I would rate this game ABOVE Borderlands 2, but because it is so much shorter, and there are so few DLCs, it was a bit disappointing."
76561198006219053,Recommended,261640,25258077,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pismoclam,Something is wrong with my game. I have been standing in ninas decontamination chamber for several hours now and she has told me to get out yet.
,Recommended,261640,25487681,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,vTb_BruIsGreat,Good game
76561198003810909,Not Recommended,261640,21264035,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,flat.jay,"By far the worst game of the series. Inferior to Borderlands 2 in basically every aspect, except cryo, which is quite cool. But the rest just sucks. Starting with annoying platformer areas with low gravity jumping all the time, over an utter useless o2 mechanic and finally ending in the fact that almost every character in the game speaks with an australian accent (ye this game was developed by an australian team, better make sure nobody will ever be able to forget!)So all in all, I do not recommend this game in any way and I regret buying it.PS: ♥♥♥♥ Pickle"
76561198171452417,Not Recommended,261640,25770526,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,thug,dont buy this game its really terrible play borderlands 2 instead
,Recommended,261640,23624149,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SwiggityPenguin,"Amazing game, was a good story showing how Jack became an♥♥♥♥♥ The missons, 0 gravity, guns and characters were very good. Just wish the game was longer as I finished the game when i was level 27 which is way too low."
76561198142827252,Recommended,261640,26108013,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,z1 schultz,Best game of the borderlands franchise definitly amazing
,Not Recommended,261640,22261648,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Your Babysitter,"This review is the most negative review ever, back to undertale porn"
,Recommended,261640,25603228,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Thagnull,"actually fun game10/10 would always jump everystepSame as Borderlands 2 , but more cooler and it has a laserso9/10 (Y)"
76561198003019082,Recommended,261640,28767974,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nadsozinc,"It's a Borderlands game like the other Borderlands games. The oxygen dynamic adds some nice spice to things. Level design is pretty solid and there's some variations to quests. The level of hand-holding to lead to you to quest objectives isn't quite as high as usual, which is good."
,Not Recommended,261640,25878805,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,CyanStrawberry,"You know, I really liked Borderlands 1 and 2, I really did. And as such, it pains me to say that Borderlands the Pre-Sequel is not only the worst game in the franchise, it's an affront to its predecessors.The writing is god awful. There's clear virtue signaling in several instances. The humor is disgustingly sub par, never really eliciting any laughs from me. The lore added in this game is confusing and unsatisfying. The list goes on.Gameplay is mostly unaltered from Borderlands 2. The only new things brought to the table are laser weapons, which sounds cool in concept but is not that interesting in practice. Classes here are boring and none of them have are particularly compelling.Quests, as others note, are devoid of any soul and generally speaking very chore-like. Go here, get these things/kill these things, come back for your reward. The areas you visit don't have much in the way of cool landmarks or geographical features.Technically speaking the game is a mess. I had audio inexplicably cutting out at random times, a whole computer crash once, and a host of bugs revolving around collision detection.I have a laundry list of other complaints, but you get the point. The game is a veritable mess and is a sore disappointment to me."
,Recommended,261640,28302090,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TheReportOfTheWeek,"u shoot guy take guy gun, kill worse guy take btr wepon. kill bos win game!!!!"
76561198069794474,Recommended,261640,24567350,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ZenthHaven,"Amazingly Great game!. Ive played and loved all of the Borderlands Series an ya the Pre-Sequel could have been better, but cant all games? The Pre-Sequel puts you in the shoes of some very unlikely heros who you may, or may not have fallen in love with through out the previous establishments, in their quest to Lv up and save THE MOON! People complain that the story line is lame and has no drive to it due to how the charictors came about being Hired yes the previous charictors just decided to go vault hunting? Same premisis to me, get the job done. Away from story we have some awesome guns IMO along with a new loor reroller. Basicallt Keep your decent guns you have been hording, combine them and get a new best friend! An awesome new way to get your favorit loot and it works with all slots bit Relic as far as i know. Its up to you but if you love BL you WILL enjoy TPS :D"
,Recommended,261640,24593125,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lyserberg,The most fun I had in a FPS game for a while. Just make sure you do some side quests as your level will be outrunned by the time you meet Zarpedon.
76561198134914598,Recommended,261640,13033063,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AssassinGT127,This game suprised me a lot even tho there  only a few places to fast travle to there all huge and this game makes a grate permadeath
76561198086112949,Recommended,261640,31619806,Posted: 7 May,all,BioShrog,"I am obsessed with the Borderlands Series. Order of prefrence: Borderlands, Borderlands the Presequel,  Borderlands 2."
76561198069553122,Recommended,261640,27884637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LaGgY,Just Baaaaadaaaasss
76561198044815011,Recommended,261640,13339417,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,HeadWound,"If you are a Borderlands fan you'll expect the querky sense of humour, combined with the Aussie attitude that everything is fair game.Presale hype was that TPS would be between BL1 and BL2 in size so I was surprised that the size of the game is about 10hrs shorter than BL1 to complete TVHM and 40+ hrs shorter than BL2 on average. (gase bame all quests)Fun to play, a bit of googling will enlighten you in Aussie lore, social interaction as well as introducing boganesque culture to our community and after all it's 'Still Borderlands'.9/10"
76561198092641731,Recommended,261640,27885183,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mini Mally,"Awesome game. The story doesn't live up to Borderlands 2, but low gravity combat. Playing the other Borderlands games without being able to use jump pads and butt slams is boring now."
,Recommended,261640,16837151,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ST1TCH,"This game is too much like Borderlands 2. From Graphics, Gameplay, AI. Its pretty much a re-skin. Though, I do recommend this to the people who are just starting out with the Borderlands Franchise, then get Borderlands 1, then 2!~Real Review~Game is actually pretty good, not good enough to keep me going. I have poured around 120 hours into Borderlands 2, and Borderlands The Pre Sequel, is no exception. Its exactly like BL2! (Borderlands 2). But that is the main problem; Its soo similar too Borderlands 2. So, too people who have played countless hours of Borderlands 2, you'll be quite bored to play this.Overall, the game holds up. Though it needs improvements.Score: 6.9/10Performace Overview: Its got the exact same performance as BL2, so if you've played that then your fine here.But it should run well on Intel HD 4000, on and so forth. (Thats what most ""Non Gaming PC users use."")And for Nvidia, you could use any GPU from the GTS/GTX 8500 and UP! w/ okay performance on the older cards.Same with AMD, anything other the Radeon 5000x series is good!"
76561198072115620,Recommended,261640,27876299,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,le nug,the ending to the claptastic voyage. all lot of things made sence after that and it`s a good set-up for another game that may or may not happen
,Recommended,261640,33199232,Posted: 3 July,all,Roden,i love this game
,Recommended,261640,15032770,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Super rekt ultra dfeet,this is a awsome game and a new dlc is comeing out this we
76561198139948182,Recommended,261640,33530310,Posted: 14 July,all,ChaBoyy Skinny Penis,"ah great game, MY FRIENDS 10/10 would play again!! i am not a paid person to write amazing reviews!!"
76561198062720128,Recommended,261640,16400346,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[_] Stalin,Why so many haters?
,Recommended,261640,12893135,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,WOAH,"They need to make a SPACE SH- ...Mr.Torgue thats excited about lasers. a Mr.Scav or something. that would be cool, this game is cool.Everythings cool.... SPACESHIP! SPACESHIP!!!!"
,Recommended,261640,27716697,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Razzy,its f**kin Borderlands maaan!
,Not Recommended,261640,16592502,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,iamYourKing hellcase.com,its not what i think it will be !!i was played borderlands 2 !! that was soo good game but this is so bad !!i think that because the grafic of the games is like in borderlands 2 !! jsut the story was changed and nothing more !!i think this game will be good to buy at 10-15 usd not more !! 60 its not cost and 20 too !! so if you want to buy in the max cheap price buy it for 10-15 usd not more !!
,Recommended,261640,16590448,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,primo_vista,PReetty GOood
,Recommended,261640,23755964,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SYST3M,"Excellent game. Good story and voice acting, interesting combat and mechanics. Solid."
,Recommended,261640,21644960,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,purplekoala,good meme buddy
,Recommended,261640,25088278,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Tom,Good.
,Recommended,261640,27460731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Capt.๖ۣۜReaper,i love this game
76561198019418009,Recommended,261640,32941233,Posted: 28 June,all,Uboa,"too few content for a 40 usd game , but 20 usd worth it . And cryo much more better than slag ."
76561198065054598,Recommended,261640,19891073,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,davesothoth,good game but sometimes frustrating
,Recommended,261640,24420271,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,One_Fly_Gti_Guy,"So after spending many sleepless months on Borderland and Borderlands 2 this game had so much hype built up for me that i was counting down the days until it released. I have played all 3 Borderlands on the Xbox and pc several times each. I wanted to love this one and I do to a point but where the first two Borderland's had shined this one felt a slight bit strained.  I felt a sligth bit synthetic and disconnected from the original grit that was present in the first one and to some degree the second. This game was going to be for me the crownin achievement of game playing, adventure and all out mayhem however someone screwed up the formula. This is not to say that it should not be played though, quite the contrary.  If this is the only Borderlands you buy you will be missing out. As a fan we can only hope that this will be corrected some day with a real 3rd installment. Either way buy all 3 and have countless hours of fun."
76561198119611734,Recommended,261640,24402319,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Conrad273,It's like a shorter BL2 with laser guns.
76561198346467175,Recommended,261640,30517359,Posted: 14 March,all,keelingyou,"Played borderlands 2 and loved every minute of it, this game does have some bad qualities such as the ""need to find oxygen"" and the characters (and their skill trees0 don't seem as great as the ones from borderlands 2. However if you like borderlands you will most likely still like this game, lots of action, tons of weapons, and new effect damage such as ice and laser rifles. I would recommend borderlands and borderlands 2 more than this game, but it is still fun for me becuase I like the whole franchise."
76561198047552481,Recommended,261640,24403578,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Down Heavy,"Shorter and not as funny as Borderlands 2, but still worth it if you really liked the previous games or its on sale."
76561198032371549,Recommended,261640,13514267,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Frosteee,"better charters loot, guns, and gameplay then the last 2 which were also great."
,Recommended,261640,20383927,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dwarf Viking,Not as good as the past borderlands but still worth playing
76561198071500692,Recommended,261640,20371575,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,plyxo,"I'm not saying it is the best game of the series, but it definetly is my favorite!"
,Recommended,261640,20377105,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,fjall,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game.I don't know why everybody is complaining. Ok, it's not a ""Borderlands 3"" but we knew that when we bought it. If you never played a borderlands game a recommend that you buy Borderlands 2 before this one, as package it have more to give but if you know that you're gonna get a very similar game with a few new mechanics and a new story you are not going to be disappointed. Some things in this game is a welcome change, it runs smother, fully voiced player characters. Did I mention more freakin guns?"
76561198077907351,Recommended,261640,24067253,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zacharytaylorschmidt,It's truly great
,Recommended,261640,20367114,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MrOrange,I love this game!  This has to be my second favorite game right behind Garry's Mod!  Do not let the price turn you off on this game becuase this is an amazing game.  In my opinion has probily the best play style on steam.  The storyline of this game is just amazing and offers so much in customization and free world freedom!  I recommend this game to anyone looking for just a good game on steam.
76561198022415153,Recommended,261640,20376234,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,invaderzim48,"First off I reccomend this game ON SALE, for very cheap.Second I reccomend this game ONLY to diehard Borderlands fans, the people who will play through the game and dlc several times with each character only and soley for the loot.It's a good solid Borderlands game and keeps all the base mechanics and art style from 2, but MY GOD is the ammount of pollitically correct, SJW, nonsense, just cringeworthy at some points. This is the first time I've ever wanted to play through a game muted for the entire time and I have a GOOD pair of headphones.Seriously though, I'm only an hour in and I already find myself cringing at some of the dialouge and characters, it's like this game has it's own political agenda.TL;DR If you can power through cringe worthy levels of SJW laced dialouge and play for the loot, you might like it."
,Recommended,261640,20383278,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jeremiah L. Arkham,"At first I didn't understand why Jack was killed in the second game. It seemed unfair. This game has told why he died. Still doesn't explain why he used, what her name? Was it his daughter? I think so. Maybe. I ain't smart enough to bother about that."
76561198010207214,Not Recommended,261640,13976637,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Trevor,"I've tried to like this game. The second Borderlands was very well done, wtih great humor and awesome gameplay. This one, despite introducing fun new game mechanics, falls short in a few ways.Short? Yeah the main story is WAY too short.There are too few bosses.Too few areas.Too few side missions.TOO MUCH PICKLE.Seriously, Pickle can go away. His annoying screech of a voice makes me want to punch kittens.Too much Australian. Sorry.Too much money spent on this game (and season pass!) with too little content. It won't happen again, unless somehow, some way, the season pass comes through with something decent."
,Recommended,261640,14209857,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Radowid to dziewicza młodość,Three words: Cl4p-tp climbs stairs2/10
,Recommended,261640,17329110,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Credge,"I enjoyed this game much more than Borderlands 2. I'm not really sure if the game was buggy at launch or what people were expecting. I absolutely loved it. The game felt much shorter, however, they also sped up the leveling process dramatically.The weapons were also much better. The basic weapons feel like they pack a punch and aren't gimmicky. Get a rifle? It's going to behave like a rifle. Of course, if you liked the weapons from Borderlands 2 (my biggest complaint about the game), then you'll probably also find a few types of guns you'll like here.One minor point about the game is the lack of really memorable characters. No catchy ""CATCH A RIIIIDE""'s to be found here. However, Jack is absolutely perfect. His arch fits the world so well and I can't help but actually feel for the dude.The new mechanics are nice as well. The added item slot, the oxygen mask, adds some very nice gameplay and mechanics to further specialize a character or build. The oxygen requirement in certain areas dictated play in a few areas, but none of it seemed negative. The new stomp attack is done well and really helps close range combat which I always felt was a major negative in this series.All in all, the game was fantastic. A solid 8/10."
76561198303774939,Recommended,261640,24717526,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ItzSerpent,Fun to play :D
76561198023865770,Recommended,261640,24722422,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,wuddi,recommended
76561198040143947,Recommended,261640,24724569,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,jv.reig,"I love the borderlands franchise but this game was way too short. Guess that's because they sold less games and couldn't add more content. Pity is that is not interesting to play it again since the story and DLC's of BL2 are AMAZING and this game is not that good. That inmediately makes this game not that sexy, so you end up boring it and replaying BL2.About the levels, this game exploited too much the ""space"" resource. That excessive flying freedom makes you finish the levels pretty fast, also without caring about details on the map, then you lose half of the experience. I prefer much more the non-gravity experience of both BL1 and BL2 and also the enemies. Even the missions were much more creative on the first two games. In the pre-sequel some jokes, speeches and missions are kinda childish, and that is just the final touch that ruins a good game.This game series is about vault hunters and bandits. But now I'm scared to see what will happen if another game is released and the Oz kits appear again and the main mission it's about fighting vault guardians. Again, that would be too much space and too much aliens.In short: Good game but I hope they return to BL2 philosophy :). Then we'll have a GREAT GAME and we'll spend more money on it.Hours spent in the pre-sequel: 37hHours spent in borderlands 2: 203h (replayed it 12 times)"
76561198075882988,Recommended,261640,19438546,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,OneTwo,must have for a Borderlands franchise fans :)
76561198104751578,Recommended,261640,27698478,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gyimesiiv,"Didn't expect much after playing BL2, but it is a really good game.Characters are very fun to play with, plot is also enjoyable."
,Recommended,261640,29293453,Posted: 16 January,all,Ecksdee 💙 悲しい龍,the best borderlands game so far
76561198206526235,Recommended,261640,29302453,Posted: 16 January,all,falconlover503,GREAT!
,Recommended,261640,29307712,Posted: 16 January,all,JerlBays,Its really just a big dlc for borderlands 2
76561198064642244,Recommended,261640,28061623,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Geeked,gg
,Recommended,261640,13770746,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Flarin,"Not a fan of the previous games, but this one rocks. The closer to the end the more you actually want more :)"
,Not Recommended,261640,21854862,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Diakun,"I wanted to like it but sadly this game is just endlessly boring and forgettable, so forgettable infact i have apparently spent 14 hours on this game and have no recollection of almost anything except grey moon rock. Play BL2 instead."
76561198085150472,Not Recommended,261640,21823255,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,antocularis,"Not too into this so far. Bought it on sale and went into it with low expectations. It's fairly meh. Movement is slow and sluggish which I guess is part of the 'being on the moon' experience. It doesn't work well and I don't care about the whole floating around in low gravity shoot 'em up gameplay. For me it really doesn't add anything unique to the experience, it just takes that much longer to accomplish tasks or get from point A to point B. There aren't any laugh out loud moments due to the storyline or dialogue like there were in the first two games. I get the feeling this was just a re-hash of the basic Borderlands gameplay in a slightly different environment to milk some more cash right quick. I would prefer an entirely new set of characters on an unexplored planet with new vaults to discover and actually raid- instead of just showing up to a boss fight, win, and have some random crap pop up out of the ground.If Gearbox is working on a Borderlands 3 I sure hope it will be better than Borderlands The Prequel.Final verdict: If you absolutely loved the first two Borderlands games and need more of the same type of action but without the fun, exploration magic and silly humor buy Borderlands The Prequel on a deep sale. Otherwise I'd skip it."
,Recommended,261640,32625931,Posted: 21 June,all,ABuzz246,"By itself Borderlands the pre-sequel is a great game, 2k did a great job continuing the experience of playing a borderlands game. If youve never played the Borderlands franchise either start at the first game, or find a lore video because youll want to know. i would reccomend buying the handsome jack pack which gives you both games and playing them in the order of events rather than game release date. All of the DLC is worth buying for the two previous games, so i assume that this game is no different. youd like this game if you enjoy a casual shooter with rpg mechanics, or if you like an easy to digest but very well written story. ive played close to 200 hours of Borderlands 2 on the pc, but ive also matched that time on the xbox 360. Easily the Borderlands experience is one of my favorites and is a great game to replay over and over with friends."
,Recommended,261640,23850177,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,KelpyG,"The Borderlands series has once again done an amazing job with another great FPS. I've played every one of these game on the Xbox so don't let my hours fool you. This game is incredible and if you liked the other games, you're bound to like this one. 10/10"
76561198053598113,Not Recommended,261640,20016281,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,⊰Saibot,"*Sigh* My frist negative review, on my favourite game series of all time, Borderlands. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel really didn't feel like a new ''game''. It honestly really just felt like a DLC. The only things new featured, were a new element, weapon category, story-line, and oxygen feature. Sure, it was really interesting to see what's been going on before♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan in Borderlands 2, but nothing else was new really. It felt just like Borderlands 2, and I felt like it needed more to be a new released game into the borderlands franchise. This really should've just been a DLC and not a new $40-50 game. I'm really disappointed that my first negative review was on Borderlands and I can't stress this out enough that this should've just been a DLC for Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,16268616,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Smash,1000/10
,Recommended,261640,17366918,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Asie[X]t★,"Well, Borderlands is an awesome game!In The Pre-Sequel you can be Handsome Jack!! That's it))"
,Recommended,261640,28201181,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,[Cancer] ♈ Space Moogle,"Even though it couldn't compare to the success of the previous game, Borderlands 2, The Pre-Sequel left a fun mark. It is the same old Borderlands we all love and it stays like that but with a few modifications. It is like Pokemon of shooting games where you hunt larger animals instead capturing them in a Pokeball. Doesn't mean it doesn't have any flaws. I mean, shockingly enough, killing Nisha was a horrible mistake in Borderlands 2 and making her playable in the Pre-Sequel is unpleasant. Nevertheless, I enjoy Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel because it is Borderlands. The characters are very consistent, the storyline is perfection. The storyline never jumps out of the flow of being some wacky cliche plot that we all love. Considering it's called the Pre-Sequel, you can already guess that this game takes place between the first Borderlands game and all mighthy and powerful, Borderlands 2. Follows the story of Pre Masked Handsome Jack and all the wonderful characters. Now, do I recommend to buy the game? It's up to you. But I do suggest to pick this up. I have a lot of fun playing singleplayer and will have fun playing it in coop with my friends. Have fun killing Psychos in space. Oh, don't forget. Claptrap is here."
76561198078451041,Recommended,261640,14679938,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Blipblapjack,You can buttslam people off cliffs.11/10 - IGN
76561197962903254,Recommended,261640,14715149,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Evil Cinnabun,"Excellent coop experiance, interesting story, fun shooter and RPG elements. And works worderfully on Linux! Thanks for the great game and excellent Linux support."
,Not Recommended,261640,14946916,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"Take the humor out of borderlands and you're left with a nice looking but ultimately dull experience. The joke in this game is ""Austrailian accent"", followed by ""British accent"", followed by I don't know what because I stopped playing.Tiny Tina was one of the best parts of BL2, so to try to cash in on that, they filled this game with badly-accented kids, but without any of the quirks and charm that made Tina stand out. Handsome Jack was also noteworthy in BL2 (unlike most of the protagonists), but here he's a sympathetic character, and completely neutered of any of his fiendishness.Claptrap is the only character that isn't DLC that is fun to play. The skills for the rest of the team made me miss the older games.A lot of weird crap about relationships is shoehorned into the story for no obvious reason other than pandering to an audience that largely doesn't play FPS games.I would bet that most of the writers of these games are getting tired of their work being lumped in with that of the more notorious member of their team, but considering they put their name on an fps that has decided it needs to ""raise social conciousness"" while simutaneously making fun of midgets non-stop, it's hard to feel bad for them.The guns, much like BL2, while numerous, are all mostly varying degrees of useless, and the occasional decent one you find will only be useful for an hour or two before levelling makes it obsolete.I wouldn't buy this even on sale, except for the fact that Claptrap is playable. That is the only redeeming feature of this game, and unless you're a die-hard BL fan, it's not enough."
,Recommended,261640,17403561,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Crover C. Crewe,I would recomended this game for Borderlands fan....but the quest in this 'Pre-sequal' are just plain boring....many of them doesn't make sense and just down right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in writing script or just really lazy to write an enjoyable quest.And many quest are just far too long or just revisite a very long-long way to the place you just been a moments ago.....it's worst than BL1 or BL2BTW Athena just OP imo....Love her to death
,Recommended,261640,14674582,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Alucard,i like the game
76561198055758013,Recommended,261640,14701395,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DeadK7NG,WTF happened T_T
76561198065272179,Not Recommended,261640,24633322,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,GAABBE,"Edit: Alright, just beat it..Spoiler alert, there is no vault. They mention a vault up and down, but do not expect anything out of it. In fact, expect literally nothing...This game has been a copy-paste of mechanics, with crap character and plot backgrounds, and everyone wants to suck each others' peepees. It makes me sad to say, I may have to thumbs down this one. I don't know what happened to the development team, but they don't feel like the same folks that made the first two awesome games I have/will always love so much.First things first..The entire moon is gay, excluding maybe 3 or 4 people. Why are we pushing the gay agenda so hard that even Borderlands is now this annoyingly flamboyant? I have nothing against the gay community, do your thing, but literally (even Sir Hammerlock)..Dissapointing character depth, as opposed to previous borderlands, and seriously..It gets annoying when all the characters exclaim their homosexuality at some point or another..But! With the gay pride aside..Pros: Classic borderlands mechanics. Claptrap. Moxxi's boobs.P.S. Don't waste your gear on the grinder unless you have a bunch of dupes to use or something."
76561197985159091,Not Recommended,261640,23261122,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Bambi,"i dont like giving bad opignion  i rather be positive because  more fun  !No way this is borderland , not funny , not cool , not hot ! not trippy ! Not funky !   repetitive ,, lame bland ,, BUT Work like a charm and maybe this is more the cup of tee of some others .....  For me , plain boring ,,,  it only make me want to play more on Borderland 2 ... boy BD2 is a masterpiece .  was so darn Uber fantastic ..BUT , if i omit ever playing Borderland 2 ..  this games could have been  OK and i as said work great ..  they should not have used the name Borderland , and make something there Own ! It would probably have been way better .12hrs is probably the most i will ever play ,,,,   i have played more then 400hrs on borderland 2 and still want to go back ..hmm sorry ,,, thumbs down !!!! (  i hate doing that )"
76561198013928526,Recommended,261640,19945429,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DeadKing,Out of the entire game this has got to be the best DLC - very great story line and it ends up where you start in Borderlands - claptrap being all dumped out - Very nice weapons and level ups
,Recommended,261640,17386540,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Robot Domino,"Very little added compared to BL2. The presequel really missed the mark on growing from the franchise. What I had hoped for was more action skills, better point distribution. It would have been nice to have smarter enemy AI.That being said if you like BL2 you will enjoy this game. But make sure to GET IT ON SALE. Full price is not worth it. It's more of the same with a little more bugs than the last two games combined.Gameplay7/10 (if you like BL2) if not then 4/10Story 5/10 (if you mute everything and take off subtitles)  if not then 4/10 (sorry guys there is more depth in in a Veronica Roth novel).Art style7/10 I rather enjoy the style."
76561197977800934,Recommended,261640,24242930,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Stan,"I thought this game was going to be just a quick cash grab made by 2K's ""alternate"" game developers. Boy was I wrong! I'm about 2/3rds done and this is all classic borderlands play. Sure it may be a bit of a re-skinned game with tried and true elements that offer just a bit of new variety, but hey, it's Borderlands! And as a fan, it's always great to have more Borderlands.Having a fun time with this one. Grab it during a sale and if you're at all a fan of the other games then you'll probably like it as much as I do....it's exactly what you'd expect and that's good!"
,Recommended,261640,17364259,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Reggie,lesbians
,Recommended,261640,18540436,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Akraken,"Unfortunately, A Jetpack, new enviroments and some great new mechanics as well as amazing characters doesn't stop The Pre-Sequel for being a lesser (and somewhat unexciting and recylced) version of the fantastic BL2. The humor would be hard to understand for non-Australians. I understood it, but even some of the jokes were cringeworthy."
,Recommended,261640,31529139,Posted: 3 May,all,bombsfadeaway,"Great open-world game. Really love the physics of the gravity and variety of characters/weapons available. Great story arc as well. I'll always prefer Borderlands 2, but this filled in a lot of ""how Jack became Jack"" storyline which I loved. Also- LASERS!"
76561198044183210,Recommended,261640,33100645,Posted: 1 July,all,Sanexd,fakink 6/5 gaem
76561198119773462,Recommended,261640,33098771,Posted: 1 July,all,Daddy,2 ez
,Recommended,261640,13821554,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Syroop,"This game plays and looks exactly the same as borderlands 2.  It has a shorter storyline, but is still incredibly fun.  I love the series and it is still a good addition.  The storyline is pretty good, but would still recommend it.  If your a borderlands fan get it.  And plus side. No game breaking bugs"
,Recommended,261640,27898014,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,haih_ys,"You can play as claptrap, what else need I say?"
76561198074018997,Recommended,261640,28211444,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"I had so much fun with this game, it's amazing, hilarious, filled with content and very fun, single player or with friends!"
76561198085296563,Recommended,261640,31937116,Posted: 24 May,all,Gohan,One of the best games i've played so far i recommend it to every Borderlands fan out there.
,Recommended,261640,24158384,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fuzii,So this is what NASA's hiding on the moon.
,Recommended,261640,24148275,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Killer Queen Bites The Dust,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a great game, especially if you loved borderlands 2. However, it is very short compared to Borderlands 2 and is a lot better if get the DLC for the game.I highly recommend getting the game on sale or on the steam summer sale(like I did)  to get the best out of your money and out of the gameThe game is not worth $40, especially when you can get at gamestop for $20The game + season pass is most certainly not worth $70, because in gamestop and other stores,  sell the season pass for $20, $70 is WAY overpriced7/10P.S: get the borderlands save editor to get certain items that are impossible to get in gameP.S.S: On the steam summer sale, I got the game plus season pass for $21"
76561198074363852,Recommended,261640,24166971,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,kknee,good game.
,Recommended,261640,24158808,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kevin Kumar,Gibbed me 99999999999999999999999 credits. died. gg now im camping outside the job center
76561198172074913,Recommended,261640,24164033,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hawt Dood,Awesome Game
76561198112944486,Recommended,261640,33244855,Posted: 4 July,all,Calcium,Moon Lesbians
76561197969436301,Not Recommended,261640,29616495,Posted: 31 January,all,tlind2,"A big disappointment after Borderlands 2Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a flawed game and the definite low mark of the series.As a huge fan of the BL series, I originally bought this for PS3 and put about 25 hours into the game, From the beginning it felt wrong, but I played through, hoping that it would improve as it went along. I now repurchased it on a Steam sale in the hopes that my memory of the first time around was wrong. Sadly, no. The game suffers from the same problems from beginning to the end.Biggest problems:1) Uninteresting characters.Zarpa-who? Most characters are entirely forgettable and the rather infrequent minibosses even more so. Even Jack, my favorite villain of all time, has his share of tone deaf and bland material.2) Awful writingBorderlands has always had really quirky dialogue and its own sense of humor, which you probably either love or hate. Here it feels like the writers didn't really understand that there was a method to the madness in the previous games. The jokes are very rarely funny and the characters come off as really two-dimensional (see #1), completely random or unnecessarily juvenile. The ""hot dog"" conversation on Helios must rate among the very worst I've seen in any game. In general the game just recycles a lot material from the previous games, but doesn't even deliver well on those. Generally it seems like the game was written by 12 year olds who didn't have many original ideas, so they just ripped off stuff from BL2 and tossed in some ""great jokes.""As for the story, it doesn't really grab you most of the time. The interesting bits could have been squeezed into a four hour DLC for the previous title. While I am interested in Jack's rise to power in general, the pacing of the storytelling here makes me want to just read the highlights online. And the side quests are even worse in both story and structure.3) Level designThe outdoor moon levels seem to be cut from the same cloth and are largely forgettable. But the greater sin is the placement of fast travel stations and respawn points. Frequently I found myself bored with running back and forth across the same sections of the map to get where I needed to go. Often I found it quicker to just quit and reload to get back to the map entrance, as many of the maps don't have a shortcut back.4) Drop rates for lootI found a total of one legendary in my first playthrough and purchased another from a vending machine in this one. Most chests will just spew greens, unless you spend 40 moonstones on some special chests instead of using them to increase your inventory space and ammo capacity. This makes the core shoot-and-loot game mechanic feel less rewarding than it has in the previous titles.ConclusionThe game doesn't hold a candle to Borderlands 2. However, fans of the previous game will find some rewarding moments that tie in with the events of BL2, which makes the experience... tolerable. If this were a stand-alone title of a new franchise, I might recommend it at a discount. However, knowing what Gearbox has been able to do in the previous installments, I can only recommend this if you absolutely need to see all of the Borderlands story and you're prepared to suffer a bit for it. Otherwise just stick to the second game instead."
76561198044425538,Not Recommended,261640,15848573,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Constanze B. Albrechtsberger,"Was fun for a while, but i realized there was little to no replay value (base game)Censorship was  unneededEvery weapon felt the sameCool legendaries :)Fun with a friend because solo, to me at least, is so boring.7/10 just try it."
,Recommended,261640,12807572,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,wendyes gn in 2017,"If there was a maybe button, I would press it so hard right now. This game, as to be expected from 2K, was not bad by any standards. However, was it worth $60? Not really. This is a game I would expect to see for around $40-50 on the store. While it is not the ""DLC"" and ""Piece of trash"" that everyone else experienced to me, it just did not cut it for what Borderlands 2 showed me was possible.Pros:Storyline that fills in most of the gaps left by Borderlands 1+2Servers that don't crash every 5 minutes.LasersCons:PickleSometimes faulty physics (As to, I found multiple ways to walk through walls.)Cryo and lasers are very slightly really OP.I would give this game a 7/10, and reccomend to buy it when it is on sale for 20% off or more."
76561198254447217,Recommended,261640,20065545,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Onii-Fam,i liek it tho it be god gamz 2 pley
,Recommended,261640,20183140,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,you stole fizzy lifting drinks,borderlands: the pre-squeakquel
76561198053832411,Recommended,261640,20188844,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,dag nabbit bobby,yeah its pretty good8/10
,Recommended,261640,20127249,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Devious Toast,"It's even more Borderlands.  Play it for it's endearing, psychotic antics, and you'll enjoy it.Though toward the end, I couldn't bring myself to care about Jack's goal.  I kind of wanted to shoot him.  Again.  And again.  Alas I never finished the game.Still, it was a lot of fun.  I'll recommend this game on its fun factor."
,Recommended,261640,19989806,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Solyc Mando,'Why are all space ships shaped like ♥♥♥♥♥?'10/10
76561198066195804,Recommended,261640,20015086,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gimmex,Good story and amazing co-op gameplay! Best series ive played this far. 10/10
76561198149030426,Recommended,261640,20052381,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dr. Head Popper,"insanly better than borderlands 2 but still a lot like it, fun enemies that are different and harder/more intersesting bosses and characters"
,Recommended,261640,20103681,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,.tv/FeelsBrudMan,More like Borderlands: The After-Sequel AM I RIGHT????
,Recommended,261640,27689518,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vaeuth,"Guns, Space, Guns, Loot, Guns, Robots, Guns, mems, guns, claptrap, and did I mention, Guns ?"
,Recommended,261640,22872620,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,fadilizer,pretty fun xddd
76561198106195673,Not Recommended,261640,33738774,Posted: 23 July,all,richardyang4869,Don't buy it. you will be disappointed.completely not as good as borderland 2enemy design is simple and boring. the map design is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and confusingnot worth it.
,Recommended,261640,26392441,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Johnny End,"Borderlands is just a fun time man, and the 3rd game managed to improve from the last two already awesome games. Love it!"
76561198135772893,Recommended,261640,26327479,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,NF Rainbowsaur,"When this game first came out I was skeptical of purchasing it. I had heard quite a lot of negative hype. Ended up purchasing on sale, just to find out this game was a ton of fun! New twist being in space, turned out to be a fun aspect for me. I haven't had a chance to play this with friends yet, but I can only imagine that will make it even more fun!"
76561197994475431,Recommended,261640,29699819,Posted: 4 February,all,Warnub,This game I don't feel is much of a step above the previous one in the series. If you didnt play it you didnt miss much. Still a good game though if you like to shoot it out.
76561198040442722,Not Recommended,261640,21011412,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,⛧ Evil Ginger ⛧,"Seems like they were working on a new DLC for Borderlands 2, and decided thay wanted to make a little extra dough by spending a bit more time on it and making it a full priced game... It's definitely not the masterpiece that the first two games are."
,Recommended,261640,15094153,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,bEan,"For those who have played the other games in the Borderlands series, I would highly recommend this game.For those who haven't played it, just buy it already.Worth it.Stop reading and start purchasing."
,Recommended,261640,22585538,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,oscar7070,good game ( :
,Recommended,261640,30991178,Posted: 6 April,all,i have downs,"Borderlands game, so of course it's good."
,Recommended,261640,21994148,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Blue,"guns,yep,more guns,yep,AND LASERS awsome.i wouldnt buy unless it was on sale though.its great but no worth the $40(well 39.99)"
,Not Recommended,261640,25584608,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,B0T Timmy,The gravity variable too low: I killed a skav -> a GOLD LEGENDARY GUN pop out -> fly into the lava
76561198015660972,Recommended,261640,28533596,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Dawg,"It definitely feels a lot smaller than BL2, and lacks some of the charm, but overall the gameplay is improved from BL2 and the story is solid."
76561198005765470,Recommended,261640,31786883,Posted: 16 May,all,Hell-n-Back,Wasn't very impressed yet it does have it's moments.
,Recommended,261640,31793386,Posted: 16 May,all,Parthannun,This Game is so much fun and i love to play as claptrap
76561198004022855,Recommended,261640,25663893,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,maldorf,"I only recommend this game if you are a big Borderlands fan. It really doesnt have anything new to offer other than it tells the story of how Jack ended up evil. The plot itself isnt particualry good and the game really just seems like more of the same. If you are new to the series start out with the first borderlands because I think it is the best. Borderlands 2 is a decent and then this one is another notch down. The graphics and sound are good but no better than the first two from what I can tell. I did get a lot of game time out of this because I did most of the side quests, by but the end I was ready for it to be over because many of the missions are the go here get this scenario.The final boss battle was a lot of fun and not overly hard. The boss battle with Tungsteena Zarpedon was so hard that I almost threw in the towel and quit, I have never done that with a game. It took me about one hour of dying over and over again to beat her. She has a shield that renews itself really fast and some really nasty AE attacks. Her battle was tougher than the final battle for sure. Very very challenging for me, so much so that I did not enjoy it!"
,Not Recommended,261640,34403961,Posted: 21 August,all,[KEVN] Thraddash,"Without question the worst of the series.  Well, this and the Telltale one (which was unplayably awful in my opinion).  I've got 16 hours in this game and I feel like the majority of that has been spent running back and forth.  I don't know if it's just awful luck over and over with the order I do the quests in, but I don't remember the other games being so boring with so much travel in and out of the same locations over and over.  I just can't take it anymore."
76561197978436886,Not Recommended,261640,23312335,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,HiGh FoOl,This game crashes constantly preventing me from enjoying or advancing further. Non of my other games have ever crashed as much as this one. Only good thing about his game is that i only paid $12
,Recommended,261640,13610510,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Renato,"Borderlands... What a good game franchise !First, I played the 2nd one which is, in my point of view, the greatest of the franchise. The villains are funny, interesting, and our character is pretty stylish. Borderlands was blending our two favorite game genres : RPG and FPS. But also, it combined the two things we love in a classic FPS game : guns and loot ! YES. Weapons in Borderlands are the most beautiful I've seen in a video game.And then, came the Pre-Sequel. A sequel of Borderlands, and a prequel of Borderlands 2. We all know the song by heart : the game's scenario is all about explaining how did Handsome Jack come to power. First time I played the game, I was really exited, and took Wilhelm the Enforcer as a Vault Hunter.The game is (as the 2nd one) really funny and well made. Now we have new elemental type weapons : laser and ice ; WHICH IS GREAT. However, I could say a lot about this beast but I won't (cause I'm too lazy to spend one hour to write it down). Now, the game is well welcomed by fans, but let me say something about it : you are going to spend a lot of hours on this masterpiece even if :-The echo messages still can't be repeated ;-Some ennemies are still buggy ;-You'll finish the game when you're at level 25 or 28 ;-Some quests are impossible to be done because you've received zero clue to make it ;-The music isn't that attractive than the one in the 2nd game ;Whatever, it's still a great game to be played and I think that 75 / 100 isn't the grade that this game deserves...86 / 100 !      ;)"
,Recommended,261640,25389307,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Northerner,"This is an accurate review of the game without whining and complaining.The game is not as great as Borderlands 2 but its not meant to be. It is an expansion. But its far too big and different to be an expansion. So it is its own slightly smaller game. Makes sense.No its not as big or as tremendous as B2 but it also only retailed for 2/3 of the original retail price, which is exactly fair for the amount of content you get so people should not complain that its not a full game. Its 2/3 of a full game.The gun mechanism is the same, the jokes are similar, the design is similar just in space, although the general landscape is a little less engaging than B2, making you just want to get to your destination directly. The big jumping in my opinion just makes for more 3 dimensional attacking. Nothing wrong with more playable space right?Some people dont care for the Australian language theme, but honestly its hilarious. Whats wrong with Australianisms? They are like the other Canada. Who doesnt love those endearing stereotypes?The campaign is decent, the playable characters are honestly an improvement over B2 in their skill trees, the bosses are a slog just like the other two games so nothing new there. And just like the other 2, there is way too much ammo lying around, and there is lots of funny stuff spray painted on the walls.So i think that since its meant to be about 66% of the content of B2, and its also the same ratio as a price comparison then people should stop whining and complaining like children and appreciate that you get a lot more Borderlands 2. And you dont have to deal with Claptrap at all if you dont want to and im fine with that.Its a great game. Not the best game ever. But its pretty great.Pickle/10"
,Recommended,261640,25386912,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[ÐÐ] Bill Nye,7.8/10 Too much Cryogenic-water
76561197982880552,Recommended,261640,25387743,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,drjoms,FSCK /dev/yeah111This game is AWESOME. Especially with friends.
,Recommended,261640,13425848,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tizen,"This installment of Borderlands is for the people who been with the franchise since the first one. It has many, many refences to the other games. Just the main characters alone are from the other games.Lets start with the stroy, its very interesting, to people who care about the stroy of borderlands and such. If your just the person who got this and its your first borderlands, you wont know what the hell is going on, ALIENS? VAULTS? JACK? WHAT ARE THESE? Anyway it follows jack's progression to evil and clears up some questions like ""whats under jack's mask?"" ""why does jack hate vault hunters?"" ""Why theres no jump pads in the other games?"".Next would be graphics but its the same as the first two games, shellshaded. Nothing much else to say about that, like its suppose to look cartoony.The characters, they are different from what we have seen (I havent seen the new jack character yet).The quick run down of the classes are Wilheilm the enforcer, for the person who wants to play by themselves, with two bots that fly around him that heal and kill things for him hes perfect for those who want a complete single player experience.Next Nisha the gunslinger, or as i like to call it the ""I have never played a FPS before please, halp"" class. Her ability is to auto-lock onto enemies heads and shoot them dead on.Next is Athena the gladiator, i dont know what to call it, captain america? i guess. Her ability is to block incomeing damage with a sheild, which can be upgraded to be thrown.Last but not least CLAPTRAP, the Frag trap, the poster boy, or the randomize class. Claptraps ability is random, the game looks at your situation and gives you the best ability for that moment. It can be upgraded to be more random and to add a priate ship ability (yes, you read right, a Frick fracking pirate ship ability).Now that the classes are out of the way its time for the hours. Someone looking for one run as fast as possible is 6-8 hours, people doing one run but doing everything 10-14 hours. Then theres the borderlands fans, who run the game with every class on vault hunter mode and such, yada yada yada, you know who you are. They will take about (with the current state with no story dlc, just the one extra character) 30-45 hours or even more, hell I have multiple characters in BL2 and i have almost 250 hours.This game is Highly recommended to a borderlands fan, if you not a fan i would suggest playing one of the two before this (a.k.a play both the games, they're both really good!).9.5/10 (because im a BL fan)"
,Not Recommended,261640,24140239,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mac Aodha,"A game that came out to apply back story to the previous game. Beat the campaign first and second time through in five hours. Think about this before you buy. Also, severely lacks in DLC. Maybe that's an extra hour or two for ya, considering one is an arena for grinding enemies, and the other is a humongous map with little to do besides ride light bridges. And get the voice of the late Robin Williams on a sh*tty shield.I love Valvo, just wish they put more heart into this game."
76561198205361800,Recommended,261640,33075725,Posted: 1 July,all,PickleRick,9.5/10 Austrailians on the moon.
,Recommended,261640,33078063,Posted: 1 July,all,Jojo,awsome!!
,Recommended,261640,17688561,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,high off cigarettes,"The opening of The Pre-Sequel begins some time after Borderlands 2 and Episode 3 of Tales from the Borderlands, on the flying city of Sanctuary, where the three former Vault Hunters Lilith, Brick, and Mordecai interrogate Athena after having captured her earlier. Athena then recounts her story, starting after the death of General Knoxx, when she received an offer to go find the Vault from a Hyperion programmer named Jack. She then joins fellow Vault Hunters: Nisha, Wilhelm, and Claptrap, on a spaceship headed for the Hyperion moon base, Helios. On the way, they are ambushed by the Lost Legion, an army of Dahl soldiers led by Colonel Tungsteena Zarpedon, and crash-land onto the moon base. After meeting up with Jack, they attempt to use Helios's defense system, but realizes there is a jamming signal coming from Elpis, Pandora's moon. They attempt to escape, but they are stopped by Zarpedon, and a mysterious alien-like warrior. Jack then sends the Vault Hunters to Elpis on a moonshot rocket.After landing on Elpis, the Vault Hunters are helped by Janey Springs, a junk dealer, who guides them to the spaceport known as Concordia. Here, the Hunters, under Jack's orders, request help from Moxxi to find the jamming signal. After raiding a former Dahl station, they find out that the signal was put up by the Meriff, the person in charge of Concordia, as well as Jack's former underling. While this is happening, Zarpedon also activates Helios' weapon system, the Eye which fires powerful lasers on the surface of Elpis. The Meriff is later killed by Jack at his office due to a failed attempt to kill Jack from behind. With Concordia secured, Jack and Moxxi guide the Vault Hunters to the next step in retaking Helios. They then proceed to infiltrate a Lost Legion base, run by two Dahl officers, The Bosun and The Skipper, in search of an artificial intelligence, which Jack plans to use to build a robot army. After defeating Bosun, it is revealed that the Skipper, who renames herself Felicity, is the A.I. they were looking for. Next, the Vault Hunters travel to a robot production facility, where Jack enlists the help of a scientist named Gladstone to build his robot army. Gladstone suggests using his prototype robot, named the Constructor, which has the ability to construct an infinite amount of robots. At first, Felicity agrees to help them by becoming the A.I. for the Constructor, but upon witnessing the violence she has to go through,she begins to hesitate. After being forced into the Constructor bot, she takes control of it and battles the Vault Hunters. Felicity is defeated, and her personality is deleted from the Constructor bot.Having now achieved his robot army, Jack and the Vault Hunters travel to Helios, while enlisting the help of Moxxi and two former Vault Hunters, Roland and Lilith (who were on Elpis for a vacation). They defeat Zarpedon and the Lost Legion, and proceed to reboot the Eye of Helios. It is revealed that the Eye is actually the eye of the Destroyer, the beast that was released from Pandora's Vault by the first Borderlands vault hunters team. The Vault Hunters then begin to inject slag into the Eye, under Moxxi's directions. When attempting to reboot, Moxxi reveals her true motives for helping Jack: to destroy the Eye and prevent Jack from gaining ultimate power. Jack and the Vault Hunters then travel back to Elpis, where they find its Vault having already been opened, as mentioned by Zarpedon during her last moment. The Hunters then battle several of the Vault's guardians, and defeat its ultimate weapon, the Deva-like Empyrean Sentinel.With the Sentinel defeated, Jack enters the Vault and greets the Vault Hunters, but finds no item of value, other than a mysterious symbol floating midair. As he attempts to interact with it, the symbol then shows Jack a vision of the Warrior awakening. However, the vision is interrupted by Lilith, who phasewalks in front of him and punches through the Vault symbol, burning it onto Jack's face. She then disappears, leaving Jack behind with the Vault Hunters. Jack, having gone insane from the vision as well as Lilith's attack, swears vengeance on her, and all the ""bandits"" on Pandora. Realizing that the hero who once saved her on Helios is no more, Athena leaves Jack's employ.Having finished listening to Athena's story, Lilith then orders the Crimson Raiders to execute her, against Brick and Mordecai's protests. However, as they open fire on her, Athena is saved by the alien warrior who appeared on Helios with Zarpedon that day, which reveals itself to be one of the legendary Eridians. The Eridian then warns the Vault Hunters of an imminent war, and that they would need ""all the Vault Hunters they can get"".During the credits, several scenes showing what became of the Vault Hunters after helping Jack play. Wilhelm is transformed further into a machine, Athena discards the money given to her by Jack, Nisha and Jack establish their reign on Pandora, and Claptrap is dismantled and left for dead by Jack. In a post-credit scene, Jack is seen strangling his CEO, Tassiter, in his office, and announces to a woman on an intercom that he has replaced Tassiter as the new head of Hyperion, and tells her to now call him by his new name, Handsome Jack."
,Recommended,261640,32875371,Posted: 27 June,all,Thonrorn,yes
76561198111489690,Recommended,261640,32734474,Posted: 24 June,all,Tixo,great lotoer based shooter :)
76561198034064001,Recommended,261640,15371140,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,rodt,"This game is epic, definitely one of the best games ever made!Much better than bl1 and bl2 also... which were average games, bl2 was half between good and average though.The thing that I disliked about the game is that I expected the characters to talk in more dynamic fashion, as per the trailer... they talk more though and I cant really fault the game for not having some super advanced ""talk"" ai...The things I love about this game are well... it is pointless explaining what all the different things that ""work"" in this game... that is never why any game works or does not work... sure the controls are nice, the graphics are pretty, the characters are memorable the story is well weaved... but none of that really counts for anything for a good game, what really matters is that the whole game flows together in that nice way that causes things to be better ... and YES!, this game has that ""epic X factor"" that makes for good stuff... and almost never does anything have this ""epic X factor""... so if you don't get this game you are really missing out...Also some people give this game, so so reviews or even bad reviews, if you believe them and get this game, the reverse hype will be even more awesome for you, so go on, believe them and play the game!"
76561198005707484,Not Recommended,261640,15028146,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,KookiePoo,"Dont waste your money, despite being on sale 40% reduction i thought i might give it a try. I can't think of any game i have played in the first half hour that literally bores me to tears. I felt this is more like a dlc than an actual game, seems to me like a cash grab to help fund the next title. Something to release during the interim until Borderlands 3 is released, waste of time, energy and money, can't believe the devs thought they would get away with this...SHAME ON YOU,, spoilt your well earned rep,When and if BL3 is released i will wait until and not get lured by enticing sales marketing gimmicks, confidence tricksters."
,Recommended,261640,34031056,Posted: 4 August,all,Ninjaman,8/8 m8
,Recommended,261640,31890182,Posted: 21 May,all,Careless,"Borderlands 2 except now with ice, low gravity, and lasers?I'm inapparently it's popular to hate this titlecoolthat's your opinion"
76561198066844013,Not Recommended,261640,16610735,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ChefZed,"Idk, I was so in love with the first 2, but this one just missed the mark for me. The humor all feels like they're trying too hard. I'm having a hard time getting through this game"
,Recommended,261640,24360632,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,AlmostBoring,"Great game, but definitely not better than Borderlands 1 and 2 imo.The game's new mechanics are awesome, especially the more intertwined character interactions. I love that the player character actually responds to people, and that npcs have the occasional unique line of dialogue. The worldspace itself is beautiful, and the gravity system is a lot of fun.Though there are a few things I wasn't completely satisfied with, the most prominent being some small-ish plot holes, such as(SPOILER ALERT) Lilith and Roland seeming to have had no idea who Jack was before the story of BL2, but then they're shown assisting him through the campaign, and that when Athena mentions that Jack sacrificed himself, Lilith seems to be shocked that the murderous Jack was trying to help, but then later in the game, Roland and Lilith join him while they think he's a good guy. Ultimately confusing the heck outta meI also noticed that combat wasn't really balanced all that well, One second I'm tearing into a boss and killing them in a minute or so, then just after I'm fighting a badass enemy who down's me a few times before I kill him. And on that subject, the spawning is ridiculous; cleaning out an area is so much more frustrating, because you take out most of the enemies and are left with two, so you figure that's all of 'em in that area, so you kill the last two, and another two pop up and it goes on about 3 or 4 times.TL;DR - Overall, I'd reccomment it, just be wary that it's got some flaws that - if you're picky - you may not like."
76561198052319807,Recommended,261640,17420111,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,#NoStepOnSnek,"It has lazer guns, 10/10 best game ever!"
76561197967358516,Recommended,261640,18482363,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,chille_dawg,If you enjoyed Borderlands and Borderlands 2 you will enjoy this game. If you like Australian jokes and low gravity you will also like this game. I may not have enjoyed it as much as Borderlands 2 but the pre sequel is still a great game with a couple of improvements game play wise over the others. The only let down is the world is not as big and the game itself not as detailed but apart from that this is a great addition to the borderlands series
,Recommended,261640,23645940,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Spek,"Honestly, this is a good game.One disadvantage is that the game feel a little short and the areas can feel a little crampedcompared to the previous title(Borderlands 2), mostly it feels like a huge DLC to Borderlands 2.The game feels very similar to Borderlands 2 so it should not come to a big surprise that both gamesare very similar only the addition of new areas, weapons, characters and some gameplay elements."
,Recommended,261640,24359827,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,REDNECK PATE,Meh
,Recommended,261640,22818893,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rook,"Quite fun and good. Not as good or as memorable as borderlands 2, but has a good story, and athena is a cute dork"
76561198074823371,Recommended,261640,35024502,Posted: 17 September,all,memorion666,Great game 9/10
,Recommended,261640,15160680,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,AuldWolf,"Disclaimer:This is going to contain some spoilers. I can't exactly explain why I'm so fond of this without sharing a few of its secrets. So ... caveat lector!I've always wondered what it would take for me to like a Borderlands game.First of all? The ability to toggle off gore is a nice start. Now, I know Borderlands 2 had that as well, but I didn't enjoy that for numerous reasons which I'll cover here.I think my biggest issue with Borderlands of yore was the psychosis of it all. I have a fairly deadpan sense of humour, I'm attuned to British black humour which can get pretty bleak, but a man with a meat cleaver walking in circles and reciting Shakespeare just doesn't do anything for me. It's not just that it's puerile (which it absolutely is), but that it's a nasty & cheap shock gag. It's designed to try to trigger laughter by exposing a person to random, unexpected things.That's never worked for me. The whole ""LOL SO RANDOM"" monster birthed by Internet culture just passed me by. Maybe if I were thirty or fourty odd years younger? To contrast, The Pre-Squel has fun with neurodiversity in a harmless, playful sort of way. I wasn't hurt by this, and I say this as a neurodiverse person. The enemies weren't so much psychotic as they were just plain odd, and they made me chuckle. For the most part, the majority were pretty coherent and really great for a laugh. Especially if you're familiar with Oz humour (which as a Commonwealther, I am).Those buggers at 2K Australia actually got me to laugh a few times, too. There are a few moments early on even which are genuinely memorable, from Claptrap's psychosomatic need for oxygen to his inability to understand an Oz lady's accent. Lovely stuff. It's not as brusque and heavy-handed as prior Borderlands games, it has that sort of subtlety that you may expect from a Commonwealth or ex-Commonwealth games. There are a number of 'wait a minute' gags that can catch you off guard, and that's brilliant. The first Borderlands game that makes you think!And yes, by Borderlands standards, the Pre-Sequel is subtle.Then there's Claptrap. God I love Claptrap, he's my little, robotic neurodiverse baby. It's funny because me beau feels the same way about him. We both adore him and the other CL4P-TP models and want to give them hugs. They're nowhere near as obnoxious, confrontational, and violent as they're portrayed in Gearbox's take on the game. If anything, they have a sort of defeatist attitude where they realise they're sort of on the bottom of the evolutionary chain when it comes to intelligence, perhaps even robotic intelligence. And yet they can be oh so wonderfully subversive. Such as how he managed to make Jack cancel the directive he installed only moments ago to 'obey Jack at all costs.' Yep, even Clappy can trick that egomaniac.It's not black & white. That's another good thing. It actually has moral ambiguity. And it's not as though there aren't more ethical characters in the game, it's just that you may actually not be playing them. Or you might think you're a good guy and believe you're doing things for the right reasons, but it turns out your perspectives are all wrong. There's a lot of moral ambiguity in this game and it pleases me. Early on -- I turned to me beau and asked, multiple times, whether our motivations in this are noble or whether we're just impeding Zarpedon's quest to save the Universe. I like that. In prior Borderlands it was always a group of shining knights who ... killed billions. That never sat quite right with me.And then there's the jumping, platforming, and hidden stuff! I love this. This is my calling. I'm all about being able to jump to high places and find things, and I'm even amazingly good at first person platforming. In fact, I've actually been told that I'm a weirdo for having so much skill with that despite my disabilities. But I just like to jump! Getting to high places, looking around, and exploring is my jam! And that's exactly what The Pre-Sequel has in spades. Glorious, glorious bouncing around! They even provide you with a pseudo-jetpack which allows you to get to places you really shouldn't, which you get to feel good about even if you didn't get an achievement for it. I remember one time I was so high up that it triggered the 'fall into a pit' animation because I fell UP out of the world. A thing that happened!My next point is that as a disabled person, I've always hated bigots and prejudice. It gets to me. A lot. So The Pre-Sequel features two neurodiverse characters (of four, one of whom is a robot), a physically disabled character (an amputee-turned-transhumanist who augmented himself with robot parts), and two women (of four). Even with the DLC characters, it's still three women and three men. I remember watching the Torque and Hammerlock trailer for The Pre-Sequel and how it made some GamerGate-y type people uncomfortable that there was such equal representation. If you're getting that sort of reaction, you're doing things very right. Honestly, the only thing they could've done to improve this would've been to have include an overweight vault hunter.Also, Athena is now Xena. Bonus points.All of this allowed me to discover the fun that was lying beneath all the dirt and grime baggage that the Borderlands franchise regularly carried with it. It cleaned off the detritus and polished what laid beneath until it shined, and it shines gloriously. It's a testament to how handing a game over to a different development studio can result in something even better. And for me, subjectively speaking, this is better than the first two Borderlands games in every possible way.It's genuinely funny (I've never seen that from Borderlands), it's fun, and it's just all in all an enjoyable romp. And really, I think that killing off Claptrap after seeing what 2K did with him was the worst possible thing that they could've done. I loved the 2K Claptraps. All of 'em. They're so harmless and in general they just want to be quirky and to try to help. They're great. So, yeah. I guess... even though you're not exactly a force of good in this game, it just feels less inexorably like an irredeemable craphole. That never appealed to me. I don't want to be playing through the last gasps of a psychotically insane humanity. That's not funny to me. Giving murderous people tourette-like symptoms isn't, either.It just feels like such a stark change. And I prefer this. Overall, I guess it's just objectively a more intelligent game, or at least it expects more from its players? That's not a bad thing. Sure, the cultural xenophobes will hate it (really, just view the 'most helpful' review, which just exudes ignorance and hatred for cultures other than the reviewer's own), the puerile manchildren will hate it, and that probably means that a lot of actual Borderlands fans... will hate it.But if you didn't like Borderlands 2, this is the Borderlands for you.A glowing affirmation from me in every possible way. If this game's raison d'etre was to introduce Borderlands to different cultures with perhaps a higher average of intelligence, then it's fulfilled its purpose. It has succeeded. That'll do, 2K Oz, that'll do."
,Recommended,261640,16546406,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cloud9 bills,Borderlands sale :)
,Not Recommended,261640,32262705,Posted: 8 June,all,Richard,"The worst Borderlands by far,The whole moon no gravity, no oxygen is trash and gets old quickThe story was lacking and boring and was WAY to easy to complete,The guns (best thing about borderlands) where unoriginal, un-inventive and lacked ""difference"" and weapon effects don't even work in 60% of the placesAlso performance wise it runs bad, very bad, can play borderlands 2 60 fps on highest setting, could barely get 25 fps in most places on this with low-medium settings (and its graphics are no different from BL2)Honestly Pirate this game, its not worth the $$"
,Recommended,261640,21065214,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zachsub,10/10 IGN
76561198003304972,Recommended,261640,12715997,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,archzealon54,You can play as Clap-trap!The new gravity mechanics are neat as well.
,Recommended,261640,12713162,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Aldronex,Would Play Again11/10
,Recommended,261640,12700530,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,eli,best game out now
,Recommended,261640,12702126,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ellie the jerk,"So I'm not a huge game reviewer, but some of the reviews I've been seeing on this have made me want to speak up.First and foremost: is this ""just big DLC"" for Borderlands 2?No. Absolutely not. The gameplay mechanics and inventory system are similar, yes. But they worked in Borderlands 2 and they work here, so why change them? It's smaller than Borderlands 2 in terms of main story missions, but look at what we do have: there are four new playable characters, each with their own personalities and storylines. It's an entirely new setting with new gameplay elements that are different enough to warrant a different game. I honestly thought the whole ""Oz Kit"" thing was going to be a hinderance, but it's really well done. The low gravity gives combat a completely different feel and provides a new challenge. The Grinder mechanic is absolutely awesome, too.Secondly: is the writing bad?Not at all. Frankly, I find the Borderlands meme-based humor hilarious, but its personal preference. I didn't notice a big difference between the humor of this and Borderlands 2. It's also really nice to see the NPCs interacting with the Vault Hunters like they're actually individuals. That was perhaps my biggest complaint with Borderlands 2: they presented us with these great characters but never had them interact with each other or uniquely with NPCs until some of the later DLC, and even then it was kind of... stilted. This feels natural and gives us pretty great insight into the vault hunters as people. The only complaint is goddamn dialogue queueing. You miss cool tidbits because everyone is talking over each other, and that does get frustrating.After this, the review does get rather spoiler-y, so please, read at your own risk.As for the storyline, I'd like to make a few observations. I think the fact that the female player characters outnumber the males is absolutely fantastic, and the fact that people are crying about ""social justice"" is a goddamn joke. Welcome to how we feel in every single other game, boys. We're fifty percent of the gaming population. It's time we're treated like it. People have mentioned Janey's extremely forthcoming attitude about her sexuality, too, but honestly? She's a flirt. It's a character trait that some people have. If she were replaced with a straight man, there would be no argument or comment. The complaints often feel like people are saying ""we're only okay with non-heteronormative characters if we can ignore that fact about it"".Now, I do have a few issues. I won't go into too much detail, but I would've loved to have seen more of the BL2 Vault Hunters in the future sequences. Brick and Lilith and Mordy are great, but couldn't we have included some more Maya or Salvador or Zer0? Also: while Jack's slide into madness is great, I think the lack of Angel feels a little like an attempt to retcon him into someone more relateable for the sake of the game at hand, as if they can't remind us that, even when he wasn't a completely terrible person, Handsome Jack was an ambitious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and a bit of an adrenaline junkie.  He still tricked the original Vault Hunters, he still built the Eye of Helios as a means of securing power, and he still imprisoned his daughter. All of this makes him a great villain and I think soft-selling it for the sake of making him a protagonist is a little bit cheap.I've also heard a lot of complaints about Lilith's characterization, but I think it's a good direction for them to go in. The Vault Hunters have never really been 'good guys', and I think showing that they are, in fact, bandits and occasionally bad people is a good thing. Lilith has gone off the rails since Roland's death, and it's an interesting twist to the character.I've already mentioned the lack of dialogue queueing. God, that's annoying.Laser weapons often feel woefully underpowered, but I think I prefer that to overpowered weapons. I like the challenge, and before, getting a purple-rarity weapon often felt like an ""easy"" button for the whole game.While the new ""all four players can get a Stingray"" thing is nice, the Stingray itself is not. It handles worse than the Mako in Mass Effect, and that is saying something. Moon Buggies are cool, though, especially with the homing missiles.All in all, my complaints are minor. It feels enough like a new game to warrant the cost, and it provides a hell of a lot of replay value on top of that . Highly recommended both for play alone and in a group. Have fun!"
,Recommended,261640,12701218,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Chronovore,Great game!  I found that following the story and completing the sidequests was not nearly as much of a chore as it felt in Borderlands 2.  Another wonderful dose of humor and entertaining characters.
,Recommended,261640,12703348,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Milhouse Vanhooten,"Best borderlands to date, dont think its worth 60 dollars thou."
76561198090660324,Recommended,261640,12703421,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,asce,"More Borderlands? Yes! just awsome and if you played 1 and 2 then this ones' a no brainer. I will recommend this to any fan of the fpsrpg genre and a must play for any fan of the series. The Gladiator playstyle feels unique, have yet to try the other classes, would love to see a mashup where we can play all 14+ Borderlands classes together! The only quirk thats worth mentioning be it by design or not, is the pacing. You will run streches of empty space without an enemy in sight, but i dont see this as a problem as i usually get lost in the environment/artwork or end up chasing some mobs somewhere else before i get to my destination. The conclusion sets up a pretty interesting scenario, cant wait for more content and/or that elusive Borderlands MMOFPSRPG, and for Gearbox to do that genre as it was meant to be."
76561198083378899,Recommended,261640,12704036,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Chivalry,"I found it a bit short, but complete fun"
,Recommended,261640,12715207,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Fraple,"I recommend getting Borderlands 2 if you haven't, instead of this.Now that that's out of the way, borderlands p-s is okay. I haven't spent nearly as much time on it as I have borderlands 2, but none the less its still a good game. It has an interesting story and lots to do. If you are a fan of loot and shoot games then this isn't a bad choice, but only if you have got borderlands 2. This game is better than the first borderlands in my opinion so I recommend getting this over that."
76561198106015307,Recommended,261640,28762273,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Funny Finnish,Good if you like trun based moony zoomy games.
76561198008821241,Recommended,261640,25971282,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,The Cleaner,"Overall, more of the same from Borderlands 2 - which like most will say, is not a bad thing.  The classes are interesting to play, guns selection crazy and loads of fun.  Wish more non-australian voice acting, but other than that, a good purchase now 2 years later! The"
,Recommended,261640,15559243,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,mechanically inclined,Awsome Game Worth ALL The Money. its not much of a difference from borderlands 2. wait what am i saying! if you enoyed BL2 your going to LOVE <3 This Game
76561197975358649,Not Recommended,261640,19412704,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jaryss,"As a huge fan of Borderlands, I was expecting more from this game, like new features and ideas. This is just a recycled Bordelands 2 with less fun, less charismatic characters, less environments... I'm going back to Borderlands 2!"
,Recommended,261640,23435907,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cesary,"BtP-S is a great game. Characters are cool, game mechanics is good, story is taking different angle on events in series, it has a coop. Game is fun and enjoyable."
,Recommended,261640,12743343,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,I Am Ecliptic,!0/10 Game very good worth buying.
76561198125802460,Not Recommended,261640,19645055,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Megatron,Good but not as good as first 2 borderlands game
,Recommended,261640,17331351,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ask,"First i gotta say i got this game bundled with the season pass for a fairly low price in a sale. I wouldn't buy this game at full price, not because i don't like it but because BL2 GOTY is vastly superior.This game is not really that compelling or engaging to play by its lonesome, you need some background stimulation to make it entertaining. My favourites are alcohol and podcasts.Unless you like the mindless grind and easy combat (The game is EXTREMELY easy by the way) this ain't for you.Also>post yfw you aren't Anthony Burch"
,Recommended,261640,13425236,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,hog_jockey,"By and large more of the same formula as Borderlands and Borderlands 2. Or, in other words, awesome."
,Recommended,261640,14552475,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,unknown14725,"Not as as epic as Borderlands 2, but still craploads of fun. Australians have really poor/weird sense of humor, and things are far from the same level of LOL as in Borderlands 1 and Borderlands 2. If you can see past all the really bad Australian voice acting, you'll enjoy it loads.Such a shame the developers got greedy, and made a ""season pass"" that doesnt add anything you really want. Seriously, a bunch of new characters? And you add them months and months after the game was released and we've finished the game long time ago. How many times do you want us to play through the entire story? Ffs."
,Recommended,261640,25123562,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Clone303,"Many hate this The Pre-Sequel over Borderlands 2 but i say it's many times better Borderlands and many times more fun for the Zero-G and for the sec Lazer weapons also you jump up and crash down/space + C to do damge too because it's Zero-G also really fun story about how Handson Jack go Evil in fact maybe after you going to dislike some of the characters from Borderlands 2, i know i do and other Claptastic Voyage DLC is really good and fun also love Lady Hammerlock, she is just here because she want fun by killing and by far the best sniper in Borderlands so give it a go, it's really fun, high recommend but also recommend to buy on sale for that's what smart people do, almost forget yea it's not as big as Borderlands 2 but stil okey big world"
,Recommended,261640,30515072,Posted: 14 March,all,Cubox,Yay!
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,261640,16920680,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,CrankyCoon,"I'm only giving this game a negative review for two reasons:1.  There is too much story in my FPS.  The NPCs talk forever and it gets old after awhile.  There were times I felt like the shooting was getting in the way of the talking.  I didn't care for the 2nd Borderlands games, so maybe this is to be expected now.  But the first game did not have this much talking.2.  Stupid ways to die.  I died in so many stupid ways it wasn't even funny.  It was annoying.  Dying is a part of a FPS game, but it just felt stupid in this case.Otherwise it's a great game.  I wouldn't have bought it unless it was on sale and I was able to get the DLC.  Is it worth full price?  Nope.  A Borderlands game is never worth full price because of the DLC.So wait for another sale and pick up the whole thing again.  The characters, the classes, the guns, etc. are all great if you can get past the endless talking and stupid deaths."
,Not Recommended,261640,30640773,Posted: 20 March,all,Mackledog,"I big swing and a miss from the developer. It is not a bad game, it is just a bad borderlands game. Huge areas with not much to do in them.I found that the addition of the O2 simply became annoying to try to manage. vastly less amounts of loot than the first two games.The campaign is also very short. The campaign is a lot more fun multiplayer, as the difficulty makes single player nigh impossible to beat without lots of grinding."
76561198130677561,Recommended,261640,25428843,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Eichel:76,nice but really short for an Borderlands game
76561198218158083,Recommended,261640,25432865,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yam©,I love it.
,Not Recommended,261640,20859627,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Fugus,"Over, it is so-so from what I have played so far. The gameplay itself is pretty decent and the story looks like it might be pretty good too given what I have seen so far. But major glaring issues.- To say this is an Australian game is an understatement, this is austrailian to the point they parodied themselves. Everyone but the main characters from the other borderlands sounds like they took speech classes from Crocodile Dundee with a majority of the humor done the same way so you will miss a lot of what was said unless you know a little about their humor. This game is Australian to the point that if a US based company had tried to make this game, they would have probably caught some legal trouble for making fun of them. I am playing as Nisha and her melee attack is a friggin whip.- The game itself has been fairly easy so far, you die more to jumping in lava or chasms (Even died once where I tried to jump on what I thought was a path only to find out it was just for show at the edge of the map and fell through)  than you do from enemy fire it feels like. Also, I hate the oxygen aspect of this game even more than I hated Slag in part 2.- The Grinder, while a decent idea, just doesn't seem fleshed out enough to me, you will understand when you use it.- The Skill trees just feel like they are all over the place to me for all the characters but Nisha (whole reason I chose her). The old games the skills had defined ways to play and it showed, these feel all over the place and too much emphasis on skills that wind up and cool down after combat with 20 different names for the stacks of the buff or debuff. You can pull up the talent calculator if you want to know what I mean.- The butt drop attack honestly feels a little awkward for the game and tacked on to me.The main reason why I still give this a thumbs up is it still plays like Borderlands and is at least somewhat entertaining but the humor is getting old rather quick. This game is not worth full price by any stretch of the imagination, get it on sale if at all.This game makes me wish they had a neutral decision on if you would recommend or not as I couldn't really recommend it to others outright unless they are just played out of the other borderlands games and want another and I can't really say it isn't worth playing at all as the storyline itself kinda makes it seem like it is worth the first playthrough at least. But I am still working my way through it and can't so for sure whether it will be truly worth it for the storyline. This honestly feels it should have been a DLC for part 2, not a full on game.UPDATE:I have tried to give this game every chance, I have left and came back to it and still can't get myself to get into it. Changing my thumbs up to a thumbs down. Even to a borderlands fan, I just can't find it worth the value.The game play mechanics on it overall aren't that bad minus the oxygen and butt drop mechanics. It is a little easier than i would like but otherwise fine. But the storyline just isn't there from what I can tell so far, the humor isn't there, and the talent trees just don't seem right to me. And dear god the voices get grating at times, especially that little boy Napykins Lunestalker when you kill his dad. Makes you want to mute the whole game.At this point, I am kinda hoping they figure out a way to remove this from the borderlands storyline entirely and write it off as Athena lying to the vault hunters or losing her mind or something. Overall feels like they ruined a lot of potential in a what could have been a very good backstory. Still going to finish at least one playthrough though just see what all is going on before I move onto the Tell Tale game.UPDATE #2: Finished the main story and have to definitely give this a thumbs down.This takes place after Borderlands 1.It tries to make it look like Handsome Jack is actually a good guy at the beginning but ends up going bad after being repeatedly betrayed and screwed over by others including Lilith and Roland. The problem with this is the Echo on Borderlands 2 already prove he was an evil person with how he locked his own daughter up and how he talked to her while doing it.It  also tries to make Lilith and Moxxi much more evil than they really are. Tries to turn Lilith into a stone cold backstabbing killer and while she is a killer she still had morals to her in the other games which was thrown out the window entirely for this one to the point Brick was telling her to calm down and she wasn't acting like herself.Then the ending which I won't spoil doesn't fit the Borderlands theme at all.So as my final update and verdict. The story doesn't fit the Borderlands them in both style and has the continuity error for when Jack went bad which ruins the premise of the whole game, the other characters don't fit their types in this game and the overall game just doesn't fit.It honestly feels more like a 1980's movie's themed fan fiction than an actual Borderlands game.Sorry, but I just can't recommend this game and I hope they wipe it out from the official borderlands storyline as well."
,Recommended,261640,20986445,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,George Foreman Grill,its in space this timepretty gg
,Recommended,261640,21981146,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Brucemather,"One of my favourite videogames series, great humour, lot of action, really nice characters... Hours and hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,261640,14476246,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,mavna,Thank you for supporting Linux with this awesome game! I found my new addiction.
,Not Recommended,261640,17651401,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[Wiskie],More DLC PLEASE.
,Recommended,261640,19852132,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Papa Pacha,"I got to work with a defective robot maid that wants to slaughter the germs in a Germaggedon and orders me to fetch her robot-maid servants to recruit more robots for the Germpocolypse. I passed the level using a shotgun that neighs like a horse when I fire it, and it slaughters enemy by bathing them in fire, electrocuting them, and freezing their♥♥♥♥♥♥off.After this, along with my talking trashcan on wheels we all know as a CL4P-TP unit, we tried to hack into a terminal using many different methods. Never in my life have I ever felt the experience that I did when I was first called a racist hot dog. The Truxicans can't read, and they snort mustard and ketchup to continue to fuel their bloodlust of killing puppies. I know that one day the President of Hyperion, Handsome Jack, will build a wall to keep all the Truxicans from immigrating to Pandora. We cannot continue to work with the Truxicans. They steal our jobs and violate our weapons.I wish I could say I made this up, but this is all in-game. Do what you want with this information.14/10 would work for germaphobe robot while yelling swear words at unknown race as a hotdog again."
,Recommended,261640,16339767,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Yosktpe,10/10 IGN
76561198100408897,Recommended,261640,21541510,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Riki100%,"It is as good as borderland2Yes as good asIt is like borderland2+space but this is what I like because this is what borderland should beI recommend you to play borderland and borderland2 then try this oneAdvantages:1.Have all advantages of borderland22.Fight in space is quite fun3.Good details ie. You cannot catch fire in spcae4.New laser weapons and ice weapons are quite good5.You can use Jack and claptrap lol6.The character you are controling can speak sometimes(I like this)Disadvantages:1.The game is like another DLC for borderland2(huge DLC lol)2.Some skills is a little useless(my own opion)3.Some missions take you too much time and they are not worht for the timeOverall, it is a good gameA perfect game for playing with your friends"
76561198022452045,Recommended,261640,12499309,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Oaky Afterbirth,Can skip the into cinematics 10/10 (I'm looking at you Shadows of Middle-Earth)
,Not Recommended,261640,14159527,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"An uninspired ""sequel"" but there's some fun to be had.  Don't buy this for full price, wait for a sale.6/10Borderlands 2 > Borderlands 1 >>>>> This"
,Recommended,261640,32088448,Posted: 31 May,all,whip dat hoe,"Not a Borderland 2, but alright. Buy it on sale because its too short for the full price."
76561198248878040,Recommended,261640,28196474,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,yo boi,"Alright.... Where do I start...Do I want my money back? No. Did I have fun? Yeah. Was it painful to watch your favorite game stripped of it's humor and charm? Also yes. The new classes were the reason I kept going. I had to switch from Athena to Wilhelm though because I couldn't take Athena's bland ""voice-acting"" and ""character development"", assuming there was any. Look, I guess I enjoyed myself, but when I opened up borderlands 2 for the first time since I bought the pre-sequel, I realized what I was missing."
,Not Recommended,261640,17700797,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ginger Baker,"This has got to be the least fun of the whole series. I just don't seem to get engaged with it like I did the others. It's no longer funny to me. Also, in the early stages it's difficult so I find my self struggling where I would be rolling right along. So, I'm going to put it down and play something more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,261640,35480831,Posted: 4 October,all,Jester,"The FPS/looter side is fun.The writing is atrocious. Clearly cared more about moral peacockery than actual content. I didn't laugh, only cringed, Completely unfunny.I can get FPS/looter fun just about anywhere, Borderlands is defined by it's attitude. This is Borderlands in name only. :(Sad to see a good franchise face-plant so hard."
,Recommended,261640,21986622,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mugros,"More Borderlands, nothing more, nothing less."
,Recommended,261640,29817194,Posted: 9 February,all,Schnell ball 💕,"You can PLAY CL4P-TP need i say anymore. ""looook im dancing, im dancing haha"""
,Recommended,261640,24018934,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rob,"So, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.. What can I say about this absolute treasure. I held off for a while and waited for the price to crash as I had saw bad reviews of this game online and from other friends, what more can I say though. I had purchased it a few days ago and have been playing it daily. The graphics of the environment are absolutely insane! You can watch a moon get blown up by a giant moon slaughtering LASER!If you loved Borderlands 1 and 2. I would definately ignore reviews of this game until you actually get a hold of it yourself.In my opinion of the years of playing Borderlands, this has to be the best Borderlands game that I have played.Still waiting to play Tales of the Borderlands though.Overall rating for this game: 10/10."
76561198066414443,Recommended,261640,12495270,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Brad Schnad,"Borderlands; The Pre-Sequel is an excellent addition to the Borderlands series. And to dismiss the thought that this is nothing more than a giant DLC for Borderlands 2 I would compare it to Fallout 3 and Fallout: New Vegas. Although Fallout: New Vegas looked like Fallout 3 it brought a lot of new content a features to the Fallout series and it is the same thing with Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.PROS:For the pros I will look at the things they've added to the games that are pros. For starters both the new laser weapons and ice elemental are home runs, They fit beautifully into the Borderlands series and are very fun to use. There's nothing more satisfying than than shattering a frozen enemy. All four of the new characters are fun to play as and bring a unique playstyle to the game. The new dialouge for the characters that you are playing brings them to life as they actually respond to what NPC's are saying to them. The low grav and subsequent butt slam are very fun game mechanics and give the player a multitude of new options when engaging enemies. The scaling of both the player's and enemies' helath and damage are a sort of hybrid between Borderlands and Borderlands 2 and works much better than the at times insane scaling of Borderlands 2. The moon setting feels unique and not simply a re-skin of Borderlands 2 landscapes. I understand that everyone on the Elpis having Austrailian accents is due to the fact that it was made by 2K Austrailia, but it makes Elpis feel like its own place, separate from Pandora.CONS:The only real problem I have come across is that sometimes with the newly added verticality the waypoint can be diffucult to find. One other problem is that I am not sure how they will integrate the low grav and butt slam into future games that might not be set on Elpis."
,Not Recommended,261640,12494976,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TheNocturnalPlay/Twitch,"Nothing like the first two, anyone purchasing this with a love for the franchise will be massively dissapointed. I looked forward to this for months and when me and 3 friends hooked up and played we beat it in 16 hours and about an hour in started the complaining and not once let up. It made us sad and completely forget about buying the season pass as no amount of DLC can fix unless for free they gave you a new game. Ways to fix: Give us these characters to play in Borderlands 2. And by that will fix it it means it will give me an option to choose from when wanting to play these characters. Oh, and the ""comedy"" in this game made us all cringe and furious. Not one actual chuckle as opposed to full on laughter in the pass"
,Recommended,261640,12815769,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sarahanne,Why do I still see people not playing this? Stop it!
,Not Recommended,261640,12500410,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,swag lord,Borderlands the Pre-Sequel:*Has to travel to ancient Rome and back**Flies off a ♥♥♥♥ing cliff and explodes*Imagine doing this over and over. With a blue filter sown in front of your eyes.
76561198057575256,Not Recommended,261640,12507520,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Doc,to be honest i thought it would be a lot better
76561198067214079,Not Recommended,261640,12507381,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Blndbot,"For Starters - If you are expecting a Brand New Game with a new System and many new Game Features, Your Gonna Have a Bad Time...The Good:+ New Character Classes that Feel New+ Low Gravity Fun+ Does Not Seem As Difficult Playing Solo as it did in Borderlands 2+ LAZERS !!!!!!!!!+ Your Characters Actually Have Dialogue+ Jack is just as Entertaining as AlwaysThe Bad:+ Extremley Slow Start+ Large Areas, that are Really Anoying Running Around all Over the Place+ Lack of Interesting Bosses+ Feels like they try way too hard to be funny.+ Gets to a Point where you have to Quit Playing Story Missions due to being under leveled - Due to Loot being 2 or 3 levels higher than you.+ No Slag ???? or No Slag Clone???+ Just feels like Borderlands 2 again, accept they brought in a 2nd DLC round. Not really Worth the $60."
,Not Recommended,261640,12696930,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,the Quackin,if you ask me its to small there its a very small map with about 17 fast traveles (from what iv seen) and the storyline is easy if you want a big game get borderlands 2 or fallout because its a small game
,Not Recommended,261640,12788445,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,WaxxFetish,One would think a Borderlands game can't be screwed up.Surprise surprise.A major letdown on all possible fronts.
,Not Recommended,261640,34041813,Posted: 5 August,all,Alba6rek,"if i must select between 2 choices ""Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel"" and ""Borderlands 2"".i will chose borderlands 2.i dont say this game is bad. but i dont like it."
,Not Recommended,261640,22290706,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,"Lint, Total Eclipse of the",I really hate space Australia.
,Not Recommended,261640,18160117,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Etup,dont do it
76561198065242931,Not Recommended,261640,30547659,Posted: 16 March,all,Gesith,Why does the season pass never go on sale for more than 50% off? It screws over those of us who actually bought the base game near release.
,Not Recommended,261640,30544881,Posted: 16 March,all,DASman,"its fun, but less content then borderlands 2, if you love it youll get bored of this one fast."
,Not Recommended,261640,13612964,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Honey Badger,Top 5 reasons why this game shouldn't even cost money.1) Its♥♥♥♥♥♥2)http://puu.sh/dK5S2/907e6a9881.pngRuns on 32bit yet Im using 64 bit.3)It's a reskin.4)The story is as interesting as a family reunion.5)Crashes like paul walker.Don't buy it unless you want your graphics card to end up looking like much bunch on the bottom of your case as It is optimized worse than arma 2.
,Not Recommended,261640,12708503,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MR.27234,if you like a game that crashes alot then this is your game but if you want a working game then go eleswhere
76561198000686733,Not Recommended,261640,12806058,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Azwethinkweiz,Do not pay full price for this DLC of BL2.
,Not Recommended,261640,25429097,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ツネシデース,"I saw a review which describes this ""game"" perfectly well. It started with ""How deep the writers can shove their heads up their bums"", but unfortunately, i'm unable to find it anywhere now, so i'll give a quick sum-up:Cons-repetitive gameplay-none of protagonists have interesting personalities (They are just psychos, that's the only thing you need to know)-even more stupid BS internet culture references-jokes bordering on racism (Because australians do not know what an actual humor is, apparently)-australian accents, again-speaking of accents, MOTHERFUDGING PICKLE-non-existent storyline (Betrayal at Hyperion cannon presented as an @sspull rather than a cruel twist. Seriously, Original Vaulthunters had NO reason so far to betray Jack, what the hell is this rubbish?)-season pass is NOT worth it (Base game itself is overprised, even)-no optimisation-one-time bosses (Didn't get your legendary? Too bad b!tch, soft-reset your game and grind again!)Pros-Claptastic Voyage DLC is fabulous.-2K Australia was closed down after making the last DLC, and now it's employees went back dryhumping kangaroos in the desert.Is the last joke was unnecessary offensive? Maybe.Is this game so stupid it offends anyone with atleast one half of brain functioning? Certainly.I dont know about you, but i'm drinking tonight."
,Recommended,261640,12503665,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Brovah,"It basically combines the amazing parts of the first game along with the weapons and characters of the second game. Claptrap as a playable vault hunter is possibly the greatest thing to ever happen to the series as well. People may complain about how seemingly random the options are but with the fact that 1. His special doesn't last all that long and 2. It refreshes after nearly 40 or so seconds. Not having to manage air is great as well, laughing at other people dying of Oxygen deprivation is always fun. The only way the game could get any better would be to play as Mr.Torgue himself. Also the moon is apparently Pandora's equivelant of Australia."
76561197983022110,Not Recommended,261640,12865674,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bobalobmitchell,"As Jack would say ""Aw come on! Is that it?!""Im only level 26 and its over already? Disappointingly short to say the least! Now I see why others are saying it should have been released as a DLC instead!"
76561198041874815,Not Recommended,261640,31676817,Posted: 10 May,all,Skuzzles,"My biggest issue is the lack of challenge, especially if you've picked lawbringer, *aimbot intensifies*.And with the poor replay value this game has, you wont want to go into the 'true valut hunter' mode.The only thing i can praise this game about is the environments, really well done, kinda too good for a BL game. (cause you don't spend alot of time in them)Side note: as an aussie, you can really tell this game was made by an australian company, very much bleeds into the writing. (not neccessarily a good/bad thing)I got this game for $6 US, i think this game is worth up to $20 US, not above.  Hence the not recommended."
,Not Recommended,261640,29111041,Posted: 8 January,all,Sokolov,"i7-4790k, GTX 1080, Samsung 950 2280- Crashes- Exploration is poor, got behind a lava waterfall and was rewarded by falling through the ground to death. In previous games there would be a chest there or something.- Austrailian accents really don't fit with the space atmosphere. Heavy usage of ""blokes"" and ""bloody hell"".- Lots of pointless running, quests will ping pong you across entire zones.- Cringeworthy dialog. ""Friend zone"" in particuilar was just horrible.- Boring."
,Not Recommended,261640,21989226,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jason150,the graphics engine still sucks
,Recommended,261640,12506302,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,God,nice
,Recommended,261640,12496654,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Biglett,"Borderlands 2 is my favorite video game of all time and this game is a very excellent addition to it. The Pre-Sequel is more like Borderlands 2: Episode 2. Like a super long DLC/ add on to the original game. In this sence the game plays the same and feels the same, while brining a new story line and new characters and dialogue etc. If you liked BL2, then pick this game up!~~As of writing this review I have completed playthrough one and done almost all the side quests as Misha playing, all while playing solo~~"
,Recommended,261640,12507120,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,K E I S E R,Best game ever
76561198093600189,Recommended,261640,12495581,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TastyWhaleMeat,Awesome so far. Another success from the Borderlands team.
76561198073396542,Recommended,261640,12498619,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FrodoFragins,"This is more of an expansion rather than a full game. The storyline isn't nearly as long or filled as the Borderlands 1 or 2 games. Less places to travel and less diversity as well. Still... It is a very good game capturing the Borderlands 2 esque play.   Explosions, jokes, and lunatic bandits raving about poop trains. This game has some bugs in release that we saw in Borderlands 2. Such as quests getting stuck where you could not complete them. I expect those to be fixed. Also with more added to this game through DLC and season pass I beleive it can become a better game than it is."
,Not Recommended,261640,13989539,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,A Teddy 🅱️ear,Still better than Twilight.
76561198046650077,Recommended,261640,12719439,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Eternal President Uncle Slam,"Its got 4 completely new and unique classes to play which is AWESOME!  Bl2 was pretty much the same classes, but slightly tweaked, so thats VERY FUN.  The low gravity at first you might think its going to suck, but after you play the game you start to HATE when the gravity gets turned back on.  The main story is just as long as bl2s so dont worry about those numb nuts saying this is a glorified dlc.  Sure it re uses alot of the same objects from bl2, but if its fun and it keeps you entertained why does that matter?  Water is just recycled♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its still GOOD AS♥♥♥♥♥♥to drink.  YEAH I WENT THERE!  WHAT U GUNNA DO ABOUT IT!!!!   ALSO BUTTSLAMS!"
,Not Recommended,261640,24150404,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fibericon,"I'm sure they thought the whole moon business was going to be awesome. Honestly, the low gravity is just annoying, and the audio filter that muffles everything when you're outside is even worse. It really dampens my enjoyment of a series I happen to like a lot."
,Recommended,261640,32593112,Posted: 20 June,all,bigtwerk,randy pitchford... epic
,Recommended,261640,12513409,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,salt life,I love memes
76561198086882637,Recommended,261640,22789341,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CargoPantsGuy,"A game with mediocre characters barely worth remembering and humor as dry as the desert from the country it is based on, the story and gameplay are all that drives this game forward. Despite what many have said, the story in the Pre-Sequel is suprisingly enjoyable. Sure, it wasn't the best one they have done, but it was nevertheless engaging and enjoyable to follow. The sidequests were, on the other hand, unfortunatly barely worth doing and very few come to mind that were humourous, creative, and original. Thankfully, there are some special weapons that are rewarded from some quests that make them doing worth while. Shame that was my only motivation doing them.The gameplay was, suprisingly, a thrill to play. Introducing lazers, a Zero Gravity Enviorment, and butt slams, this addition to the series was highly enjoyable. I found myself as a lazer-based class (Wilhelm) while buttslamming scavs from 50 meters in the air, and I enjoyed it quite a bit to say the least. Also, the option to use the Grinder, a machine that can combine items into something better, was a neat little addition to the game. A big downside, however, was the character skills. It felt rushed, unexciting, and focused more of co-op gameplay mechanics (E.g, Claptrap.) Not that I have a problem with co-op skills, it just felt punishing towards players who focus on Solo games rather than the Multiplayer, despite the fact that the franchise was largely known for it's drop in, drop out co-op. Borderlands 2 was fun for both Solo AND Multiplayer characters, and that is what I enjoyed most about it. Another downside was lack of respawnable bosses, which dimminishes the game's replay value with a single character. But I have spoken too long on the gameplay, so lets go right to the story.The story, although stale at first, shines as being one of the more interesting stories in the Borderlands series. Regardless if you thought that Borderlands 2 was 10x better than the Pre-Sequel's, it was nonetheless enjoyable for me. It drove me to keep playing to see what will happen during the next mission. I wanted to see Jack go from Zero to Anti-hero. It was great, and the main protagonist dialogue was a treat as well, especially Claptrap's lines. As I stated in my first paragraph, the sidequests were forgettable and mediocre, which is disappointing for a Borderlands game. The humor gave me the occasional chuckle, and the rare ""LMAO"" moment, while the rest were either unfunny, ""meh,"" or even cringe-worthy. That is a big turn off from a series built on it's humor and clever dialogue.The DLC is probably the biggest turn off of the series, and here's why;The studio had it's plug pulled after the negative responses from gamers and critics alike over the game. Which is a damn shame, since the Claptastic Voyage was a gem to play, rivaling that of Tiny Tina's Raid on Dragon's Keep from Borderlands 2. If they had kept going and had more time to extend the life of the game, maybe, just maybe, they would have redeemed the game. At least the studio, despite their game being hailed as the most disappointing installment, went out strong, and I commend them for that. Sure, the rest of the DLC is ""meh"" compared to Borderlands 2, but it is still worth checking out, along with the two Vault Hunter DLCs.OVERALL:If you wish to play a Borderlands game filled with mediocre humor, innovative gameplay, fun story but forgetable characters and sidequests, then this game will satisfy you until the next installment comes out. You may not spend as much time on this game as you did in Borderlands 2, but it will occupy you for a good 30-40 hours depending on your pacing ingame. I'd get this game on sale or at♥♥♥♥♥s website. Other than that, i'd wait until then.Rating: 7/10, a game that lacks from the previous installment yet is enjoyable nonetheless."
,Recommended,261640,12689928,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,"One Batch, Two Batch","Nearing 50 hours, i figure i'll give my thoughts on the game so far.First thing's first, The Pre-sequel is it's own game, not a huge BL2 DLC, so let's get that straight, there's tons of content and it's still only the base game  right now. The story has been better than both BL and BL2. The combat is far more enjoyable. Characters are still fun as always. Both playable and non-playable. Another thing it did better than the previous games is the loot scaling. You can get a legendary and it can last you a good 8 levels or so. You can get a purple to last you 5 or 6 and a blue to last you a good 3 or 4 and you get to be overpowered in end-game (while there still being a challenge from what i've seen, i've still not experienced it all yet), finally.I have a few problems with it though.-Some bosses don't respawn. (i hope soon to be patched as it's a borderlands staple, come on now)-No playthrough resets yet.-The moon doesnt allow for as many settings as Borderlands 2 has.I'm hoping they fix the boss respawns so i can go farm uniques and legendaries via save&quit as opposed to alt+f4ing and that DLC adds a few more settings to the game.Overall i'd rate it a 7 out of 10 right now (change is possible when DLC is added). Its fun but it wont hold me for as long as Borderlands 2 did, and that's fine. The game length is supposed to be like that too. I'd still recommend it to Vault Hunters out there, however i'd wait until a sale if you're not keen or sure about purchasing it, however, i feel it was very well worth it.Happy looting. :)"
,Recommended,261640,12509059,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Vacouz,nuff said
,Recommended,261640,12509360,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,xMR_FRODOx,BUTTSLAM!!!!!!! nuff said
76561198015326246,Recommended,261640,12513825,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,UpcoRaul,"At first I was super exited for this game. After watching some gameplay I thought: This looks pretty much the same as the other Borderlands game... and then I read the article about BL:PS being smaller than BL2. Everything was making this game worse and worse and when the moment of truth came... the game redeemed itself.First of all, the gameplay, although similar to all the other Borderlands games (you know, you just... shoot and kill stuff) the new Butt-slam, low gravity mechanics add much more to the game. You feel an amazing amount of freedom to move and go wherever you want! Yes, even that lava cave... though I wouldn't recommend going there. Also, compared to BL2, this game felt much more challenging. I mean, the skill abilities are not bad (they're in fact the life savers of the game) but the thing is all the enemies are a level down or up of yours, making the battles more intense and challenging.Speaking of intense, the AI in the game adds up for the difficulty. When you throw a grenade at a bunch of enemies, their first reaction is to jump and boost away. Have you got any idea of how many grenades I wasted because of that? I had to think where to throw the grenade so it's range would reach the enemies. Also, many enemies have got shields and, in my case, BL2 had me change through elemental weapons very few times, while the pre-sequel made me swap to an electric gun to lower a shield, then switch to fire so the enemy died quicker. Same with corrossion, and CRYO weapons.Cryo weapons. The best thing about the game. You have no idea of how fun it is to just freeze and enemy in place and then smack it and watch it obliterate to the distance. It is very fun and, in the case of Athena, depending on how high or low you swing her sword, the ice will cut and shatter, it's a nice detail.The boss fights are harder, but not impossible. You just gotta keep shooting with different weapons and find out which one gets the job done better or faster... or both, you know, that's kind of what you want.The missions are cool and interesting and they add a lot to the Borderlands Lore, listening to the different stories, the ECHO's, what happened here, why isn't this anymore after the events of the BL:PS, yadda yadda yadda. Much fun, lots of references (my favourite one being the Ghost Busters one) and funny dialogues!The vehicles are okay, nothing different from the rest of the Borderlands ALTHOUGH... the new hover bikes are AMAZING. It is kind of difficult to learn to drive but once you get the hang of it (and you will, trust me) You will be able to go, pretty much, wherever you want!The only thing I must mention is that sometimes, at some points, I ran out of good ""guns"" so to speak. I had this cool cryo-weapon lvl 12 and didn't get a better one until lvl 24. So yeah, it's hard to run by good weapons, but still, I must say the looting system is way better than BL2.===DANGER, POSSIBLE SPOILERS===Story wise, the game can really call itself a PRE-SEQUEL. I mean, we get to know why Jack became evil, why he got his mask, why did he know there was another Vault on Pandora, how Claptrap survives his entire ""robot-race"" extermination, etc. Seriously, I'm not complaining, a lot of storyholes get filled... buuuut I was kind of expecting something else. Don't get me wrong, I loved the story, every single part of it. But I also expected watching other characters, for example, Angel... I kind of wanted to see Axton, you know, him being a DAHL soldier and stuff and maybe get a glimpse or a cameo of the BL2 Vault Hunters. Also it would've been great to meet another siren but, I guess that's for another occassion.That's all I can think of so I'd give this game a 9.0/10 TAKING INTO ACCOUNT YOU LIKE RPGs and going on missions while shooting stuff. This is a game any Borderlands fan will definitely enjoy and all the new players will have fun with... because, come on, you can't tell me you don't want to shoot laser guns... right? And it is DEFINITELY better playing with friends. Trust me: Better loot, more enemies, and more fun.Gameplay +Boosting with Oz adds much more freedom and exploration chances +Loot System + (better than BL2)Story and Lore Rich +Great Character Skills +Vault Hunters dialogue interaction +Vehicles +Some plot holes still left unanswered (not sure if intentionally or might be answered later on a DLC) +/-Hard to find better weapons/equipment -"
76561198259980862,Recommended,261640,25516999,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,citizen Lynch,;)
,Not Recommended,261640,23346926,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,CreamSoda,"Absolute garbage compared to the first two. While the defining gunplay is still fun, the maps are confusing and the missions unthoughout and varying wildly in difficulty. Overall feels like a fast tracked game that was rushed to make another big sale for the publisher."
,Not Recommended,261640,21986346,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,forgive me father for i have sin,Died more times than having been laid IRL by Gerald 10/10 would not recommend.
76561198047008556,Not Recommended,261640,21931645,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,susluv,I just robbed Randy Pitchford.
,Not Recommended,261640,14307777,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,UndeadInfidel,"This is the worst Borderlands yet.  It's impossible to find any decent loot, and impossible to beat bosses solo on the second playthrough because of this.  I found it very rare to find a weapon that I could actually use, much less consistently keep with my level throughout my playthrough.  I want loot, not annoying difficulty levels due to the complete lack of it.  Fail."
,Not Recommended,261640,23078107,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ｃｒｏｃｏｄｉｌｅ,"This game is atrocious. It's pretty much just Borderlands 2 but with excess♥♥♥♥♥♥hanging off it. The story writing is also all over the place and for me, the animations kept bugging out. I cannot recommend this to anyone, unless you really like Borderlands 2, in which case just go back and play that again."
,Recommended,261640,31817446,Posted: 17 May,all,Lord Biscuit,♥♥♥♥♥game. Not even worth 10$
,Not Recommended,261640,12839568,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kaliber,"I have and will have more fun with this game, but as a HUGE Borderlands. It doesn't cut it. Non-Respawnable enemies, the same legendaries, a shorter game than both BL1 and BL2, it was $60 for something thats maybe worth $40 and any not pre established is Australian, 2K Australia could have mixed it up like the  previous games did."
76561198015233093,Recommended,261640,16988015,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,[TLV]BLAZZER,THIS GAME ROCKS  all people should have this game  even the ones without PC's.
76561198025915804,Not Recommended,261640,29691707,Posted: 4 February,all,Huzzbutt,"Uninteresting characters, unengaging plot etc. It will forever be in the pile of games I see no reason to finish."
76561198071566060,Not Recommended,261640,24093162,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Воробушек,"Game tries selling you more stuff from the first screen. Gameplay feels like wading through a field of mud. Vehicle controls are, for some reason, even worse than in BL2 (how is this even possible?). Yes, the game plays on a moon, but the novelty wears off quick. One of the vault hunters messes up your controls at will. The good old BL-style humour starts right from the first levels, and it's even more forced than before.I got to the third ""boss"" and can't find it in myself to go any further. There is too much ""lolz"" and not enough fun in the game. Shame, because at least it looks good.I wish I could refund it, but I couldn't play it immediately after buying."
,Recommended,261640,12689208,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,RexAsaurVexツ,Would I recommend this game to Everybody? No. Because not everybody is BAD A** enough to understand it. So do you have a chance... I don't know but hey test it
76561198103635105,Not Recommended,261640,14002029,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Postman Pat,Good game but It's not like borderlands or borderlands 2 because playing the levels over and over gets tiring I don't know why but it becomes not fun after about 20-26 hours (the end of the game)So overall waste of money and ripoff
,Not Recommended,261640,15605097,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Gaming Slug,THIS SUCKS♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,261640,32003816,Posted: 27 May,all,Glacius,"Incredibly disappointing compared to Borderlands 2...Doesn't even feel like the same game.The guns feel weaker and less unique..The air system is incredibly pointless, because you almost always have air anyways..The voice acting is GRATING.. Even Australians would hate Australian accents after playing this game for more than an hour.The comedy is lacking... I had a mildly entertained chuckle at 1-2 lines, but it's just not on the same level as previous games. Not even close.I probably will never finish it. It's completely not worth it. Just play some BL2 DLC instead. It's better. :|"
,Not Recommended,261640,25188933,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TakenRain™,"I have tried to enjoy this game, but I simply can't, it's a really♥♥♥♥♥♥reskinned version of borderlansd 2. This game just has boring classes and boring missions, the level design is really boring, and the jump and oxygen mechanic is really crappy aswell. Only cool thing in this game is the weapons"
,Recommended,261640,17307772,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,MaRTy,Review it for more do for my steam
,Recommended,261640,17308395,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,AgonyLB,sweet
76561197970531505,Recommended,261640,17308927,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,tdutton,"Good, but not as goood as BL2. Im not sure why i feel that way, tho.If you liked BL2 I'd recomend it. If its on sale its a no-brainer."
,Not Recommended,261640,22520035,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,McDanger,"Theres nothing wrong with this game, it just didnt feel as fun as Borderlands 1.  Got bored pretty fast."
,Not Recommended,261640,13244412,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jopez,"I am a huge fan of the first two games of Borderlands, so naturally I would buy this one as soon as it was released. I felt robbed. The game is such a lackluster in a great series that I can't help but feel very, very disappointed. It is still worth to get from a sale, but do not expect the game to be nearly as good as the previous ones."
76561198015466511,Not Recommended,261640,28501358,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,caesarlike,"So played Borderlands 2, which was brilliant, then got BL3 Pre-Sequel.  They should have named this game BORINGlands the Pre-Sequel.  To say this game is boring is like saying water is a little bit wet.  BL3 is turely one of the most boring games I have ever played.  The characters are lifeless and insipid.  The music is like elevator music, dull, pointless, and designed to be totally NOT exciting.  Its the kind of music I imagine they play for meditation, or people with insomnia.  Put simply, if you think this game is anything like BL2, then don't.  It might look like the style of BL2, but this game is a watered down, lifeless, and completely BORING shadow of its fore runner.  Don't waste your time, and especially, don't waste your money, and spare yourself the disapointment."
,Recommended,261640,12837874,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Jeff,"You can play as Claptrap, there is no reason why you shouldn't buy this"
,Not Recommended,261640,34198258,Posted: 12 August,all,Chief Queef,"An incredible disappointment. It pains me to give this thumbs down but as a fan of the series the truth must be said. I've logged hundreds of hours, wasted entire summers, done multiple combos and builds in the first two games and loved almost every minute of it. This game has literally no content. There is no end game content. Stop rationalizing. All the dlc's should have been included in the original release and even then I cannot imagine leveling another character to 70 again.It was and is that boring.No humor. It is hard to imagine that since the first two games were hysterical. I believe I chuckled once or twice in the games entirty. Sure, it's the same voice actors but it's clear these are not the same writers. They traded an interesting script and dialogue for some politiclly correct nonsense while spending a great deal of the story making sure you are aware what sexual preference everyone on Elpis prefers.As far as memorable characters or quests? King Greg? Peepot, maybe? Nope. All forgetable. The only thing that kept my interest for about a hundred hours was Wilhelm. He was a blast to play for a couple dozen playthroughs but as I mentioned earlier the lack of content in this game is appalling. I'd like to try out Athena or perhaps Jack but it feels more of a chore than anything to slog through this story and content again. Obviously I got my moneys worth but I'm still upset with what this game should and could have been. At least the studio behind this dissolved so I take some solace in that. Buy it on sale or maybe if you are new to the franchise but as a fan, it is a slap in the face. Still stings."
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,261640,28148984,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,fjk1138,"I never cared that much for the first two Borderlands games, but compared to this one they are works of art.  This game sucks in every way possible:  The level design is crap and confusing, the combat blows, the vehicles are pretty useless, the traits once you do level up are pretty worthless, and I get so sick and tired of that crap animation of your character ""recompositing"" at a given waypoint.I have no patience for this crap game whatsoever - it's not even worth getting it on sale.  And I got it on sale..."
76561198058442015,Recommended,261640,30387937,Posted: 8 March,all,gallifrey,"A positive review definitely but but overall a drop in standards compared to Borderlands 1 and 2.It wasn't all bad  (minor spoilers follow - but a review has to tell you about the game).THE GOOD STUFF1)  Lasers.  Accurate, always elemental effects, and coming in a choice of high power or high fire rate by the end these became my default weapon.2)  Tougher enemy. They are more accurate at long range and their close range fighters are aggressive and fast.  No longer can you stay at range and pick off every enemy with a sniper rifle (although sniper rifles are still very useful in the game).  The AI is far better at using cover too.3)  New characters.  I played as Wilhelm whose combination of attack drone and heal drone kept me alive through some sticky situations.4)  There's about half a dozen really good set battles in the game- predominantly the boss battles.5)  The final level enemies are particularly strong.  Having the correct elemental choice becomes an essential more than an option.  You'll end up choosing your weapons to have a variety of elemental effects immediately available.6)  The airless game element encourages more aggressive play from the player.  Since dead enemies often drop air tanks there is a greater incentive to get in close.7) Handsome Jack.  Your now employer is a more stimulating and equivocal personality than in Borderlands 2.8)  Final battle is suitably epic.THE BAD STUFF1)  Confusing map layout.  A couple of early missions I abandoned because I simply couldn't find my way through the map to the destination.2)  Very few in game spawn points on quitting.  I played through the same quite tough section a dozen times or more trying to find my way through a series of platforms.  Finding the final exit from the map was a lucky guess because at first sight the exit point doesn't look like an exit.3)  Bad mission layout.  One mission required you to collect and donate 50 ordinary guns but the place where you donated was in the middle of a map and was guarded by hostiles.  It never seemed worth the effort.  Mission start points were often in the furthest corners of the map discouraging uptake.  Early in the game far too much emphasis on platforming.  In one of the early ""retrieve the Echo recorders"" missions the first recorder was in a location only accessible by jumping into a pressured steam vent and grabbing it.  The Steam vent was next to a lava channel so you died if you got the leap wrong.  There was only one spawn point per map (compared to up to four on Borderlands 2) which were roughly half the size on average of the Borderlands 2 maps so travelling around was difficult.  A racing game which plunged you into inaccessible terrain.4)  A far greater proportion of my deaths were falling into hostile terrain than in Borderlands 1 and 2.5)  No mention of Jack's daughter.  Where was she when all this was going down  ?  The pre-credit cut scene fails to take into account that when it happens Jack is guarded by up to four armed to the teeth Vault Hunters.6)  Puzzles where you have to find your way around inaccessible terrain (I resorted to Google a couple of times) are far more frustrating when you're regularly having to retreat to replenish air which you're expending rapidly in double jumps.7) Underuse of a mid game enemy - very fast, bullet sponges, good weapon skills.  Only present for one very small segment of the map.8)  Game was much shorter than Borderlands 2Borderlands is a great series and Borderlands The Pre Sequel is by no means a total failure.  If the developers went back to making mission start points more accessible players would get more out of the game.  I think in this case far too much use was made of inaccessible terrain and platforming which spoiled my enjoyment.  There's a central section played around a large transit centre/ shopping mall that has no deadly terrain, has air throughout and played closest to the original games and that's what I enjoyed best.For Borderlands 3: -1) Decide tone early on.  In Borderlands 2 the players veered from superhero type saviours to sadistic psychopaths rather uncomfortably.2) Make the vast majority of mission start points easily accessible to the player.3)  Don't have puzzles which require thought in areas where players can't stay for any length of time.4) Less inaccessible terrain.5)  Put in some effort on the story and the NPCs.  From the final (in time) cut scene the narrative is going in a particular direction but don't lose the series' unique collection of oddballs and weirdness.S.x."
76561197967805294,Not Recommended,261640,23662655,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Fatalis,"weakest out of all the BL. Very few side quests, which made BL1 and 2 so much fun bc you could always get so many powerful weapons.Drops royally suck, had the same gun for hours which is a big no no for BL.Gun slots stay around 2 for far too longClasses are boringHonestly, doesnt feel at all like BL, just a crappy shooter with the BL titles. Oh there is so much damn talking, not enough action!"
76561197978136853,Not Recommended,261640,18492768,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,RabidRat,A severely constipated elephant with fatal rotting internal injuries could not create a more putrefied vile gut wrenching disgusting worthless turd than this game is.
,Recommended,261640,16981471,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,^2GRAPES,I jacked off to Athena atleast three times! Thanks GearBox! ~Michael's important thoughts
76561198050461309,Recommended,261640,13460831,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,charmsy,Its like skyrim with guns.
,Recommended,261640,12509080,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Stev,It Aight
,Recommended,261640,12694596,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Lone Wolf the Irish Viking,"Before I start this review, please keep in mind I count TPS as an expansion rather then a full out game.So TPS is finally out, but does fall to the leaves for shame like Duke Nukem or Aliens or is it worth looking into? I will list the pros and cons of the game to answer that question.________________________________________________________________Pros+New element: Ice, which is a really good replacement for Slag.+Lasers weapons are well blanced and blast to shoot enemies with.+Moxxi’s drinks, which act like perks that are active for 30 min+Butt slams are blast to do+Story: The Prequel part. In the story, we get play from ""bad"" guys POV and see how and how Handsome Jack got to the way we see him in 2. On top of that, the boss in this game is one of the best bosses I fought in my gaming carrer and it has some good humor in it as well.+The playable characters,  each one is worth playing including Claptrap+This time you get your first skill point for your character's action skill at level 3(10-20 min into the game) instead of 5 (Borderlands 2-an hour or so into the game)Cons-The Story: the sequel part. For new comers its spoils 2's interesting story points and only teases what's to come for Borderlands 3.-No relics in this game; replaced by Oz packs-Oz Packs: If anything this mechanic gets a little annoying after a while. When run out of oxygen its get quite frantic to find an oxygen bubble or other such things to get oxygen back . This really does sucks because whenever you do a butt slam, it takes like half or more oxygen out.-Grinder; Its awesome concept, but it’s all guess work and you have to look the recipes up on the net and it shouldn’t have been like that. On top of that, you can’t grind purple items, this really does suck because you can’t grind whatever you got in the golden chest that you didnt like.-Fast Travel, a bit weak.-The environment gets pretty boring after while________________________________________________________________So it’s TPS worth getting? Yes and no. I would recommended TPS only to the people love Borderlands, but if I were you I would seriously suggest to wait and get it while it's on sale because the $60 is a bit much. I would not suggest this game for new comers because of the sequel part of the story. Likewise,I would suggest for newcomers to the Borderlands franchise to get the second one and get this during a sale.I give Borderlands:TPS and 8.5/10 and will update this review probably next year when all DLC is set and done."
76561198057764600,Recommended,261640,12704134,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Raezek,"Great game for those who have borderlands 2 or 1 or even those who are new to the franchise! Great experience for borderlands fans, explains everything about what happend BEFORE borderlands 2 including how handsome jack became so evil."
76561198012811174,Recommended,261640,12805346,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Konrad Curze,If you liked BL 1 and BL 2 you will like this.
,Recommended,261640,12855872,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pip-Boi,Fun
76561198087246100,Recommended,261640,12699097,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Small White Dildo,"i love this game cant wait for borderlands 3 or even 2.5, but the campain is kinda short but hopefully DLC can fix that"
76561198058445764,Recommended,261640,12513883,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Rob Holiday,"As a huge Borderlands fan (750+ hrs on BL2), I recommend this game, but not for $60.  Even $50 might be too much.It is shorter than BL2.  Not by a lot, but it is noticeable.  Completing all main and side missions on BL2 (not including arenas) on normal mode would get you to around level 32-33. On this game (pre-sequel) you end up around level 28-29.There are no more Loot Midgets or creatures to farm for legendary items. To make up for this, vending machines now have a much higher chance to offer legendary items. Around 1 for every 40-50 checks. This is both good and bad.  At the time of this writing, (41 hrs of play) I've farmed around 14 legendary items from vending machines, including a Celestial (legendary) Enforcer class mod, Dastardly Maggie and many cool Legendary Oz Kits. Oz kits replace relics from BL2.  They have upgrades like relics, but include oxygen stats too.GOOD: Vending machines now scale the level of the items to your level, no matter what area you are in.  You can go back to an early area and the vending machines are now at your level. So if you are ahead of the level the enemies you are killing, the vending machines still offer your level items for purchase. Not only do they offer legendary items, but a lot of purple (very rare) items too as the item-of-the-day. I don't remember seeing any white or green items for item-of-the-day like you would find in BL2.BAD: The legendary items (as well as very rare purple) are CRAZY expensive!  A good level 32 legendary weapon will cost you around $200,000 to $250,000. So be prepared to farm for a lot of cash.Eridium is now replaced with Moonstone.  Moonstone is very plentiful.  Enemies now drop it like crazy.  You can easily farm hundreds of moonstone. (The max you can hold is still 500) You can use Moonstone to upgrade your max ammo and backpack space and much more.  You can use it on Moxxie drinks that give a 30 minute boost to things like ammo/health generation or damage and more.  There are also crates that cost 40 Moonstone to open and give you cool very rare items.If you think Claptrap is annoying, Pickle is 100 times worse.  There are a lot of Aussie accents in this game, but Pickles British slang accent is EXTREMELY annoying. It was nice to finally reach Helios (the space station) where there are very few  accents.  As an American, the voices were hard to understand much of the time.Summary: I like this game, but I think Borderlands 2 is better,"
,Recommended,261640,12516179,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,PKMN Trainer Mike,Love this game! Jack is better in this one.
,Recommended,261640,12516770,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,LETS GET RIGHT INTO THE NOOSE,been waiting so long... now its out and its amazing
,Recommended,261640,12708288,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BusterButcher,This game is really good! It is a bit like borderlands 2 but i think the story is better and it looks crisper.If you are a fan of  borderlands 2 this is the game for you.
,Recommended,261640,12731339,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,C4Gamer,This Game Is Very Very Fun And Funny I Love The Pre-Story To Borderlands 2 I Personally Like Playing As The Enforcer Wilhelm But A Sad Thing is I cant Dual Wield Weapons Like The Berserker/Enforcer From Borderlands 2 I Recommend U give This Game A Try U Won't Regret It I Guarantee It Or My Name Is Not C4Gamer
,Recommended,261640,12807863,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Basher,"Everything you loved about Borderlands 2 plus more, and they fixed the bug where you had Oxygen. Who needs Oxygen anyway?♥♥♥♥ Oxygen."
,Recommended,261640,12815015,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,waterworrier,"While the game itself is quite fun, it lacks in the memoribility of the previous titles.Most enemies are just retextured versions of Borderlands 1 and 2 enemies with different names and the same combat styles with slight variations. The story, at least to me, seemed rather short and uninformative compared to 2. You do get some decent information on Jack's rise to power and his actions in the second game... but you also miss out on vast amounts of possible info as well that simply wasn't added.Gameplay is identical to the previous games with the added element of needing oxygen and a low gravity environment. Control in low gravity areas (which is almost everywhere) is fairly easy and I believe they did that well. The need for oxygen is rather annoying if you are someone who would like to explore or boost everywhere. One of the higher capacity oxygen masks that I found was about 170 capacity. Each full boost takes down 10 of that.... so you will quickly deplete your supplies if you want to move around quickly in the somewhat barren areas.Going through the first playthrough was fairly entertaining and only slightly challenging, as it should be. The second playthrough is just difficult and unforgiving. Enemies are constantly 2-5 levels higher then you and you progress and nearly everything can 1 shot you without warning. In many cases the badass variants of enemies can be harder then the bosses of the area you are in. You will be required to farm xp and weapons quite often if you don't want to get constantly slaughtered in every area.The NPCs are all rather limited with dialogue and quests. There are several good side quests, but most are very generic. The rewards from them tend to be average as far as usefullness goes... but some are just pointless.While the previous titles contained a lot of humor that was easy to understand, the Pre-Sequel seems to have little to no humor without first researching what it is they are trying to make humorous. I did find a few rather amusing parts, but they weren't as memorable and laugh inducing as the ones in the previous game.As others had mentioned, glitches and bugs are quite a problem... depending on what happens. I have been killed by nothing, been shot at through walls, and even been the victim of rocks/platforms that aren't really there. I have also been blessed to have a never depleting shield, one shotted some enemies that I know I shouldn't of been able to, and had enemies be motionless while I unloaded on them. It definately needs to fixing.One more small annoyance I had...Bosses, in the second game, were a primary source of farming for legendary weapons and items. In this one, many of the bosses are one time only fights with no chance to farm them. There are still several bosses that can be farmed, but not many effective ones.Now for some good things.There seem to be more chests around then in the second game which in beneficial to loot farming. Getting to the few farmable bosses is a fair bit easier then on 2 as well. Farming said bosses can be challenging, but manageable when properly leveled.The Vault Hunters' skills are all rather unique and can be quite effective in solo or multi situations. From Claptrap's randomness to Nisha's autotargeting, they all make for very unique characters.Plenty of sidequests to do and a few easter eggs to find make it quite similar to Borderlands 2 in that aspect. It can be quite entertaining to find whole quests that are just easter eggs as well. :)I suppose, overall, it is a good game in need of some work. Hopefully any future DLCs and updates will remedy most of it's current problems and make playing it a more enjoyable experience. I think, as it stands, I would give it roughly a 7.5/10.I do like the game, it just needs work. But I would only recommend getting it after a bit of a discount as it currently is. Unless they fix some issues first."
,Not Recommended,261640,17370517,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Voodoojedizin,"80 hours of game play and I still haven't finished, not because I love it so much, it's because I keep quitting, and uninstall the game. Then a period of time goes by and I get to thinking I should finish it. I reinstall the game play it some more, and then uninstall it.The people in Australia absolutely have no clue about what is fun and funny. How they could take something as exciting as the borderlands game franchise and ended it with the most boring game play and story ever. I only hope they never let them do this again to any of their future games. Do not let the Aussies touch anything.Biggest disappointment and something everyone misses immediately is the music. Borderlands2 had a fantastic soundtrack, everybody loved it and the music is still getting hits on youtube, and purchased from Amazon.But the music in this game sounds like it comes from a ice skating amusement park, and adds absolutely no feeling to the game at all it's better to just turn it off.Personally I can't recommend this game.  In less you enjoy,Lousy humorKilling animalsBoring environmentsAnd the worst music ever"
,Recommended,261640,31494995,Posted: 1 May,all,NotSoJosh,"I preordered this game back in 2014 for the Xbox 360, and got to say IT'S AMAZING! Don't let the negative reviews stop you from buying this game, as it is fun, has lots of missions, OP weapons (if you know where to find them), and much more. You can play with friends (If anyone is online anymore on this game), and have your friends help you with many missions. This is definitley a MUST BUY game for it's price, and and everything included with the game."
,Recommended,261640,17874218,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bab,"They have jack, they have an DLC so you can have 3 jacks. You have handsome jack. Great game 11/10"
76561198098414117,Recommended,261640,12494881,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,PERSISTENT DICK,"Since when did borderlands censore profanity,  Epic Fail.  In addition the Aussie humor just lacks the overall inspirational baddassiness that I crave.  Dictated but not read, so says the king."
,Recommended,261640,12505432,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,vishtr,Like shooting midgets? Jumping in zero gravity? Loot? This game might be for you.
,Recommended,261640,12505843,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Secco27,"After several playthroughs, I felt this review needed an update.  Standing by itself, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel would be worth the $60 price tag, and certainly would be a great buy on sale. However in comparison to Borderlands 2, TPS felt a bit empty, especially the endgame. I still recommend BL  TPS, but just be warned that your expectations may not be met.The Good:Larger number and variety of Unique (Blue with Red Text) weapons.Double jumping and boosting in low gravity really change how you view the environment.New classes are quite enjoyable to play, especially the randomness of Claptrap.The Grinder. Gives you a reason to hang on to lower end weapons other than to sell.Vendors have a higher change to load Legendaries.The story presentation was great, although I didn't enjoy the TVHM narration additions and the story arc wasn't exactly a surprise.Moonstones (the equivalent of Eridium in BL2) have many more uses.The Bad:The biggest problem comes from non-respawning bosses and legendary/unique drops from one-time encounters.The ""Raid"" boss isn't a new and separate boss.There are a large number of quests that require you to cross the map several times on foot. It feels like they were artificially lengthening the game with this tactic.Non-skippable cutscenes. Might not seem like an issue, but by your 5th playthrough, you will wish this option existed.The game isn't as varied or as big as BL2.Side note:If you decide to buy BL TPS and are considering the Season Pass, I would highly recommend waiting to purchase the Season Pass until all of the content has been released. The Holodome was the worst DLC out of the BL franchise, especially considering the $10 price tag. The Doppleganger was ok, although not my type of class, so if I could go back, I wouldn't have purchased the Season Pass. Let's hope the ""campaign"" DLC is amazing."
,Recommended,261640,12502136,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cryogenic,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a great mix of familiar and new mechanics, and fills in a ton of lore that you never knew you wanted to know until now.As far as mechanics are concerned, the game will feel very familiar for the most part.  However, the addition of double jumps and butt-slams will be sorely missed when I go back to replay BL2.  The game switches from low gravity to normal gravity throughout different locations, which also helps to keep your tactics fluid.  Lasers are as much fun as you'd expect, and became my favorite type to use by far.  I do have concerns that lasers weren't well balanced, because I rarely ran out of ammo even after using my laser gun constantly.  Still, they are a ton of fun.Character customization stayed pretty similar to the previous game.  Your oxygen canister has a lot of interesting ways to customize yourself, and many of them affect you in different ways depending on if you are in a vacuum.  Some of these bring a lot of new styles of play into the game by rewarding mid-air combat.  The downside is that these canisters replace the old artifacts, so you actually end up with an equal number of customizable components.  Overall though, I think these add more to the game than artifacts did.  Character trees are unique and change the playstyle considerably.FInally, the story is a lot of fun to play though.  It allows you to understand how Jack becomes the monster that he is in BL2, and having him as a constant protagonist is an interesting change.   Considering the amount of humor in the game, I think they do a solid job of adding some though-provoking plot developments and moral dilemma.TL:DR  Small, well-thought out additions bring more to the game than you'd expect, and the plot bridges the gaps of the two games very well."
76561198012071072,Recommended,261640,12502490,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,*T-USA*Rangerfish,"Take it for what it is, a new game built from a proven formula for fun!I recomend this game to anyone that is a Borderlands fan or just getting into the series.  Can't go wrong!"
76561198006682026,Recommended,261640,30422630,Posted: 10 March,all,Athos42,"Having read some negative reviews concerning this game, I did not put too much hope into it. Everybody who has played Borderlands 2 knows exactly what will come, and everybody who did not play Borderlands 2 should do so first.The gameplay is better than in Borderlands 2:- Cryo weapons are much more funny than slag weapons. You WANT to use them and are not FORCED to use them.- Laser weapons are a much better ETech replacement. Versatile, strong and good to use. Best addon to the Borderlands line of games.- The levels are much more diversified... Low gravity, standard gravity. Atmosphere or vacuum. Running across a moon surface or hopping along across the outer hull of a space station using jump pads.- The Grinder is a good way to improve your gear in the endgame; an alternative to boss farming.- Vault hunters actually talking to NPCs and each other ingame gives them more personality.Worse than Borderlands 2 is the story and the NPCs. Except from Springs (because she is first new one you meet) and Pickle (because he is so annoying) I don't remember any one of them. Most of the time, I did not really care why I was doing this mission or that. OK, I get it, Elpis is Space Australia. I understood the joke half an hour into the game, but they keep re-telling it during the whole following rest of it. You need to get the Claptrap DLC to get a good round story ending that fits nicely into Borderlands 2. The biggest story con: there are four original vault hunters, but the story is only told from the perspective of one of them, Athena. The rest don't seem to matter much.So overall: if you can buy the complete package with all DLC for about 25 €: get it, you'll get your share of fun. But I wouldn't pay full price... the ""it should have been the last Borderlands 2 DLC"" feeling did not leave me during playing this game."
76561198143400681,Not Recommended,261640,27575450,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Sam,this is not a borderland ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,261640,24030909,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,trained giraffe,Crashes on windows 10. My friend and I cannot play for more than 10 minutes. Definitely not worth it.
76561198095930617,Recommended,261640,18620192,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Skares,Installed aimbot for my character
,Recommended,261640,16377536,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Teh_bioshock,yes
,Recommended,261640,13930588,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gilette Amk hellcase.com,Finde ich geil
,Recommended,261640,12907885,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Woopdycow,Brah. Awesome game. A must play if you enjoyed the others.
76561197967736055,Not Recommended,261640,16722565,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jinx,"Avoid this game, it's worthless. To be honest I spent most of my playtime waiting for it to get better and it never did. Game balance is terrible and combat is a chore due to the balancing issues. 2K Australia and Gearbox murdered a franchise I used to adore. 2/10 (2 points awarded automatically for having Claptrap in the game.)"
76561198058787521,Recommended,261640,23881679,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,"Joe ""Python Cock"" Kell","***DISCLAIMER, ONLY BUY THIS IF IT IS ON SALE***Details as to why? It's short as ♥♥♥♥. When I finished the story i had put twelve hours into it, 2 hours of which was spent in some of the bosses (longer than i should have been in there) because i was DISGUSTINGLY underleveled. The story part of it was actually really cool, and the character interactions are great, but seriously this is way too short.Pros:-Story-Lasers are dank as♥♥♥♥♥♥-Cryo weapons are baller af-Comedy is still pretty much there but also feelsCons-Y so ♥♥♥♥ing short-Elpis kind of sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Moon physics and sounds are boring.-Weak array of characters, the Australian accents kind of put me off too"
,Not Recommended,261640,16716875,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Teina,"cringe worthy, over acted australian accents. 0/10"
76561198055680216,Not Recommended,261640,24029262,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr. McSlippyfist,"It's just a game. I love the borderlands games, but this really doesn't have the same feel to it. The story is fairly interesting and its one of the few reasons to play it, but theres nothing special about the game play. The oxygen mechanic could have added a new element to the game, but with the ubundance of oxygen sources around (canister drops from enimies, oxygen bubbles, oxygen gysers), refilling your oxygen doesn't have the same weight as it should. The fire fights are either improved  or hindered by the low gravity, sometimes it can help while other times its more of bother. The game truely hits you over the head with the fact that it was developed by 2K's Australian team, with the first character you meet on the moon being australain AND THEN, continualy stressing the fact that her accent is somehow hard to understand. The vehicles are a mess and you can barely drive strait in them. With the low gravity jumping, its almost better to travel by foot. Overal, the game is a mess. I had always wondered why this game wasn't talked about after its hyped-up release, but now that I've played it, I can certanly see why. Don't bother buying this game."
,Recommended,261640,12512846,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Not A Lizard,"the game is fun as hell, using the best of the older borderlands games and improving, but its written by a ♥♥♥♥ing child who cant write for♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,261640,12842632,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[IG] RDMT,"This is a Borderlands 2 expansion for full game price, with DLC of its own on the way. Everything in this feels uninspired. It's still mechanically sound (although there were some funny out-of-bounds glitches to be had), but this does not deliver the same fun, the same level of detail or the same replayability of the last games. The new characters are forgettable at best, grating at worst and the old characters lack the personality that made them memorable to begin with, and in fact everyone pretty much comes off like a jerk. The story tries to bridge the gap between 1 and 2, but any substantial plot development is rushed through, leaving you to really wonder the point of the game.If you're a big fan of the Borderlands series, maybe pick this up if it goes half-price, or wait for a GOTY edition. As it is, asking $60 for the base game with DLC to come is asking far too much."
,Not Recommended,261640,15244194,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Darren the Moon Phlogger,"The game is not as good at any of the things that made BL2 fun, and worse at what BL2 did poorly. Unless you feel that you're an absolute diehard fan who MUST experience for yourself the minimal story there is to find in this game, then skip it. Skip it and find the story relevant cutscenes and dialogs on YouTube and the BL wiki.Oh, and SPOILERSyou don't get any mention of angel in this game. at all."
,Not Recommended,261640,16102476,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,fra$erwa$here,This game is as good as NA LOL Players....11/10 would uninstall again.
76561198123481127,Recommended,261640,17896193,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Daddy,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
,Not Recommended,261640,17514399,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Squigly,"this game is the worst in the Borderlands series (aside from Tales from the Borderlands cause thats♥♥♥♥♥♥too) for obvious reasons 1: Way to short...even with the side missions. 2: Highly unbalenced, really only 2 (1 without DLC) good ""Vault Hunters"". 3:♥♥♥♥♥♥for GOOD legendary and Uniuqe items (They ruined the Harold...HOW COULD THEY DO THAT). 4: Dificulty Spikes...Dead Lift and the stupid jet boss...also EOS... 5: Plot Holes and setting us up for a♥♥♥♥♥♥game (next in the series) i could give a list but i am way to lazy... 6: Jack is good? no wait he's bad...wait no i was wrong...or was I (seriosly i have no clue what side he was on 80 percent of the time) 7: Bugs fo days...or was it just me? cause i kept getting weird errors and stuff but Borderlands 2 is still fine...thats it really...game sucks...DO NOT WASTE YOU'RE MONEY ON THIS GAME...i bet the nex one will be good ;3"
,Recommended,261640,14543262,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,RavenousDragonfruit,"First off, I'm not a big Borderlands fan. I've never played the original and Borderlands 2 didn't really excite me, though I haven't necessarily given it enough time. I knew I was going to pick this up, and a 50% sale seemed worth it. I only wanted the game to play it with a friend, though I am yet to do so and am thoroughly enjoying it. About 5 hours in to the game and I love the gameplay, graphics, gun mechanics and all the npcs. IMO, this is a game done right. Definitely pick it up, especially in a sale."
,Recommended,261640,18386299,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GingerGuyFTW,Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel isn't the worst it's just not as good as Borderlands 2...My first playthrough was fun I laughed at some of the dialog in the game and the double jumping space mechanic is fun but some mechanics like the Oz gets wasted as thats all the happens when it reaches 0 is the screen flashes and you loose health very slowly. Also alot of returning legenadries.7/10it's still fun
,Recommended,261640,19345345,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ass cancer,bae
,Recommended,261640,21484443,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kapitein Koek,perfect 5/7
,Not Recommended,261640,29257992,Posted: 14 January,all,Sh4nks,"I am heart broken by this game. After over 200 hours in BL2. This doesn't keep the hype going. And I don't know why. Maybe it's the story, or the mechanics. It doesn't have the same feel as BL2. Im sorry to give this a bad review, but I just didn't have fun in this game."
76561198098553672,Not Recommended,261640,28967932,Posted: 2 January,all,Cohn,"Do you have a crippling addiction to Borderlands games?WELL NO MORE!Buy this game and you will not only have less money, but order now and get the ""lose respect for what was a decent game company"" bundle!Reasons NOT to buy this game:- Empty feeling (and literally more empty)- 1/10 the comedy in BL2- Is a driving simulator- Quiet as a dead mime (no music, everything is muffled because you are in space)- People on your friends list will know you have poor taste in gamesReasons to buy this game:-Edit: I'd bet 3 and a half air fresheners that the Cheeto neckbeard scummies who downvoted this, did so subconcously, because they have played the game too much to refund it, and have to reassure themselves that there money was well spent."
,Not Recommended,261640,28793201,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,0veR,They ruined borderlands with this stupid crap and also there is lots of anoying game bugs and glitches in game!
76561198047668008,Not Recommended,261640,28338709,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,aghinari,"Dont know why i bopught this just as stupid as the rest of them, buy something good. might be worth it with friends"
,Not Recommended,261640,16393727,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wolf :D,dis game is awful
76561198066947903,Recommended,261640,31267884,Posted: 20 April,all,Midnya,"Personally i just prefer this one over 2. I enjoyed it more than two. Trust me i know it has a ton of problems but i prefer it's gameplay and playable characters. I had fun with it, all you really need to know."
,Recommended,261640,30237095,Posted: 28 February,all,Nomad Charon,"The Pre-Sequel is a very good filler to bridge the gap between the events of Borderlands 1 and 2, with a fresh take on the canon of the universe a new set of vault hunters drop down to Elpis, Pandora's moon, to bear witness to Handsome Jack's rise to power. With the same great action of Borderlands 2 with a couple of twists to the mechanics, (low gravity, jump pads and butt slams to name a few), the Pre-Sequel is a great example of what can be done with a pre-existing engine and a great section of storyline to fill in. Although not entirely as immaculate as Borderlands 2, I'd give the Pre-Sequel a solid 9/10 based on not having as many DLC campaigns added on"
76561198118532370,Not Recommended,261640,28433020,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,newsettler,"The worst game in this series. Stupid quests, horrible level desigh, useless NPC, inexpressive classes."
76561198177897109,Recommended,261640,30951232,Posted: 4 April,all,GeneralLibation,AWESOME SAUCE
76561198136181453,Recommended,261640,31611414,Posted: 7 May,all,thot eradicator,good
,Not Recommended,261640,23694821,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,mGk,Worthless piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Especially compared to it's previous part Borderlands 2. If you want normal game in Borderlands-verse don't even try to play this junk.
76561197971673966,Not Recommended,261640,12837045,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tuze,"game world feels kind of empty.. ever played fallout 3? You keep running/driving thru these empty spaces , it gives impression that game world is big, but the content itself feels to be small-ish side."
,Not Recommended,261640,30998774,Posted: 7 April,all,Qael,"It may be a pretty great game in its own right, but compared to Boardlands 2 it is a major let down."
,Not Recommended,261640,13794298,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lödmeister,Loved Bordelands 2 diss game was dissapointinAlmost no gundrops for 12 lvls and the weapons i got were compleate♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013448144,Not Recommended,261640,31739080,Posted: 13 May,all,DrLector,why is this so glitchy when it comes to quests only been playing for few hours and had to do multiple restarts and so over it. no wonder they shut down 2k australia. they had idea what they were doing
76561197965207956,Not Recommended,261640,15047894,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Msnald,bad
76561198055422461,Recommended,261640,30319912,Posted: 4 March,all,Julii,Best game ever. 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,261640,14809496,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Egg,"""How does math work? Does this skin make me look fat? If a giraffe and a car had a baby, would it be called a caraffe? Life's big questions man.""~ Claptrap"
76561198067376898,Recommended,261640,14812536,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[JR] Deem,aaaaaaand OPEN!!!
76561198117138681,Recommended,261640,30885711,Posted: 1 April,all,Kentakuru Kadoyimatsu,"This is the best game I have ever played. Most relaxing and peaceful game ever. Big fan of the series !2K DEVELOPERS READ: Borderlands 3 Opinions;1. I would love to see planets to travel via spaceships which we are in control. Where the planets are in different habitat and climate where ruled by different species. We could concord or get in war with them as the story line would change with respect to our acts.2. More interacting and breathing environment in the game such as day/night cycles, NPCs which interact with themselves like in GTA.3. A space station where we could buy more expensive ships, weaponry and make deals with the territory representators.With adding such different concepts, the game will attract much more bigger audience.I am expecting a lot, let us not disappoint 2K !"
,Recommended,261640,32653111,Posted: 22 June,all,bto745,1
,Recommended,261640,29458090,Posted: 24 January,all,LK,is gud.
76561198024469649,Not Recommended,261640,33272394,Posted: 5 July,all,DumbCustomer,"Here are the main problems I have with the game :- the story is just the one of a mercenary blindly acting upon its contract. It's dumb, linear, infuriatingly dumb.- the looting mechanics are the same as Borderlands 2 : press E to loot chests is of the same rigidly infuriating nature than it was on Borderlannds 2. The mechanics was boring then and is boring now, nopthing has changed.Moreover the moonstones fragment which constitute the currency of the game are not automatically looted : you are in a vehicle ? Well you HAVE to disembark, loot manually and reimbark : the mechanic is plain stupid.- The movement : up until you get class mods that allow for more air control, the low gravity movement is a pain really. But more than that. the game ius still 100% movement infuriating borderlands 2 mechanics : you get stuck slidiung on 40 degrees surfaces where one would expect top have control of the player ... but is just gliding out of control in a lengthy BORING way.This has been part of the borderlands series historically but I expected such stuff to be bettered in pre sequel. But NO ! Pre-sequel corrects NONE of the borderlands 2 exasperating physics mechanisms. It actually adds some with the low gravity where I got stuck and had to quit a few times more often than in B2.Also, the game controls which are assigned to a different controls for crouch and vehicle squish key are just dumb.- Just some more Borderlands 2. No new mechanics besides freeze really.- Bugs not corrected after 1.5 years of release : if you quit while looking for the legs for a new bot AI mission : the door stays closed whatever happens.  TYhe bug was first signaled on release and NEVER corrected. Just Wow.I really wish for Borderlands 3 to improve upon physics and those disapointing unadressed points.Pre-sequel is just a content add on with a super linear story from Borderlands 2. That is why I don't recommend it as such.If you wish for some more Borderlands 2 narrative, go for it."
,Recommended,261640,13866366,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rigatoni,good story
,Not Recommended,261640,13295382,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Zephkiel,"Did you expect a game as good as BL 1 and 2?With fun environnement?Fun weapons?Fun quest?Well, then, BL:TPS is not it.The first 75% of the game consist about running ungodly distance with fetch-type quests in the same ""desertic moon"" environnement. Ultra boring.The last 25% are standard, and they are on the Helio station, where you are the first minute of the game, so it's not even something new. The last part, the vault part, is ultra boring, it's just a long corridor going down and ""oh, a vault"". Because Jack was thinking it could be here due to some vague hint left by an ennemy, you find it like that. Well, ok.You can add :- All the bugs. Quest's steps not resolving. Second wind not triggering (especially on the last boss, know issue since an eternity, still not resolved)- Low gravity loot flying from dead body to outer-space (great)- Mobs getting stuck anywhere in the textures (or even under)- The same can happens to you- Each new patch is just about nerfing every source of loot farming. To sum it up, each boss in the game CAN (low chance) drop its legendary. But most of them DONT respawn, so you have to use the new device, the grinder, wich consist of putting some purple weapons accordingt to a recipe, and ding, you can have a legendary. But it would be to beautiful if there wasnt a specific item to add in the recipe, droppable only from one boss, wich have been...nerfed, too- They also nerfs weapons/shield for no valid reason (nerfing roid shield for athena melee build, when NIsha just kill everything without even trying, her action skill aiming automatically...yes...yes...she is Salvador 2.0)- You were expecting good dlc with the season pass? Don't sweet it, out of the 4 promised, we have one new char, and one dome. expecting 4 campaigns? You fool.In short, BL:TPS could have been a BL2's dlc."
,Not Recommended,261640,25774182,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BlkMgkNitez,Had 5 hours of progress. Some kind of glitch brought be back to only when I had saved with 1 hour of progress. Never again.
76561198295651331,Recommended,261640,29451125,Posted: 23 January,all,Derpo,Is Gud
,Recommended,261640,15010498,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,[CiC]Zod(פיל הפדופיל),LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198021787422,Not Recommended,261640,15584308,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jewsus,A let down.
,Not Recommended,261640,22131279,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ctg1996,"Pro'sBetter balanceLasersBetter combatGood skilltreesConsShort af campaignBuggy afSome bosses cant be farmed""raid boss"" is just the final boss but harder wtfWorld feels empty6/10 buy bl1 or 2 instead"
76561198052049242,Recommended,261640,14107710,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,competentleaf2,Amazing story line and Brilliant Graphics what more do you need?
76561198056242876,Not Recommended,261640,14193548,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,A low level spook,"A perfect example of a developer not knowing why they are sucessful. Better yet, a fine example of milking a franchise. -1Fan/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,21822432,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,stonky honky,Better than microwavin ur balls
,Not Recommended,261640,28092278,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,xdustx,"So I bought this while it was on offer at 12 Euros. Thought that since I played Borderlands 1 and 2 should also try this. I was missing the funny stuff and the run and shoot feeling.This game feels like a demo for Borderlands2. I feel sorry now that I played for 12 hours and cannot refund it.CONS:- Lava, high ridges, frozen stuff that can get you killed and makes reaching mission objectives difficult;- A lot of missions where you have to find stuff and reach places thus wasting your time;- Nothing new besides Borderlands 2;- Story is boring;- The added Oxygen that you can run out of (useless mechanic);- You can't skip cutscenes;- Can't access inventory while airborne;PROS:- Still has a taste of Borderlands;- Freezing weapons are ok-ish;"
76561197960301574,Not Recommended,261640,28128005,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NiVy,Love the Borderlands games but this one i didn't enjoy quite as much. Felt more like an expantion that was ruined by one bad decision. Who ever came up with the idé of the oxygen system should have his oxygen permanently removed.
,Recommended,261640,12761146,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,pools closed due to stingrays,"don't listen to what others say, if you liked borderlands 2, you'll love this."
,Recommended,261640,33648489,Posted: 19 July,all,Xeo,"I have to say.. for the short time this game has to offer playwize,I loved every second of it!Thank you Gearbox for making another masterpeice~!!!~!!!!!"
,Recommended,261640,18187674,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,Anyone who doesnt like this game most likely has a stick up there♥♥♥♥♥ :)
,Recommended,261640,33034051,Posted: 30 June,all,Deer,good game
,Recommended,261640,18357615,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,FreakinZMartin,Loved it like the other Borderland games 10/10 Jack/Handsome Jack ftw :)
76561198076419385,Recommended,261640,13596538,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Gull,Amazing
,Recommended,261640,14003140,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kitty,veri fun. pls play.
,Recommended,261640,30780009,Posted: 27 March,all,Tree Test Tickles,Got called a racist hot dog 11/10 would play again
76561198094610494,Recommended,261640,19541037,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CommandoRyanbo,"The Borderlands series has been a favorite of mine since 1 came out. The mixture of the great fps mechanics, rpg elements, and Co-op gameplay kept me busy for many hours, and many more with friends. The Pre-Sequel is no exception to that for me. Albeit I will admit I enjoyed the Borderlands 2 more than this one I can't help but feel to me that the Pre-sequel added things to the game I really liked better. The inclusion of laser type weapons was a no brainer for a game as rediculous as borderlands and if they don't include them in Borderlands 3 I will be sorely dissapointed. The ability to play as claptrap (yes I actually do really enjoy claptrap he is to me the staple of borderlands) pleasantly surprised me in both his abilities and his humor with the other characters.All in all I recommend this game if your a Borderlands fan. It's worthy enough to stand with the others. If you're not a Borderlands fan then I recommend to watch videos and gameplay to see what you think of it before your purchase."
76561198099489548,Recommended,261640,18404444,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ghostacy,"this games rad, but you know what else is rad? my new single check it out!https://soundcloud.com/froshno/961a"
,Recommended,261640,23997257,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Commander Shepard,Funny and awesome!!
,Not Recommended,261640,21379405,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mabel,"I really wan't to like this game.At first glance this game apears like it's what weve wanted. 4 unique new classes, a new element type, you can play as claptrap.And yet something wasn't right.Somehow it took me about 45 hours to realise that this game is kind of not good. The slam power is great but more common then not you'll use it and blow up an explosive barrel and kill yourself. The plot feals... forced. Very commonly I felt like I was doing something just because the game needed to be longer. This is fine if it's in a side quest, but most of the main quest feels like this.This game is also believe it or not the most glitchy of all the Borderlands games. If you're in fight for your life mode and need to kill something, you can really count on that one low enemy near you to just so happen to learn how to walk through walls. Additionally playing this game all the way through with 2 people who can't focus on anything we found probably around 15-20 places where you can just walk through a wall, get out of bounds, just fall into the void.The new laser weapons seem cool in theory, but from what Iv'e been able to tell is that really all of them are bad. Some have a really fast fire rate and have so much recoil you'll be having trouble keeping from looking straight up, and the rest consume WAY to much ammo.If you want a good borderlands game go get borderlands 2, it's personally one of my favorite games. When you finish that don't buy the pre-sequal, just get the tiny tina dlc any one of the other amazing dlc, or even just do ultimate vault hunters, just dont play this game..."
76561198041571425,Recommended,261640,13180129,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tatsym,gud game
,Recommended,261640,14714747,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,h3m0rrh01d,I enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,261640,14715871,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Real SlimPengu,Moo. Much fun. Very Meow
76561198039711940,Not Recommended,261640,17362535,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Tanatat,...
,Not Recommended,261640,30791030,Posted: 28 March,all,BOT POTATO,"Dont have any new DLC in the whole 2016, what is the point to play this game when BL2 have more DLC then this new one"
,Not Recommended,261640,21629453,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,CoroneR,This is soooo boring - Its like some hollywood producer made a crappy remake of an old classic - but did it with no soul
,Recommended,261640,27111348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dinkin Flika,Guns
,Recommended,261640,27092303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yzarul,Just as good as Borderlands 2
,Recommended,261640,24148013,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,stupidginger,1. Download Borderlands Ultimate Mod2. Apply crazy physics3 Observe Moxxi10/10
,Recommended,261640,29965668,Posted: 16 February,all,skullsmasher22223,is this game supported by controllers?plz answer
76561198067821708,Recommended,261640,24150800,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pokepunk. [H] 54 Keys,"Sure, it's not bl2.BUT IT'S STILL BORDERLANDS! When has borderlands been ""bad""? Never! And it never will be!If you liked any other borderlands, buy this. No questions."
,Not Recommended,261640,14294021,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Oxycodone,An astonishing failure of a Borderlands game. Don't waste your money on it.
76561198104932253,Recommended,261640,31545102,Posted: 4 May,all,stuckinside123,"it's basically borderlands 2 differnt skin and changed story, but i can't fault it, love it love the series i want more!"
,Recommended,261640,33938915,Posted: 31 July,all,Kesem.Sa,"I love everything about this game, I don't feel time while playing!Super fun, light game. I ADORE the humor here.This game really got me <3"
,Not Recommended,261640,33074631,Posted: 1 July,all,pax,"I really liked Borderlands 2, and despite reviews saying this is inferior to that game, I bought Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel in the Summer Sale. The story in this game is pretty okay from what i've played so far, but the rest of the game feels like a crappy knock-off of BL2, which is really disappointing. More handsome Jack seems to be the only reason for getting this game in my opinion, and if that's why you're getting it just get the TellTale game, which is new and innovative in the BL series of games, unlike this. If you really just want more BL gameplay, then I guess you might enjoy this game, but games such as the Division and Destiny (not vanilla) are better imo, and both have the insane amount of weapons that the BL series is known for."
76561198056404402,Not Recommended,261640,28316456,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Pandanator,"Borderlands 2 - Gravity = This game.It's not bad, just don't expect anything like a brand new game. If you view this game as a dlc to BL2, then you'll be fine."
,Recommended,261640,27922332,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kefin,Сервера Пустые.... Игра крутая но серваки пустые... Окей перейдем к +1+ - Графика приятная2+ - Тянут слабые калькуляторы♥♥♥♥♥♥сколько еще плюсов но игра оч крутая! Играл в нее еще на PS3P.S. Добавьте в друзья те кто прочитал этот пост и у кого есть эта игра.Чтобы я с вами поиграл! :З
,Recommended,261640,16329472,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,B99.9percent,good game
76561198144211508,Recommended,261640,28566877,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,anac2k3 hellcase.com,amazin
,Recommended,261640,12824157,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Pyro update comes out 10/6,many guns such power much awesomess
,Recommended,261640,13936415,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,krys,"This is a great follow-up from the story since we didn't know what happened inbetween Borderlands 1 and Borderlands 2, gotta say it's a good game with a good story! :)"
,Recommended,261640,24502777,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,✿卜Pinks丶™,Thanks!
,Not Recommended,261640,16479360,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cheeze_tank,Pros: BootysaladCons: Too many dank memes
76561198078774524,Not Recommended,261640,17877778,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,y=ax+b,f
,Not Recommended,261640,15926644,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,tv,"Huge disappointment for someone who spent hours playing the previous Borderlands games.PROS:-BUTTSLAMS!!!!!-Amazing minimalistic soundtrack-Characters have lots and lots of different responses for different situations-Your money and vending machines are finally useful. On the previous games, you would gather a lot and it had no use besides respawning and sometimes getting mediocre weapons on the vending machines. Now, your money has value and you gotta take care not to die so you can save some dosh to buy Legendaries.CONS:-Recycled gameplay, menus, weapons and graphics.-The humor has been recycled for the third time. If you don't like poo and♥♥♥♥♥jokes, don't even try this game.-The game is pretty short, i've beaten it with 10 hours in the first playthrough and 15 in the second, including some side quests.-Borderlands 2 DLCs added characters, weapons, maps, and lots of new content and fun. Pre-Sequel DLCs are expensive and make only small additions. I mean, 4 DLCs and only one with a new campaign? The season-pass was expensive, and was not worth it.-When you get to lvl 50, there's nothing more to do.All the DLCs were released and i'm still VERY disappointed for pre-ordering this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you, 2K."
76561198240751332,Recommended,261640,34711365,Posted: 3 September,all,P34FECT,"a beautiful game, i have clocked hundreds of hours into this game. 10/10"
76561198178771889,Not Recommended,261640,25811115,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,rrusssmith53,I would say I lovr it but why can`t I play this game anymore? Either no sound or the game will not load properly;whats up with this steam??????
76561198005992894,Not Recommended,261640,18211481,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,HueMan404,I am Abosolutely digusted in this game... am forced to watch very first intro movie without skipping it only to have the game crash every time on character selection... I' ll have my money back now... What a joke
,Recommended,261640,22579792,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Misty Day,JANEY <3 ATHENA FOREEEEEEEEVER! =o~o=That's all I need to really say about this.<3/10
76561198152965246,Recommended,261640,34192730,Posted: 12 August,all,Radical,best gam 10/10
,Recommended,261640,30161542,Posted: 25 February,all,yungwood,not as good as bl2 but is still a good playthrough and worth the current price.
68267297777129366,Recommended,261640,33132978,Posted: 2 July,all,Connor L. Phillips,air
,Not Recommended,261640,24185057,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,n..b,n
76561198098133749,Recommended,261640,23884203,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wargazmic,ligitness!
,Recommended,261640,32534567,Posted: 18 June,all,INTERNALIZED OPPRESSION,Worth it on sale. Would not recommend full price though.
76561198079119308,Recommended,261640,30561058,Posted: 16 March,all,Morbidly_Obeast,Muy spicy meme
,Recommended,261640,28915348,Posted: 1 January,all,30003022,A-mei-zing.
,Recommended,261640,28924696,Posted: 1 January,all,Vaughn,Gut gaem.
76561198057865278,Recommended,261640,25405462,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,StreetRat_Robin,"I live in Melbourne, Australia... sorry ""Straya"". And when I play this game I feel like this is very accurate of Australian culture; everyone and everything tries to kill you.So if you live outside of Australia and want to know what it's like down under, then get this game.It actually is a good game with friends but Borderlands 2 is much more better and well thought out"
76561198044554428,Not Recommended,261640,28249469,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BuddyFriend,Just play Borderlands 2. Too much ambiet moon music in this and not enough dubstep.
,Not Recommended,261640,20860761,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ubk101,"When it got to the part about flirting with the down-your-throat-with-the-fact-that-she's-lesbian woman and being friendzoned, I alt-f4'd because I cringed so hard I thought I was about to have an aneurysm. I don't consider this game cannon in any way."
,Recommended,261640,16685693,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Unconventional Ugli Fruit,Really good.
76561198034386536,Recommended,261640,25389654,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,drshorty03,I like it as much as Borderland 2.
,Recommended,261640,25442060,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,sleepy as,a bit♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088395557,Recommended,261640,13757833,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RWilson1950,this is a good game !
,Recommended,261640,25429165,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yeshua,69/10 loot simulator in the moon
,Not Recommended,261640,19230132,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Marp,Such a boring♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy it
76561198077851374,Not Recommended,261640,16144886,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ralf,Suuuucks
,Recommended,261640,12494423,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,JayhawkZombie,"I'm going to say this up front: I am a huge Borderlands fan.  I've spent way more hours playing BL2 than I care to admit.All in all, I love this game.  It is a fresh spin on the Borderlands games, and gives us what we've wanted for so long: to visit Pandora's moon.  The new weapon types are great, and the O2 mechanic leads to some interesting gameplay situations - waiting for an enemy to charge you, then double jumping, butt-stomping them and freezing them, then meleeing them and watching them shatter.  The accents for the moon NPCs are great, and really makes you feel like you are in a new place.The humor is not the same.  The curse words are bleeped out (which is sometimes funny, and sometimes not), and the reusing of assets is ridiculous.  BL2 was drastically different compared to BL1, both graphically and with respect to the combat mechanics.  However, The Pre-Sequel looks idential to BL2, with a moon-themed skin slapped on top.  Sure, the environments are interesting, but they are not as diverse as BL2, nor are they as plentiful.  All the legendary weapons I've found in the game are almost the same as the ones from BL2, and it is becoming clear that there are nowhere near as many legendary weapons in The Pre-Sequel as there are in BL2, which is really disappointing.This game feels more like a giant DLC than a whole new game.And just so everyone is clear:  2K Australia made this in conjunction with Gearbox.  2K Australia is NEW and has not been around as long as the 2K here in the U.S.  Anthony Burch didn't write this game, and the BL2 developers didn't develop this game either.Do I think this game was worth $60?  Yes, mainly because it extends the Borderlands series, even after Gearbox seemed against making another Borderlands game."
,Recommended,261640,12494708,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Good Guy Gamer,"Game is just like the others in the series, same level of humor, same level of action. Much fun, many pleasures."
,Recommended,261640,22617857,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ftstani,"This game is exactly the same as Borderlands 2. The only new selling point is that you get to play as Claptrap the Fragtrap. There's almost no reason to pick any other character. Claptrap doesn't need oxygen and can high-five in co-op to buff everyone on the team. Single players can high-five themselves for a damage boost. However, the game is clearly designed as a party game.The Claptrap DLC is quite interesting, especially if you play as Claptrap.There are various interesting NPCs, but the tongue-in-cheek dialogue does get tiresome."
76561198071878590,Recommended,261640,12494481,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Noct Caelum,"I am 8 hours in, I am enjoying this game a lot, Zero gravity adds a completely new dynamic to the game. 8.2/10 If your a fan of Borderlands you'll enjoy the game very much."
,Recommended,261640,12494593,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Istan,Absolutely loving this game. Very similiar to borderlands 2 but that is not a bad thing. Love all the characters I've come across so far. Typical borderlands humor. Love it.
,Recommended,261640,12502736,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,dbrawner1,Best game for PC this year!
,Recommended,261640,14484554,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Tumor man,"I already love this one more than the second, lots of references and just general randomness"
,Not Recommended,261640,12505341,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Hunter_of_Payne,WAY TOO INCOMPLETE!!!
76561198081638393,Not Recommended,261640,12493125,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,gimlithehobo,"3rd side quest and a poster falls off into the lava....really???? plz fix. on the game as a whole, its just more borderlands 2. im slightly disappointed that not much was done to overhaul the appearance of the game menu and game play. adding low grav environment and such doesnt add all that much to gameplay. buy when it goes on sale if you want it."
,Not Recommended,261640,12502118,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Infernalis,"It's just Borderlands.Horrible enemy AI. They advertise that your character is a badass with all kinds of awesome abilities and/or capabilities and yet it only takes a handful of hits for your character to get dropped into a ""Down But Not Out"" state. Meanwhile, you'd think that since the enemy AI is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo aggressive prior to your DBNO condition they would still attempt to smash your skull in? Right?Nope. Wrong. Whoever the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ programmer is that does the enemy AI seems to think that the DBNO is really kool and useful, but it doesn't do us any ♥♥♥♥ing good because all the enemies run away from you. All. Of. Them. And you are NOT allowed to ADS (Aim Down Sights) while in the Down But Not Out mode.So, in all. The game is, well, Borderlands. It's rather lifeless unless you're playing with friends, the abilites so far are just Meh. The greatest thing that I think 2K Australia did was allow us to utilize our Super Abilities far more frequently. Gone are the 10-minute cooldowns! Now the longest one is Wilhelm at just over half a minute! Everyone else is 16 seconds! It's great!But, the♥♥♥♥♥♥the AI and dull gameplay are ultimately what spoils this game for me. I will CLEARLY admit that I was never an avid supporter of Borderlands thinking it's some kind of over top amazing game. It's always just been ""Meh, it's for coop"" but the AI is still soooooooo ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and soooooo lazy that it's just unplayable for me.Want Coop? GET IT!Want mindless amusement? GET ITWant a clever atmosphere? GET ITWant an adventurous FPS? GET ITLiked/Loved the other two Borderlands? GET IT GET IT GET ITHowever, if a character trait of your personality is a ""critical eye"" like one of mine is, this game is dull and ultimately frustrating in such a way that's 100% a deal breaker for me. Just damned unfortunate I bought it through Steam and since they need to keep their billion dollar revenue stream, I am not allowed a refund.6/10 (For those that are fond of the numerical scoring system)"
,Recommended,261640,12488717,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Max Lothrik,"I'm going to be comparing this game to Borderlands 2. I'll continue to update this review as I play the game more.Pros:- Cryo is VASTLY superior to Slag. It provides actual meaningful gameplay instead of just bonus damage.- Laser weapons are way more satisfying to use than I expected. It's to the point where I'm carrying around 3 laser guns right now, simply because I prefer them.- Air jumping via O2. Not just a massive change to combat playstyle, it's even useful out of combat as you can get around faster by burning O2 to bunny hop around.- Item and skill design in general: FAR more things here feel like they're designed to be game-changers rather than linear increases. Stuff I didn't even expect to change how I play (like Wilhelm's ""Laser Guided"" skill) instead *completely* shift my focus, turning my pets from passive to active damage. I am AMAZED at how a single skill can change so much gameplay-wise.- The crafting system they added with the Grinder is an awesome way for players to target specific weapons and legendaries.Indifferent:- Gravity ""Butt"" Slams. I really feel like they should pack WAY more of a punch and have a cooldown, using it just seems like a waste of O2 as-is. The concept is fun but right now I'm not seeing the point to EVER using Gravity Slams beyond just wanting to hit the ground faster. Update: Gravity Slams can cause frozen enemies to shatter and instantly die. This doesn't seem to happen very consistently though.- Dialog and voice acting in general. Just like BL2 it's a mixed bag: sometimes it's amazing, others you'll feel like your ears are bleeding. The character ""Pickle"" in particular I found extremely grating, and I fully expect I'm going to skip 100% of his quests from now on.Cons:- Map design, specifically with frequently limited path choices. If you try to just power through and go straight to your quest destination, expect to die a lot while you're still discovering where all the dead ends and death pits are. There really should not be anywhere near this many impossible to climb cliffs in a low-gravity environment, especially on large maps we're expected to navigate with vehicles.- Inventory and menu design. There's nothing HORRIBLY wrong with it, but it's by no means perfect and I really wish more effort was put into improving what BL2 had. You guys can do far better than this.Overall: It's not perfect, but if you enjoyed Borderlands 2 you'd be crazy not to pick this up.Update: I've since completed my playthrough and beaten the final boss. Despite the fights and zones being very impressive, I feel a bit underwhelmed. The narrative near the end just sort of goes off on a weird ""we have to make this flawlessly consistent with BL2 and answer as many questions as possible"" tangent. I think the writers sort of forgot about engaging the player for that last little stretch. I guess their options were rather limited though, since it *is* a prequel as well as a sequel. Edit: I don't want to spoil it, but the way they implement True Vault Hunter Mode is awesome."
,Not Recommended,261640,13510690,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Forgotten Syrup,"all in all this game felt rather short, it had very poor acting in most scenes and the script was bad. it delivered a lack luster cast of characters with the exeption of like 4 people (i always hated lilith the most out of BDL2) we get to see a new side of handsom jack and we get to better explore characters like Athena, Wilhelm, and Nisha which is one of the few major positives the game was able to display, the change of enviroment from Pandora to Elpis and also a little exploration of the Helios station created a rather interesting change, and the addition of game mechanics such as low gravity made fighting different. however the game is ruined by the fact that quite a few of the voice actors sound like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goat, some of the writing of character's such as the main villain is very poor. and the annoying character traits such as ""janey springs"" need to tell you about her homosexuality every 30 seconds. my overall opinion of the game tilts more towards negative but i think you should leave your choice in buying it to your overall opinion of the borderlands series"
,Recommended,261640,12494045,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"WARNING: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME BEFORE BORDERLANDS 1 AND 2 IF YOU CARE ABOUT SPOILERS, THE STORY, OR ""THE EXPERIENCE."" THE NARRATIVE OF THE GAME ASSUMES YOU ALREADY KNOW ABOUT A MAJOR EVENT OF THE MIDDLE OF B2!There are a lot of very subtle changes to both the dialogue and the combat that really allow BLTPS to shine.  For starters, the game explores the rise of Handsome Jack's rise to power and as a result, eventually and quick;y turns notably darker.  There is a literal and DEFINITE moment where I was debating whether or not I was acting even vaguely heroically: it is a very obvious line in the sand to cross and♥♥♥♥♥♥only gets worse from there on in.The combat has been improved by the addition of more vertical-oriented combat through the use of zero-gravity, jump pads, Oz Kits, and such. The characters you are playing as are more reactive to the story going on around them and actually have dialogue with the NPCs around them.  The game does come off as ""Borderlands 2.5"" as much of the UI, graphics, character voices, and other such things are taken straight from Borderlands 2 but the environments, PCs and feel of the game are a lot different.If you didn't like previous entries, skip it and save your cash.  But I personally find hitting things with Athena's Shield to be QUITE satistfying.  Definitely enjoyed the moon.If I were to give any criticism of this game, it's that the areas are significantly bigger than in B2. This didn't make my game run any slower or taking longer to load, but there is a LOT more obvious walking and it does feel tiresome on occasion.BLTPS felt shorter story-wise compared to the main plot of B2 and B1, but I felt the pacing was rather spot on.BLTPS also doesn't have the absurd numbers inflation that B2 did.  The numbers are definitely in the B1 range and it's a change I'm very happy to see."
,Not Recommended,261640,16395992,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,my cousin died,"It is literally Borderlands 2 in space with like 12 new guns, and why would you make claptrap a playable character?"
76561197973815251,Not Recommended,261640,26297989,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jay Bizzell,"Its like borderlands 2...just not well written. Mostly fetch quests ETC... Also what the hell is up with the ULTRA-Libtard / Leftist, Over the top PC crap in this game. So apparently EVERYONE is gay on pandora ! Well all except for the villians of course. I don't know... for such an Uninspired wreck of a game, could have done without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor writing."
,Recommended,261640,12507361,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,TripleExit,LASERBEAMS!9/10
,Not Recommended,261640,29551855,Posted: 28 January,all,Grisu,"Boring, flat, repetitive & overpriced DLC.As much as I liked Claptrap, he alone can't save this recycled code."
76561198107698113,Not Recommended,261640,33040716,Posted: 30 June,all,True Level,ehh its okay
76561198061786965,Recommended,261640,24876356,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,gromly,That's no moon.
,Recommended,261640,12516157,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Waifu_Dosh,It's alright.
,Recommended,261640,12690829,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ganjalf the Green,"If you liked Borderlands 2, you'll like this $60 massive expansion of it. I have beaten the game on Wilhelm and Athena, and have to say that, as Wilhelm, the story was no where near as good with Athena. Yeah, he's a ""returning"" character from Borderlands 2, and he's supposed to be this hard♥♥♥♥♥ military, cyborg, support class, big dude ---- dude, but his dialogue comparative to Athena almost seems like he was an afterthought thrown into the game to fill a spot. Sometimes he's happy, sometimes he's pissy, you never truly know his emotion until you get to that part of the story.--PROS--Characters are new, fun, often funny, and very much so enjoyable to play. As all of them. Even Claptrap isn't TOO annoying now.Story feels better than that of Borderlands 2. Needless to say, that means the story is outstanding in that it actually shows the progression instead of ""Oh, we need this guy's help all the sudden for stuff. Yeah, stuff. Go kill people and get to him. Did I forget to mention it's Brick? Yay, the crew's back.""The Moon and Helios space station. The big thing always throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥at you in BL2? You helped with that.Laser weapons.--CONS--A clearly forced political agenda. No matter what side you're on, no matter where you live, this game can get old with it's push of its very much so biased agenda. Whether or not you feel it's right is up to you. I played this game to have fun, not think about politics.Veins of Helios. I mean, come on. Who's idea was this place? You jump around for a half hour hoping you're going to the right place. Oh, and there's like 30 quests in this area. Have fun with that.The accents. I normally don't care, but it's like Doctor Who took over Elpis and has turned it a planet for overused jokes and memes that people won't know about come a year from now.--OVERALL--I did make this review rather vague, but it's because I did absolutely love Borderlands 1 & 2. I rate this game an 8/10.The reason for this scoring:1. I start all games out at 10/10, and subtract/add from there.2. Political agenda (-4).3. Character development of playable characters (+2).4. Quests, NPCs, ""feel"" (+1)5. The never ending accents / memes (-.5)6. Minor glitches/major glitches. (I understand all games have these at the start, but it still affects gameplay nonetheless. -.5)I hope the DLC improves this game and takes out the very clear ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. BL 1 & 2 were easily 9.9/10 - 10/10 games. This game can be the same, just needs some tweeking in expansion DLC."
,Recommended,261640,12495771,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Blk_Fox,EXPLOSIONS!
,Not Recommended,261640,18438857,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,I Stigma I Bal,"Well lets talk a bit about the third game of one amazing saga like Borderlands, the presequel is not good or a bad game is just bushleague of what you expect in a BL release.The game focus in elpis the moon of pandora where you need help jack to recover the control of helios (rest is spoiler), so is something you really dont like at all after the thing than happen in BL 2. The gameplay is the same to other other two BL but much worst, the chars, enemies and areas is poor and really need more work, probably athena is the best char you can play. If i can express myself clearly this is the case when the third game is worst than the previously releases, when i play it i just feel an strong desired of replaying BL2.The Presequel has a very short story and sidequest you finish the game really quick, the AI of the enmies is dull and normally do the same jump and slam like friking toads. The soundtrack was a poor choice and pale in comparison iwth the preciously games music.The weapons design has not innovation at all they just add a laser weapon (pew-pew) there are not EXPLOSIONSSS, the weapons seems like a weird mix with a little shine, this was other point of the game i really dislike it.I only recommend this game for fans of BL saga even so wait for a good discount, this game is not worth 59,99, probably was a better idea include this game like a DLC of BL2 not like a new game, this game is without any doubt the worst Borderland evaaaaaaaaaa.Finally, I really dont know what was thinking 2k this time the game really lack of charm, i just played it cause i really like the story. i feel kinda dissapointed with every step i make in the presequel and make me wonder this is really a borderlands game; i hope for a better work in borderlands 3 that redeem 2k and gearbox for this crappy game.My best regards,Grimoire"
76561198010489663,Not Recommended,261640,12495629,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Fitnop,This game sucks a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Leave it to some kiwi aussies to ruin a game franchise. The voice acting is terrible the quake like jump ramps are ♥♥♥♥ing lame. This just feels like some Australian took a♥♥♥♥♥♥in thier hand and hurled it into my face.
,Recommended,261640,13466945,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Marvel - Game Over -,"This game is good, you'll have lots of fun..but know for a fact that this will never equal, BL2 was simply better, but that doesnt mean this game is ****"
,Recommended,261640,14771666,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Harley,"Remember Bioshock 2? Remember how many feared it would be a decent but unnecessary sequel, fun in its own right but bringing nothing drastically new to its storied heritage? That's Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel in a nutshell. It's a series of small refinements wrapped in a sub-par narrative, filled to the brim with gratuitous fanservice. And while that might be enough to placate Borderlands super-fans, casual players will find that things haven't changed all that much, and that's not enough to make up for its lacking story.If you’ve played Borderlands 2, things will seem very familiar with The Pre-Sequel. You still run around huge open areas and small, enclosed corridors, only this time on Pandora’s neon, purple-tinged moon Elpis. You still shoot everything in sight, from moon-based bandits to nefarious space beasts, the game's core combat maintaining the series' weird, satisfying mix of anarchic, tactical gunplay and compulsive RPG overtones. And yes, tons of loot explodes out of your freshly exploded foes, ripe for the taking. It's a compelling loop of shooting and looting that--even after spending 18 hours completing the main campaign--I found myself drawn back into, ready to try out new characters and take on the much harder True Vault Hunter mode.But while the series greatest strengths remain, the overall adherence to what has gone before also means that many of Borderlands main niggles are back as well. Loot drops so frequently that you’re constantly stopping to see if your new stuff is any better than your old stuff, and sorting through your inventory is still incredibly cumbersome. Co-op is far easier and snappier than single player, mainly because you don’t have anyone to revive you if you die while adventuring on your lonesome.Sure, you can revive yourself with a well-timed kill, but it’s not always a viable solution, and several bosses late in the game will wreck your face without a second player to help out. Borderlands has always been a far more frustrating experience for people who choose to play it solo, and the Pre-Sequel does nothing to change that. Though to be fair Borderlands' class-based, co-op RPG leaning makes that more of a gameplay feature than a problem, And by definition, being the same as its predecessors certainly doesn't make the Pre-Sequel any worse.A few additions have been made, but most of them feel very slight compared to the huge leap Borderlands 2 made from the first game. Functionally, the newly added laser weapons don’t handle much differently from using any other gun, and mook-freezing Cryo damage feels less a revelation and more like something that should've been in the series ages ago. While appreciated, these tweaks prove to be more of a refinement on the core Borderlands experience than any serious evolution in gameplay.That said, the new control mechanics of dicking around the low-gravity moon of Elpis are awesome, ambient freshen-up. Shortly after starting the game, you’re given an oxygen tank (lovingly called an Oz kit by Elpis’ Australian-sounding inhabitants). Not only does it allow you to breathe in the vacuum of space, it also controls your ability to double-jump. There's an interesting risk/reward mechanic, in that you have to keep an eye on that O2 gauge to make sure you’re not jumping around willy-nilly, otherwise you'll suffocate like Arnold Schwarzenegger at the end of Total Recall. Luckily, enemies drop O2 tanks like candy, and oxygen vents are everywhere, so it never becomes enough of a hassle to interrupt Borderlands' traditional breakneck game-flow.Comic book beautyBorderlands' cel-shaded comic book style has always been gorgeous, and The Pre-Sequel is no exception. Pandora's moon Elpis is covered in neon blues and purples, its cool color palette a far cry from the stark, desert browns of the first game. The series gets a lot of mileage out of its art style, and this new, even greater visual evolution makes its world more stop-and-gawp worthy than ever.What that double-jump does, however, is open up a whole new world of verticality to Borderlands’ manic combat. I regularly launched myself up high to get to better vantage points (why go around when you can go over?) and activated my butt-slam ability (which can cause huge area-of-effect and elemental damage later on) to get the literal drop on my foes. The core act of burning through every enemy you see hasn't changed all that much, but this simple addition adds an exciting new dimension in comparison to the ground-based, typically eye-level combat of its predecessors.While low gravity makes an ambient change to how you approach Borderlands' combat, the different character classes form the backbone of how you react to each scenario--and the roles in the Pre-Sequel are vastly different than anything you've seen before. Athena the Gladiator acts as the defensive core of the team, with a huge, rapidly-recharging shield that she can use to absorb bullets, and chuck around to smack her enemies. And at higher levels she can use her knife to turn herself into a homing missile of pointy death. The now-playable Claptrap (comedically trollish as ever) has an Action Skill that randomly assigns insane, random status effects to the rest of the team, causing cursing and laughter all at the same time. Even Wilhelm, the typical turret-throwing soldier class seen in every game in the series, shakes things up a bit, with his ability to spawn two hovering bots; one to attack, and one to heal. Each class is fun and distinct, providing multiple, very different games in one, and I had a blast trying out each to see which one I liked best.If you’re wondering why I’ve waited so long to mention the story, it’s because it’s the weakest aspect of the game. Set during the midway point between Borderlands and Borderlands 2, The Pre-Sequel tells the story of BL2 villain Handsome Jack and his rise from sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to evil sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Helios Station (owned by Jack’s employer Hyperion) has been hijacked and Jack has hired you to help him get it back.It’s a fine overall journey, filled with typically zany characters like the kooky and immensely likable mechanic Janey Springs, but none of its plot points are particularly eye-opening. Sure, there are tons of references and cameos for the fans, but when the credits rolled, I didn’t feel like I’d gained any real insight that I hadn’t gleaned from playing Borderlands 2. Given the Pre-Sequel's unique narrative positioning, that feels like a missed opportunity.Still, the writing is typically funny and entertaining. Though while there are moments of dire straits to remind you exactly what an amusingly unforgiving hell-hole the Borderlands universe is, the overall tone is much, much lighter than it’s been before. One minute, you're helping a drunken Aussie find his tuckerbag; the next you're watching someone try to dunk a basketball on the moon. These small asides are genuinely humorous, and do help flesh out a main campaign narrative that’s lacking in substance. Oh, and it's all fairly free of Internet memes this time around, so that’s a huge plus.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is packed with fan-service for long-time series vets, and gameplay-wise does a great job of providing more of the same for people who can't get enough of what they already have. For that camp, it's going to be a perfectly fine experience. For others, more of the same isn't quite going to cut it, even with the sporadic--but notable--refinements on display.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a hilarious, fan-focused continuation of the series' core values. But lacking any truly evolution, it makes for a fun diversion rather than a meaningful new chapter.This game was reviewed on PC.More InfoGenreShooterDescriptionYou take part Handsome Jack's rise to power. This game takes place after Borderlands and before Borderlands 2. 4/5"
,Not Recommended,261640,12956631,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,korefuji,"I gave up on this game about 15 hours or so in. The reason being this is not a good enough game for the price you pay, it's repetitive and really linear, more so than the other two games. It also has less secrets and interesting way sto approach the enemy, the characters are pretty boring, as are their abilities. Check out my time on bl2, I loved that game to death, played 400 hours or so, this game doesn't even come close to touching the brilliance that is borderlands 2. I even got the season pass for this, so that shows my purpose and support. The jokes are definitely way too Australian, it flew over my head and that of my friends.The new vehicles are disappointing, and lame in my opinion. I know I haven't scratched the surface yet with this game, we got pretty far though. There are things I liked about it, such as the new ice ability, and the lasers, but other than that, it's a disappointing former shell of it's bigger brethren.If you've never played a BL game before, I think this is a decent introduction: BLPS>BL>BL2 would be the order I would go in, iun terms of enjoyment factor. For me however it goes, BL2>BL>BLPS or something like that. Basically BL2 wins hands down, the only negative about the second game was the god awful and terrible DLC. This game on the other hand, is terrible from the start. It's boring, lethargic, samey all the way through. It's like they took a step backwards with BLPS, and gave us a prototype Borderlands.Overall, if you're new to the franchise, by all means buy it on sale, but if you're a veteran of the franchise, this game may only disappoint you. YMMV. Good luckPS: The BOSS fights are atrocious, unlike the big entrance and clear indication of who a boss is, and were challenges, in this the boss fights are mediocre events with no substance, and simply no challenge. Sometimes you kill them without even noticing what's going on and you think, that's it? I'ts a massive let down, 2K Australia did a fine job for newcomers, it's short of being any good. Gearbox should know better than to release this after outsourcing Aliens Colonial Marines."
76561197987070734,Recommended,261640,12506346,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Grove of Dreams,"UPDATED REVIEW:As fu cked up as this sounds, it's a LOT more fun on the second playthrough (TINY TINA! OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG HI)Pros:1.  It's more Borderlands - if you loved BL1 and BL2, you'll at least ""be OK with"" BL:TPS2.  F ucking Torgue.  EXPLOSIONS!!!!!3.  It's an interesting story and new material, ""at least on paper"".  Bits of the story (at least so far) really don't pan out that well, especially in regards to things already made explicit in BL1 or BL2.  Kind of a problem when you want it to be a ""pre-sequel"".4.  The ""Grinder"" machine really takes the bite out of the (fairly intrinsic) grinding for gear.  At least on some level you're making progress, even if you're getting a bunch of garbage drops.5.  Aside from boss fights, the game (thankfully) lets you reconstruct and head right back into an ongoing quest, rather than resetting everything and making you start over.Cons:1.  It's the most Australian thing to have ever been Australia'ed by Australians in Australia. Be prepared to:A) never meet a non-australian NPC that wasn't already ""supposed"" to be a certain way (Moxxie, Jack, etc.) except in one or two ""hidden"" missions, and (strangely enough) the entirety of the endgame.  It seems pretty clear what ""2kAustralia"" was and was not involved in.B) put up with a slew of slang, jokes, euphemisms and phrases you've never heard, nor are likely to hear outside Australia.  This includes limp-wristed jokes like ""Moxxie's Up Over Bar"" (instead of ""Down Under"", a euphemism for Australia)C) f ucking rhyming cockney slang with a grating Australian accent.  (""Davis Pickle"", an apparent attempt to cash in on Tiny Tina ... by making you want to jam screwdrivers in your ears.)D) be cured of your previously held ""f uck, aussie accents are sexy!"" condition.2.  The new O2 / Gravity Slam mechanic is just as annoying as it is innovative or original.  It can be fun to ""butt slam"" enemies... but it also means dealing with weapon recoil and accuracy issues while tracking targets in 3D space (as opposed to 2D side-to-side, front-toback in BL1/2).  There are also ""glitchy"" situations where the gravity slam will deal no damage ... say if you don't hold down ""C"" long enough, or if you land directly on an enemy).3.  The maps feel cramped, and you quickly fall into a routine of grinding for gear to quest, and questing til you need to grind for gear.  It could just be nostalgia, but it doesn't feel as ""large"" as BL2 in terms of places to go and things to do.  That's pre-DLC BL2, by the way.4.  It's grindy (duh, it's Borderlands).  The quests will move faster than your gear / level, making for some frustrating encounters and a moderate-to-large amount of farming for drops & xp.  Conversely, there's also the issue that a large number of the quests allow you to ""speedrun"" - that is, most of my first-time completions came not from me clearing the area and strolling to the finish line... rather from just dead sprinting to the net warp portal or quest objective and clicking it before I died."
,Not Recommended,261640,18432564,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Xause,"This game was amazing, so much fun, so much change from borderlands two, and infinite low gravity.This game has wayy too many gay people. Everybody in this game was gay, they shove that♥♥♥♥♥♥in your face the whole time.Boring as ♥♥♥♥, no replay value"
,Recommended,261640,13317761,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,im a walrus,its a really good game. But its basically a DLC as 2K has basically used BL2 but they have just put it on a moon so its still a very good game but its not really much different to BL28/10
,Recommended,261640,25411234,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,•Ol2eиJi,Athena is so COOL10/10
,Recommended,261640,24410484,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ƒancy ƒaget,"Very very late review, but I still want to give it a review! Okay, so I'm going to be completely honest - no, this game is not as good as Borderlands 2 but it's a pretty DAMN GOOD GAME. The story is fantastic, setting and atomsphere I personally adore and the Aussie accents are really funny! :)The story and amount of weapons doesn't even compare to Borderlands 2 and let's not even talk about the DLC cashgrabs. Borderlands 2 puts this game to shame regarding story and such, but I've beaten it three times and I really enjoyed every single minute of it. If you're thinking about getting this on a sale, do it, you will not be dissappointed! This, I would say, is a great ""in the meanwhile"" for us who are waiting for Borderlands 3 :D"
,Recommended,261640,16564571,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Oh boy do I recommend this over borderlands 2, I can't see why everyone else hates on this it's a great ""pre-sequel"", I'll be honest, I don't really pay attention to story in borderlands game, but the humor and gameplay are spot on, now that you can jump and boost around it plays like quake in a sense, rather an arcade shooter and feels great. I wholly recommend this."
,Recommended,261640,16312513,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rudolf von Stroheim,I like it.
,Not Recommended,261640,13455992,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chaky Furtz,At least I know I won't buy the next one which is nice.
,Not Recommended,261640,30457235,Posted: 11 March,all,Absolut.F.K,"WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THE JOKES OR LAUGHING MATERIAL ?!?Story:+ nice, not as deep as the first 2 but still cool- shortBackground:+ new weapon, new elemental damage, new physics mechanics, some nice references from the 2 other borderlands game- WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THE JOKES OR LAUGHING MATERIAL ?!?I will develop this last point further, comparing it with the first 2 borderland:In the first 2, you had funny boss, that sometimes shout anthological punchlines, and had a funny describing text.In pre sequel you have boring boss, they are few, not differents from the regular ennemies (for exemple, the very 2 first boss are just regular ennemies later).Their bottom line text are boring as well or completely out of the context ( Who the ♥♥♥♥ thought putting a line such as ""Time to grow some"" for a boss had any laughing material in the context this boss is ?)Some times in borderland 2, random ennemies thrown some funny lines at unexpected moment (I remember a mythical ""Bring me a bucket and I will show you a bucket"" out of nowhere while i was exploding a bandit). In pre sequel, forget this, you won't have any. It will be serious stuff (too serious for borderland in my opinion).One of the only part that bring the fun back are the proeminence of the CL4P-TP , either as a player or pnj, that add random funny line in the game.Even Moxxi, the sexy part of this game, doesn't make as wonderful sex references as in the 2 others games, in pre-sequel she is just a pin up that know mechanic.Do you expect almost ANY pnj you encounter to be introduced like a boss borderland style ? Because in pre sequel, even a pnj that will be in the story for JUST 10 minutes before dying, and not even by your hand, will be introduced like a boss, with its boring bottom line and so on (The Merif).Torgue ? Marcus ? Dr Zed ? Sir Hammerlock ? Where are they ?Who the ♥♥♥♥ is Nina ? A nurse yes, but no background, no explanation, just a bit of information in one main quest, but not much. And this is true for almost every PNJ you will encounter, you know nothing about them, they die or dissapear as soon as you heard about them, thus it won't leave you any emotional moment (like with the angel) when they die, except for one, but it is because you share a bit of missions with her (Felicity).So yes, the story is darker than the 2 others borderlands (especially when reaching the end) and thus maybe the whole game was intended to be like that. But seriously, with a little bit of thought, it would have been possible to add way more jokes, way better text for the boss, way funnier characters that wouldn't have change the deep meaning of the story, like in borderland 2."
,Not Recommended,261640,21399530,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Winstontaneous,"I own every game in the Borderlands series, and I am eagerly anticipating Battleborn, another GEARBOX game, however, I CANNOT fully endorse this game.Pros:Interesting Vault Hunters, though I think the best are the 2 DLC characters.More guns!Lasers!Cons:The best vault hunters are the 2 DLC's. Athena is 3rd best I guess?TOO MANY returning guns. You don't get enough diversity, just some BL 2 weps, reskins, slight variations, etc.Oh, and a lot of the new unique guns for this game are MORE TALKING GUNS.The humor, if you can call it that, is the weakest entry in the series.This game is so irritating, and it does it on purpose.To reiterate, this game actually hates you, the player.You see, this is what happens when you hand off a project to the B-team. 2K Aus tried, but they ultimately failed to make a worthy chapter in the Borderlands canon. If 2K were From Software, then Borderlands would be Dark Souls, Borderlands 2 would be Bloodbourne, and I guess Borderlands TPS was trying to be Dark Souls 2. Dark souls 2 is at least a good game. It's not great, it's just good. They took the original and updated the combat mechanics a lot, made a ton of new weapons, while keeping some staples of the series, and gave us the next chapter of the story. While the bosses weren't all great, (Dude in armor for a majority of the 21 bosses there) at least they weren't some of the annoying bosses like Deadlift found here.This game actively tries to make you want to not play it. At all times, there is some NPC talking away, interrupting anything you wanted to do, like listen to Echo recordings that you have found, because they are so ♥♥♥♥ing ADHD that they prompt you do do♥♥♥♥♥♥every ♥♥♥♥ing 4 seconds. Grinders, Claptraps, Jack, all of them constantly talking, even if the prompt were programmed to go off after 20 seconds that would be a relief but this game doesn't have the goddamn patience to let you explore, which was an attractive feature in BL 1-2. Even the Claptastic Voyage DLC actively tries to annoy you with.... Just... you have to see it... I can't.... POP-UPS. YES. You read that correctly. Someone decided to add popups, glitches, and viruses..... AS A GAME MECHANIC?!@?!?!??!?!?@?@?!??@On top of that there's the stupidest map designs, which was also a weakness in Dark Souls 2. Instead of looping around and finding a shortcut back to a travel station like BL2 and Dark Souls, it instead copies Dark Souls 2 in having levels that are just long stretches that you run through, often stymied by lava (of the instant-death variety) and badasses. OK maybe the badasses in BL2 weren't actually hard enough, they just absorbed more bullets, but in TPS, every ♥♥♥♥ing badass has a rocket launcher or a laser, and you're pretty much guaranteed to go into FFYL mode without your action skill, even sometimes with. Grinding seems to be the only way to beat them because if you are both the same level, the game is not working in your favor.Final Verdict: Seems like 2K just want your money at this point, which is a shame because Gearbox was doing some very interesting things. Also this game is like an annoying kid that you hang out with only because he lives on your street, but he's so ADHD that you just want to grab them and shake him violently while screaming at him to just shut the hell up for a minute.4.5/10 - If this game didn't actively try to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off at every turn, it might be worth returning to. As it stands, just watch a ""Borderlands TPS the Movie"" video on youtube to get the story, if you need to."
,Recommended,261640,31929445,Posted: 23 May,all,zaganos,+
76561198119476478,Recommended,261640,12688508,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Oranod_PotatoLord,This is a great game in my honest opinion as i've played every game in the franchise that is to be expcected if you are a new comer to th franchise i would rcommend not getting this and get Borderlands 1 or 2 first because you will be very confused if you play this as your first game in the franchise for people returning you play as claptrap enough said.
76561197993288786,Not Recommended,261640,22802359,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Invest,"Borderlands 2 was awesome. This game though sucks, I really dislike this hopping around on the planet. Just give me normal movement and some monsters to shoot, will ya?"
,Recommended,261640,12516899,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,colruttiman,"form playing from day one as CL4P-TP ( A.K.A Claptrap) i have to say this game is awesome! the new laser weapons are really cool an freezing the scavs with the cryo elements is really awesome!!  also the low gravity really add to the dynamic of the game an having to worry bout your O2 level do add a sense of risk (unless your claptrap whos a robot an dont need oxagen) an the fact you can use that O2 i diffrent ways mans it can empty real quick (reviving friends, butt slamming, or jump boost). also instead of eridium (from BL2) you got these things called moon rocks for blackmarketing an other stuff (will explain the other stuff in a bit) an unlike eridium moon rocks as acutally quite easly obtained. now in the pre sequeal we got some intresting new stuff 1 being a grinder: the grinder is use to grind up worthless crap (weapons mainly havent tryed the other stuff) in to something better (hopefully). to use it  you need to put 3 of the same rarity an type (e.x 3 white pistols) an it will grind it up an u could get another item that is the say rarity or 1 teir up (e.x 3 whites could come out as 1 green) now if you used moon roccks it will always come out the best it can come out as. now scattered acrossed Elpis and chest that cost moon rocks an so far always give out purple an possiblly better.so thats it enjoy your stay on elpis!"
76561198085800429,Recommended,261640,12701869,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SoulMaster,"♥♥♥♥ING EXPLOSIONS!!!!!!!!!!!ITS LIKE BORDERLANDS 2, BUT WITH MORE LOOT, LESSER GRAVITY AND LASERSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IF YOU LOVED THE FIRST TWO GAMES IN THE BORDERLANDS SERIES, WELL DONT GET YOUR HOPES UP, BECAUSE THERE IS NO WAY YOUR EXPECTATIONS CAN BE NEARLY AS GREAT AS THE ACTUAL GAME!!!!!!!!!Oh yeah and you can play as ClapTrap."
,Not Recommended,261640,25540191,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ѭ Ares➍Twenty,"I have spent two years periodicly attempting to fix the same problem ive been having since launch. Whenever I contact support I never get a fix, I ask the community I never get a fix. I have had enough. This game may be worth it or not, but two years of attempts is way to much for anything less than a perfect game.Update: I have spent over 10 hours in the last week trying to get this to work. Read through every forum post, support ticket, and discussions and still not a single working solution. Nearly all the people who have suffered from this problem outright stop trying.2K Australia is complete crap."
76561198043764066,Recommended,261640,18207720,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,IkoN Clan Les legi 102 community,NiCE.....just need more dlc!!! plz MORE DLC
76561198032914268,Not Recommended,261640,21918440,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,crazie8,This is a glorified larger than usual BL2 DLC and nothing more. And even then they managed to screw it up with this cheap knock off. Cash grab spotted!2/10
76561198047292191,Not Recommended,261640,24965229,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DurkahDurkahDurkah,"Bought this game the day it came out, the comedy was watered down australian feminist humor. They shove the identity politics♥♥♥♥♥♥right in your face, the gravity mechanics meant you were falling in a canyon more than jumping over it until you get the jet bike and never drive the car again. The story was not nearly as good as BL2. It was also shorter than BL2 by a decent margin."
,Recommended,261640,23899963,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,vicEPresi,"I was tired of getting hit on by beautiful women every time I went out in public, and then I bought this game. Problem solved."
76561198012152874,Not Recommended,261640,33389228,Posted: 8 July,all,Horizon,wtf
76561198052035816,Recommended,261640,12495259,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Toshar,"So far it is not that bad. The vehicle jumping sucks, some enemies are annoying and mini-bosses respawn when you go through an area which is annoying as all heck but so far not too bad."
76561198063355600,Recommended,261640,12506046,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Finchy22,You can BUTT SLAM people in ice and shatter them. Nuff said.
76561198055288260,Recommended,261640,12496662,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Big Zaddy,7/10
,Not Recommended,261640,23390661,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Onkel Stinkern' McMøkkakjeller,"I can think of a handful of reasons to play this game instead of borderlands 2, and a lot of reasons to not play it.The good things are: You can glide in the air, there are a few new weapons, there are new classes.The bad things, well some of the more annoying ones:- When questgivers are talking, you can't see the location of your objective, and sometimes can't progress at all. They talk a lot.- The humor is crap, so whenever said questgivers rant on and on it is incredibly boring. Basically you get a free bathroom break every time you pick up a quest, or pick up a quest item. You better suffer from incontinence if you don't want to waste time with this.- Everyone is Australian, sometimes also a kid. Sometimes australian kid questgiver. You can figure out on your own why this is annoying.- Has been out for a long time, but endgame content is severely lacking.This might not seem like a big deal, but it basically means that the game is borderlands 2 with tons of boring, unskippable, progress hindering dialogue and very, very few new features. This is not an improvement in any way. Stick to Borderlands 1&2."
,Not Recommended,261640,25997284,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ax3l_,I'm a huge borderlands fan but I dont recommened this game. The fact that the theme of it its being on the moon and fighting is just not fit to what I got use to from the other 2 borderlands.
76561198078951962,Not Recommended,261640,14953025,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sexy Beef Friend,space jumping and o2 tanks.. wow what a fail
,Recommended,261640,16375338,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Negromancer,"called Nell a♥♥♥♥♥♥in game for a dead guy, he broke down in tears. best game 2015 11/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,16318766,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SPIDER-MANE,terrible game
76561198117757661,Recommended,261640,12937094,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,smokeypurrpu,Love It
76561198059372699,Not Recommended,261640,16363005,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Archaedia,"Do not buy this game, you will regret it.Tried posting a review stating all of my issues but everytime I've tried it deletes my review."
76561197976612595,Recommended,261640,17383472,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,MechZahn,"I was not a very a big Borderlands fan. Mainly due to the redonkulious fact that the season pass for Borderlands 2 never ever goes on sale and even if it did doesn't cover all the content. Bummed out I stopped playing...until Tales from Borderlands came out. Then I dived back in, still wished Borderland 2 season pass would go on sale, then this game goes on sale and for 25 dollars you get the game and the season pass!Speechless.The story focuses on how Handsome Jack came to be so powerful and feared by those living on Pandora. You play as one of four (sans the two add on characters that is) Vault Hunters he hired to help him find a vault on Pandora's moon, Elipus. The crazy part is by the time you get thier an invasion has taken hold of Helios Station forcing you to escape for a time to the moon's surface. Now this is where is gets really good. The gravity in the entire game is altered. Warning owuld be going back to previous titles will be hard because once you get use to the oxgen mechanic which lets you burts jump one extra time mid air it gets really addicting. Plus the new Vault Hunters (CA4P-Trap included) are pretty cool once you get the hang of them.I won't spoil anything else but by far a really fun ride, almost at the end of the main mission myself but plenty of side stuff and DLC to play afterward which makes me feel at home and not like I left half of the experince waiting on some server somewhere. Grateful and having a good time!"
76561198043383639,Recommended,261640,20870928,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Territorial Pissings,What BL2 should have been
76561198103499404,Recommended,261640,14964768,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Robohobo,I like things. This game is one of them
76561198149934978,Recommended,261640,14964662,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Razyke,Awesome game :D
76561198138242740,Recommended,261640,14964743,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,R4WFLESH,Just one amazing funny game!!!!
76561198060735105,Recommended,261640,14963139,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,HouÑDy^^,uh what a game:3
76561198029469791,Not Recommended,261640,27165507,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bommafan,copy paste
,Recommended,261640,26470063,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DO I HAVE A LIFE,"Ummm, whats Borderlands?10/10, would play it if my computer wasn't made on cardboard"
76561197973294493,Not Recommended,261640,14760529,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sanotsuke,just bought this like 2 days ago. -.- now there discount. sad
76561198091585738,Recommended,261640,19489061,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dave The Bird Assistant,10/10 Needs more lens flares
76561198064832095,Recommended,261640,16440883,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BB|AntMan254,░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▌▒█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▌░░░  - Such shooting░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░  - Much looting░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░  - Very guns░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒▐░░░  - Wow░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░░░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░░░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌░▀▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐░▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▄▒▒▐░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░░░░
76561197960573382,Not Recommended,261640,13983937,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,LuCiFeR ™,"I was really hyped to get this game since I played BL2 almost everyday and had all the charecter maxxed out, but i decided to hold on a little because sequels generally dont go well. I waited for the Christmas sales and BINGO, 50% off so i bought it for 25 euro.The thing is that the BL Pre Sequel has nothing going for it, It`s repetive and down right boring. I`m just playing it because I`m a fan. I dont think i will be purchasing the season pass unless it goes on sale at 90% off, then i would be tempted just to say that i have it in my Steam library.Dont buy yet, wait for the whole package with the season pass when it goes on sale for 5 euro."
76561198095693326,Recommended,261640,20277712,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Youtube|BBedits,"I was wondering how this Borderlands would top Borderlands 2 but it did. The Pre-Sequel is the best game I have ever played. I had the game for 2 days and had 20ish hours on it and I have completed the game and the dlc, so I think I could make a fair opinion of the game. The game explains pretty much how Jack became Handsome Jack and how everything began. It was crazy playing this after beating Borderlands 2 because you start seeing connections between the two games which led one thing to another. The bosses, weapons and dlc are so sick. Just buy the game."
,Recommended,261640,17307326,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,The Big Kahuna,Great game Great DLC Great replayability few glitches and bugs but all around epic game
76561198132792574,Not Recommended,261640,32029710,Posted: 28 May,all,armoredrobot,"After I quite liked Borderlands 1 and haaaated Borderlands 2, I decided to give the series another shot with the Pre-Sequel. Unfortunately, it's more like 2 than 1, which I honestly should have expected, because Borderlands 2 sold, like, 12 million copies or some ridiculous amount like that—twice as many as the original—and I'm sure they wanted to capitalize on that profitability as soon as possible. Anyway, because it's a lot like 2, I'm not a fan.The game gives you stuff right at the start for having played Borderlands 2, which I never like because it feels like cheating. The weapons and gear you get outclass anything else you'll get for 5 levels or so, and it just seems unfair.The interface is the same as Borderlands 2's—that is to say, bad. It's not only awkward, but the fact that it's all floaty and angular makes it harder to comprehend. It shouldn't be hard to figure out that this is a bad idea, but here we are.The game's also mechanically identical to Borderlands 2. All the systems are the same, the same gun physics and modifiers are still there, Badass Tokens are still a thing for some reason, and a lot of assets are reused. Again, I like Borderlands 1's versions of these things more, so this was mildly disheartening to see and even more disheartening to use throughout the game.The writing is fairly inconsistent. Sometimes the characters are actually interesting and the jokes are actually funny, but other times it's just Borderlands 2's style again, which basically equates to Internet humor as imitated by the world's most cynical hack writer.One thing I did like was my player character. I chose Wilhelm, which was the right decision. I found his abilities useful, and his character amused me, too. He reminds me of Archer's Pam, willing to do just about anything if asked and always up for something new. I also empathized with his desire to replace parts of him with super-powerful robotic replacements. He has a wonderful relationship with Jack, too. They shamelessly enable one another, with Jack supporting Wilhelm's cyborging goals and Wilhelm constantly assisting Jack as he slowly spirals into paranoid insecurity, rage, and egomania (another example of actually good writing and acting). I enjoyed their conversations, even if the rest of the game's dialogue made me mildly annoyed.Borderlands's protagonists also return once again, and continue to be the most likeable characters in the game by a country mile.Borderlands physics still feel pretty weightless, even outside of the game's (admittedly entertaining) low-gravity gameplay.There's a new gameplay mechanic n that you have to keep track of how much oxygen you have when you're in the vacuum of space, but oxygen is all over the place and the consequences for not having any are minimal, so it ends up being quite minor.The Borderlands series has always had fairly good gun feel and mission variety.However, the main thing that sinks Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel for me is the same thing that sunk Borderlands 2, and that's the repetitiveness of the gameplay. You will fight waves and waves and waves of infinitely-respawning enemies, all of whom have some dumb gimmick that flashes particle effects all over your screen and makes them harder to kill. They'll keep coming and keep coming, not even trying to hide the fact that there'll never be any less of them, and you'll eventually run out of ammunition (which is why you don't have limited ammo and infinite enemies in the same game), and then money as continued deaths take more and more. Luckily, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is short for a Borderlands game, so it doesn't get as bad as 2, but it's still infinitely more tiresome than I can express. I'm fine with a defined task—like killing all of the enemies in a room—but if the game makes it clear that this is a task with no end whatsoever, I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Borderlands 1 had this problem a little bit, but I don't remember it being nearly this bad.So in summary, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel can eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥ though not as large or repulsive a♥♥♥♥♥♥as Borderlands 2."
76561198256245225,Not Recommended,261640,26302110,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,typicalasshat,"I'll be honest, as a borderlands fan I hated this one.  The odd neon color scheme was too much for me.  It's an absolute eye sore, literally.  I played for maybe an hour or so and I was done.  I tried to like it but I don't care for it."
76561198067184719,Recommended,261640,13976063,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Manny Pardo,"Whelp,What can i say. This is a game. It was a letdown. It made me cry. The game was fun, but lasted 8 hours and has no end game. Wilhelm was cool tho.8/8 you wot mate"
,Not Recommended,261640,29576273,Posted: 29 January,all,Silphen,"I wish there was a option for those that neither want to recommend, nor stear people from a game.The good:Typical Borderlands stuffStoryThe bad:Everything elseFirst off, the UI is unresponsive a LOT when picking up other players. The downed person cannot be moving, aiming, or anything that would otherwise cause their sprite to twitch...or it interupts/prevents getting picked up.Glitching boss fights. Happened once with one boss, no big. Not ever game is perfect. But then it happened with another, and another, and another....It only seems to occur in multiplayer though. If one person dies during a boss fight, the boss just vanishes and all players have to kill themselves for it to respawn (an issue you'd think would have been fixed over 2 years after launch).Scaling. Borderlands has always been known for it's♥♥♥♥♥♥scaling. Starts off stupid easy, then gets impossibly hard (at least for 2 and 3 player playthroughs). Never played solo nor with a full team. The boss fights get overly complicated. It's not even a mechanics issues per se...it's just that they make bosses launch 50+ missiles while shooting lasers and dropping nukes on you (literally, that is one of the boss fights, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not!) while you have 10+ big guys swarming the map all shooting/sniping you with random variants of weapons (mostly more lasers). Now, this might not be such a big deal...if gear and credits weren't so scarce. By scarce, I meant I'm level 24 and STILL getting level 16-18 drops. So I have hardly any gear thats my level, and buying a new shield alone cost me 9k of my 13k credits...so...yeah....I'm no diehard Borderlands fan. Quite honestly, I think the franchise was a niche that was successful and should have been a 1 off game. The series has decayed, the new games are worse and not better....I don't know. Battleborn, a whole new branch from Gearbox, provided me a much better experience than this game.If you're not a die hard Borderlands fan, catch this on sale or some cheap 3rd party source. If I wanted a game this poorly scaled and overly difficult for no reason whatsoever, I'd go buy Dark Souls 3 (oh wait, I did!).Now, again, this is based on my experience with a 2 man party. I have not tried this game solo, nor do I intend to. Quite honestly, if it weren't for Player 2, I'd never touch this game again. When/if I beat it, player 2 will never see me on again. One and done."
,Recommended,261640,13975549,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Eadie,You can play as a robot which turns into a pirate ship! need I say more!
,Recommended,261640,27099905,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valentine~<3,hey thats pretty good B
,Recommended,261640,32809863,Posted: 26 June,all,aZuraii#LMN8,"Even though its a so-called ""Pre-Sequel"" its better than the 2nd one. The Mechanics are Awesome! The 0 Gravity part is the most Fun part"
76561198119118597,Not Recommended,261640,28150658,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Crash,many game breaking bugs
,Not Recommended,261640,32754074,Posted: 24 June,all,Let me show you my TRUMP CARDS,a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥disgrace to the borderlands series
76561198127540102,Not Recommended,261640,33170728,Posted: 2 July,all,🎀Vulture culture🎀,"This game is a far sight worse than its predecessor, with restricted loot in comparison to other borderlands games and non farmable bosses the pre sequel is probably the worst in the series."
76561198236729082,Recommended,261640,30093916,Posted: 21 February,all,Al Pacino,11/10
,Recommended,261640,20533365,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Yoink,4/10 Cringe worthy jokes and the gun play sucks but its ok I guess
,Not Recommended,261640,29019089,Posted: 4 January,all,[DJ] Spy in a box,"Always freezes up! Can't play very well without freezing! Everytime I go to the desktop and back, it just shows a black screen and I can't do anything! I have to restart my damn computer everytime that happens, and it pisses me off!"
,Not Recommended,261640,33068914,Posted: 30 June,all,Antonio kontos,Lost the heart of the original series kinda disapointed about the pace and atmosphere of  elpis wasent like pandora and it was bland
76561198063590080,Recommended,261640,15091444,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,vanekdud,oo ja
,Not Recommended,261640,25214131,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,igor_mortis,The writing for this game looks like it was done by a lobotomized dachshund. And that's probably being unfair to lobotomized dachshunds everywhere.
76561198156914586,Recommended,261640,20360158,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RobsoN,"You can play as Claptrap 'nuf said! Things are about to get AWESOME!This game is brilliant! I have rarely played such a cool game. I loved Borderlands 2, so I thought I'd check out this game too!At first I thought it was all too weird with this low gravity stuff but as I got more and more into the game and the story I kinda liked it.If you like Borderlands just get it!"
,Recommended,261640,12687757,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,2 saxy 4 u,there is a hoverbike...with this you can fly into the sky...then slam into some unsuspecting ****** blowing him into a million bits...while claptrap sernades you...cons-drop rates can be slow with a lack of weapon boxes-claptrap doesnt sing enough
,Recommended,261640,12495777,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mr.ButtStuff,I love borderlands so much and this just adds to it. If you love borderlands then you will love this game.
,Recommended,261640,12496604,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Computer,"It's Borderlands. Either you love borderlands, or you hate borderlands. The Pre-Sequel is pretty much a DLC that was too large to make it a DLC, so they made a game off of it. The skill trees seem to be a bit more balanced, so your skill points may tend to be distributed pretty evenly over your skill tree. Reminder, this is pretty much a copy-paste game with a few extras from borderlands 2. These things include the following:Concious of oxygen levels while in spaceBoost and launch pads to help project your player in said directionMore balanced skill treeThe ""Grinder""Moonstones are plentiful and easy to get (so far)Guns in safe from previous versions roll overBadass Points roll overSome Moonstones are transfered for a ""Loyalty"" bonus beginning gameIt's still borderlands, just a large expansionIf you're a borderlands fan, this ""DLC"" is worth the buy.Feel free to jump in my game anytime!"
76561198026412066,Recommended,261640,12496829,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Aidyn,"As always, another fine product from GearBox. This one really has everything needed to make it awesome: Low gravity, jump pads, explosive start, lasers, etc. On the downside, I have to endure Claptrap every time I play. They did warn me NOT to play it, but did I listen? Of course not! Now paying the price by listening to him making knock-knock jokes.More seriously now, PROS:Seeing Jack being scared as hell, and not trying to hide it.Being able to play as claptrap.Great humour (even more than precedent titles)And as always: will work well on a 10 years old PC, but can also use all the advantages of a modern gaming PC. I mean... XP? Dual core? Geforce 8500? If you don't have this, and plan to game, there's a problem.Early bonuses if you have Borderlands 1 and/or 2.Being able to use class ability earlier than before (level 3 instead of 5).CONS:Seeing Jack.Being able to play as Claptrap.Found a few bugs/glitches in the first few quests (npc walking on a wall, not being able to turn a quest...) but nothing that stoped me from playing. For the bug in turning the quest, simply went and did another quest for the same NPC, and then I could turn both.This game is another proof that you can't always judge by reviews on metacritics... especially when one says ""If you like the other titles, you'll like this one. 65%""..."
76561197971857784,Recommended,261640,12503532,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Thindle,Keeps the spirit of the first two while expanding the system with new loot. Loving it.
,Not Recommended,261640,19688574,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mongo,"Terrible game.  I don't know what 2k was going for, but if the intent was to pour a bunch of ""suck"" into a Borderlands title, then they got it.This game is simply awful.  I bought it because the reviews all said it was good, but as it turns out most of those reviews are blind♥♥♥♥♥ stupid♥♥♥♥♥fanboys who lie like liberals and would tell you that eating moose♥♥♥♥♥♥tastes like caviar, just because they think it's funny for you to waste your money on that moose♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198157439550,Recommended,261640,12500227,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ridehard2000,the only thing i do not like fbout this game is that it says it updating on the title screen and it dosent load
,Recommended,261640,22823641,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Gandhi,Did the whole game in less then 50 Hrs (-the dlc) probably wasn't worth it at the time but still a good game and follow up to the classic
76561198022953240,Recommended,261640,15226759,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,borderlands the pre-sequel! : แดนเถื่อนแห่งดาวแพนโดร่า ภาค กำเนิด JACK(7.5/10 A+ )ภาคต่อที่จะเล่าเรื่องที่เกิดขึ้นในระหว่างภาคหนึ่งกับสอง เล่าถึงสาเหตุที่ว่าทำไมแจ็คถึงเลวแล้วรู้ความลับของแพนโดร่าได้ยังไงก็รีวิวให้ไปอ่านของภาค2ได้เลย แต่เดียวจะพูดเรื่องของที่สิ่งเพิ่มเข้ามาให้แทนภาคนี้ดูเหมือนว่าจะเน้นหนักไปทางออนไลน์ซะมากกว่าเนื้อหา เพราะดูจากความยากที่เพิ่มมากขึ้นจากภาคที่่แล้ว ศัครูที่มีจำนวนเยอะขึ้น และอีกสิ่งหนึ่งที่แฟนๆของเกมชอบ และเพิ่มเข้ามาคงจะเป็น ปืน ที่มีเยอะกว่าภาคก่อนสิ่งหนึ่งที่ถูกเพิ่มเข้ามาคงจะเป็น ระบบแรงโน้มถ่วง เพราะว่าเราอยู่ในอวกาศจึงทำให้กระโดดสูงๆได้ แรกจะมึนๆอยากอ้วก เล่นไปซักพักก็ไม่ชินไม่รู้เป็นอะไร ระะบบแรงโน้มถ่วงผมว่ามันช่วยให้การต่อสู้ดูสนุกมากขึ้น แต่ผมมองว่าคนที่เวียนหัวง่ายจะเล่นไม่สนุก เพราะบางฉากกระโดดสูงได้ บางฉากไม่ได้มันจะมึนๆภาพ : ยังคงเป็นแบบเดิม คือ การ์ตูนแต่เหมือนว่าผู้พัฒนาเขาจะปรับภาพนิดๆหน่อยๆให้ดีมากขึ้น ทั้งยังเก็บรายละเอียดปลีกย่อยอย่าง เวลายิงน้ำกรดใส่ศัตรู ตัวศัตรูก็จะละลายไม่เหมือนภาคที่แล้วที่เวลาตายก็นอนแข็งทื่อ อีกอย่างที่ผมชอบคือเวลายิง ในสภาพไร้แรงโน้มถ่วงเลือดของศัตรูก็จะรอยไปรอยมาเหมือนในอวกาศจริงๆA.I. : ปรับให้เปรตและกวนตีนกว่าภาคที่ 2สรุป: โดยรวมก็ถือว่าใช้ได้ เล่นสนุกดี เหมือนภาคนี้ทำออกมาให้แฟนหายคิดถึงซะมากกว่า ส่วนมากเกมจะหนักไปทางผู้เล่นหลายคน เพราะเอาตรงๆเนื้อเรื่องภาคนี้ถือว่าไม่เด่น เหมือนกับว่าทำภาคนี้ออกเพื่อประกาศว่า borderlands มีภาค3 แน่นอน(ลองไปดู ending ของเกมได้) โดยส่วนตัว ถือว่าไม่ค่อยคุ้มเท่าไรกับเนื้อหาสั้นๆในราคา 1490 ถ้าให้ดีซื้อตอนลดราคาคุ้มกว่า
76561197973437824,Not Recommended,261640,30673997,Posted: 22 March,all,Bertie Ahern,Do you like Jumping puzzles that arent even good in the Portal way? - this game is for you!Do you like really crappy story narratives you cant skip? - this game is for you!This is basically like an expansion for borderlands 2 - avoid.
,Recommended,261640,12514401,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TexasCobbler,10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,261640,12514784,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MR BOMBASTIC FANTASTIC ROMANTIC,"9/10Game still has some bugs on it, but other than that, this game is outstanding, the looting system is still as good as ever, and playing the multiplayer is very fun!"
76561198088963419,Recommended,261640,12516068,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,The Vision,"IN PROGRESS REVIEWSo far, the Pre-Sequel has been exactly what it needs to be. More Borderlands. It does enough to keep things fresh, but keep the same formula that made Borderlands 2 so succesful."
76561197990643240,Not Recommended,261640,20063170,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AlthosSilverwing,"Game concepts have been altered and that alteration is causing random movement, complete lock out of the keys, forcing you to manually restart your computer. This is by far, the worst Borderlands so farCase in Point: Was just attempting to drive a moon buggy. all it would do is cookies, then the game crashed. And before anyone asks, this is a brand new keyboard, right out of the box."
76561197970641886,Not Recommended,261640,34522994,Posted: 27 August,all,One_Eyed_Willie,"I suppose my negative review is mainly because I am comparing it to Borderlands 2. When you compare the two, this game looks like a cheap knockoff that is trying to be funny, but falling flat on it's face. The graphics are identical, and the only difference is the low gravity gameplay. The game was also sold as a full game independant of Borderlands 2, but was pretty short, and played more like a DLC than a full game. (Tiny Tina's DLC in Borderlands 2 was almost as long, and was way more entertaining) the only thing I liked in the game was Athena. The character was well designed, and fun to play compared to the rest. I was actually feeling bad for gearbox about a quarter of the way through, because it had me wondering how a company who put out borderlands 2 could put out such a low quality game. (then i played battleborne and felt even worse.)I give the game about 2 out of five stars, and the only reason I gave it 2 was due to it's graphics and gameplay physics from Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,23743060,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mershed Perderders,Meh.
76561198056691286,Not Recommended,261640,20948492,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Mike Crawl,"Terrible game, the price is not worth it, its a dlc for bl2 and its the worst one yet."
,Not Recommended,261640,22890917,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Kung Fu Kenny,Missions are way too hard and annoying to do.  im really disappointed :( borderlands 2 was way better
,Recommended,261640,12494969,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,MedgindaryMark,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel isn't game that redefines what Borderlands 2 was. Which is neither a good nor a bad thing. Simply put if you liked Borderlands 2 you will like this game and if you didn't then chances are you most likely won't. Another crucial thing to consider is that this is a game in which it's best moments come from playing with your friends. Sure you can enjoy a single player run through but there is nothing like taking a weekend off and just playing through with 3 other people leveling up, collecting loot and hunting those ever so illusive legendarys. I haven't played too much of it yet (still waiting for friends to pick it up) but I can tell you that it definitely feels like Borderlands. Whether or not that is a bad thing is up to you. Happy loot hunting!"
76561197984039108,Not Recommended,261640,35391152,Posted: 1 October,all,Dreiraben,"This piece of software is a broken mess. It is rather unstable and crashes upon every second launch. It is filled to the brim with bugs, the ""AI"" is horrid and is afk most of the time anyways. The writing is an empty shell they tried to fill with what they thought would be popcultural humour. The music is just so half arsed, cheap and generic that I had to turn it off before I could even finish one playthrough. The worst part is: it is not all bad. Often when I play BL2 I catch myself thinking ""oh boy I could use some beamlaser-jetpack-fun, why havent I played the pre sequel for such a long time?!"" And then when I launch the game I know why, and then I swear to myself to never touch this game again. I guess it wasnt the worst idea that the team responsible for it got canned, but I just hope that Borlderands 3 includes some of the few things that were fun in this implementation of this series. I would pick it up in a sale and try it out, but at full price its just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,261640,35360649,Posted: 30 September,all,Welish,"Not worth your time. Unless you've played all of bl2 and the dlc, you can give this game a shot but be warned that this game is very lacking and overall boring."
,Recommended,261640,23898436,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Krabic,"I am a borderlands fan and even that this one is basically the same as borderlands 2, I really like it ;) Low gravity is fun."
76561198064623007,Not Recommended,261640,18330706,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"Don't play on windows 10Good game, but unstable on Win10 and crashes a lot. Wouldn't buy if I knew it would be this bad"
,Recommended,261640,21155390,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DookieLover,"Great game! Although I don't like all the running around, in Borderlands 2 it has alot more action. I feel like The Pre-Sequel is just making fun of Borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,13603099,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ninja Turtles,"Note, I am comparing base game to base game.  It is unfair to compare a 3 year old game discounted to hell with all of its dlc compared to a 6 month old game without its dlc and hasn't gotten a price cut yet.Borderlands The Pre-Sequel!  Now with lasers and thousands of ice puns!Pros:+Balanced UVHM mode with the removal of Slag+New Element, Cryo, which freezes enemies and multiplies crit, melee, and explosive damage+New gun type, Lasers, cause PEW PEW motherf*ckers, replaces the E-Tech guns plus more types+The oxygen kit which replaces relics, allows you to boost your jumps and have unique bonuses in vacuum or in atmosphere, also Gravity Slams to knockback enemies+Better Story that links Borderlands with Borderlands 2, and feels like it is in between+Better Skill Trees, as in synergy, everyone is well off in UVHM, and you can get two end capstones without buying an upgrade level pack+Classes aren't your generic ""Siren, Tank, Soldier guy with Sentry, and Sniper""+Voice responses for each class extends to the story, sidequests, and to each other as well+Full Narration for the story, and a different narration for TVHM+The grinder allows you to turn the infinite garbage loot you get into something less cruddy+The new vehicles are alot more fun than the ones in previous games (except maybe the monster in General Knoxx's Armory)Cons-Shorter than Borderlands 2 Base game, as in less sidequests-Lack of raid bosses-Overpriced at 60 bucks sadly-Not as many people playing online like Borderlands 2-Respawnable Boss patch is 6 months after the game's release, but is out right now nonetheless-Most legendaries are recycled from Pre-Sequel, with some name changes and a few stat changes, but hey, the Harold is back as the Fragnum!They didn't make this Borderlands 3 for a reason, but I wanted to experience more as a Claptrap with a Discoball on top of his head.  The game's playable characters are well designed compared to previous games, and they all have rather amusing responses to the stories, making replay value stronger.  The game does sacrifice replay value abit in content, but the game is very enjoyable the first time around compared to Borderlands 2.  Overall at the very least, 2K Austrailia nows humor, fun gameplay mechanics, good story, and actually fun to play as characters that don't end up scaling poorly and make it so you have to play as one class (cough gunzerker cough).  The game isn't bad, it just needs abit more.  Otherwise it is a hell alot more fun than Borderlands 2 for the content you are getting that is."
,Recommended,261640,12494937,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,olavthecrossdressingviking,Like Borderlands? Like Borderlands 2? If you do you will like this game.
,Recommended,261640,12504230,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,agelfdude23,"This is an in progress review:4 hours of gameplay: I really wanted to love this game, and its fun don't get me wrong, but I don't think its worth $60."
,Recommended,261640,12495816,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,yung cuckboi 3000,"Three Stooges reference=1,000,000/10"
76561198075430589,Recommended,261640,12489304,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Yamanu,"Borderlands never ceases to make me smile :)This is not an entirely new game, and it feels like it rushes you through the intro level, though not  in a bad way. Kind of like ""you already know what you are doing so I'm not going to bother explaining things to you.""IF YOU HAVE NEVER PLAYED A BORDERLANDS GAME I RECOMMEND PLAYING 1 or 2 FIRST."
76561198011949824,Recommended,261640,12495859,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tiaga,I had a cat... it died10/10
76561197994007641,Not Recommended,261640,22694324,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bucky O Hare,"Gearbox is getting pretty meta.Not only did they set this game before the first two games, but it is actually worse in almost every way to the frist two games. It's like they really did want you to feel like it came out back when content wasn't important, stories made no sense, and characters were terrible stereotypes.P.S. I still love Scooter.P.P.S. I guess this wasn't set before the first one despite Angel being a manipulative♥♥♥♥♥♥in Borderlands 1, so Jack is actually a bad guy from the beginning of the pre-sequel? Ah, ♥♥♥♥ this. This story sucks."
,Not Recommended,261640,14478422,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BOWER I UK,Terrible and boring game. Waste of money
,Not Recommended,261640,14794997,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Jan,I don't think its recommended game it's the same as Borderlands 2 might even be worser. The game dosen't have anything new to show but new guns and new gimic and the gimic is just a worser version of double jump and a ground pound. It has new element damages but it's not enough to make the game any good. So final respond is it's a worser version of Borderlands 2
76561198156206883,Not Recommended,261640,12495679,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SmellsLikeHerpes,Crashes my Computer completely after about 5 minutes of playing all other borderlands work on my pc but this one....  never can past flame knuckler
,Not Recommended,261640,12504360,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,-Dresden-,I found a shotgun that called me a c-u-n-t when I put it away. Ban this sick mysogonist filth. 8.4/10 -IGN
,Recommended,261640,12494901,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,antie97,$60 borderlands 2 dlc
76561198042782024,Not Recommended,261640,12494696,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mc Flaytus,This is not a Borderlands game. it's a call of duty with a BL mod... This game is aweful and a shame to the serie.
76561198034029685,Not Recommended,261640,12508152,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,nilsmay,"My opinion would honestly be far different if this game wasn't listed at $60. My expectations would've been different and I may have not been so unpleasantly disappointed. Far too little content, underdeveloped story and characters, lacking the humor that made 2 fun, etc..at $60 these short comings are just too apparent. ~15 hours of mediocre gameplay would've seemed more fun if I had the expectations of a $20-30 game. As others have mentioned this is more of an over the top DLC than a full title, especially for a franchise that has become so popular. Watching the credits after completing it so quickly all I could think was...""well that was a disappointing cash grab.""Btw, completed the game at level 25 and only made it that far as we grinded out a few levels for the sake of getting the final skill point in a tree. We were  not at all expecting the game to end that early."
,Not Recommended,261640,30569988,Posted: 17 March,all,Turdyberry,its a dissapointment tbh
76561198003734620,Recommended,261640,12688419,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SK74,10/10 i play bl and bl2 but i think by far this is the best bl =Dcheck out my walkthough here -https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrFA8Mts7eDwC6BNscXnysScInwKEh-6sThanks
,Recommended,261640,12688606,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Chief Jeef,I really effing love this game and NOW THERE HAS TO BE ANOTHER ONE YAS
76561198121064396,Recommended,261640,12689980,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Marshy,Cool
,Not Recommended,261640,23027231,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Redamancy 🐾,First person looter.
,Recommended,261640,12507314,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Harold,"You have to had played Borderlands and Borderlands 2, to get the full enjoyment of this game."
76561198047453725,Not Recommended,261640,29873322,Posted: 12 February,all,Lith,As far as the story and most gameplay goes its pretty much on par with borderlands 2. but as for game mechanics its a huge step down. the zero gravity tends to make the game more annoying than fun in combat. the fight for your life bug makes it nearly impossible to solo. Not much replay value.
76561198077894416,Not Recommended,261640,29448550,Posted: 23 January,all,VennHearts,no
76561198046254294,Not Recommended,261640,23709202,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Setz,Can't give claptrap a mohawk 0/10
76561198044295712,Not Recommended,261640,28090959,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zakouraa,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Borderlands and Borderlands 2?  Excellent.  Game of the year for a reason.  This game?  Utter disappointment and significant downgrade.  Pathetically short storyline.  Short DLC.  No real endgame content like its predecessors.  Gimicy space theme can be fun at times, but is more often than not just a nuisance.  I do not exaggerate when I say that this is the worst purchase I have ever made in a video game.  I loved the first two, but they need to pick up the slack big time if they want this series to stay afloat."
,Recommended,261640,17279642,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,luxo,"One of the best Borderlands games i have played so far.-Amazing Storyline fits perfectly with 1 and 2-Your character actually talks now, yay!-Bazillion more Guns, some for BL2 but even better.-Optimization is great.10/10 A great game overall."
,Not Recommended,261640,33697205,Posted: 21 July,all,Chavo,This game is so mind numbingly boring. Just play Borderlands 2 again if you want more Borderlands that bad.
,Recommended,261640,12917117,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,♥Juvin's JuJu ♥,borderlands 3 confirmed
76561198102297414,Recommended,261640,12511301,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,shatteredfriend7,Sure i only have 14 hours in the game but its enough to make a sound judgement of the game. First off if you played previous titles you know at level 5 you unlock your special but in this you unlock it at level 3 which is extremely nice because more skill points who doesnt like that. Secondly the story is extremely addicting and you get more back story to Pandora's greatest facist Jack which is always nice more back story. Third it seems like they boosted the drop rate which i dont know if they did but ive been getting great weapons from my single playthrough. 8/10 i would recommend it to any one and then i would recommend finding friends because like previous titles it gets boring after 150+ hours so friends help with that.
,Recommended,261640,12495543,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Gadsden,I'm enjoying the hell outta of this game.
,Recommended,261640,12494427,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,housewarmer,Space11/10
76561198106646392,Recommended,261640,12495499,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SimplySynthetic,Love it!
76561198069463959,Not Recommended,261640,25021705,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,rupert,its bad
,Recommended,261640,13463328,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MixtapeMonday,"Best Borderlands to date.The features of the low-gravity and double jumping adds a dynamic twist to combat, the laser and cyro weapons are incredibly fun to use, and the plot to the game is awesome. If you're debating on getting this game, quit it and get it right now.9.5/10"
,Recommended,261640,12908732,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bigby Wolf,BUTT SLAM
,Recommended,261640,23992206,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KwennyS || CN,cant beat the first boss 10/10
,Not Recommended,261640,28503917,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,『Rin』 PAIN TRAIN,"An okay game, doesn't shine as much as Borderlands 2. Great game if you like sci-fi however. Slow start as well."
,Recommended,261640,30229550,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
,Not Recommended,261640,23321335,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Where's the Pepsi?,"An absolutely appalling excuse of a video game. Ladies and gentleman, this is a fantastic example of how NOT to make a game. 2K Australlia went bankrupt shortly after this game's release and, after playing this game, I no longer wonder why.Thanks Gearbox.xoxoxox    -Me"
,Recommended,261640,12908144,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MarineOnTheCeiling,See Borderlands 2 review...
76561198123417671,Recommended,261640,12495647,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,{TDBH} wolfhumper,epicly awesome
76561198089212949,Recommended,261640,12496920,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Doc_Carlson,"So far I've probably gotten through about 2/3 of the story, if the Borderlands 2 story to level combination is the same. And I've accidentally left the game on, so it might not have actually taken this long to get to the point I'm at.Let me just say some things:-The early game is difficult.-Most of the locations have the same feel, although this does not detract from the game in my opinion.-Some of the quests are difficult and require detective work, although this has been prevalent throughout the Borderlands series.-There are some level design bugs, but this does seem to be an extensive game.This game so far has been absolutely fantastic, and I hope it will finish strong. It is addictive, and sometimes annoying, but that is something that we have all dealt with in the past. In some ways this adds to certain parts of the game.Also, to the people saying this should just be DLC, this game seems like it's going to take me longer than my first playthrough of Borderlands 2. So far I would absolutely reccomend this game.(Also I've gotten 2 Bonus Package drops from enemies, so you know, explosions.)"
76561198126159685,Recommended,261640,12869551,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Shanknbabies,thumbs up
,Recommended,261640,12866664,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,(NFLD)Monkey D Newfie (brooker),lasers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!also good story
76561198081002288,Recommended,261640,12516026,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Sydney,"Great game. If you want to play this, you absolutely almost HAVE to have played the other Borderlands games. If not, this game won't make much sense at all. This game takes time after Borderlands 1, but before Borderlands 2. I EXTREMELY suggest this game to anyone who has played Borderlands games and likes the way they play. The story is exciting and addicting and the multiplayer is awesome."
76561197970728128,Recommended,261640,25394363,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,#GLOCK-23,a must own
76561198046675266,Recommended,261640,12959901,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dustin,"This game takes place between the first and second Borderlands.Storyline is really good, and feels a lot like Borderlands 2 with newer features.You get to play as ClapTrap (if you dare) which is pretty cool.Ammo is depleted very fast especially in the first part of the game.I don't know what it is, but just like the others. Very repetitive; do this quest do that quest shoot stuff blah blah.I love Fallout and Elder Scrolls, but Borderlands just doesn't hook me into the game as much, and get really bored of it fast.Anyways, unless you're a Borderlands fan, I would definitely recommend it!8/10"
,Recommended,261640,16653687,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Flipzer,"Shoot and loot again, pretty much Borderlands 2.5.Which, in my opinion, is awesome! :D"
,Not Recommended,261640,35358574,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr.Trollow,absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and so unbalenced
,Recommended,261640,12489212,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Green Bastard,Time to hibernate for me. Loving the game
,Recommended,261640,12494449,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Wolf Pack of Me and ME,"For every Negative Review, is a Player who didn play LawBringer"
,Recommended,261640,14779840,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,LVL 99 Slime,Borderlands 2 was better this is still good but dosn't have the replayability of the second one if you ask me.
76561198048658364,Not Recommended,261640,13842080,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Alpacalypse,"They copied EVERYTHING from Borderlands 2.Same guns, except the funny and effective ones were removed.Same interfaceSame engineSame codingEverything is the same except the horribly unbalanced characters (The gladiator is♥♥♥♥♥♥ while the enforcer is overpowered), the ♥♥♥♥ing 7 hour story and the color-swapped enemies. But somehow, they ♥♥♥♥ it up. The gameplay is unbalanced. When you switch from normal to True Vault Hunter Mode (Re-doing the campaign on an astronomically more unfair difficulty), you suck♥♥♥♥♥♥until you get to level 50, and then promptly destroy everything again. The story is ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic, predictable and boring. Since it's a prequel, Gearbox decided the best course of action was to hastily tie up all loose ends as to the much superior Borderlands 2's plot.I think the only time I laughed was when one of the Dahl soldiers made a Transformers reference, and that is the sign of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.If Call of Duty is yearly $60 DLC, Borderlands: The Pre Sequel is an $80 first day hotfix."
76561198015460645,Recommended,261640,12489339,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[INFBD]DARKjoker,my only issue with the game is that weapons are more difficult to use in space unless you have sa lazer
,Recommended,261640,12489444,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Angry Dwarf,Just drove off another cliff 10/10
,Recommended,261640,12513648,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,nagy,"Third instalment of series. Looks like extremely-overpriced DLC of second game but gameplay reveals a whole lot more. The plot is meaningful, and keeps players playing to find out more, but that might be two games' worth of history speaking. Having played the living daylights out of Borderlands 1 and 2 I will strongly urge all to play but purchase might not be worth the price tag.New content introduced well and tutorial stages are so subtle I had to ask a friend where it was if any. Many signature creatures and almost every main character make their return to bring back those memories all over again - be prepared for a cooperative experience that has not diminished in the slightest.Having been spoiled by stale mechanics I am surprised to feel that this has been the most fun I've had in the franchise. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,261640,12492251,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Philosophorical,"*Haven't played anything, Just seen the beginning cutscene and the start menu*So far, The game looks amazing. The construction of the landscape is beautiful, My only issue is how some of the animations play out, And how poorly done a few textures are. Otherwise this game looks amazing, And I feel I will enjoy it greatly.*10 hours in, level 11 athena singleplayer*This game is great, Definitely a continuation of the borderlands series. However, It is a game that makes you want to punch a cactus and laugh about it. The game is obiviously horribly unbalanced for singleplayer. And when you try to fight something, the way the enemys act is completely random, And frankly it makes it hard to survive. I go into a boss fight with $1,500 I spent ages accumulating. Then, after losing $1000 (It costs money every time you die) I still hadn't beaten the boss."
76561198022751934,Recommended,261640,12487873,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Manabender,"PRELIMINARY REVIEW TO BE IMPROVED LATER:Presequel is pretty much exactly what it was advertised to be: Borderlands in space. The devs have taken advantage of the low-gravity environment. Areas are more vertical, which compliments the low gravity and gravity-slam attack quite well.I'm a bit put off by the smallish 6.16GB size on disk; it makes me think this is going to be more of a plus-sized expansion to BL2 than a standalone game, but that's something a lot of people thought and were OK with to begin. Still, I'm only level 6, so I'll find out in due time.In the teasers, I was a bit concerned by the concept of having limited air, but in practice, it seems to serve no function beyond a little bit of added realism and the added bonus of making human enemies suffocate if you shoot them in the face. With an oz kit with a 119-second capacity of air, I played just as I would in BL2 for about ten minutes, and never went below half air. This is because air pickups drop more often than pants in the playboy mansion. Seriously, they're everywhere. On top of that, if you somehow DO manage to run out of air, the only penalty is that your health slowly trickles away. It'll take at least a couple minutes to die of suffocation.My favorite part was in the opening scene when they called Claptrap a mistake.FIRST EDIT: A few observations...Several things aside from the file size are making it evident this is indeed going to be a shorter adventure than before. For one, moonstones (the analog to eridium) drops a lot more often than eridium did, which makes me think they tried to compress the same amount of eridistones into a shorter game. For another, the world map (shown in the fast travel menu) appears considerably smaller, and more zoomed in to make it take up the same screen space. Still, I believe BL2 was worth a lot more than $60, and I'm still not disappointed about spending $54 (early preorder discount) on this.It's also amazingly clear that 2K-Austrailia was behind this, for more reasons than just the logo on startup. Several NPCs have Austrailian accents, which I have no problem with, but can't help but notice. There's also a distinct lack of more mature language; Austrailian censorship certainly poked around here.Overall, it's pretty clear that presequel is meant primarily as a bridge over the gap between BL2 and BL3. And honestly, that's totally fine with me.Still not done with the game; more to come."
,Recommended,261640,12486818,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ducky,"This game plays very familiar to Borderlands 2. But don't believe others when they tell you ""it's just the same game, but reskinned.""NO.This game is NOT Borderlands 2 reskinned, it is Borderlands 2 IMPROVED.For me, this game makes you move more than Borderlands 2. The way butt slam can be used to combo when attacking an enemy, and how aerial combat is very fun to do in this game.There are also the new lazers and cryo( or ice) weapons. These additions may seem small, but it actually changes the entire game.I also felt like this game is a bit more challenging than the last 2 Borderlands games. It actually makes you feel the events going on in story, and gets you hooked to it.Anyways, here's a list of pros and cons:PROS+ The beautiful Elpis+ Awesome low gravity+ Neat new weapon types+ Jack's funnier in this game+ ACTUAL RESPONSES TO THE NPCs ( It's so interactive.)+ Hyperion and Athena backstory+ LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT+ It still has that good old Borderlands feeling+Raid boss is easy on normal mode.CONS: ( Might contain spoilers)- You get right into the action at the very beginning ( This might be a good thing for others.)- You don't get your 3rd weapon slot by reaching the sanctuary-like city of Concordia compared to borderlands 2 where you get it quickly. (Guess I just have to buy a lot of backpack SDUs)- Some might find the RPG element of the game boring- Some might find the humor immature- You might have some problems with emotions in this borderlands.-You might die a lot.(You do die a lot.)-People might hate how the game uses old legendaries.Well that's all of them.I recommend this game to people who are big fans of the series, but to new players, I recommend getting Borderlands 2 before playing this. (Get it on a summer sale or something.)It's worth all the money.Oh and by the way, this game IS SUPPOSED TO LOOK ALMOST EXACTLY LIKE BORDERLANDS 2 BECAUSE IT DOESN'T EVEN COME AFTER(Well,the main part of the game, since the parts where Athena's narrating is after Borderlands 2) BORDERLANDS 2.If you really don't like this game, might wanna avoid making a negative review because even though that review has some pretty clear points, you're just going to attract some haters."
,Not Recommended,261640,32451834,Posted: 15 June,all,Sollock_,"I'm having trouble finding it enjoyable, just doesn't feel like a Borderlands game"
76561198078401223,Recommended,261640,12495220,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mason - Limitless,"Does anyone else have a problem with borderlands: the pre-sequel freezes in game problem, i'll freeze in middle of game and then i'll need to force shut down my computer and then restart the process, and then i will get pushed back in borderlands and lose my spot where i was..if anyone can help me if so please let me know. because i feel like i am the only one with this problem.. i have a very updated gaming computer recently been built 4 months ago. i feel like it my computer or something, if someone can help me solve this problem that'll be great. i have AMD Radeon HD 7800 series & AMD FX(tm)-8320 eight - core processor. i need help asap. please reply to my post if anyone know anything please. but the game itself is beyond amazing game, just like the rest of the rest of the borderlands games. well played game."
76561198067561082,Recommended,261640,12493737,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mr. Dr. Professor Savage,for the hour or so that ive actually played before wiring this review it is really fun! I persoanally LOVED borderlands one and two and this one is no execpetion from my love! 8.7/10
,Not Recommended,261640,31535680,Posted: 3 May,all,Brady,openly mocks you for playing the game
76561197999993513,Recommended,261640,12691612,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gally -right click 2 watch-,"A friend of mine said it best: ""Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is to Borderlands 2 what Fallout New Vegas was to Fallout 3."" Is it a completely new game? No. Is it more Borderlands? Yes. If you loved Borderlands 2 then you will love this game.What I liked- New Cryo and laser weaponry- New vault hunter characters to play- Low grav!- New vehicles- Oxygen mechanic- Slam- Better scaling- Unlock action skill at level 3 instead of 5- Grinder mechanic- Almost no timed missions- More Borderlands!What I disliked- Environments seem to have less variety and color than BL2.- Enemies are less varied than BL2.- If you save your green and blue loot for the Grinder, you will be strapped for cash.- Quests are all basically ""go here, press use on thing, shoot dudes."" or ""go collect items""With that said, I still consider this a good purchase, even if I did drop nearly $80 on the pre-order and season pass. It's possibly one of the most fun co-op games out there!"
76561198097844568,Recommended,261640,12496782,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jensen,Very gud 6/6
,Recommended,261640,12493748,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Captain Ken Masters,"Great things about this game: Graviy sklam is amazingly fun, diversity in new weapons as well as old, characters talk now, hansome jack is back so thats fun, enemies are 10x more diverse, the badassness of just about everything is just epic. Grafics are great just like the rest of the games, you have more hilarity then before and you get to be the bad guys from Borderlands 2 if you play as Wilhelm or Niesha.Bad things: They didnt change that much and the only real problem i have with this game is that hansome jack is not the same hilarious tyrant we know from the first game. I know its a prequeal to the sequal but all of his hilarity came from the facts so now hes just an unfunny cowardis side character. Oh yeah and the oxygen system is unique it is also very annoying early on running pubble to bubble even though enemies drop oxygen there are long streatches of map without save so you may clear out a hoard of enemies and have to back track cause the last one exploaded and downed you. So while on your long trek back to your place of death you may not find oxygen and die of that if you already picked up all of it on tthe way over(P.S. I havent finished the game, it literally just came out but im hoping any doubts will fade by the time i finish my first run through)"
,Not Recommended,261640,26022152,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,elayis,it's borderlands. again. the same game gets old after a while.
,Not Recommended,261640,31886089,Posted: 21 May,all,Y23Y,I die way too many times. Grinding doesn't help when all the weapons you get are♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,261640,30590806,Posted: 18 March,all,hippopotamus is cool,Best game in the franchise hope borderlands 3 takes notes from this one!
,Recommended,261640,31329439,Posted: 23 April,all,AlexMafia,"this game is bad. 1 it has bad graphics, 2 its hard, 3 if u die you haver to go all the way tback to the objective, 4 no multiplayer arena,. 5 no hitmakers , 6 cost to much more fmomnuey than b,l2"
,Not Recommended,261640,23819591,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kang Nagger,Single player MMO with FPS combat with horrible writing. Whoever wrote this seems to think that shoving in memes and lolsorandumb = humour.
,Recommended,261640,20780776,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,M0nst3r(•̪●),I love the game!!10/10
76561197972321666,Not Recommended,261640,28523528,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Spinmaestro,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Australian ending to a really good franchise.  Too bad!
,Not Recommended,261640,32465498,Posted: 15 June,all,Wesker Star,"It's like huniepop , but with less gameplay."
,Recommended,261640,28877007,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DiSsOnAnCe,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,261640,25396731,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,SkippyTheSnake,"This game is so uninteresting, the comedy is old and boring. Even with friends the memes couldn't keep this game alive. Paid £2.41... refunded it... not even ashamed."
,Not Recommended,261640,24711749,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,will hack for 10 rubles,Laughable
76561197972142968,Recommended,261640,12496585,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Chiken_Sammich,"In true Borderlands fashion this game does not disappoint. If you've played 1 or 2 you know what you're getting. My only gripe is that there is no longer a way to mark items as trash & then bulk sell. Well at least not one that I have found yet. There might be a option toggle. I haven't really looked.Revised: There is a bulk sell. However, it sells everything in inventory that is not favorited."
,Recommended,261640,12687621,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,IaN,Some people call it good...and theyd be right lol
,Recommended,261640,12495815,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Aspirin,Its Borderlands2 all over again but this time its on Moon with low Gravity and New Lazer weapons.( 9/10 )
,Not Recommended,261640,13759513,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NasiPuti,Recycling and reusing is great in the real world; not so much for computer games.Borderlands 2 was much more entertaining grab that instead of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.
,Recommended,261640,12822333,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,haug,3 words: Buy. It. Now.
,Not Recommended,261640,25367094,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,WangMasher,"So..to make this short lets just start by saying this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥..Now, the reason for it being♥♥♥♥♥♥is because your doing all the missions, it does not give you a break, so you cant go buy better weapons and you get get some good♥♥♥♥♥♥ but half way through the game the ""Bad Guys"" get harder and harder and you still havent got a break to get gear and all the stuff you can just buy.So lets skip to the last mission..your level 19 and the ""Bad Guys"" are level 28+ so your sitting here trying to do something when your not doing any damage to literly anything so your just stuck,dying,dying,dying,and dying.When I beat this game with my cusant it took us almost 2 hours to beat this last mission because you couldnt do anything about dying, I really dont know how we beat it..I think we just got lucky, But long story short this game is a good in a way..but its very very hard, it gives you a back ground story about borderlands and how it all started and why the main ""Bad Guy"" is trying to kill everyone."
,Recommended,261640,31051095,Posted: 9 April,all,Frenzyy,"If you came for a game review you came to the wrong place, if you came for my life story You came to the right place, Well it all started when i was a fetus, I was a little worm and i grew and grew then evolved into a montang goriila, Then got struck by lighting and had the craving for eating children, So i started playing arma 3 and then i bought this game because i won a give away on pewdiepies left dimple's channel, I then grew facial hair and stated fapping to overwatch until my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥exploded and i became a single celled orge again, I like ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198058428312,Not Recommended,261640,25473403,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,codystarslinger,"one of the wost games i have ever player over hyped and get boring after 5 munites. Go to point A kill a bunck of minnions the the boss shows up with more minnions, finish that and repete thats the entire game."
,Not Recommended,261640,14545523,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,외계인,"Pros:+The game has guns+The game has multiplayer+The game has SOME vehiclesCons:- Not enough vehicles (no jets, no tanks, and no helicopters)- Not realistic at all (WOW! In this game, there are sounds in outer space! SOOOOOOO REALISTIC, RIGHT?!)- No Russian antagonist- No playable protagonist who is a soldier of the U.S. military- No destructible environment (Have you guys seen the falling skyscrapers in Battlefield 4?!)- No new engine (Please, Battlefield 4's Frostbite 3 engine is completely different from Frostbite 2)- No game modes like Rush or Conquest- No classes like Assault, Support, Recon, or Engineer- No AK47, M16, or M4Verdict: 1/10 This game sucks. It's too unrealistic. Battlefield 4 is better, realistic, and more innovating."
,Recommended,261640,12515393,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,UnReal-4-Life,Its miss spelled!!Awesomeland  The moon landing.HAHAlol get this game. Its great and if you dont like it who cares.
,Recommended,261640,12689702,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Duck__,Yum
,Not Recommended,261640,25034138,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,bumprt,its good if you like it.no its not
,Recommended,261640,34820722,Posted: 8 September,all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,"My friend torrented game and I cannot play it with them, I'm writing this review to be passive aggressive."
,Not Recommended,261640,12506508,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,{RaDsiK}Lynian,Havn't actually got to play the game yet. My xbox 360 controller wont work in-game for some reason. Without it the game isin't even worth playing for me.
,Not Recommended,261640,12507681,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dusk,"Different story, same♥♥♥♥♥♥You feel me?"
76561198071618387,Not Recommended,261640,34206380,Posted: 12 August,all,zaid123,"I will tell you what is the fucckk with this game first broder land 2 is better than the pre-sequel, second in all border land games i am speending and wasting all the game play time in collecting the ammo and then when i fight and shoot the fucckking game show me that i am out off ammo what is the ♥♥♥♥kkk third the pre-sequel when i drive the car the the land a round me is ♥♥♥♥edup the car will not move the road is not paved"
76561198116879421,Not Recommended,261640,33640461,Posted: 18 July,all,Pimpacity,"I bought this game because I assumed it had local multiplayer, as it does on console. It does not. So, I essentially wasted my money on a game with great humor, mediocre combat, and awful leveling system. Seriously, leveling up isn't exciting in anyway because the perks are so worthless.As the game stands, I won't be going back to it for a long time, if ever. If they did an update that allowed local multiplayer, I'd consider playing again. I definitly feel I got ripped off, but I've learned to be more warry of games that have local multiplayer on console, as they don't always have it on PC."
,Recommended,261640,25450986,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
,Recommended,261640,12489871,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Shyt1kal,Hold all doubts about this game.  Gearbox and 2K deliver yet another fantastic Shoot n Loot game.  Great music and visuals and still as funny as ever.
76561197982833337,Not Recommended,261640,12485382,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,RatBastage,"So far so bad. Makes me sad :(Guns feel weak, air mechanic makes fights feel rushed.... hope you didnt like taking your time and using tactics.I am only 2 hours in, but so far this is by far the weakest game in the series.... heck even the DLC was better than the first 2 hours of this game."
,Recommended,261640,15146287,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,General Mega,"Though not a massive fan of this game compared to Borderlands 2, it still gave me more borderlands which is about it. The oxygen mechanic is mostly annoying but oz kits are fun to mess around with, also this game is extremely fun if you have friends. Buy it on sale when possible, and with friends."
,Recommended,261640,12492585,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Aaron,"I CAN'T EVEN, I LITERALLY CAN NOT."
76561198001572388,Not Recommended,261640,32679300,Posted: 23 June,all,Moist Money,"Nothing like the other Borderlands games you played before. Characters are cheesy, bosses are even cheesier and the whole storyline is a major cluster♥♥♥♥ that makes no sense at all. Ending? THE WORST. Let me save your dollars; Handsome Jack was rightous all along and Lilith and the other Vault Hunters were major ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. A la fin."
,Not Recommended,261640,32467217,Posted: 16 June,all,Swift,"Take Two Interactive has effectively killed GTA IV, V and Max Payne 3 modding, which may affect modding across the industry. Take a stand and don't support Take Two and their subsidiaries Rockstar and 2K.http://www.pcgamer.com/gta-modding-tool-openiv-shuts-down-claiming-cease-and-desist-from-take-two/"
76561197972128274,Not Recommended,261640,12505822,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,.stealth,Its okay.
76561197990135983,Not Recommended,261640,31658666,Posted: 9 May,all,patio87,This game will shove the feminist social justice agenda down your throat.
76561198077179782,Recommended,261640,13579697,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,товарищ евдк,"PRO: it's more of BL2, so basically all I ever wanted from itCON: this should never have been released for a full price, it's a bloody standalone expansionOverall thumbs up, but I got it at 50% off and am hopelessly addicted"
76561198106725267,Recommended,261640,12491920,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,イスピクス,Claptrap you screwed up again
,Not Recommended,261640,29793794,Posted: 8 February,all,Gamx,bdlands 2 is better
,Recommended,261640,12487457,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ICouldGo4ABeer,"Fun game and good extension of the series. If you enjoyed the previous installments you'll enjoy this. The humor is less prevalent than the previous games. There are minor bugs here and there. Sure it's not perfect but the new characters, gear, more intelligent AI, and refreshing feel will keep you coming back for more. The various environments are very cool and amplified by the truly awsome electronic soundtrack. Over all is a good experience and having a blast playing it."
,Recommended,261640,12492784,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BigPoppy,"Game is VERY glitchy at the moment, but as far as I can tell the game is GREAT!"
76561197980747105,Not Recommended,261640,34717901,Posted: 3 September,all,Saerdryl Bad Mage,"do u like borderlands 1 and 2 ?yes so don t play pre sequel....it s boring, it s not fun."
,Recommended,261640,12487404,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SPS_Vodkajim,"Double jumping, low gravity, laser weapons, but still borderlands.Borderlands the Pre-sequal is just as enjoyable as the others.If you're on the fence about this one, and you liked borderlands 1 and 2, I highly suggest picking it up.I have not played far into the campaign yet, but i have enjoyed every second of the gameplay so far.I will update my review once I've completed the game."
76561198253029915,Not Recommended,261640,25911102,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Government Plates,http://store.steampowered.com/app/8980/http://store.steampowered.com/app/49520/?snr=1_5_9__300
76561198254780536,Not Recommended,261640,30565332,Posted: 17 March,all,nightmare,THE KEY IS ♥♥♥♥UP AND I CANT EXIT THE GAME IN WINDOW 10
76561198058192470,Not Recommended,261640,29749349,Posted: 6 February,all,DICK EATER,the graphics are like a 2004 game
,Recommended,261640,12491492,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Yenofthunder,Very well optimized.
76561198053540921,Recommended,261640,15089261,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fatty,"Good game overall, could have been better I guess, but I don'tknow how to create games, so good enough !"
,Recommended,261640,12493427,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BagmanX,"It's more Borderlands.  Nothing super groundbreaking, but if you enjoyed the past titles, you'll enjoy this one.  Don't expect a lot of difference however.  If you're fine with that and just want new enemies to kill, new abilities to do it with and new scenery to do it in, get this game."
76561198059219740,Not Recommended,261640,34648307,Posted: 31 August,all,TJ♛,Basically a dlc to borderlands 2
76561198042327711,Not Recommended,261640,32335534,Posted: 10 June,all,PiemanFiddy,"This is.. wow. I don't even know how to react.=====PROS:=====-New STUFF! We get Laser weapons, a Frozen element, and a ton of new characters to select from, all of which have their own unique skills and actives. I definitely like the variety.(yes, that was my only Pro...)=====CONS:=====-SJW. Let's get the biggest elephant out of the room first. THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥RIGHT HERE.Now, there are a lot of things I can accept in video games. Breaking the 4th wall, Imbalancing issues, funny bugs/glitches. But this? Christ Almighty...  .... ...Hold on, let me see if I can find it....  ...YES! Here it is. ANTHONY BURCH.Now, if you do some googling and some research, you'll find that this guy is basically the Hitler of the gaming community. He hates everyone who's ever bought Borderlands, he has the AUDACITY to put SJW in a Borderlands game, and on top of all of that, he's still writing for them. God help us all if he's working on Borderlands 3.../end rant-Environment. While I do like this game... sometimes... What I don't like is the environment. Space. Now I get it, the game takes place on a Moon. But still, the LEAST they could've done is added a tad bit more to the level design department. Every area feels the exact same, just with a different color palette.-Claptrap. I will continue to add this as a con until I never see him again. This character has been shoved down our throats in every single game, and in each game, he gets less and LESS funny. To the point where I wish I could've refunded this for his stupid♥♥♥♥♥alone.-Story. SCREW this story. Seriously. So here's how it goes down:  [[[[SPOILERS]]]]Basically, you're a vault hunter who's trying to.. IDK, find a vault or whatever on Pandora. So first, you enlist with Hyperion on the Moonbase. Turns out Jack is there saying ""whassup"" and♥♥♥♥♥♥ You gotta save him, blah blah blah.Fast Forward a bit. By the end of the game, for NO APPARENT REASON whatsoever, you are tasked with backstabbing Jack by enlisting with the help of the original 4 vault hunters, and Mad Moxxi.By the end of the game, once again, for NO APPARENT REASON, you decide to betray jack, which is what creates the ""vault scar"" on his face, and basically turns him evil.At this point, I have to reflect back on Jack from Borderlands 2. And now I'm wondering why the hell I ever sided with the Crimson Raiders. They practically just bullied Jack into submission, scarred him, left him for dead, and you're supposed to HATE him??  I... I don't understand...Anyway. Rant over. If you mute the voices and skip most of the cutscenes in this game, you can look past most of what's wrong with it, and play the actual game itself. Which as I put in my Borderlands 2 review, looks a lot like LOOTSPLOOOSION...Enjoy...1/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,28638090,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Luft,Its too slow because of the gravity.
,Recommended,261640,12491685,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,UglyStru,"As a long time fan of the Borderlands series, I was so excited for this. Story is great, new weapons are awesome. I just wish there was a bit more re-skinning. It feels too much like Borderlands 2 DLC than it does a whole new game."
,Recommended,261640,12491786,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DR. FAWKENS,borderlands 2 but on the moon and way more amazing borderlands 2 is a 9.8 out of 10 for me beacuse of all the physX problems ive had!!!!!! but the pre-sequal seems to have fixed it only had 2 parts where physX lagged down to 50-40fps over all with a few driver updates from nividia to fix this physX it will be 10/10 now its 9.9/10 almost flawless so far
,Recommended,261640,15223725,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Tim,"Imagine Borderlands 2, without say...half the lengdaries </3 BUT a BUTT SLAMMING ability! Smash frozen enimeindioansodneas with you're newly found weaponry on THE MOON! I make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews...hahBUTT'D/10 - TIMGN"
76561198040323960,Not Recommended,261640,25454907,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Wubs4Scrubs,Too many ♥♥♥♥ing austrailians.
,Not Recommended,261640,20162991,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mad Cow Diesease,Unpolished GTA Clone
76561198066096706,Not Recommended,261640,23776613,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Marius,This game is good for 19 hours.
76561198056820063,Recommended,261640,12689117,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,trinityzaku,Pretty much just a rehash of Borderlands 2. Not saying is bad its new content with new characters. I will say it is a little short comparatively and the Fragtrap can be incredibly overpowered.
,Not Recommended,261640,32998577,Posted: 29 June,all,Raymond the Bastard,Worse than 2
,Recommended,261640,12485624,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RuinedRome,"Only been playing for a few hours, but I can say with certainty that, while this game wil not explode your brain with awesomeness, it is a game worth of the Borderlands family. While the guns are explosive, the OZ kits are bouncy, and the music is less bass-dropping, then main thing that hit me the most about this game is that your characters are actually engaged with the story. Your character CONVERSES! You have actual dialogue that runs during the game, and changes based on which character you are playing and how many of them are being played. This makes the game feel much more engaging than 1 or 2, where you were just Vault Hunter, and all the characters treated you as a four man team, even if it was just you playing as Gaige. I haven't experienced much in the way of skills, since I have only played a limited amount, and as CL4p-TRP, but what have played was well thought through. The skills less over-powered, and more like another weapon. The gun-play felt natural, and it was easier for me to take on mulitple enemies than in previous titles. Very much like the game so far. Huge thumbs-up."
,Not Recommended,261640,30563439,Posted: 16 March,all,UneaseSkull,meh
,Recommended,261640,12493556,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cymron,Feels odd to help Jack >_>
76561198095649478,Recommended,261640,12493256,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,*CSG* SnipeRageQuit csgolive.com,8/10 GREAT GAME! dont get me wrong..... but THE GUNS..... THE GUNS! they have the same textures!! (except for new laser guns) LIKE RLLY???? i wouldve waited another month to have different gun modles. fun game so far though![character experience: athena]
,Recommended,261640,12496167,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Fore,"Its just like a Mix of Borderlands One and Two, but in space... With Lazers......Oh, and Very, Very Vertical, it takes a while to get used toSlow-Mo Running..... 11/10"
,Recommended,261640,12493269,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ginge,"Takes all the good things from borderlands 2, and makes it better! BUTT SLAM!"
,Recommended,261640,12490403,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Hardballer,so far it really good :)
76561197988607032,Not Recommended,261640,29814118,Posted: 9 February,all,PODRÔNCIO,"Worst gaming experience ever.Game is so slow it's not even worth being called ""Borderlands"". Plus, game difficulty is disappointing: getting stuck often, sliding out of nowhere - and dying  - etc.Game progresss is slower than that of city-building simulation or turn-based strategy games.Should not have expected too much, I guess.To be honest, the first 15min of the game are cool. And that's it. Play 15min, stop, uninstall."
76561198124176309,Not Recommended,261640,29895614,Posted: 13 February,all,ArcK9,"O2 machanic is dumb, wanted to be 2 very badly, it failed."
,Recommended,261640,12490706,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tyrone Olajida,Amazing. Gearbox you do it again! but well its quite boring alone. (My opinion.... :D)
,Not Recommended,261640,30677433,Posted: 22 March,all,AverageJoe,"Like others before it - artificial difficulty.I don't feel the slightest bad using cheat engine to give myself infinite cash either.♥♥♥♥♥♥ memes, ♥♥♥♥♥ier programming, glitches, running into nothing, and of course, NO ONE TO PLAY.Did I mention DLC? Yeah, 30 dollars worth of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game.Save your money."
,Not Recommended,261640,34536070,Posted: 27 August,all,fufi,"A complete disappointement. Played for three hours and a half before giving up on the game. It's simply boring. Borderlands was great, 2nd not as much but still cool, this one is simply a mess. There is too much going on on your screen, which makes the game confusing as hell, and half of your screen is taken by HUD due to power usage in combat. Too much is too much."
76561198009354308,Not Recommended,261640,25397091,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ola.lilliehook,"Cant even play it, get stuck in the menu because every time I try to click something the ingame ""command prompt"" shows up.  Great, dosent reset when reinstalling the game."
76561198267668071,Not Recommended,261640,35250319,Posted: 27 September,all,LaughingGoatMan,not worth
,Recommended,261640,12489783,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,que sera,"froze a midget, broke it into pieces using a whip and watched frozen body parts float off into space10/10 would butt slam again"
,Recommended,261640,12490968,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Yo Its Noah,"Forget about the story, it's cool but that's not why you're here. if you LOVED BL2 for the loot the gameplay and the humor then you'll be right at home with this game, forget the ratings from IGN/gamespot about this game the analyzed the wrong parts of the game, if you're a fan of BL you're a fan of this game, you will feel right at home."
,Recommended,261640,12491567,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,OmegaSyndromeX,great pre sequel to a great sequel to a great game boom mind screw but seriously best installment thus far cant wait for more and also did i mention YOU GET TO PLAY AS CLAPTRAP!!!!! nuff said you get to play as claptrap thats all you need to make this game epic also im an hour in all i can say for certain is gravity is a great factor and new enemies make the gameplay that much better ps you get to butt slam this is bassically spongebob the movie in space with guns and claptrap is patrick BUTT SLAM!!!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,12492270,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dragonfangxl,"This game is really meant to be a multiplayer game. As someone who plays singleplayer, i felt like the odd man out. Every interaction seems to be designed for multiplayer play, the npcs will address you as ""yall"" or ""you guys"" or whatever. Other then that, its a pretty fun game. But if your a singleplayer i would stay away"
,Recommended,261640,12489100,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Xspoopy(X+2)u,"At the time of writing this, I have played 2 hours of this game. From what I can tell, this game has improved on many things that were problems in Borderlands and Borderlands 2. The health and damage, for instance, are balanced very well compared to how it was dealt with in Borderlands 2. The game has fun jokes and the weapons are good. The home city has useful things in it, like Moxxi's boosts and the Shift rewards machine. The multiplayer works beautifully and the ability to inspect other players is pretty nice. The Butt Slams are extremely fun, too. I would rate this game Fun Game/Fun Game."
,Recommended,261640,21935037,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,REMi,+1
76561197972619463,Recommended,261640,12490070,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Decoy,You can be claptrap what more could you want pew!
,Recommended,261640,12484658,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Corey,I love this game so much I hate it. 69/10 Dont know why this a a negative review.... Da fuq really tho its amzing.
,Recommended,261640,23722324,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,rqmedy,"i wnt 2 play dis gam wif my friends, butt my friends dont heff deez game. i cri:(odder dan dat. iss gewd gaem. :)"
76561198133481814,Recommended,261640,33013077,Posted: 29 June,all,♡ oxcy,xd stickers
76561198264728990,Not Recommended,261640,23092177,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,arsejacket,"Steam, give me some way to permanently remove this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from my library."
76561198000695493,Recommended,261640,12492126,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The Sun Sets in California,Do you like Borderlands? Do you like Space? Get Borderlands In Space.
76561198073071533,Not Recommended,261640,22992446,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sir Harksalot,Too many Australian Lesbians.
76561198048358388,Recommended,261640,12488710,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SonOfBobbity,More loot. More guns. Moon Moxxi.IN SPACE!!!Enough said.
,Recommended,261640,12488621,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NYAN CAT on bonk,11/10 a Must Buy
76561198085454410,Recommended,261640,12492098,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,gaga,Its Borderlands.... Duh...
76561198052950161,Recommended,261640,12494226,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Coolprezision,It's like skyrim but with plasma lasers. over 9000/10 IGN review confirmed.
,Recommended,261640,12493673,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,meme,"Kill, Collect 3$, Repeat10/10"
,Recommended,261640,12494058,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,*TaKamoto ;),Vawlthawntur.x-0.2/7.9
76561198091470587,Recommended,261640,12487141,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ryuh,I loved Borderlands 2 and this is just as awesome. 9/10
,Recommended,261640,12491345,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Neroshock,"10/5 epic gamea lot of bugs playing as claptrap and a few with ai's running through walls due to a lack of map boundaries, but nothing a patch or two can't fixI love this game"
,Not Recommended,261640,34101586,Posted: 8 August,all,globetrotter,"Annoying quests, annoying dialogues, unskippable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monologues from the quest NPCs, annoying virtue signalling.Finding out that the developer 2K Australia closed doors in 2015 really made me happy."
,Recommended,261640,12492710,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,stiriaque,"Amazing game with great potential. One might be curious why I say potential, but it is because this game lacks a good endgame, and basicly seems like the MW3 of the Boderlands franchise. For people who do not understand that refrence BLPS seems like a very similar game to BL2, but without endgame and so far gearbox has not been very smart in their choices for what to change in hot fixes. But with all of this negativity the game is a ton of fun and I highly recommend it for all gamers out there.After the release of the Aurelia the Baroness DLC I have been playing much more of BLPS and am starting to find it a lot more fun than I used to think! Can't wait for the Mind of Claptrap DLC!"
,Recommended,261640,12492885,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,dancer,its dope
76561198031315330,Recommended,261640,12490242,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,007ageofsun,A great loot-based FPS
,Recommended,261640,12493484,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[SoW] The Camera man,"An amazing game with funny lines and awesome characters.""I hate it"" -Brick"
,Recommended,261640,17242715,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dragi,nice game i really like it so far but it is nothing compared borderlands 2 it was way better but still nice game and the stroy in this game so good! i love it it telss how jack became that what he wa in borderlands 2. So you have 2 buy this game i recommend it.
76561198081255968,Recommended,261640,12493493,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,dwew3,Borderlands 2 + lazers10/10
76561197992342107,Recommended,261640,21266919,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Muffi,8/10
,Not Recommended,261640,12506185,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Zurv,"I'm sure you never finished the DLC from the other 2 borderlands.. yeah, do that instead of this one.sure it is more borderlands, but the O2 stuff sucks... zero g also totally sucks. If you REALLY want to play this... wait for a sale."
76561198165233097,Not Recommended,261640,32071906,Posted: 30 May,all,Scotty 2 Hotty,ever played borderlands? it's great right!well this isn't please don't bother it generally gives me cancerplaying thisty - damien hemsy
,Not Recommended,261640,24436360,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,andy,no x2
,Not Recommended,261640,16540343,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"While the classes in this game are miles ahead of all the other games, the overall gameplay suffers drastically.The game is slightly longer than General Knox, the mission layout is more fetchquest than makes sense, and the bosses are terribly designed in almost every way.  Even the loot is atypically lax.The plot is interesting to follow as more story, but it seemed hamfisted in the grand scheme."
,Recommended,261640,12577207,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kahran Ramsus,"I only recommend the game because I don't not recommend it.2K Australia basically copied and pasted all the mechanics from Borderlands 2 and threw together a bunch of writers to do a poorly written dialogue. The voice acting from the previous characers was still good, but everyone that was a newcomer was mostly just annoying because they all had terribly annoying accents. If you want some detail on the effort they went into for writing the game, I think Wilhelm's personal ECHO for why he is in this game sums it up well.HJ: Wilhelm, will you come do a job for me on Elpis?W: No.HJ: I'll pay you a couple million.W: Okay.This game is nothing more than what should have been a 10-15$ DLC add-on for Borderlands 2. It isn't really worth the full price tag, and I really enjoyed the previous two Borderlands titles. Pick it up on a Steam sale only if you liked Borderlands 1 and/or Borderlands 2. Anything over 30$ isn't really worth your money."
,Not Recommended,261640,12741068,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Noirez_,Borderlands 2.5/Borderlands 2 DLC
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,261640,24008430,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],Borderlands 2: The SJW's Strike Again DLC.
,Not Recommended,261640,13409417,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PCdudeserver,"This game is merely a shadow compared to the other Borderlands games. I was very disapointed with this games development and outcome. I awaited this game for so long and found out jsut how bad it was. This was not worth my money, even at the 10% discount I got it at. The game feels like it's a $15 DLC that SHOULD have been for Borderlands 2 and not an entire ♥♥♥♥ing game. The game feels lifeless and it also just isn't the same how gearbox did with it. I know that 2K Australia probably worked hard on this game, but face it. The game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥along with the company itself. I Can not express how much i am disapointed with this game being the huge Borderlands fan that I am."
,Not Recommended,261640,31404545,Posted: 27 April,all,doctor dolan,This is probably one of the games of the Borderlands series.
76561198273767029,Not Recommended,261640,33016081,Posted: 29 June,all,(∩ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)⊃━☆ﾟ,Where my game atI bought it and it went awayDissapointed
76561198050199266,Recommended,261640,12482756,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Saniedrel,"New borderlands what to say amazing plot uncover story behindmost tricky and cunning villain is uncovered ton of new contentinspace battle, new ways how to surprise and still so many jokesto hear.pros:+original chars and CLAPY+gravity and vacuum battle+Handsome Jack+grinder to recycle useless stuff+laser/cryo weapons+clapy quotesand many othercons:-addictive-where the hell is dlcs wanna more ... ^^"
76561198047463483,Not Recommended,261640,23911750,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Carl Sagan,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Pre-Sequel ░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Im trying to tell you this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Social justice warrior propagandaAnd just really worse than the rest of the series in ALMOST everywayLasers are actually really cool and the low gravity was a great gameplay elementthats all the good i can say about the pre-sequel
76561197994049945,Not Recommended,261640,25391910,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Creamy Goodness,"No way to skip intro movie when making a new game, really, REALLY?I watched that video 3 times now, i hope whoever made the video and the developers have a slow painful death."
76561198202672107,Not Recommended,261640,25569882,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DigiDink,This game sucks. It's a filthy disgrace.
76561198102790613,Recommended,261640,12490793,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NoelTheProdigy,This game really kicks the llama's a**
,Recommended,261640,12485758,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DelScorcho,"So far so good, the low gravity is fun for sure.  The walkover automatic pickup seems to have been improved, not perfect but it looks like it works better then BL2.  Quests are still fun and dialog is still hilarious.Pros:Same expected humor contentIntriguing storylineLow Gravity is awesome and makes for challenging gameplayCons:It seems so far like BL2 money is still worthless and the vending machines don't sell higher quality items sometimes.  Haven't found out for sure yet.You get stuck in corners sometimes or try to access areas that are obviously able to but instead hit an invisible wall.If your on the fence about this the Badass Point system remains and all that grinding you might have done as I have during BL2 will be repeated again throughout this game.  If you are loyal player BL1/BL2 you start with free Badass Points.  Different names for the Badass Point goals but pretty much the same, i.e. Sell X number of guns, Open X number of chests, Kill X number with Weapon X/Critical etc."
,Recommended,261640,12485328,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,thecheyenneing,"Similar to Borderlands 2, so if you enjoyed the gameplay and skill trees and other features in BL2, this is a good game for you. Double jumping is a nice new feature, as well as more difficult bosses, making co-op play even more crucial to game progress."
,Not Recommended,261640,32061856,Posted: 30 May,all,PhannyMcPack,Bad
,Recommended,261640,12484721,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,OztinCloud,"The Borderlands series starded off brave and strong. I first picked the Siren Lilith in the first game, and then Maya in Borderlands 2. Now im at a loss and with the game's brand new character choiced and playstyles i'm not sure where i am going to go, has to be Athena, as the former ATLAS assassin :) But im left with a sense of excitement and anticipation that this is going to be another adventure to the absolutely amazing string of games that is Borderlands. I'll be into yet again, another thousands of hours of gameplay, of faming bosses, of leveling up, :) The game being beautifully built, designed, and flawless mechanically the new characters along with the low-gravity and the O2 enhancements, it unlocks so many different playthrough potentials. Such as finally being able to climb to an unreachable area for an easter egg or a loot chest. I thought the enviroment would be boring with space ships interiors and moon land, but not even, the envitroment is even better than Borderlands 2, Can't wait to finish exploring ever other area either, I can't explain how excited i am to keep playing. Anyone who is consider Borderlands over ANY other game, i suggest to get Borderlands immediately. As to gearbox, you have had your ups and downs. But you know what? Good job on developing yet another amazing game, and keep strong. Keep patching and keep releasing new things and i'll keep buying them!"
76561198122999901,Not Recommended,261640,31713831,Posted: 12 May,all,Ghostface Killah,It's gay.
76561198102801336,Not Recommended,261640,12492403,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SHAKOOOOOOOWNED,"I've made it to the character select screen and I'm not impressed. I hate all the characters already and I can tell it's the same game for the third time without even playing it. The intro movie was really bad too, wouldn't let me skip."
76561197997282203,Not Recommended,261640,30349520,Posted: 5 March,all,rehash_lyrics,Just like the last game (BL2) Absolutley Rubbish UI. Menu items NOT for PC. Frustrating and UNPLAYABLE.
,Recommended,261640,12487703,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Theusmellthis,great game but many bugs but it just came out so its expected
76561198005774899,Not Recommended,261640,25516058,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,3 Laws Safe,It kind of seems like the same game as borderlands 1. obviously keeping to the art style.
,Recommended,261640,12491120,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Kim John Il,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,261640,12485316,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Inquizitor,"I decided to play through all the borderlands games with my buddy. And I say this game was very good.- I pre-ordered this so a lot has changed since like bugs and exploit wise -{This part is just a rant I guess by me, scroll down for my review}**This is not like Borderlands 2, well it is it feels a lot like it but with new mechanics but literally why would they make an all new engine just for a single game, why not use an existing engine and add new♥♥♥♥♥♥to it? right? (By all means I am not complaining 2 as fantastic and this gives me that nostalgic feel)**- Review time -Pros -Fun AF storyCharacters are greatWeapons are flippin awesomeSkins are pretty goodJump mechanicsGround poundHandsome Jack is back - Or i suppose introduced?A blast with friends or even soloMoneys WorthClap-Trap is literally a chracter you use to troll your buddiesReally good easter eggsCons -Felt kind of shortPicklePickleI felt that in this game this final area was just annoying not really fun like in 2Some missions pretty tedious"
76561198075807401,Recommended,261640,12485231,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ThatsSo❤Sheep,One of the best games I've played really enjoy the hard work put in to borderlands and they never fail to make me play hour and hours of there games if you don't have this game you should get it and let it explain to you why it is a great game.
,Recommended,261640,12481048,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ellencia,"한국어 리뷰는 밑에Game is cool, now character responds to NPC so they do actual conversation !Weapons are more cooler, graphic improved, nc music and LOW GRAVITY.UI is same as 2 and this is frustrating .. I know I had same concern with ya guysBut I might can recommend you to buy this.If u r fan of series, strongly recommended !There is god damn bad♥♥♥♥♥Hansome Jackwho really looks like normal person unlike in 2 (lol)I say again, your character actualy do the conversations.--UI가 전작과 똑같기 때문에 솔직히 하면서도 좀 실망스럽긴 하네요.하지만 더 나아진 그래픽과 레이저 총기 추가, 낮은 중력과 훌륭한 음악,사운드 이펙트 등 장점도 많습니다.특히 플레이 하게 될 캐릭터가 이젠 말을 합니다 !NPC 의 말에 대답하고, 웃긴 상황을 연출하죠.영어를 좀만 이해하신다면 NPC들이전작과 마찬기지로 끊임없이 웃겨줍니다.전작을 재밌게 하셨다면 아마 캐릭터가NPC를 상대로 대화 한다는게 얼마나멋진일인지 아실거라고 봅니다.아쉽게도 2편 시점에서 프리퀄인지라2편 캐릭터들이 나오진 않네요.하지만 무려 핸섬 잭이 아군이 됩니다 !2편에선 그리도 짜증나게 했는데 어째본편에서는 상당히 매력적이고 정상적으로 보이네요.2편의 엔딩을 제외한 온갖 떡밥들을 프리 시퀄에서 해소해줍니다.전작을 즐기셨다면, 주저없이 구매하세요. 재밌습니다.한글화가　안되어　있으니　한글을　원하신다면　기다려야　겠네요．"
76561198068132368,Recommended,261640,12485398,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,OxfordPictionary,Play as CL4p-TP  (FR4f=G-TP)Butt slam moon monstersGuns to freeze your enemiesAwesome new NPCsJack The HeroA+++++
76561197970242268,Not Recommended,261640,12485663,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tobrendi,"I loved Borderlands 1. I really liked Borderlands 2, and thought it was a better game overall, but the after-school-special preachiness was really grating. This game is an improvement on 2 (though not a huge one) but it's even more obnoxiously heavy-handed. A game about gunning down hundreds of little people and the mentally ill in cold blood isn't a good fit for imparting valuable life lessons. I'll probably keep playing it, but I already regret spending money on it.Update: playing through the game, it gets a lot less annoying after the beginning. The writing's still a step down - they reuse plot twists and even jokes, which sucks - but usually it's not bad enough to distract. There are some solid gameplay improvements (the low-gravity gimmick is actually usually pretty fun) and 4 new characters with pretty innovative powers so if you're willing to pay $60 for Borderlands 2.5, and you can tune out writing that's sometimes grating or repetitive, it could be worth getting."
,Recommended,261640,12491151,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,coconut,SPACE 'STRAYA СUNT
,Recommended,261640,12485188,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Dongle Trump,I went ahead and filed my divorce papers...
76561197961181274,Not Recommended,261640,12485600,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Suredeath Hellman,"I beat this trash ""pre sequel""It's a $60 DLC, only the good classes are gone and replaced by trash ones (Bonus Accuracy! When Firing From the hip ONLY XDDDD)Recycled content, recycled voice dialogue, this feels like a glorified expansion. Nothing unique, all mobs are just reskinned, less variety. Instead of midgets they call them ""lil scavs"" (lol).This game is AIDS for Borderlands.Over usage of internet memes, lame social justice warrior sense of humor (very forced, and verrrry cringe worthy!)  Nothing in this game is funny.Low grav makes item drops ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and fly off the map, sometimes they fall through the ground.If only the good guys won World War 2."
,Recommended,261640,12485791,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Trusted Aegis,"The game overall is pretty fun on the first play through and has nice new mechanics. However, I found myslf becoming bored on the second playthough as the content was unchanged and the game overall felt like a grind. I did not even make it to the max level (which I have done in every other borderlands game) and most likely won't make it there in this game. I recommend this game based on the new dynamics and gameplay mechanics. However, like me, you might become tired of playing after the first playthrough."
,Recommended,261640,12485187,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Lord Smoked Meats,It's not gay if it's on THE MOON
76561197997400752,Recommended,261640,12486719,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dexamd,Already in love with this game. getting used to some new characters again is a wonderful break from a cookie cutter build.
76561198032590031,Recommended,261640,12486676,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,eskar113,"Finally a borderlands game where I can play as CL4P-TRP, the ultimate vault hunter! Without the annoying little robot there would've been no Borderlands!"
,Recommended,261640,12485768,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,< blank >,Five reasons why the game is amazing:1. You can use you shove your butt to destroy things2. You can use you shove your butt to destroy things3. You can use you shove your butt to destroy things4. You can use you shove your butt to destroy things5. You can use you shove your butt to destroy thingsYou can use you shove your butt to destroy things
76561198026458516,Recommended,261640,12485085,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sterling Archer,"I'm really loving this game so far. I'm playing as Athena, and it has been fun so far.New huds and menus arent the only thing that matters, and I gotta say, they have really kicked up their game with all the new content.Would recomend this to anyone, and especially to Borderlands 2 fans.Also, buttslamming.10/10."
,Recommended,261640,12485543,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Owsky,Good game
,Recommended,261640,12485431,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NastyNinja,This will follow BL2's footsteps in ruining my life.
76561197962397576,Recommended,261640,12524233,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tony Yorkshire,"Sums up ""Australia"" in one enough said."
,Recommended,261640,12486127,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Groovy Meester,"Guys this game sucks...THATS IF YOU DONT LIKE EXPLOSIONS, LASERS, BLOOD!!!! AND IF YOU ARE NOT ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!THATS RIGHT!!!!!!!! BUY THIS RIGHT NOW!!btw: Moxxi is back :)"
76561198089004113,Recommended,261640,12485195,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[A]dmiral Al Sa Him,awesome game but some parts are really annoying with long walk
76561198054159698,Recommended,261640,12485502,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Paul,Tons of fun!!! Highly recommended :)
76561198044955315,Recommended,261640,12485403,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Water-damaged plank of driftwood,"Gr8 game m8, by it immedietly"
76561198040882325,Recommended,261640,12485832,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,daviscd,Best..... Game..... Ever!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,12485325,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Leather Daddy,just... yes
,Recommended,261640,12485445,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Juhra,Amazing/10
,Recommended,261640,12486184,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The Polite Cunt,Wub Wub
,Recommended,261640,12486031,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Alucard,One Word: Badass!
76561197973158160,Recommended,261640,12485870,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Beelzebunny,Yes. Just...Yes!
,Recommended,261640,12486263,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Vault,A must have game
76561198044162811,Recommended,261640,12487305,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,gerry caballero,I shot a Midget Scavenger in the face with a shotgun. 10/10
,Recommended,261640,12485318,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MumboCheato,Borderlands is one of my personal favorites in the FPS games!
76561198078573009,Not Recommended,261640,25386675,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,This Game is as bad as borderland 1 and a far cry from the jem that was borderlands 2. there was literally nothing good about this game.1. graphics suck2. jokes are cringe level3. characters are all flat and lame4. storyline is boring5. Fighting is just a boring rehash of borderlands 1 and 2.6. upgrades are no funI got this game for $7 during a bundle sales glitch that gave me a discount for owning the 2 prior games and man was it a waste. this game sucks really bad and pc gamers just have no good taste in games anymore.
,Recommended,261640,12486633,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,B1u,BEST MOON WUPS 2014-2015
76561198044017525,Recommended,261640,12485082,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ripleyQ,"I havent played alot yet but im having fun, keeps up the same borderlands humor and fun gameplay"
76561198098261736,Recommended,261640,12486561,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The Terrorist,I LOVE IT AND ADD ME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY
,Recommended,261640,12486608,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"GUNS GUNS GUNSReally though.*Full review will be incoming*TPS is one of the most enjoyable FPS games to date. Whilist it really dosen't change too much about the BL formula, thats not a problem. Frankly,if you don't like Borderlands, this wont change your mind. If you do, pick it up. At the time of writing this, im 15 hours in, not even half done with the story on one of the four classes, and don't see myself stopping any time soon. Buy it, you know you wanna.*Pros and Cons list shall sufice until I get the full review done*PROS-Lasers. God, these things are really good.-4 new and unique classes. They feel vastly different from the previos BL games and cant wait to get all 4 maxed out.-Cryo. Really, why wouldn't you love this?-Amazing Charaters. Moxxie. Jack. WUTUWANT Guy. Explosions man. Name it, and they are on the moon.-Class reactive quest diolog. Different lines based on who you're playing as.-Oxi. I AM BEST MOON JUMPER-Funny Story. 'Nuff said-God knows how many hours of new gameplay. I spent $60, and I feel like ima get 10000 hours outta it.-PHAT LOOTZ. I'm a nerd, hush.-Butt-Slams. Really, its called that.-GUNS GUNS GUNS LASERS GUNS!-Looks damn fine with all the settings at max.-Clap-Trap. Need I say more?Prolly forgeting a ton o' stuff, but i'll add it when im not high on caffine.CONSCons.Exe has stoped working. Don't bother waiting for it to work."
,Recommended,261640,12482668,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jim Pomatter,IT'S BORDERLANDSIN SPACESpace/10
,Recommended,261640,12487410,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dapper Krieg,Claptrap on the moon with guns and lasers? HELL YES!!
,Recommended,261640,12487353,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,turts,"Alright so a lot of people kind of hated my review so I thought I would revamp it a bit.Borderlands The Pre-Sequel is truly a 1 of a kind game. It mixes RPG with suprisingly funny humor and characters you just can NOT hate, with a character selection which is so hard to choose from this game had me at a crossroads at night thinking, Clap-Trap or Nisha. This game is an amazing ""pre-sequel"" to Borderlands 2, although if you haven't played Borderlands 2 I HIGHLY recommend you play it before you even begin to look at this game.Pros:> No gravity? Ummmm HELL YEAH! Having no gravity on the moon is simply amazing. It makes you feel like you own the world when you are in a double jump for example, or just bouncing off of an enemy just for the lols!>Side missions. Right off the bat there are TONS of side missions to do. If you are a side mission fanatic (like me) then BLPS is where you want to be.>Dialogue. Hehehehehe, is me basically everytime Jack or some other characters smart off to my character and just hearing the response makes it even more hilarious!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:>Combat. I just want to start off by saying that it may just be me that is having this issue, I haven't looked into it deeply enough yet to be sure. Close combat with BLPS is sort of tricky, when an enemy gets closer it seems as if you can't shoot as fast, if he is right up on you... you would be lucky to get in 2 shots before he killed you.>Rendering issues. My friend and I observed that there are a few rendering bugs but none that would make the game too too difficult to play.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I will update my review as I have played more so yeah!"
,Recommended,261640,12485081,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,sigh,"The main menu is exactly the same except on Elpis.Okay I guess people can't take jokes nowadays. A pity. I'll do a SERIOUS REVIEW for you RAGING MASSES.I've been a huge fanboy of the Borderlands series. Back when I was one of the few buyers of the first Borderlands, I was hooked from the start. I loved it, and I REALLY loved Borderlands 2. I loved every game of the series, and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel was no exception.Even though I've only played an *hour*, I love it already. Just like good ol' BL2 on the moon. Low-grav, jetpacks, ""butt-slams"", the new ""cryo"" elemental, and FRICKIN' LASERS are among the additions to this lovely game. All-new character classes include Titanfall Rip-Off, The First Hyperion Boss of BL2, The Boss from BL2 Nobody Cared About, and The Little CL4P-TP That Couldn't. Also, Handsome Jack is a good guy, surprise surprise. There are bajillions more guns, that's ALWAYS a pro. The visuals are outstanding in every way. The darkness of Elpis makes the game moody, the glow of Pandora makes you feel far away from where you were playing on in prior games, and the foreboding shadow of the Hyperion space station mocks your every move.As always, there are cons. There are not many, and pretty much all of them are minor. First impression of the game, the launcher and the title screen looked literally exactly the same, if not a tiny bit added onto. C'mon, 2K Aussies. The HUD looks also looks the same except with an Oz-Kit meter. Mind, those are cons not to be worried about my most, I just think 2K coulda' done a liiiiittle better(?) Another minor bug I have run into is there are a lot of spaces where players can get stuck. I was awesomely parkouring around while taking advantage of low-grav and my jetpack when suddenly I got stuck between a rock and a hard place. Literally.ANYWAYS, THIS GAME IS SUPER FUN SO FAR! I'm only level 4 at the time of writing this, so STORY GRADE AND FINAL GRADE WILL COME AFTER I BEAT IT DON'T WORRY. I would totally get this game if you're a super hardcore fanboy like me. BUT IF YOU'RE NEW, GET BL2 FIRST. Or BL1, BUT BL2 IS BETTTEEEERRR.Thanks for reading this review, heh. Happy gaming!!"
,Recommended,261640,12488117,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,loll_loll,"four Claptraps jump slash and shoot , just amazingly amazing∞/10"
,Recommended,261640,12484919,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,This must be the place,Feels just like Borderlands 2.10/10
76561198040534801,Recommended,261640,12484868,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Trail Mixer,This game is cool and♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can talk in this version.
76561198071702583,Recommended,261640,12484768,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ScareTrack,"""Like Borderlands in space 10/10""- IGN"
76561198083333902,Recommended,261640,12485028,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,👻ₛₚₒₒₖy fₒₓ🎃,THIS game is really awsome good gameplay good everything so far is good 10/10
,Recommended,261640,12481831,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MedKiT,SHOOT - JUMP - SHOOT mid-air - BUTTSLAM - SHOOT !!!I can never be bored by this.Gameplay does change because of the gravity and butt-slam and it's very fun to playyyy even solo.
,Not Recommended,261640,12484979,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,burritomonogatari,I thought this game was about the GUNS and EXPLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSIONS not WALKING and FALLING INTO LAVA.
76561197976806747,Recommended,261640,12482175,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,bobbydacat,"loving this game so far, the gravity, the rayguns, and the EXPLOSIONS!"
,Recommended,261640,12484625,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SAD Zatch,"Can we all agree Handsome Jack is the greatest? I would take a♥♥♥♥♥♥for that man.10/10- Best Hero/Villain ever. Also, great game."
,Recommended,261640,12480966,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Numlock,good and fun game . it's more fun than borderlands 2!!!(got new weapon-laser gun and new element-cryo!!!!!)
76561198068719186,Recommended,261640,12653057,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,dickovens,"Pls buy it. If you don't, my feelings will ne hurt. pls"
76561198013763006,Recommended,261640,12481364,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[B]t[O],It's stiill Borderland
76561198125719539,Recommended,261640,12483575,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Methanil I hellcase.com,Really instresting and fun game
,Recommended,261640,12483566,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zeydra,Slammmm... Slammmm....
,Recommended,261640,12481889,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[CSL]4N Boi,Playing it one day earlyHell yeah11/10
,Recommended,261640,12480318,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,B.,yes
,Recommended,261640,12479885,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome
,Recommended,261640,19154771,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,デク,"This might have been one of my favorite Borderlands game. I had already played and finished this game on the Xbox, but after that being snatched away by my sister, I decided to buy the game for pc. I played it for a bit, but stopped playing it for a while. That is until my boyfriend got it as well and offered to play it with me. It was the most fun I have ever had playing a game. We blew through that game in about 24 hours(a couple hours here and there since we both worked). He played as Nisha and I played as Lady Hammerlock and we made an unstoppable team.I don't think this game is anything like Borderlands  2.  That game had it's own feel and own way to play. It's not like playing BL:PS. You have to actually be careful of oxygen use and come on, lasers? ♥♥♥♥ yes. I became a huge fan of the cryo weapons and soon the corrupt weapons you get from the ClapTrap DLC.I seriously recommend this game though if you did enjoy Borderlands 2 because you will definitely love this one."
76561198077162296,Recommended,261640,19154926,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,2D,"Fun, positive since the game dropped in price obivously but now the question comes: why hasn't there been a new dlc yet?"
,Recommended,261640,18886979,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bouxn,"Love the double jump and stomping, as well as being able to start setting skills at level 3, but outside of the main story the quests are very boring. I'm really loving the lore of this series and at this point I'll still be buying everything Borderlands."
,Recommended,261640,18886126,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,McBroseph,"I like this one.  If you play FPSs like me, you tend to unload the clip into the enemy while charging head first into them, then punching them in the face.  They further this idea with the ground pound.  with that said, it feels to me that the guns sway more in this one, and what with the low gravity I feel it is harder to be accurate with your guns than usual with borderands games, almost forcing you to use my personal playstyle.  then again that may be me, but i sometimes find myself wanting to be more of a marksman, but then reverting back to my usual charge-n'-punch style, and even relying on the Ground pound.The Story is pretty good.  It tells the rise of Handsom Jack and paints him in a pretty damn positive light, though shows him spiral into the megalomaniac that we all love to hate.overall, i like it, although i feel like i am stuck with a particular play style.  Decent Shooter/Great Ground-pound simulator with a good story that sets up borderlands 2.If i had to give it a rating, probably an 8/10. (I would probably have given borderlands 2 a 9+/10)"
76561198045199990,Recommended,261640,19116134,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,finn,Its awesome and I highly recomend it to everybody that likes semi wacky always epic titles.
,Not Recommended,261640,19117654,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Jue Viole Grace,"While I would recommend this as a good pass-time and an excellent way to spend time with friends, I really didn't enjoy this game as much as I did the first two. The magic of the Borderlands universe felt a bit lost with me on this release. The formula stays similar between the three games, and gearbox seems to have forgotten to add any new or interesting elements to the franchise. While ""butt-slam""ing is an addition, it's rather superfluous and didn't add anything at all meaningful to the gameplay. The oxygen system is also a negligible addition because as you progress through the game, it seems to become a non-factor. All in all, this game was shorter and far less memorable than bother Borderlands 1 and 2. I was kind of disappointed here, and while I would play it more just to waste time with friends, I wouldn't turn to this as something to enjoy my free time playing."
,Recommended,261640,19113046,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,obeth.exe,"No es tan bueno como el borderlands 2, pero sin duda te distrae suficiente como para jugarlo unas 40 o 50 horas, tiene los modos buscador experto y definitivo y dos personajes extra para elegir, si te gusto el primer y segundo borderlands deberias probar a jugar este."
,Recommended,261640,19090049,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Atolah,"The game is great but BL2 still holds fonder memories, and a better price tag, pick it up on sale if you liked BL2,"
,Recommended,261640,19145524,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,TheVizzzz 🎮,Well I'm A Big Fan Of This Franchise AND if soo are U then I definitely recommend this game.But it's not worth it for the full price.-Gameplay is same as Borderlands 2-Graphics are amazing-Audio is ooookishOverall i would rate this game 8/10
,Recommended,261640,19128728,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Nik,"Meh, I have really mixed feelings about this game, but since Steam only has binary reviews I'll go for ""Yes"" rather than ""No"". It's by far the weakest Borderlands of the series, and it feels like a big DLC for Borderlands 2 rather than a separate game. The story is a bit weak, but the gameplay is enjoyable, so if you just ignore the plot you'll have a good time."
76561198100781720,Recommended,261640,19151629,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Handsome Jack,Get your♥♥♥♥♥to the moon Vault Hunter!
,Not Recommended,261640,19140924,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sinlawks,"I played this expecting a new game, sense with Borderlands 1 and 2 having such a huge difference in gameplay.I got a copy & paste game.I feel like, this is a worse copy and paste than some of the battle field and call of duty games.In those games I feel some sort of different vibe, a big enough difference to make it playable.With so much time invested into BL2 on the xbox and some into steam, I can say I felt like I was playing  !AN OVERPRICED DLC!Copy&Paste of Borderlands 2, reskinned to look like a new game from it's videos.It's not. It really isn't new at all."
,Recommended,261640,19127463,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Run The Jewels,"Not the best Borderlands but definitely worth checking out a sale if you liked the other BL's. Although, I really liked the addition of the Grinder, which lets you combine useless guns into better ones. Spent a good chunk of my time in this game looking forward to using it to create better loot."
,Recommended,261640,19143497,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Kapilathor,"Writing as a very big fan of Borderlands 2 who prob has 300+ hours on Xbox. This game is great, very well made dialogues and funny querks but i didnt had as much fun as Borderlands 2. Still : A must buy item for Borderlands lovers."
76561198082182650,Recommended,261640,19056816,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Mercurycrest,"was nice after a year from borderlands 2, played it over 200hours but this game doesnt really have that spark anymore. still good game tho. :)"
,Recommended,261640,19065460,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SquidKing,"This game was really really fun! The lazer weapons made everything better! But their are still a lot of bugs in the game and its been a year since it came out. And on Elpis, pretty much every single enemy is pretty much the same, and the main story missions, barely had you on Elpis. And the the time it took to complete the main story was very short and I was kind of dissapointed of that, compared to Borderlands 2. But still, it was a great game and really fun to play, so I definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,261640,19066006,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Kenya,"People tend to call this just another Borderlands 2 copy, but I disagree.I get a lot of the weapons are the same, but I think since the game revolves around the backstory of Borderlands 2, I like it this way.The space scenery is phenominalLaser/Cyro weapons are fun as hell and the gravity jumps are cool too.The Oxygen part of the game is a bit tricky at times and I don't like it a lot. I think having to go back half way through a level is  bit BS.The new characters are pretty good as well and have unique abilities which I enjoy as well."
,Recommended,261640,18236252,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Psycho [Gaspar],"this is a game for everyone who loves1) Dark Humor2) Finding Treasures3) FPS-Games with an actual storyand if you like claptrap (WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU),you can even play as him..great..i guess?"
,Recommended,261640,19207337,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sour Grapes,"The game is great, the gameplay is interesting. But it could be better. However this is really just a fun little filler explaining what happened between Borderlands and Borderlands 2. That being said, I was hoping for it to be a little more fun. However it wouldn't be right to leave out the fact that aside from the lack of action we came to expect from the first two games, it does have its niceties as well.In all I would rate it 8/10"
,Recommended,261640,18651124,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,EveryonebutUs,buy it when it is on sale
76561198033197180,Recommended,261640,19205757,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mars,"just another borderlands, nothing more , nothing less"
,Recommended,261640,19205043,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Akatsuki,Is an amazing game 10/10
76561198028428176,Recommended,261640,18783908,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,complacent,"I'm loving this game as much as the other Boderlands games.  The mobility and verticality are something I have come to really appreciate, especially when i go back to the other Borderlands.  The campaign is shorter than 2, but with the different characters and the dlc there is still a ton of game to play.  The humor is similar to 2, and I love that the player characters speak and are referred to throughout the game. I got this when it was released, and while it gets old after some binge playing (much like the other borderlands) I keep coming back to this for a quick playthrough with a different character."
76561198051001539,Recommended,261640,18783241,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Frugold Carter,Best Game Ever
76561198098089251,Not Recommended,261640,17188573,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TheGreatVajonas,"Really fell short of my expectations. It was really repetative. It had good comedic references, but i felt its predecessors did a better job of it. The space gravity, and oxygen didn't feel like a huge addition; it just felt like something I had to micro manage, rather than somethign to enjoy. I liked the addition of laser weapons however."
,Recommended,261640,17199326,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DoufuCat,Nisha's♥♥♥♥♥ Oh and Pre-Sequel Moxxi's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088597423,Not Recommended,261640,17220008,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Heroruzz,"Glitchy and feels unfinished, Loved 1 and 2 and have all the DLC for both, didnt even concider DLC or replaying this, i hope the next one is good"
76561198048613780,Recommended,261640,17220695,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Keevilz,"Good game, lots of replay value playing through the story on other characters or with Co-Op. Decent DLC.Well worth buying - 10/10"
76561197962147777,Recommended,261640,17231092,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mr. Beard,"While a solid installment in the Borderlands series, I can't help but feel that The Pre-Sequel doesn't live up to Borderlands 2's level of awesome.If you're a borderlands fan, play this game. Pick up the DLC on sale though, or you'll feel a little cheated. IMO it's not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,261640,16772189,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BlackwaterJack,Not the best of the franchise
76561198072725565,Not Recommended,261640,16772279,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The entire population of Spain,"After buying this game for 100 bucks due to some conversion issues from paypal, to steam, I can say that no, this game is not worth it.I'm about 6 hours into the game at this point, and i'm playing as ClapTrap.And currently, i'm being camped by a badass outlaw who 2 shots me no matter what I do, I went to try to buy health and ammo, but he killed me then aswell.I've seen the revive screen so many times now that it's actually giving me a headache.I can't get pass his shields fast enough, nor can I throw any grenades because it's a small room. His weapon is a laser/beam weapon thing with 100% accuracy so I can't actually walk out of the room either.I think it's safe to say that I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game.I can't even get a refund due to steams 2 hour rule and even then, I wouldn't be refunded the 100 bucks I spent. (Correction. $97.89)Get Borderlands 2 if you want to get a Borderlands game, and if you have Borderlands 2, get Borderlands 1. This game is expensive and really not worth the pay.Just so you know, I did not get any DLC. I spent a fortune for a dodgy, buggy, crashy, boring, frustrating, no endgame Borderlands. Oh wait, there is an Endgame! I just have to pay for it."
,Not Recommended,261640,16772590,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,fizzyj,this game is no where near as enjoyable as the first two. do NOT purchase. not worth the $60
,Not Recommended,261640,16772704,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,lumpy,"6/10Fun experience, but not as a whole game. Not worth even the 25 dollars i put in. Felt like an afterthought, ended ubruptly, lazy writing, glitchy gameplay."
76561197999904784,Recommended,261640,16773706,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,VertexMaster,"If you've played BL2/BL1 this is just more of the same, which is good.  The story is a little weaker than previous installements.  7/10."
76561198133748225,Recommended,261640,16774012,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ajjolyn,Should have just been DLC to BL2 Other wise it was ok give it 7/10
,Recommended,261640,16774292,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,You like owls?,"I think this game gets a lot of hate because it carries the weight of borderlands 2 on its shoulders. However, I still think the game is worth the price. Its not as good as borderlands 2, but its still fun. lots to do,"
76561198076243375,Recommended,261640,16776309,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Vault Dweller,trying to get pillar of comunity badge to reach level 8
,Recommended,261640,16785255,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,bepsi,"I love this game, just as much as all of the other Borderlands games.It pretty much is just a 5th campaign DLC for Borderlands 2, though."
76561198171841963,Recommended,261640,16785350,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sir_Dingoose,this is one of the best of the borderlands games it has a really cool story and LAZERS!!!!!!! i love cl4p tp
76561197971517237,Not Recommended,261640,16999380,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,_Joe___,"This was a tough no for me. I'm going to play this game a lot, and I'm going to enjoy my time with it. Even so, I'm still disappointed with the final product the developers put out here. I've heard the assessment that this comes across as just a big DLC and that's pretty spot on. There's very little new meat on these bones, and for a full value product that's hard for me to accept.But it's not just that the game plays almost exactly like the last game - it's that the developers took several missteps that I can't support for the price they requested. Some of the new elements to the game just didn't do it for me. The lessened gravity and the butt slam? Not only is it something I've done before in other games, it's not all that interesting. It could have been interesting, but instead it's just slightly more bounce than the last game with an additional button press for damage. It could have been implemented better. There could have been a character that was all about the butt slam. But it wasn't and there isn't, and as such I'm left wanting.The lack of Oxygen? Also somewhat uninteresting. Maybe at higher difficulties it becomes more of an issue but at the moment it's basically a tiny HP drain that doesn't factor into strategy.There are inventory items tied into these uninteresting aspects of the game, which makes those items uninteresting as well. Elements that were supposed to add strategy are ignorable. That can't be what was supposed to happen.I think the things I find most unpleasant, though, are the NPCs they added and the way they added them. The first two main story driving NPCs I've encountered, Springs and Pickles, are painfully ridiculous. I get that this was an Australian company's work because it says so as the game loads. The game then forces childish, generic, over-the-top Australian nonsense on you for hours - because that's how long you deal with these characters. I had the same problem with the new Hammerlock character. Everything she says makes her unpleasant to play. I literally hoped there was an option to turn off dialogue for your characters. It's like the studio was making a kids' game. Also, for the record, I'm tired of child NPCs. There's no justifying them. Tiny Tina was one thing, Pickles is something else entirely.At it's very base this is a Borderlands game and if you're like me and you enjoy this game you'll have fun with your time here. But if you're also like me, you'll be disappointed in the overall presentation. I have 100 hours of Borderlands with a sprinkling of disappointment throughout. As such, I can't recommend this."
,Recommended,261640,12941744,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Pringles On My Tea,Gungasms while doing buttslams and jumping with a ghostbusters laser theres 1.5 for ya
,Recommended,261640,17053212,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,MurKurySnake,not as good as 2 but still fun for borderlands fans.
,Not Recommended,261640,17056601,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jeanjacket,"I don't really understand the appeal of this game.The story is weak and seemingly presented as an afterthought, the humor is shallow, the battles are uninspired, unimaginitive, and require little strategy.The only thing that people could possibly like about this game is getting ""cool"" new guns or grenades and watching things get shot or explosions happen. It all seems very ADD lol. It doesn't even have cool scenes, awesome landscapes, or epic battles for any kind of wow or awe factor.The only thing fun about it was dicking around with friends.Maybe you're specifically looking for a game with this style of artwork and design, but otherwise Borderlands The Pre-Sequel offers nothing unique enough worth spending $30 on.Bottom line: No story, no ""wow"" factor, no strategy, no challenege. Just big explosions and clumsy gun play with friends with very little purpose nor feeling of accomplishment. It's just... running around doing missions, shooting stuff, getting another gun, repeat. Fun for about a day.  Anyone who thinks this game has something that counts as anything even remotely resembling a ""story"" hasn't played any actual story/character-driven games."
,Recommended,261640,17064671,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,=[T$C]= Sneakythenewguyy™,I broke my keyboard and mouse trying to shoot the left and right targets had to buy a new one to write this review 10/10 would break again
,Recommended,261640,16663956,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CaptainPkmn,"These are the three things you should ask yourself when rating this.Before the questionaire, I want to say that this game is not that bad. Yes, it made me cringe every 10 minute in part of the game, yes I noticed the annoying parts that were mentioned in other's review, and yes this game is a semi-disgrace to the borderlands sequel but I think it wasn't that bad as everyone was putting it. This is the story about Jack. His story. Where do you think jack is? Yes. Jack. He's in the moonshot cannon-space-majiig. Yes. So it takes place in space. Quit crying. Any way, this is what I put down.Borderlands Pre.Answers:Was it boring?NoDid it feel like a reskin?YesDid it fit in the Borderlands series?YesI'm not rating this game. I feel this game is more towards everyone's preference than a review. I honestly recommend it for the background of the borderlands series but if you don't want to get the game, I'd simply watch the important scenes online. Thanks for reading and no. This is about jack. Handsome Jack. You know... don't hurt the baby girl? The guy that is secretly pumping eradium into her and saying sexy things about diamond pony? yes. Jack."
,Recommended,261640,16665812,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CL4P TrAP,"I played BL2 alot before moving to this.The replacement of Frost effect over Slag is nice, so we dont have to worry much about the damage increment like BL2 UVHMThe weapons are still similar (and same) as BL2This make me feel this game is just a big DLC to BL2 with some new tweakI don't have much to say about the new characters, because I missed my crazy Kreig on BL2Overall 6/10btw, I still recommend this game"
76561197989646022,Recommended,261640,16670620,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,I_Hate_Emos,Meh no where near as good as number 2 but still enjoyable...could live without the Oz accents though.
76561198068617578,Recommended,261640,16716329,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gorgeous Freeman,"I liked it. But still the game is kinda overpriced, buy it in discount as I did. Borderlands 2 has a lot more content for much lower price."
76561198128318208,Recommended,261640,16718487,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tryspark,this game to me is better then borderlands 2 i love to jump around in zero g the weapons are so cool (ice pun) cryo element is my favourite element. the characters are more chatty and cooler looking and there are so many easter eggs.this was my review
,Recommended,261640,16720690,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,henry.ko67,"Although when I purchased this game I could find more people against recommending the game, I enjoyed the game anyway. Yes, I do agree with the others that the game seemed rather short and the areas were smaller than Borderlands 2, and that vehicle handling was somewhat harder. However, when I play any Borderlands game, I play for the story more than the actual shooting, though shotting still accounts for a lot in this game for me. The story, in my opinion, was very well made in order to bridge a path in between the first game and the second game. I believe this can also account for the shortness of the game, as it would be hard to add too much into the story here since the new details could be contradictory to either of the games. As for driving, I don't really blame 2K Australia or Gearbox for the controls. I think the vehicles should've been harder to control as it was the moon, not an actual planet with stronger gravity. As for characters, I found it interesting to bring characters from Borderlands 2. However, I found it that only Athena was worthy to play for me, maybe it was because her special ability was more powerful, or maybe it was because her part of the story was much stronger. Honestly, I felt like the game was focused on Athena and Handsome Jack's story a little too much if the makers wanted to include the other characters, but since I played Athena, it wasn't a problem for me. Overall, I did enjoy this game a lot, and hope to see another Borderlands game. For those who want to continue in the story, I recommend you go play Tales from the Borderlands, it actually continues the story in a somewhat direct way. Oh, almost forgot, the DLCs for this game.... That was the one thing I had a complaint about, they do way too less. Anyway, sorry I had to make you go through this long comment, just for the record, I wanted to put a potato in this post."
,Recommended,261640,16723244,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,JimJam,"This game makes a lot of promises and for the first time in the trilogy it doesn't come through on most of them from the mediocore boss fights to the slightly too forced story this game is a little disapointing. Gameplay wise the additions that this game adds are minimal but modestly succsesful, the oz kits are a small change but it works within the universe. Buttslaming is another gameplay addition that feels very natural with higher jumping. In the visuals department this game is   the most beutiful yet, from the long draw distances, high jumping, and large open areas to the large night sky that is almost omni-present. The bigest improvement comes from the gun department, to sum it up in a few words SPACE LAZERS!!!!!!! The classes are fun and overall a small improvement on the formula we have seen in past, with the exception of claptrap, a character i don't want to spoil who is quite diffrent. Now for the final part of this review: the story. To clarify Jack as a character is awesome the strongest part of this story by a ""long shot."" But the story drags on a bit to long and still manages to be too short. I was finnished to almost 100% in 14 hours and very dissapointed with the bland story missions and just plain lame bosses, especially the final boss. Other notable cool inprovements include characters having relevent conversations off and on mission and the new elemental type. All in all this game is a fun and enjoyable shooter that compares well to games like call of duty or Battlefield, but when you start to comare it to other borderlans games it comes out in a worse light. My advice is to play it but wait until it hits the discount shelves. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,261640,16699352,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CallMeRooster,"The Pre-Sequel does Borderlands less like Mad Max, and more like Halo, with the guns from District 9, and the sountrack from Mass Effect.Low-gravity jumping, jetpack boosting,  causing explosions, and raining down lightning bolts all before ever touching the ground is just about the most fun I've had in a Borderlands title. The settings are vastly unique and full of rich color and detail. The screenshots above are 100% true to the product delivered.If you are lore-hungry, The Pre-Sequel is built expand the Borderlands universe, while setting up the events for Borderlands 3. The story isn't as rich as the one found in Borderlands 2, but the story it does tell is well paced and thought out.With that being said, the biggest downside to this game is near the beginning. My initial playthrough felt stale for the first few chapters, with the worst characters/ quests of the entire game taking the reins of the main story pretty early on (pretty much any part where Pickles is involved.)That weak spot, combined with the high expectations for content set by BL2, have probably soured a lot of reviews. It has it's flaws, but The Pre-Sequel has definitely earned it's place in the Borderlands series."
76561198045935442,Recommended,261640,16709086,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Damnit Bobby,Came here for the jokes and the storyline. Stayed for the gameplay and thouroughly enjoyable campaing. Left satisfied and laughing.
76561198151505063,Recommended,261640,16763168,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,really_badatcsgo,"The borderlands franchise has been my favorite since that fateful day i got that 9 dollar deal for 1 and 2 and you know what pre sequel is almost as good as 2 if u want to know why handsome jack is ""evil""(i personally think he was always good) then BUY THIS GAME IT IS BORDERLANDS 2 IN SPACE"
,Recommended,261640,18272993,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bones,Very creative and entertaining game. Would reccommend to people but that's more effort then it needs to beGOOD GAME
,Recommended,261640,18264798,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,franciumphosphide,"Just like Borderlands 2, this game does not skimp on the all out shenanigans. The new Oz Kit game mechanic is a blast, and  multiplayer coop is the most fun I've had in a video game in a long time. 10/10"
76561198081737934,Not Recommended,261640,18266702,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,chamberstoby1,"Just buy borderlands 2...Borderlands TPS is good but BL2 is cheaper and after playing BL TPS and BL2, i felt myself just ignoring TPS and playing 2. If you really want to buy it though for story or lasers (Which admitidly are awesome), buy the season pass for the claptrap dlc and handsome jack (The only intresting character apart from whilhelm IMO). Also I got TPS and the season pass on an 80%ish discount for like £20 and I still thought it was over priced given I have put three times as many hours into BL2 and thats much cheaper as I bought the GOTY edition for £7 on the sales.If you have to buy it, wait for a sale and buy the season pass aswell. But BL2 GOTY is just sooooooo goooooood I can't recommend this for two years development diffence between 2 and this (Moores law).In conclusion, its the same as BL2 but only slightly different. Buy BL2 and all dlcs and you will probably spend less than this game by itself, however its not a bad game, in fact, its a great game, its just not as good as 2, which is a massive shame."
76561198120700459,Recommended,261640,18237823,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Skiereagle,"Very fun. New, interesting characters, classic Borderlands fun. A bit shorter than the other two."
76561198119123757,Recommended,261640,18238258,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,PEPE THE GOOK,"Pack your meat bicycles, cause we're going to the moon."
76561198056356226,Recommended,261640,18250476,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,MrFramboozle,good with food
76561198035503401,Recommended,261640,18240544,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Aggro Druid ResidentSleeper,polygon based danny phantom simulator: moon edition
,Recommended,261640,18255258,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Chutter McDabbi,"Solid game. If you're afraid that it's exactly like Borderlands 2 it is somewhat in honesty, but it has it's on feel to it. I've had so much fun playing this game so far and could play it endlessly"
,Recommended,261640,18232876,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lenneth,"good, but borderlands 2 is better IMO. its probably better than Borderlands 1."
76561198053342973,Recommended,261640,18244875,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,GhostDemon,"Borderlands.... does anymore really need to be said? Sure some people may have their problems with Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel but listen. There is a really good story and Handsome Jack? Probably my Favorite Character ever! His commentary is really funny throughout the whole game (DLC Included).So lets see here the review huh? First thing you do is you get shot to the moon in a space ship. If you do not already like the sounds of that then there is something wrong with you. You get to kill people with your butt by butt slamming. If you dont by the game just because of that. You need to reevaluate lol. In all honesty though the game is really good. The controls are smooth, gliding through low gravity is pretty neat. The difficulty is there for those of you who do not want a game that is a total push over. Some bosses will definitely give you a run for your money.Oh and the DLC for this game? Pretty good, I do not care much for Holodome or the other Vault Hunter Pack but they are pretty helpful for gear and extra levels as you progress past the first difficulty of the game into True Vault Hunter Mode.My advice, do not skip a single quest, can't figure it out? Google it. Those lost quests and eventually lost levels will really catch up with you later in the game.Do I recommend this game? ♥♥♥♥ yeah I do. Borderlands is amazing from the Original, to Borderlands 2, and now Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and now to the next Borderlands that is in development.Enjoy playing Claptrap or one of the other awesome classes. Doppelganger is probably the best IMO."
,Recommended,261640,18195785,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,themysteryguy,"Not as bad as some people say it is,BL:TPS is pretty similar to BL2, except with a different story and a few added features.It's still fun to play and there are laughs to be had, but I reccomend you get it when it's on discount as it's more of a large DLC than a full game.11/10 would buttslam again"
,Recommended,261640,18195996,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Fresh Nicholls,good mullah baaabby
76561198044584335,Recommended,261640,18255756,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bouncy++,If you liked the other Borderlands series then I suggest you buy this game. The physics in this game is amazing. It know when you're inside a room with gravity or not and depending on the atmosphere/room it automatically changes how fast your character moves. There is a slight glitch though when I get hit by cryo. One of the effects of cryo is lower movement speed and this has happened to me occassionaly. When I get hit by cryo rarely it permanently lowers the movement speed until you restart the game. Aside from that one glitch the game is Borderlands on the Moon which is great.
,Recommended,261640,18109941,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Froge01,Great game. love it. you can use a 2.0 GHz. processor only buy claptastic voyage if wanting to buy DLC.
,Recommended,261640,18307875,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,|K@MI|TheCloneWars2008TVSeries,"Named my Baroness ""Misogyny"" and got to backhand Abbott in the quest ""Another Pickle"". I'm not too sure how Tony Abbott would feel if he knew he was made fun of in a game, you know being Australia's current Prime Minister and all...""Turnbull for what?""Abbott H8ers will like thisSuper Mario Bros. fans will like thisExcalibur fans will like thisGodzilla fans will life thisSpace Odyssey fans will like thisFamily Guy  fans will like thisToy Story fans will like thisDaft Punk fans will like thisGhosts from Home fans will like thisSe7en fans will like thisThe Jetsons fans will like thisRed vs Blue fans will like thisPokemon fans will like thisStar Wars fans will like thisDoctor Who fans will like thisAustralians will like this.Borderlands fans will like this.I LOVE THIS"
,Recommended,261640,18324237,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Gem,"Pretty DOPE, Clank is the best character, Ratchet would be proud of him"
,Recommended,261640,18316754,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gavinplays,love the game to OP for me 10/10 would fap agen
76561198010800766,Recommended,261640,17759900,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,79%
,Recommended,261640,17760990,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,tastywaffles,"All things said it is pretty good. The story isn't as in your face as BL2 but provides alot of backstory. The gameplay is the same but with low gravity and lazers. I was disappointed with the few glitches that remain,none gamebreaking but annoying. If BL2 is a 10/10 then this is a 9/10."
76561198137878939,Recommended,261640,17775711,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CherryDoodle,.
76561198068981069,Recommended,261640,17998625,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,cpt.freedom attorney at justice,"Yes! It's not borderlands 2 but, it's an enjoyable game. I've spent hundred of hours on borderlands 2 and all of the larger dlcs but, only scraped the surface of pre-sequel in comparison. If you are a fan of the series i would say it is a great game. It's shorter than two but, it's still a longer game than most with great replay value"
,Not Recommended,261640,18056308,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Calem,"So far I've clocked a few hours in Borderlands: TPS and tons in BL2 and also the first one and I have to say that Borderlands: TPS is by far the worst in the series. Bordering on downright bad.There are good things about this. Handsome Jack is one of them, unfortunately, he's one of the very few good things about this game. The dialogue is funny and generally on point with the first two games so it's got that going for it.But that is pretty much where it ends.The novelty of low-grav and oxygen wears off rather quickly, the missions are often boring and very repetitive and the locations of objectives are more often than not placed as far apart as possible. On top of that you find yourself wasting a lot of time simply looking for where to go. I don't mind challenges but some of these are completely irrational in every sense and are just time wasters put in there because apparently the lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who made this couldn't think of anything better.The balance in the game is non-existant. Even with a quite powerful shield and lots and lots of health, it's pratically a death sentence if I get hit with a fire weapon. And as you progress in the game, more and more of these seem to appear. I've spent waaaaay too much time running from a spawn point back to where I was.2K Australia also committed what is, in my opinion, the unholy trifecta of ♥♥♥♥ups when it comes to missions. Escort, timed and racing missions. Do NOT put that♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game, it doesn't work, it's not fun and it only serves to infuriate people. If I wanted to play a ♥♥♥♥ing racing game, I'd play Mario Karts! Is this Mario Karts? No! Then expect me not to want to play a ♥♥♥♥ing racing game! And if your stupid robots can't get their metal asses to a recharging station themselves then let robo-evolution works it's magic and get it killed, don't waste my time with it. And timed mission is in itself the one thing that should get everyone involved with making this game sterilized immediately.♥♥♥♥ 2K Australia, you took something really, really good and ♥♥♥♥ed it up in ways I can't even describe. I'm glad your worthless asses are closed down!Die, you pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Die."
76561198020529713,Recommended,261640,18074968,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ZaftJustice,"Best Loot System in series, better skills trees as well.  Everything an improvement, except half the classes are easier and more fun to play and the other half are harder and not so much fun compared to BL2.  The main part of that is the better classes are from the DLC's .  The Baroness and Jack just mow throw enemies like its a cakewalk.  Athena takes getting used to but can definitely hold her own once learning how to use her intially very short duration skill.  Wilhelm is a nice tank until reaches endgame of first playthru then its very difficult to advance as his action skill and damage are just not enough to break through easily.  Only other thing to mention is personally, the maps really are not appealing compared to BL2 because all have same Moon landscape, compared to variety of environments from BL2.Overall highly recommended, if you love Borderlands this is most certainly worth picking up when goes on a big sale."
,Recommended,261640,18075227,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Cuma,Dope
,Recommended,261640,18072386,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,GreeNXZA,Good game but a bit short. Like a DLC of Borderlands 2. Still recommend though. 8/10
,Recommended,261640,16869364,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Senpai,"A really good game with cool vault hunters and cool new lazer weapons. I cant say i would pay $60 for it but it is definately worth the buy and offers alot laughs and cool story. All characters are fully voiced and they make comments on the story and side quests, i wish this was in the first two games. it makes me want to play the game from start to finish with each character to see what they say."
76561198132288133,Recommended,261640,16875885,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Doppelganger,"Judging from the complexity of this game series, we really shouldn't blame too much on Gearbox for making the Pre-Sequel too similar to Borderlands 2.Exactly like the situation when Diablo III was released, becuase of the great success of its predecessor Diablo II, Diablo III failed to reach such high expectation. Did that make Diablo III a terrible game? No, it's still a great game but not to the level that can satisify all players. So does Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel.It's definitely a good game, however, for players new to Borderlands, really should begin with Borderlands 2 rather than the Pre-Sequel."
76561198090348038,Recommended,261640,16530323,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SchildEnVriend,DEM DARN TREXICANS ARE RUINING EVERYTHING
76561198185925491,Recommended,261640,16879311,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TnyKtns,Best game in the series.
,Recommended,261640,17425089,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Mr. Bulldops,"I loved it,it's a bit short compared to BL and BL2 but due to the nature of BL games that's both a blessing and a curse.The story feels a bit forced in between BL and BL2 sometimes leaving you questioning how canon it really is,however in the end I realised that most if not all of the events do fit. Only leaving me wondering why BL2 doesn't have lasers.The new characters are pretty awesome, especially the playable ones, lot's of crazy and whacky quests.The characters do feel a bit sniperphile at times, especially Nisha.Especially CL4P TP looks like an amazing character for four player gameplay.The story is very interesting though short, it intrigued me more than the other two games.New guns are cool, a lot of old guns are still in it so this is a big plus.I haven't started any of the DLC's or endgame content yet but from what I could make up they are cool as always.TL:DR: Interesting story, Lilith bad, Jack ¿good?"
,Not Recommended,261640,17433923,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Jakerfuffle,"Summary: This should have been a $15 BL2 DLCI bought the game on summer sale for $25, if you can get it from 20 or cheaper, you won't regret it. But I feel sorry for those who bought it for the full $60. Half the length of borderlands 2, and the whole time it feels like a BL2 reskin. There wasn't anything unique about the few new characters they brought in. Basically, it felt like I was playing a BL2 DLC. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed playing it. Was it worth $25? Not in my opinion. There was only the new oxygen regulation mechanic (which half my friends hate and half of them like)and a few new minor characters. I enjoyed the large amounts of enemies and bosses in BL2, but this just didn't seem to have them. I am disappointed they branded this as its own game. To give you an idea, with the 15 hrs I've played ( when im writing this review) I'm already halfway through my 2nd playthrough, and 25% of the way done with a playthrough I'm doing with friends."
,Recommended,261640,17448233,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,farty poopy tee tee doo doo haha,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,261640,16855742,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Bonriyu,definitely another borderlands game. boy do i miss mordecai tho >.<
,Recommended,261640,16862568,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kindlewave 🔥🌴🌊,A+ would buy and get called a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ while being shot at again
,Recommended,261640,16866858,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cerberus6320,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a very fun game. The story line is very well done, but the best part by far is the gameplay. Team up or go alone as 1 of 4 playable characters (before DLC) as you go through this shoot and loot game. The combat system isn't all too different from previous Borderlands games, and as a result, is easy to pick up. The game features many side quests, hilarious characters, and tons of loot. It's a fun game and I really enjoy it."
76561198057619146,Recommended,261640,17451098,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,INKFUELEDARTIST,HESH
76561198125009503,Recommended,261640,17451961,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,I Cheat xD,Wanted this game for awhile got it and.....IT WAS WORTH IT-Charaters talk alot more-Somewhat better actionskills-CL4PTR4P Is a Vault Hunter-Half the game isn't about hunting a vault just KILLING EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING THING!-Moxxie is on the Moon-Found out Jack wasn't bad intill stuff happened-Ladyboners are a thing because Janey Springs SAID SO!
76561197973636349,Recommended,261640,17455544,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zeal,"TL:DR - This is effectively a stand alone xp for Borderlands 2. If you enjoyed BL2, you'll enjoy this. Buy it on sale.Longer version.Basically an extra long DLC masquerading as a new game, the pre-sequel gives you everything you got in BL2 but adds a few new mechanics into the mix.The first mechanic is the low gravity, no oxygen, butt slam one. It's ok, rarely do you need to rush to find oxygen and all the boss fights don't really use the mechanic at all. The usefulness of the butt slam varies depending on the character you play, it's more suited to a melee class.Laser weapons - the beam weapons are very useful, I generally had one in my weapon rotation.Cold weapons - freeze people to death. Useful, but neither here nor there.New characters - I played the game with handsome jack, relatively fun, quite reliant on his special skill, he's not overly strong in one particular weapon class - i used a mix of pistol, smg, sniper and beam laser weapons, with a strong preference for the last one. Can't comment on the other characters as i've not really used them.The storyline fills in the gaps between the two other Borderland games, and goes to explain a lot of what happens in Bl2. The tie ins are good, though a little predictable when you are playing it. The story isn't super compulsive to play, and there are times where you have to do filler quests to make sure you are the right level to proceed on the main storyline. You can't just play the main story through. It's about 10-12 hours of gameplay.All in all, it's not worth the full price they were charging for it, if you can get it on sale and you enjoyed the borderlands series, then its a worthwhile purchase."
,Recommended,261640,17459550,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,[GitP] Archonic Energy,More of the same...THIS IS NOT A BAD THING!
,Recommended,261640,17408410,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,PandaKing,"This game was a blast!! I love the Borderlands franchise, sadly this is second best(Borderlands2 was better), the end game just takes sooooo long to beat though. (Mainly because I have no friends and randoms are ♥♥♥♥ing dumb as hell.) Luckily, I have no life and had the 4 hours to beat the last boss. I give Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel! an 89/100. YUP!! Because TORGUE SAID SO!!! MELEOOOOOWWW!!!! (Supposed to be guitar. DON""T JUDGE ME!)"
76561198163914123,Recommended,261640,20126133,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,hAON9420,If you enjoy Borderlands humor in an Australian accent this game is for you!
,Not Recommended,261640,20135474,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Glitchi Tim,this game is not that good... I am a real fan of borderlands but i will admit that i didn't really liked this one... I don't mean that i don't want you to take this game but anyways... i don't recommend this game...
,Recommended,261640,20145652,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MedusaNXS,"Fun and in the vein of the other Borderlands games. Get it, if you're a fan. Get it if you haven't played the others and start here.Enjoy!"
76561198147079697,Recommended,261640,20117984,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Retoᴮᴼᵀ,"Great Game, has a little of the same feel in borderlands 2  8/10"
76561198159521380,Recommended,261640,20138249,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mr.thumbs,ITs a good game
76561198105666248,Recommended,261640,20136821,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mini drake,i mean its your money spend it as you please
76561198117530765,Recommended,261640,20115334,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PowerWordKill,"This game surprised me quite a bit.When first starting out, I thought it seemed a bit too much like an expansion on BL2... But that's not a bad thing in this case!There's enough that's new and exciting to warrant it being a completely new standalone game, and I love the story! And the ending! I can't wait for the next installment, 2k hit GOLD with this series! 8/10"
,Recommended,261640,20110472,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SaintAces,great game i highly reccomend this there the story is kinda short but hard even if its like fighting the final boss from bl2 3 thimes as a lv20 but thats what makes it fun the money system kinda wired but i dont give 20 ♥♥♥♥s classes are funny and adio diolog is really funny so if you gave this game a thumbs up give your self a great high five and kick some♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,261640,20109574,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DrPogo2488,"I had this game for Xbox, but fell in love with it more for PC. I initially sped through it like it was an extended DLC for Borderlands 2, because that's how it seemed, but once things became more apparent, like Raid Bosses, Farming, etc. it added the wonder back into it that was intially so enticing from Borderlands 2. In fact, I even went back and played Borderlands with my fiance for out semester break, until Christmas. I couldn't recommend this game more. It helps to know the backstory from Borderlands 1 and 2, because the jokes and the easter eggs make more sense, but overall, the game is solid, and the new additions are a welcomed challenge to an already amazing interface."
,Recommended,261640,20115458,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NOOB-NOOB!,"Great game, a little different than the other two, mostly since there is an oxygen limit (unless you play claptrap!) and the  physics are set to the moon, but still a fun game and an updated second playthrough that gives new dialog to the same gameplay, but harder!"
76561197978417324,Recommended,261640,20189717,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jerry Nelson,Good but not as good as Borderlands 2 of which I am a total junkie.
,Not Recommended,261640,20207493,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Casual Pancake,"Can't recommned this game unless it is on sale. I put a little over a thousand hours into Borderlands 2 on PS3, and around 80 hours in The Pre-Sequel. I loved the first playthrough, but had to push myself to play it another time. There's no endgame after the main story is complete, and the DLC was disappointing (still haven't finished the Claptrap DLC). Buy it if it's on sale, but don't expect the same content that Borderlands 2 delivered."
76561198226949484,Recommended,261640,20214235,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Squeezy,JUST BUY IT IT'S BETTER IF YOU PLAYED THE PAST BORDERLANDS FIRST BUT WHATEVER YOU DO JUST BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,261640,20218565,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hervey Dant,"This is my favorite of the series so far. The environment is refreshing, amazing vistas, the characters are not as mute, and the low gravity + O2 jet pack make for some really mobile gun play.The only downside is that it is harder to find higher level multiplayer games than in bl2.Do get this game, it gives a nice change of feel to the franchise."
,Recommended,261640,20222576,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BottomFeeder,"Its border lands and a good game, but not as good as its prior titles.This entire game looks like its textures and modles were designed to run on the PS Vita. Its very unusual to see a graphical backslide, but that being said this is a minor issue it is rare that it distracts.The largest problem is that boarder lands was never an amazing platformer, but whoever designed the levels and characters movment mechanics didn't really do the prior titles justice even on their subpar level traversion (boarder lands has never been assasins creed or mario ;) ). It boils down to one large problem and many small, the large is that nearly every location object and person of interest hidden or not you will find at ""up"". Aside from being predictable and boaring, as any compedent fps player will tell you a low grav jump is when your least in controll and at your slowest and most exposed. It at the coneptual level had alot to overcome, but with simple failures like wide spread mid air mid field invisable walls and shin collisions with walls not in your vision causing you to drop 1-9999 feet, acention aka general movment for the pre sequal can become a chore.The rest of the game is quite in order, expect more of the same but on the moon. If this is your first border lands you will have a fantastic time. Expect a solid engine, a unique to boarderlands art style, and giant pile of hillarious audio. The largest advance in this release is their skill trees, it feel more interesting, and has alot more interplay and variety."
76561198092699366,Recommended,261640,17877595,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,CookieDingo,"Not enough was added for the price tag. Wait for a sale or buy the Borderlands 2 GOTY edition.Still a good game as it's very similar to No.2 but again, not worth the asking price and, IMO, Borderlands 2 was better.EDIT:If you really enjoyed the previous Borderlands and want more thne this is a good game by all means but if you've yet to play Borderlands 2 then I would say get that as there's more to it. The price has been reduced and so I can recommend it but I would say It's in this order:Borderlands 2 > The Pre-Sequal > Borderlands 1 and that's the order I would say get them that is if you don't want to play them in order of story. But agains, if you don't own a Borderlands game and are looking into buying one and aren't too bothered about previous stories then Borderlands 2 should be the first stop."
76561197960693901,Not Recommended,261640,20205126,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,<BS> Red Rocket Dog,"This game is absolutely and utterly terrible. The levels are poorly designed time wastes that require you to constantly trek back and forth across them endlessly. The writing is so sophmoric that even the characters you've met from the other games seem like parodies of themselves. There is a complete lack of an antagonist or an otherwise personally motivating factor (or even a story line for that matter). This game is a massive disapointment and one poor decision after another in virtually every aspect of its vision. Don't waste your time. Go give Borderlands 2 another play through instead. Trust me, you'll enjoy it far more."
,Recommended,261640,20205190,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,cheeki breeki,pros:-can play as fake handsome jack-your character actually talks-killing space alienscons:-no tiny tina-where's krieg-borderlands 2 is better
,Not Recommended,261640,20190097,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ronnie Rimjob,Terrible Game!!!!! How to find obscure ways around doors simulator 2015!!!! Should have been a DLC.3/10
76561198081766963,Recommended,261640,20190437,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheRealG,"This is note quite BL2, it lacks a bit in overall story and characters, but is none the less a fine Borderlands game. It does feel like an extended DLC of BL2 at times, but has enough new content to stand alone. The new gravity mechancis, Stingray hover craft, and oxygen usage are enough to add a little more depth. The moon setting is also quite fun. In so far, I would recommend this game for individuals who are Borderlands fans, but if you have yet to purchase any games in the series I would highly suggest starting with BL2 or the original. However, for 20 dollars with the season pass this winter Steam sale you really cannot go wrong with the Pre-Sequel. Overall, I would rate this game as a solid B+, but be ready for the odd accents on this moon... Oh! The new heroes are also fun! So give it a try, or wait for it to come down in price more in another year, but either way, get it eventually becuase you'll have a good bit of gun playing mega killing gravity splattering claptraping fun!"
,Recommended,261640,13508909,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dogscumage,7/10
76561198094630641,Recommended,261640,13509976,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Philosopher Felteor,"Amazing experience an rpg of the year with insane plot events, twisted side mission stories,very memorable characters(new and old), tons of epic weapons w/ their abilities, excellent art and graphics w/a lot more 9.7/10"
,Recommended,261640,13509984,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BakerSquare,"While it is very much alike to Borderlands 2, It is still a good addition to the story that helped fill in gaps between the first 2 games.The addition of oz kits and buttslams provided variety to the typical run and gun combat, Although it was a huge dissapointment that most of the orange guns were direct ports from Borderlands 2.In the long run the game was a blast to play especially with friends and I don't regret spending the money on it."
,Recommended,261640,13510045,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Concretacus,"Not recomended if you want the same experience as Borderlands 2. This game seems finished but unpolished and it looks like the playtesters might have missed a few obivious things. The controls play well and the story is easy to follow. The new vehicles are fun but very difficult to use in a fight. This game doens't have the same explorability as B-lands 2 and if you try, you'll find a glitch or death. The other NPC's aren't as memerable as they made characters like Scooter and Claptrap from B-Lands 2 memorable, funny, and likable/ hateable. (all of the pre-sequel NPC's are british and lackluster of a personality.) The game however is essential to the story and is able to stray from the path of the previous games while still maintaining the feel of a B-lands game. 7/10"
,Recommended,261640,13510328,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,digital|Horiz0n,"I'm going to give this game a thumbs up. However, instead of bothering to write a review I will simply state my opinion.The game is fun but runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's incredibly unoptimized. It cripples my GTX 980. Nuff said."
76561198065669893,Recommended,261640,13406681,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,GalaTheFish,Still a better everything story than twilight.
76561198046591431,Recommended,261640,13470096,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,like borderlands 2 but moon
,Recommended,261640,13471874,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ichy 42,"This game is freakin awesome, plain and simple! Not as long as BL2 was but just as entertaining, it's just the DLC that's feels lacking for the price paid. That said no Borderlands fan should be without this :)"
,Recommended,261640,13473309,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BOT J33f,"I would have to give this a 4/5 stars, compared to the other Borderlands games.While the commentary is hilarious and the character's are wonderful and creative, the gameplay is a little more laggy and sluggish than the past ones. I believe it's all to do with the moon jumping. Weird glitches, like things flying into the farthest distance possible after death.Love the series. <3 If you don't have the first, get it. I miss a true-sniper. Tired of these half-asses shooters and melee characters, lol..."
76561198047339207,Recommended,261640,13474543,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TheSnail,"People are expecting too much from this game. BL2 was just a continuation of the same gameplay from BL1. And so, BL:TPS is also just more of the same. BL2 recycled legendaries from BL1, so does TPS. However, the low gravity and new gun type do add new dimension to the game.And to the people complaining about non-respawning bosses.. what? Felicity, RK5, Sentinel, Bosun, X-STLK-23 (not really a ""boss,"" but has decent drops and farmable chests)."
,Recommended,261640,13476812,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Nigerian Prince,"its cool, i guess"
76561198131966905,Recommended,261640,13477565,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,JESUS IS COOL.,"This is a Great Game.The Mechanics Where Pretty much The Same but The new Weapons And Storyline made it intresting and fun.the game also uses differnt locations hyperion and elphis each one containg differnt enemys and boses.the most intresting bit in the game is the weapons and elemental(including Cryo And Lazers).The  game is also challenging and not to easy.espiceely with the first Boss.There are otehr things such as jumpads,enemys,double jumping and some game mechnics.but the best thing about this game is its balance between being to hard and to easy the innovation the landscapes aswell.the game left you wanting to play again,to but in perspective i played it 5 times.Not to hard and enjoyable an excellent game for any fps gamer."
76561198099651177,Recommended,261640,13477668,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The New Haddy,"If your a fan of the series than go ahead and buy it. Not for full price though, wait until its on sale. There is nothing really note worthy besides the characters and the interactions with the NPCs and such."
,Recommended,261640,13478764,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nekojag,Well designed game.  No major graphic conflicts within the bounds. Fun game with clear bounding aswell. :)
76561198015205720,Recommended,261640,13479336,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Punisher,"Its not Borderlands 2 but I like it. New space combat and body slam melee move makes for some different combat situations. New Laser and Cyro weapons are a nice touch, nothing like freezing a Scav in mid-air and watching him break into pieces when he hits the ground. Over-all, neither you will like the game or not. The thing too remember is that its not Borderlands 2."
76561198001809972,Recommended,261640,13479538,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FrozenChaos,"I really enjoy the Borderlands games, including the Pre-Sequel, it just doesn't draw me in like previous games.  I really enjoy the game when I'm playing it, but I don't really think about it when I'm not playing.  The game plays well, the story is interesting, the new element, mechanics and gun types are all fun but once I finished the story I went back to Borderlands 2.  In my opinion that is the major disappointment with the Pre-Sequel, there doesn't seem to be a reason to continue playing after the first playthrough."
76561197987116175,Recommended,261640,13480010,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Linux4Life,Great follow up game to Borderlands 2. Glad to have it on steamOS/Linux as well.
76561197965742687,Recommended,261640,13480759,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Schultzy,"More of the same with some tweaked good stuff in it. It's grand, it's great, it's hilarious.  The writing, as always, superb."
76561198071984289,Recommended,261640,13526005,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Boat Lord,this game is a game. I do not reccomend not reccomending to not ignoring this game
,Recommended,261640,13526487,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lord Noodlez,Lots of fun but not much more than borderlands2 and not as long.
76561198084017535,Recommended,261640,17773580,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,fowlesr40,This is a Prequal... unlike a sequal... It don't SUCK!..  GAME ON ♥♥♥♥♥'S
,Recommended,261640,17802354,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ShawnSaint,"I can't quite understand why this game isn't getting as much love as the first two games in the series. I think it's really damn good. Sure it doesn't have the massive amount of content that Borderlands 2 had, but it is still a huge game with a lot of great variety.The best features I feel is playing as characters that have a script of their own. It makes you feel as if you are a bigger part of the story. The lasers are a great addition to the gameplay and are a great go to weapon when you need it with the laser shotgun being just a little OP but still offering enough insentive to switch up your loadout.The biggest change I love about this game is that now that I have beaten the game and I'm starting in True Vault Hunter mode, there are new aspects to the story. While before it was Lilith interogating Athena and getting the story of what happened on Elpis, now it's Tiny Tina and Brick who are like ""Tell us the story again!!"" and add hilarious new dialogue.This game is a must buy for fans of the Borderlands and doesn't dissapoint."
,Recommended,261640,17809989,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Purple Haze,"This is a great game, it's funny, and is great for playing with friends. Great for FPS lovers."
76561197970378993,Recommended,261640,15179082,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Circuitry,"With the addition of the latest DLC, The Claptastic Voyage, this game is pretty good. If you enjoyed Borderlands 2 you might enjoy this as well.The game has gotten quite a few negative reviews, and I partly agree with a few of them.Mainly the lack of endgame material. However, they made all bosses refarmable a few patches back which is good.But I think the biggest problem with this game is that it had to live up to peoples expectations after Borderlands 2, and truthfully it is not as good as that masterpiece, however, still fun in its own way."
76561198083254881,Recommended,261640,17828595,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,melikun,Love it!
,Recommended,261640,12745832,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BabyRabbi,"I honestly at first thought this game was a clone of Borderlands 2. It costs 40$ more (now 20$), the DLC was very boring and not worth it, and the gameplay felt very bland and boring. Heck, the entire HUD is the exact same one in Borderlands 2!At first, I would have given this rating a No, as I felt the game was unplayable in this state and it was just an overpriced DLC for Borderlands 2.Then the Claptastic Voyage DLC came out.Just when the game was dieing, with barely any content, the Claptastic Voyage DLC came out. It adds a boat load of content and an amazing soundtrack to the game that makes the game 10x better. While the game may seem like a cheap copy of Borderlands 2 at first, it DEFINETLY gets better with the DLC  and as you keep playing. For 60$ (about 100$ with all the DLC) it really is worth it.Keep up the good work, Gearbox. Give us more content like Claptastic Voyage and this game might be really good.Edit: 2K Australia went Bankrupt and BL:TPS is no longer being worked on. It had a pretty good run while it lasted, but I still think the game is great. Just no more new content or DLC."
76561198195847858,Not Recommended,261640,17987272,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Donald Pump,"zero gravity was a good concept, but more tasking than fun. If the game was segregated into zones on the moon that could have had gravity field devices or even a mission to make gravity field devices over the entirety of the map it might have saved this game from being what it is. Jumping around slowly and falling at 1 MPH just gets really old, and personally made this edition of borderlands uplayable, which is sad, because borderlands is badass...."
,Recommended,261640,17987740,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Palpa,"The third installation (or second and a half? or maybe one and a half... whatever) of the Borderlands Series. All new characters, all new abilities, and an interesting little backstory about Jack and how he came to power.Like all Borderlands games, its crude, funny, beautiful, bloody, and all around enjoyable.One of my only problem is that the story, dialogue, and characters seemes a bit lacking. A lot of it was ""do this, shoot that, murder this guy"" and so on. It felt like there wasnt as much charm to the game as it's predecessors. But my biggest issue with it was just the lack if interesting bosses. I counted about 3 or 4 bosses, and only a few of them had the funny/awesome slow-mo that we all know and love.All in all, It's a good game. I like the characters, the gameplay and the scenery as well as some interesting new game mechanics. Like all games, it has its problems, but that doesnt draw away from the good times to be had.8.5/10 Good Game"
76561198141879292,Recommended,261640,16938980,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,jameshudson365,"i love the borderland series i much have playyed all 3 about 5-10 times each such a good game. will recormaned to anyone,"
,Recommended,261640,16956273,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kornth,Really cool and fun game - and now everything from Borderlands 2 makes sense after playing this! :D
76561198075910111,Not Recommended,261640,16940986,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,christraven,"I imagine the dev meeting went something like this:Producer:   ""All right guys, what have we got?""Dev #1:  ""Well, sir, we have about an hour's worth of story in total, partially fleshed-out characters, little to none of the charm or humor of Borderlands 2, and a bunch of in-jokes that anyone who isn't Australian won't get.""Producer:  ""Oooookay.... Guys, look.  We've got some pretty big shoes to fill.  What can we do to try and match the previous game?""Dev #2:  ""Well, instead of rushing the game to capitalize on the popularity of the title, how about we delay the release date in order to properly develop the title into a standalone game in the Borderlands mythos, flesh the new characters out and actually write some story that doesn't rely on tired in-jokes, pop culture references, and re-hashed fetch-and-run missions?""Producer:  ""....""Dev #2:  ""Sir?  Why are you staring at me like that?""Dev #1:  ""You'll have to forgive him sir.  He's new here.""Producer:  ""I would never have guessed.  Right.  So, that's a 'no' on pushing back the release date.  What else can you give me?!""Dev #2:  ""We...uh, could make the maps obnoxiously big.""Dev #1:  ""And, we could add laser weapons.""Dev #3:  (waking up from drooling nap)  ""Zzzzz-*-snort-*BUTTSLAMMING!!!""Producer:  ""BRILLIANT!""*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*This game had a lot of potential.  Unfortunately, it seems like the developers gave the story to the C-string writing team, a lot of the heart and charm was wrung out of the game prior to any actual development, and the maps are, as many have stated before, waaaaay too damn big.  I was looking forward to playing through with both Nisha and the Claptrap unit.  Not anymore.  I stopped playing Athena once through at the final levels.This feels more like a semi-large DLC that was padded out by increasing the maps to pointlessly large scales, and by throwing wave after wave after wave of enemies at the player.I got BL: PS on sale for $20.  It barely is worth that much, and DEFINITELY is not worth the $60 asking price."
76561198064234111,Recommended,261640,16962985,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Archy,"Despite people telling me that this game was very short, it did not seem as short as they said because of the story. It was simply great just like the rest of the series.Pros- I like the addition of the oxygen masks because it takes place on the moon.- The laser weapon type adds lots of character to the weapons, but I missed ETech weapons.- The irony and the comedy element remains from the rest of the franchise.Cons- Not as many hidden loot chests. I felt like they were too in the open and easy to find.- Should have been released as Borderlands 2 and then had Borderlands 2 released later. The story was confusing this way.- Things were too easy to kill."
,Not Recommended,261640,16963060,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,GiroGamz,Sad to say this is a downgrade in all regards from the previous installments.The map some how has less than the first game in terms of variety.The skills are boring copy and pastes or add nothing particularly interesting.The writing quality is garbage.All in all wait for a new mainline game or don't bother you won't find a good loot and shoot with this title.
,Recommended,261640,16964004,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,The Siren,Had a dream that a new playable character was a Loader Bot with a variant of Nisha's Action Skill.I woke up very sad.10/10
,Recommended,261640,14196061,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,NoLove,"This game is great for true Borderland lovers. If you are new to the series or not a huge fan, then I would skip this one. But if you loved Borderlands 2 and have a couple extra bucks then I recomend you buy this. I love the gravity aspect and like always all the new LOOT!! I also wanna add that Handsome Jack is a misunderstood hero."
76561198095385007,Recommended,261640,16903220,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,FreakazoidRobot,"Good, but not as good as Borderlands 2.I agree with most of what people have written, both positive and negative, but I'll try to underline those things that most stood out to me in contrast to Borderlands 2.PROSInteresting main story/charactersIndividual dialogue for each of the playable charactersPlayer ""classes""  have fun and varied abilities.Low gravity areas add new elementsMore borderlandsCONSSide stories/mission/characters are often boring.The humor frequently falls flat, especially in the first part of the game on the moon.The more nuanced story makes you think a little bit TOO much about your actions.Many of your opponents are considerably more maneuverable than you are.For me, hit detection up close was an issue. A lot of time when I was firing a gun point blank, it had no effect.The platforming was not handled well in a number of ways.If there was anything about borderlands 2 that bugged you, it didn't get fixed in the pre-sequel.ConclusionThe pre-sequel's greatest strengths are also it's greatest weaknesses. The more nuanced story adds drama and a few shades or moral grey, but it also sucks a lot of joy out of the experience. The casual violence that the series is known for becomes less fun (at least it did for me), when you realize that you are slaughtering people who are selflessly trying to do what they think is right, or in some cases, are completely innocent of any wrongdoing. Also, you may see certain beloved characters from Borderlands 2 in a new, less favorable light.The low gravity platforming adds variety to the formula, but it also causes frustrations when you are knocked off ledges or slide off a surface you thought you could jump on. Furthermore, enemies are generally more maneuverable than you, with faster, longer leaps or the ability to fly around indefinitely. Jetpack soldiers are a nightmare for snipers and others with slow firing weapons, since they like to fly around in circles over your head while shooting at you. Enemies can also use the stomp maneuver as many times as they like, since they don't have to worry about spending oxygen on it. Some of them will just do this continuously until you manage to get away or kill them.Gameplay is largely the same as Borderlands 2. The introduction of freezing weapons adds some interest, but doesn't really change combat significently. Similarly, lasers are basically just another gun with one major difference. Some lasers have ""continuous fire"" damage bonuses, which can lead to insane damage, especially if they also have a rapid fire rate. Once Moxxi gave me a gun like that, I used it for the rest of the game. As others have noted, this game is significently shorter than Borderlands 2, although still substantial.The entire section on the moon (Elpis) feels lower quality in every way, including voice acting, humor, dialogue, and plot. It isn't until you're about to go to the space station that things start getting interesting. On a second playthrough, I found it much more enjoyable to just rush through the first section as fast as possible.If you liked Borderlands 2, I recommend buying this game on sale. I paid about $25 for it and thought it well worth the value. If you haven't played Borderlands 2, you should do that first. It's the superior game in every way."
76561198071822151,Recommended,261640,16908968,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Tsu,"If you haven't tried Borderlands yet, you should. Hours of gameplay fun if you can get 3 of your buddies together. Playing solo works too, I just find it more fun with friends. Regretably, the engine and game features haven't changed that much since the first rendition of this game, but still worth the game time"
76561198029122008,Not Recommended,261640,16931756,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Nechrus,"I love Borderlands 2 but, this game feels more like an expansion rather than a new game and they aren't charging an expansion price. I can't call the game bad, but I can't call it good either, it's an average game so I leave my dislike for my disappointment by the game"
,Not Recommended,261640,16933331,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ShadowRaven117,Alright before I get started I wanted to say that I throughly enjoyed the first 2 borderlands games. My LAN group has sunk over 180 hours each (x4)This is not a new game.This is a DLC with a little bit more story content. This should be like $20.Step it Up Gearbox
,Recommended,261640,16933433,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TripsTravis,"This game came on weak, but after a while, it's still a new borderlands adventure and is a ton of fun. No idea why it's STILL 60$, but whatever, it's worth your time at least."
,Recommended,261640,16912601,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,BoomFizzPop,You can play as Claptrap... that is all you need to know.  10/10
76561198161695288,Recommended,261640,16916916,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,peewee2000br,"I liked it. shorter than first two, but still super fun."
,Recommended,261640,16919829,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,mushari.oh,"I like the game. it's Borderland2 with a twist and I don't think we really appreciate Borderland series enough, anyway if you liked BL2 I guess this is right in your ally if didn't then don't bother.however I didn't pick this at full price. my recomendation is get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,261640,17160926,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,CannonBall,same spikey fps lagsame network p2p lagsame no dedicated serverssame weapons mostlynot worth full price imoThe Dlc and levelcap is just a moneygrab accept clappy dlcC'mon gearbox put some of that earned cash from the succesfull bl series back into the next game;-DEDICATED SERVERS or an option to put up private dedicated online servers with anti-cheat-no buggy and proprietary PhysXCan i have my Borderlands3 now pleeezze :)
76561198098017941,Recommended,261640,17169296,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Tis heresy,7/10~Not enough Australians.
,Recommended,261640,17133293,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Irayo,"Not quite as good as Borderlands 2, but still good in its own way.  In terms of gameplay, it doesn't really add much over Borderlands 2, which is a little disappointing, but the storyline takes you through some nice backstory.  Worth playing if you're a fan of the series."
,Not Recommended,261640,17116136,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Twamers,"Don't buy this, you'll be wasting your money on a game that is the size of a DLC. Here is a list of why this game is so terrible- Raid boss is the same as the final boss- Legendarys are all the same as BL2- lack of content- over 10 less main quest missions than BL2- The need for oxygen is a pain and limits freedom of exploration- No good bosses- lack of side quests- Not fun- It's on the moon, not as fun as Pandora- Really slow boring prologue- So goddamn small- No fun crazy missions like BL2- Annoying characters- Lack of character development- Hardly any character customizations- Litteraly the same gameplay as BL2, with no improvements what-so-ever- Bad DLC- No replayability- Good story concept, but it's not as fleshed out as it could have been- Boring- Not much areas- Not much bosses to farm- Not much types of enemiesIt's not a good game, you could probably complete everything in less than a week, and the story just seems like it's missing something. This would be a good DLC for Borderlands 2, but not good enough for it's own game.Hell, even the Borderlands wiki couldn't be bothered to do much pages about anything on this game.Not worth the money it is. If you REALLY want it, buy it on a sale and don't expect a game better than a DLC."
,Recommended,261640,17123190,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,BINGO,gr8 m8 i r8 it 88 out of 8
,Not Recommended,261640,17125001,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mohobie,"If you have played the previous borderlands and like the game play rather then the story. Then this may be worth getting. If your looking to buy a borderlands title and do not already own Borderlands 2 with the DLC, then go get that! This game isn't bad, it just lacks the luster expected after such astonishing titles as Borderlands and Borderlands 2. This title is pretty much a let down in my book. Given the choice I would unpurchase it."
,Recommended,261640,17125670,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Jay/Seifer,"Don't Get me wrong, i LOVE Borderlands! but this game... ohhh man what can i tell you?1. the game is seriously half broken. there soo many glitches and bugs that are never fixed in this game it's hard ot tell weither it's worth playing sometimes. you can ver easily get stuck in random places and the only way to get out of them is to restart the game or die. not to mention that most mission objectives don't even apear on the location you are trying to get to.2. the game is STUPIDILY hard and almost impossible to beat on Single Player. the game is specifially designed to be more of a CoOp game, unlike Borderlands 2, this game is HIGHLY recomended for experience players and Team Effort.3. for the price of the game, i'd say it's ok to buy it, BUT it's not as long and not much to explore as Borderlands 2. unless there are tons of more DLC's coming out like the best ones in Borderlands 2. i for one cannot say for certain unless the Developers have said something about more addon content.i conclusion, buy and play the game if you so choose, but i will warn you. this game is impossible to beat on your own and it's half broken."
,Recommended,261640,17126659,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TigertheFUZZY,I want borderlands 3 to come out ASAP but it needs time to become a great game. I love the borderlands series and i dont think that the pre sequel was bad it did its job very well and Borderlands 2 was/is a great game too get into the series10/10
,Recommended,261640,17128388,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,m4rgin4l,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel doesn't add much to the series formula, and that can be either good or bad. It's a bit on the shorter side (compared to its predecessors), the story is ok, and the gameplay loop is still fun. Everybody has an australian accent, but some of the characters are unintelligible. I wouldn't go as far as calling this game ""only for die-hard of the series"", but if you played Borderlands 1 and 2, you won't miss much by skipping this one."
,Not Recommended,261640,16884130,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,crossalchemist,"TL;DR: Simply not worth the money. This is roughtly equivalent to what would be a DLC campaign in BL or BL2. I got it on sale for approx $21 with the season pass and I still feel like I may have over paid.I am a huge Borderlands fan. I have a bunch of collectibles, Marcus bobble head, Butt Stallion Diamond Edition statue on the way, posters, the works, and I CANNOT IN GOOD CONSCIENCE RECOMMEND THIS GAME.It is not a bad game, but it is super mediocre and it does not feel like Borderlands. There are a lot of good single moments, but these are ALL in SIDE quests (such as explaining the origin of Jack's invisibility and how Nakayama got a scan of Jack's brain).CONS:- Very few decent guns. There are basically threee good unique guns, and you get them after you are levelled up beyond them.- VERY annoying characters. Especially Pickle and Springs. I have Australian friends, I prefer the Australian audio track of Mad Max, I am totally capable of understanding Australian linguo and accent. I have no idea what Pickle is saying half the time and Springs is an insulting caricature.- SHORT. Of all three games, this campaign in the shortest, and that's saying sometihng considering the next CON.- You  are locked in to dialogue. In the previoous games, you could continue down the road while everyone talked about the quest. In Pre-Sequel, you are stuck and cannot continue for as much as 10 minutes while characters talk to each other about crap that doesn't even matter. You do not get a waypoint and often you are trapped in a room with nothing while this goes on. In the words of Tiny Tina (who only appears via narration) in the second playthrough of the game, ""Uggh, so much boring talky talk, get back to the shooting.""PROS:- It fills in the story of what happened to a few things that didn't make an appearance in BL2. A few things.- The Claptastic Voyage DLC. This is really the only reason to get the game and is what the main game should have been.And that's pretty much it. There are only a couple fun quests."
76561198069161962,Recommended,261640,16886363,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BeeRNuT,"Fun game, to bad its short and not hard to beat."
76561197972636851,Recommended,261640,16777896,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Woz,"This game has been slated by people, manys with 100+ hours. I guess they were expecting something the scale of BL2. While a smaller game with less world expansion DLC it is still good fun and the low G adds a new dimension to BL. All the normal Shoot and loot fun. Not sure then length of the ClapTrap DLC but would guess there is a good 40 hour for single character play through with DLC without gettig into the farming end game.To sum up. More BL fun with guns and loot and of course ClapTrap[UPDATE] I have been playing claptraps claptastic DLC, this is the gem in the game. I favorite DLC in the entire series of games, even better than the Tiny Tina DLC which is high praise"
76561198038049601,Not Recommended,261640,16888479,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Bees,"Just play the original Borderlands 2.Borderlands 2 is just better in every respect, pre-sequel isnt terrible, but it lacks any real imagination or memorable moments.Average story.Average classes.Average game.eh."
,Not Recommended,261640,17394429,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dūmlūpe,"In one of its first available quests, this game openly mocks the fact that you aren't going to understand most of its jokes and references. It only gets worse from there."
,Recommended,261640,17322901,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,☠Zombies Need Love Too☠,"this is a good game. but not worth 60 bucks. they dont update it, it has its bugs an it just seems like they just dont care about what we think long as they got money in there hand. i still like the game even tho it makes me have to reset my computer alot. good guns looks good, crappy dlc tho. think they just need to pull there head out there butts an update the game all ready."
76561198070220354,Recommended,261640,17404812,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Belal,"LOVE the Borderlands games, so much hilarious fun with friends, but I don't feel this one quite made it to the level Borderlands 2 made it.  Still worth adding to your Borderlands collection and the story has alot of hilarity to experience."
,Not Recommended,261640,17691993,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sams'Ego,Okay Borderlands 2 Was AMAZING.. this game however let it down..gameplay hasnt changed too much sept u now need oxygen to survive... this becomes tedious having to figure out how to navigate without running out of oxygen and dying.. was a major turn off for me... the classes were okay but much prefer the characters from the fist and second game...idk why this game was so bad this time round...hope the next one will be good...~if Theres a next one~
,Recommended,261640,17592416,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Czech Republic,Borderlands 2 with better scaling and a couple of very cool combat additions.9/10 Scaling still broken but fun
76561198131230416,Not Recommended,261640,17484932,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,TheeAdan,I had a miscarage playing this game.  Borderlands ♥♥♥♥ed us over.  The 3rd one killed it.
,Not Recommended,261640,17486236,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sansy Fresh,"TL;DR, Pick up the game when it hits $20 - $30Oh, Pre-Sequel. You had so much potential. Infact, I could say, if this were done better, it could have bested BL2. But, there are many flaws in this game. Let's look at the pros and cons here.Pros- The story is good,and may even make you feel bad for Jack.- The comedy is what you'd expect from a Borderlands game, over the top.- ""Zero G"" Movement is quite fun, and ground-stomping is fun too.- Cryo weapons!- Laser beams!- The grinder mechanic... I absolutely love this feature.- Austrailians, on the moon!- Claptrap is playable!- Game tells what happened after the credits.Cons-This game issmallcompared to its predecessors.- Double jumping; to me at least; is awkward.- Side missions are almost necessary to be the proper level.- Game is easy, if you keep up with it's level of enemies. (Take this with a grain of salt.)- No option to tip Moxxi.- No slag element.- No E-tech weapons.- Fire, for the most part, feels useless. (Again, take this with a grain of salt.)- Main city feels small, compared to Sanctuary.- Bosses do not respawn (With a few exceptions)ConclusionOverall, I had an enjoyable experience with this game, but, it isNOTworth $60, and it felt shorter than BL2. Pick it up when it hits $20 - $30."
76561198075534702,Recommended,261640,17491066,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,"980ti4790k4k43""ips💦","gosh borderlands, u rock"
76561197960541554,Recommended,261640,17491436,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,[CZR]Deckchair,Needs more EXPLOSIONS
,Recommended,261640,17466717,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,AnAdorablePorg,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
76561198006531943,Recommended,261640,17477897,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,branthebear,i love this game am just not happy that the dlc is done i wanted more out of this game i was hoping we get stuff like we did for borderlands 2  but i still love it just sad that it got cut short so many back storys they could have done here :(
,Not Recommended,261640,16569814,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jack Aleslayer,"Great game until you try to solo one of the last fights and it takes you 30 minutes just to break even.  I'll beat it, but I won't be happy about how I did it."
,Recommended,261640,16571809,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Krispy Krisps,"Its a lot like borderlands 2, but the characters are much better designed. Also, Handsome Jack is still in it!"
,Recommended,261640,16572332,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hastur,I really enjoyed playing this game
76561198018892935,Recommended,261640,16572506,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AceRimmer,"This is a good game and I would recommend it!  But, just know, this is not as good as Borderlands 1 and 2.  Something about this game just felt...lacking, in comparison.  It wasn't as funny or even as engaging as the first two.  The DLC is decidedly less than steller compared to the first two games.  But, knowing that, this is still a very enjoyable game and worth every cent...  Just don't compare it with the previous two games or you will be disappointed...VERY disappointed..."
,Not Recommended,261640,16572586,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PsyHawk0,"69.6 hours at this point. I've loved the BL & BL2 games and bought the expansions.We all have our likes and dislikes and what I don't care for, others may feel differently. But that is you/them and not me.Overall, the voice acting seems flat. The humor is not on par with the previous BL stories. The storyline is simply not holding my interest to keep me wanting more like the others did.A friend and I went through the previous BL titles and had a blast all the way through them. On this one, we just kept holding out for more. We simply were hoping it would get better somewhere, sometime and it just hasn't.It has not held my interest enough to finish the game. I haven't bought the DLC for this one and while its on sale, its tempting but I sit here and think - if the main story didn't hold my interests, will 72% off make it any better? I'm doubting it.If you like it,,, GREAT!  Enjoy it!I'm Sorely disappointed. So much so that I'm not willing to gamble $25.19 only to be bored out of my mind."
,Recommended,261640,16573472,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gue$$,Borderlands 2 is one of my favorite games of all time so i was nervous playing the pre sequel because is it gonna live up is the game gonna be good well the game isnt as good as borderlands 2 but that dosent mean the game is a hell of alot fun with fun characters fantasic dialogue just like the second borderlands and guess what your in spaceim gonna give it 7.9 out of ten
,Recommended,261640,16574370,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tsutton05,Amazing Game!!
,Recommended,261640,16578846,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rdemia,This game is pretty good and i really mean in but the problem is community because there is no community. Lack of players makes this game a little bad but that's all.    8/10
,Recommended,261640,16551348,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GR FooFighter,"Even with very little time on this game, I still find it amazing. I whole hartedly think that Borderlands 2 is a better purchase, BUT this game is still a great addition to the series and is a 100% purchase."
,Recommended,261640,16554697,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SheYi,"It's a short game compared with others borderlands games.The story is short also its only DLC. I think the DLCs in Borderlands 2 were bigger than the whole BD:TPS... What is a shame in my opinion.It's a good game thou but you should buy it on sale cause is not worthy the full price.If it's your first borderlands, get the BD 1 or 2 first before playing this one, it's cheaper and better."
76561198032231552,Recommended,261640,16556728,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,YCS/186,"More of the fun and crazy shenannigans from the previous installments of Borderlands as you play through Hansome Jack's rise to power. Had a blast playing this, co-op highly recommended."
76561197983308180,Not Recommended,261640,16557304,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,For Pony,"I'm writing this in an ""in-process"" manner, as I've only recently unlocked True Vault Hunter Mode on my first character. I found the game to be...well...not very good, to be frank. While the writing got better near the end, for most of the game I really didn't give a damn about what was going on. It didn't help that it's technically a narrated tale told by [Character Omitted] when I wasn't even playing as [pronoun]. At least in Dragon Age II, Varric was telling the story because he was actually freakin' there, you know?Since I didn't care about the story, I only had the gameplay to go on, and it was ultimately lacking. ""Same♥♥♥♥♥♥ different day"" for a lot of it, but now we don't even have the Eridium weapons I learned to enjoy in 2. Of course, this is a prequel to 2, so instead we get...lasers? Sure, they're cool and very handy, but come on. You're introducing a ""new"" weapon, and yet it suddenly vanished in the time between TPS and 2. Gimme a damn break.Like many have ranted about, the ""new mechanics"" of the game - ""Oz"" and low gravity - really didn't do much for the atmosphere. If anything, the jump mechanics were often frustrating and imprecise to control. Home run there. @_@ Another fun part was going through the same four or five zones over and over and over, because we all love doing that, after all. Yaaaaaawn.In general, the game is pretty damn boring and doesn't really bring anything new or fascinating to the franchise. If you want to know why Handsome Jack turned in to the villain, sure, it's Ok to watch a playthrough on YouTube. Unless you're a die-hard Borderlands fan with rosey glasses, however, steer away from playing it yourself. Stick to 2."
,Recommended,261640,16559112,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Flash,"I love how they succeed to make this game as good (even better) as borderlands 2.+ comedy+ weapons+ grinder+ Nel+ gravity+ freedom+ lootThis game really lives for the expectations and if you like funny♥♥♥♥♥♥ then this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥for you.10/all the claptraps i've killed, sorry Dan."
,Recommended,261640,17852100,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Nathan,"If your a fan of the series and want even more guns and a fun campaign, this game will be just what your looking for. Plenty of guns, interesting new mechanics, and great new classes. I highly recomend this game to anyone seeking a shooter with meat to it. You get a lot of playtime out of this without the DLC, but who am I kidding, you'll wanna get that anyways!"
,Recommended,261640,17864330,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Wall Crouton,"I'd say this one is actually my favourite Borderlands game. All the new editions (cryo, lasers, low gravity, etc.) all make it a more unique game compared to the other two. Although I will admit that the story felt a bit shorter than the others (maybe it isn't and I'm just imagining it), but it's still fun to replay with friends."
,Recommended,261640,12508439,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Shit Eating Grin Co.,"WARNING: This game has been abandoned. No more patches, no more DLC.This game was considered a failure, the company that made it (2K Aussieland) went bankrupt because of it, Gearbox has decided to let it die. Respect lost.The Vault Hunters: The default 4 are returning, not new. So while it's cool playing as that one boss in BL2, Jacks GF you killed in BL2, that badass socially awkward chick from BL1 and that.... mistake. There isn't anything new there. Jack's Doppelganger picked up a gun in search of Elpis' Vault for Jack, still not new, he was in BL2. He has Jacks voice but not his personality. So meh. And the Baroness, a new character! She is a fridged ♥♥♥♥♥ to go with her love of Cryo guns. She is kinda fun, I hate her. No-one except Athena really grabbed me. After trying them Nisha is not for me, Wilhelm is fun, Clappy is fun, and annoying. Jack is fun, don't like him. And Baroness is poopy. Thumbs.... up?New loot! Cryo guns, great fun! A welcome, and good, addition. Laser guns! Amazing... too good actually. Thumbs way upLocations: More of the same, moons do not have a lot of variety. Thumbs down.Story: Goes deeper into Jack, giving BL2 more depth. Plus it stands on its own. Gets boring on the 3rd-4th playthrough. Thumbs up.Legendaries: A lot returning. A lot. Most don't have a drop and have to be obtained via the grinder. Thumbs way down.Uniques: They are fun, different and decent. But some don't even drop.... Seriously... You gotta cheat them in. Thumbs up and down.NPCs: Some return from BL2 for side quests, Knoxx can be heard via some Echos, the new ones are forgettable (Except for Springs and Pickle). Thumbs downRaid Bosses: You mean the story mode end boss just more powerfull? A bit more powerfull? Thumbs down.All these thumbs down, but you recommend it? Yes, this game is super fun. I payed $60 for it and it was worth it just for the first playthrough. Look more into it to find out if this game is for you."
,Recommended,261640,17805946,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,eatsa_pizza,Played as Claptrap.Laughed as peasant friends actually had to worry abou Oz kits.10/10 best dialogue ever.
76561198028183842,Recommended,261640,17843504,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,cidian,"It's Borderlands2 with low gravity and lasers, lukewarm story and the backpack menu still feels like a console port. Nothing ground breaking, and probably not worth the price. Still I'm addicted to the BL style of gameplay, and if you are too, I would recommend it. Played only Athena with a lot of joy, not sure how the other characters are."
,Recommended,261640,17841890,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Lord Morning Star,"Yes, you must have this one too. And there is no better FPS out there that has the story to it."
,Not Recommended,261640,17903515,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BerserkRaider,compared to the BL2 this game was a let down i only enjoyed it playing as Wilhelm even then the story line is lacking and the its too gimckey.
76561197994874696,Recommended,261640,17871671,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,kb_zed,The right amount of funny and psychos.
76561197999170951,Not Recommended,261640,17912748,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hawkstone,"This is a good game if you are new to Borderlands. But I am not, as I have played Borderland 1 and 2. I finished this game a level 30 and  I feel empty as it was not a challenge. Now you can buy legendary weapons at the vendor machine. When you earned a legendary weapons in Borderlands 2 you could be proud. Now you farm/check every vending machines to see if one is on sale or gind for a legendary. To me this makes this game easy. Glich weapons are are the best weapons and that how I took down the final boss so quickly. I just do not feel there is a replay value in this game like in Borderlands 2 too.I will say this Borderlands 2 with it DLC is like a movie, long and hard. This version of Broderlands is like a TV show. Short and has laugh tracks to tell you when to laugh, so you do not have to put much effort into it."
76561198091957033,Recommended,261640,17330469,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,AbcdMudcrab,Great game would recommened getting it now while the sale is on!
76561198065080112,Recommended,261640,17331769,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FRe4k_SH0w,"best game ever! , a lot of comic blood and funny old moments, the graphics are amazing and the alien creatures are endless! and the stars on the space are incredible, worth that 60 bucks and even more !!"
,Not Recommended,261640,17332820,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pepe Silvia,It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fan-made mod for BL2
,Not Recommended,261640,17334413,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Urith,"Horrible reskin of BL2, pretty much a walking simulator."
76561197978173539,Not Recommended,261640,17334938,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lumpy,"The previous borderlands games were great. The pre sequel has been quite a let down for me. Numerous bugs on the same computer that handles BL2 with no issues (CTDs and black screens). The vehicle jumping is god-awful, I've died numerous times in a row trying to make a simple jump that I need to complete for a core mission. Jumps that would have been easy in BL1 or BL2 are practically impossible here despite the low gravity which doesn't seem to extend to vehicles. This aspect of the game is horrendously designed."
,Recommended,261640,17573231,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kretzge,"Not as great as the first two games, but a fun experience nonetheless."
76561198057192029,Recommended,261640,17576446,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Jumbuck,"I loved this game, I think it was great, a lot of unfair critiques comparing it to BL2. Just play it, have fun. :)"
,Recommended,261640,17550981,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Fuck The King,:^)
76561198041767910,Recommended,261640,17559085,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BUGGZY,"Honestly if this game didn't have such big shoes to fill, I think it would have been great as a stand alone title!"
76561198075473295,Recommended,261640,17560418,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Cubsuck,It's Borderlands in space.
76561198109231114,Recommended,261640,17583669,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ramaril,Same as all borderland sequel...Awesome!!!and very high replayabilityy..
,Recommended,261640,12836932,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Rad C,11/10 SPACE SLAM
76561198139166312,Not Recommended,261640,17676363,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,crazybee919,short story
76561198031360807,Recommended,261640,17798448,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Oops42 (thefakepaulyshore),I have to say that this game is surprisingly great. though I use surprising lightly for this is a Borderlands Game after all. I love the butt slamming and boost so freaking much. I tried playing the older games and actually found myself feeling frustrated that I had to move at such a slow rate without my large jumps and missed butt crushing enemies immediately.This game is super fun and entertaining but still its almost not as fun and funny story wise as the first two games but I still give it a solid two thumbs up. Go ahead buy this game and jump right in for I promise you wont be disappointed
76561198015636418,Not Recommended,261640,16786158,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,KnightOfZero,Gets old pretty quick when you already played BL1 and BL2 including story DLCs
76561198020971127,Recommended,261640,16801543,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sventorious,Everything you loved about the previous games with a few great twists on gameplay and mechanics.
76561198163918269,Recommended,261640,16802032,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sly,"Different, but really awesome. You should get the claptrap dlc"
76561198102919043,Recommended,261640,16802444,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,7MenFuckingACow,Its Borderlands.Nuff said.
,Not Recommended,261640,16565547,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Draken,"80% posittive reviews? This is overrated. The game is truly average-average with little attention to details. I would only grab it at a serious sale.It just doesn't feel right when playing. A lot of details are not well set or not well throught out.Where borderland move and shoot felt right, this feels a bit awkward with the low gravity, enemy movement (a lot of their animations are too fast such as the soldier's strafe and bug's jump), some annoying new enemy AI behaviors (AI taking cover for TOO LONG, forcing you to chase corners instead of having quick and satisfying dog fights), the size of some maps, and the slow slow SLOW spawning mechanics that makes you sit at a door and wait for enemies to spawn one by one.It takes a while before you get the right items (air speed and air control stuff) and ""the hang of it"" to make floating around fun and efficient.Where the previous borderland's progression felt natual, this one implements a system similar to dragon age 2, where enemies keep spawning as you fight and only as you fight. Meaning if you are fighting some insects, instead of walking into a group of 10 of them, you'll instead find 2, then 2, then 2, as you fight more appear out of thin air and makes you STAY LONGER in that area than necessary. Instead of fighting 10 and moving on, you have to wait for the others to slowly spawn, either that or get into the habit of running ahead without killing everything, in which case why bother playing at all? This causes another problem, when you kill something and move ahead, often enemies will spawn ALL AROUND YOU, even in angles you had secured... this really makes the game feel like a game (spawn scripts, annoying whack a mole mechanics) and kills immersion.In similar open spaces games I liked moving in to a bandit camp, sniping obvious targets from far then moving in to clean up with shotguns and SMGs... In this instalment this is impossible, closing in to a camp you will see no one, it is until you walk inside it that enemies start to spawn, and not all at the same time either. Again this kills any planning or tactics. You basicly just have to aim and firing faster... which is too simplistic a system for a game of this size.The story is not very well put together, you start right into the action and i really didn't feel like i was attached to the character or immersed. You just go shoot that, move that, search for that, and so on without understanding what is going on... Ok so they are shooting the moon, but why? And why do I hate my allies and sympathize with my ennemies so much? Feels like I am on the wrong camp, and there is absolutely ZERO decision making in this game. Again this hurts immersion in the story and the world events. I found the early story and fights boring (basicly soldiers are boring to fight, they spawn too slowly and take too much cover, dragging fights for no reason), only the last 20% is fun because you meet new enemies and fight challenging, epic bosses.The thing that bothered me THE MOST is that a lot, if not most of side quests require you to go back to the NPC for your reward when you finish the objective... making you walk a long while or even jump to other zones just to get your reward. A lot of times you have to go back to a mission board, and those are seriously ill placed... the one in jack's office in particular is horribly placed... go back to another area, jump, and walk a long way just to deliver a mission? Come on. Seriously, in 2014 do they really need to inflate game time with such gimmicks? It's just annoying and discouraging. I ended up abandoning side quests entirely and focusing on the main story at first because i could not be bothered to travel back and forth anymore. HELL you can't even see all your quest positions on the map at the same time!! meaning when you travel to an area, you can't optimise your route to do all the quests objectives that are nearby... you have to keep switching quests... very stupid way of doing things.But most of all, progression and the skill system is meh, very bland... i spent 10 minutes staring at the skill tree trying to choose which way i want to go, not because there were too many awesome skills and perks, but because everything felt weak and bland, choice in skills was about choosing what is least boring. 90% of skills are about doing more damage, shooting faster, healing faster, and they don't really change the tactical layer at all... you still just move in, shoot everything, and move on. There are so many games with interesting skill system that it is a shame they did not provide a deeper, more tactically-varied selection of skills. Some skill trees are entirely too tedious and will be skipped altogether... like the melee branch of the gunslinger / sheriff... huge open spaces, slow no gravity movement and jumps and you want me to chase enemies around to melee them? No thanks... Maybe if they had put some kind of teleport / power move / hook ability to close up to enemies, but again they don't seem to have thought deeply about the skill trees.This is not a bad game, but it ends up being way average instead of truly excelent. It's one of those titles where you play and keep thinking about all the possible improvements they could have done, mostly removing annoying and needlessly time consuming mechanics.Not a horrible game, just averagely good, and preferably something to grab on a sale. Only buy if you are a true fan of the series and need to play all / know all about it. Not recommended because at full price it is a drag, only grab it on a sale."
,Not Recommended,261640,16809131,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tranewreck,"this game is more boring than the first 2... of which borderlands 2 was more bearable thanks to the writing of jack's role and his arrogant and antagonistic personality.this game innovates in the worst ways, adding mechanics(02system) that hinder your enjoyment and progress...the first hours of the game are incredibly slow, and boring, the game picks up a bit after the first few hours, but its beginnings and the inability to skip any sequences or the relentless and unimaginative dialogue make it painfully horrid to restart another character, and finding out whether you like your class and its defining class skill takes a couple of hours depending on your speed... this game does everything it can to slow you down in a very contrived way... none of it is fun... save maybe the hover  bike/craft which i actually enjoy... if you've played the first 2 and want to try this thinking your going to get more of the EXACT same, with an aussie flavor and a very bogged down progression scheme ...this is your game!if you havent played any borderlands games, play borderlands 2, a much better entry"
76561198000608773,Recommended,261640,16747142,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"after aobut 40ish houers in game I finished playthouhgt 1 at 100% for the aminc ampain and DLCs thus far.its fun, and Ill give it credit for makeing leveling a bit less grindy then the second game (ended at level 37, nearly 38 on first runthouhgt with athena), and a bunch of stuff has been fixed.Id say its worth it, but on sale at lest."
76561197993210078,Recommended,261640,22694358,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Leadmagnet,"It's Borderlands 1.5! (With the General Knox armory DLC as 1.25); answers questions from the Original Borderlands (with the DLC's) and provides insight to Borderlands 2 from the perspective of a second-generation of vault hunters, who end up as HANDSOME JACK's friends.  Getting the feeling that Jack has two distinctive personalities... a rising hero and a meglomanic....and through the Pre-sequel, you get to see how this hero evolves into a villian......plus the origin of how Pandora is what it is in Borderlands 2. Hint:  ATLAS and DAHL....great low grav element (beats grenade jumping) and excellent voice work makes this a welcome addition to the franchise.  WELL DONE 2K!!"
76561198271431640,Not Recommended,261640,22576157,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Reiwan,"""DLC to Game"" Converter used on thisJust do not even try to click ""Add to Cart"" Button. This game has no diffrence between the last 2 Borderlands Games...Changes:* Added 6 new characters* Added new maps and new levels* Thats all..."
76561198131353471,Recommended,261640,22652577,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,dusty cheese,i jump everywhere in this game.
76561198045439787,Recommended,261640,30765298,Posted: 26 March,all,Typ3_One,Amazing
,Recommended,261640,22669199,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,丅什工匚匚 Creamy Italian,This game is very inducing and so worth the ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198178667322,Recommended,261640,22667486,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Imperio,<3
,Recommended,261640,22731471,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,bubberducky,"While it doesn't differ much from Borderlands 2, it's still a good game. The oxygen/gravity stuff is actually pretty cool, and the game in general is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,261640,22742440,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,purpleninja102,"so, my feelings on the game. 8/10 where the others were both basically 10/10 gamesIt was a good idea and all, but the mistake was that the people didn't know the full story and what to do with it, but my major complaint about the game is it's skill trees.almost every character has a skill tree to do with elements/multiplayer. let that sink in. some of the best weapons are non-elemental because they can't be resisted and then some people may want to play solo because this game was not exactly meant for multiplayer.i mean, sure the multiplayer was a cool thing to have and was encouraged, but the multiplayer is so spread out, and nobody really wants to play with others online because they want the loot and many have friends to talk about it with.So also, why i liked it and am currently re-playing it.If you let it off it's hype and look at it as an off-sourced developers rendition of a borderlands game then it was pretty good, all things considered. I really liked what they did with the grinder, and the laser weapons. what i didn't really like was that when the dlc came out, the glitch weapons weren't in any place in the grinder. but i can get over that because the grinder came before the dlc. Back to the laser weapons, i really liked what they did with making regular weapons into these type of pseudo-weapons to copy the bigger weapons.another unique thing i like about TPS is the skills. not the skill trees, but the skills. The skills this time were unique (except for aurelia's) There was a shield that absorbed damage, someone who spawned 2 robots to help them (ehhh), someone who had a basic aim-bot, and claptrap. there was also the jack clones but i think the dlc characters were both just kinda bad.TL:DR. bad skill trees, bad story, good lasers and grinder idea. unique main-4 skills."
,Not Recommended,261640,13978685,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Synonymous Toolbag,"Perhaps the most enjoyable action skills of any Borderlands iterations. Borderlands 1 content was a shortcoming before DLC, so I figured, since the core character gameplay is stellar, it'd be a terrific game, dependant on quality story DLC. Since I've bought every DLC in the pst 2 borderlands without buying the season pass, I thought I'd get ahead and buy the season pass. Big mistake. Due to high operating costs in Australia, 2k Australia closed, having released 2 DLC characters (granted VERY good character play), 1 battle area, which you got free for pre-ordering and in Borderlands 2 wasn't even considered in the season pass. I enjoyed the circle of slaughter (one of two non-DLC/core battle arenas present in both previous iterations) more than I enjoyed the Shock dome or whatever it's called. I cannot stress how miniscule this ""DLC"" was. So, in addition to 2 characters, and 1 battle area (if you can call it that), they released the first and only story DLC, Claptrap Voyage or something. Claptrap Voyage wasn't bad, but it wasn't especially good and it didn't add much. 2k is content considering these 4 DLC (2 character, 1 battle, 1 story) as satisfying the season pass contract. WTF!!! First of all, it says, 4 DLC's for the price of 3 RIGHT IN THE DESCRIPTION and you get 1 DLC for the price of 3 (the character DLC in BL2, (There weren't any in the first) were included in the season pass, but not included in the 4 DLC count. Also, the Slaughterdome, or whatever the pre-release battle area was in BL2, was included in the season pass, but not included in the 4 DLC count.) If one buys them individually, that statement of ""4 for the price of 3"" is simply not accurate. The problem with the Borderlands 1 story was it was practically non-existent. It was really fun to play, but it was incredibly short and lacked story depth. If this was the problem with TPS, I'd recommend it, because the classes are so good. But, that's just it: the problem with TPS' story isn't so much that it's not enough- it's ACTUALLY painful to play. I'd rather play a super mario water level or a babysitting mission than this filth. It sickens me.BOTTOM LINE: It had sooo much potential because of the wonderful action skills, but without tolerable gameplay, it's a mediocre game that I can't play for more than an hour without literally feeling sick. The story isn't ""not good"" (or neutral), it's actually BAD and unpleasant."
76561197976640744,Recommended,261640,22543379,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,The Admiral,"It can be argued that this isn't the strongest title in the Borderlands series and the lack of DLC expansions (Only 1 proper DLC campaign, an arena and 2 new classes) were a bit disappointing, but if you love the style and story of previous Borderlands games then I recommend giving this a go, especially if it's on sale. It's still got that Borderlands style of humour and I really enjoyed witnessing the story of Handsome Jack's rise and fall.I'd recommend the main game to anyone but I'd hold out on the season pass unless it's on sale."
,Recommended,261640,22542054,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,DBG | Khepri,"I honestly wish there was a ""Neutral"" option on the recommend for Steam, as this game falls into that for me, not the best, not the worst.Being a fan of Borderlands (owning all the games and most of the DLC's) I was quite hyped to play Pre-Sequel, expecting more of the great times I had while playing BL1&2, however, I honestly struggled to enjoy the game at first, being on the moon, the story not pulling me in (well, not straight away) and I finding the default four characters to be boring, and  having no friends who wanted to play the game, made me walk away from the game for a long time.However, After a long time without paying attention to the game, and during a steam sale, I saw the ""Handsome Jack"" DLC, which being a fan of him, I paid and tried again, now having a character who intrested me and had a decent skill tree (for me) made the game playable, and once you actually get a little ways into it, it does become enjoyable and the story picks up (tho the end boss to me just felt...kinda weird and out of place for some reason).Without going on too long as I have a habit to do, I'd say this game is fun, enjoyable and still has enough of a Borderlands feel to it,  but suffers from the whole ""moon gameplay WOO!"" vibe,  being away from Pandora and the characters we know and love hurt the game in my opinion (and the new characters bore me SO much, wanted to tell Springs to bugger off many a time), the story does give me enough insight into Jack to be enjoyable and kept me from not recommending the game. (I always feel though that if a game NEEDS a DLC to make me enjoy it, its not doing good enough in the first place.)Overall I'd say if you really love Borderlands or don't mind it being a little less intresting than the other parts of the series, grab it and have some fun,  getting the DLC's helps improve the game IMO, but I'd only recommend this game when its at least 50% off, not worth the full price.(Ratings wise, I'd give it a 6/10 for the base game and  a 7.5/10 with DLC's added)"
76561198107369098,Recommended,261640,20901072,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Hellsing70,"The storyline is a bit brutal, but the gameplay has never been better."
,Not Recommended,261640,20905013,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Lieutenant_Pats,"Fantastic idea. Horribly executed. I am barely into the game and i already have to google certain quests. ""you'll definitely need the shield to get in there"" There is no waypoint. No shield. Kinda peeved. i still love the borderlands game. but i cant recommend buying it at full price."
,Not Recommended,261640,20899838,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,JimDiggity,"As the sequel to my bread and butter game...I was quite let down. BL2 is a legendary timeless game, and 2K Australia had quite the role to fill. Unfortunately they didn't make it, and I think Gearboxes mistake was handing this game off to people who didn't know the history and fan expectation created from BL2. I played the main storyline and the 1 dlc (cuz it was the only one with a storyline, everything else was underwhelming characters). Quite underwhelming. BL has been known to be tedious but not THAT tedious. The game dragged out with side quests appearing more as progress slowers then expanders of the main storyline.The game was also short in comparison. BL2 took 40hrs main question, this game was around 20.I'm worried about the future of this game, BL3 if it comes is looking grim."
,Not Recommended,261640,20126832,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Fresh Prince,"Borderlands 2 was the first ""real"" PC game I played. The first story-based one that could be sort of considered AAA, anyway. Playing it on my Mac with integrated graphics, I only got 25 fps on a great day. But I played it and loved it, especially when playing it with my friends. Unfortunately, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel doesn't give me that same feeling I got from Borderlands 2. I couldn't even be bothered to get through it properly, because I didn't find enough to get me hooked.The antagonist is terrible. Jack in Borderlands 2 was awesome, and he had a character to him that was really interesting. Zarpedon, however, just seems far too forced. Like ""Oh, she's trying to blow up this moon, ♥♥♥♥ her, right?"" Jack was funny, interesting, and a great character, but Zarpedon? Nah.O2 doesn't do enough. Many people liked this feature, but I felt it didn't really add enough to the gameplay, and what it does just takes away from the rest of the game. The butt slam, for example, just feels a little overpowered, and makes gunplay less viable. O2 allows you to boost as well, but the only time this is useful is to butt slam or do some unnecessary forced platforming. Also, it's way too easy to get. The game warns you about running out of oxygen and suffocating, but since almost every enemy drops a refill for your O2, it seems like the suffocating is an arbitrary feature that just irritates you at inconvenient times.The characters are less... character-y. In Borderlands 2, every character had a unique personality and playing with them felt personal and fun, but TPS's characters are boring to me. The ones worth playing for their personality would be Jack and Auralia, and they're both DLCS you pay for.Speaking of money, this game is horribly overpriced. It's way easier and shorter than Borderlands 2, except for the end where the difficulty rises incredibly quickly. But other than that, the whole game isn't worth the price. Borderlands 2 costs less and gives you more.However, it isn't all bad. The story is interesting, and provided some nice information into the lore of Borderlands, particularly into the past of Handsome Jack and some of the original Vault Hunters. Also, anti-gravity can be fun to play around with, and I like the verticality it adds to levels. Player Characters speaking is cool too.TL;DR Poor characters, especially the antagonist, not enough new gameplay features, overpriced for the shorter story (20 - 25 hours compared to Borderlands 2 60+ hours).Conclusion: If you are a serious die-hard Borderlands fan, I recommend giving this game a shot. But if not, only buy it on sale; it certainly is not worth full price. Standing alone, this is not a bad game, but Borderlands 2 set the bar high, and apparently 2k Australia couldn't make the jump."
,Not Recommended,261640,20878297,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Fulvic,why is this even a thing?
,Recommended,261640,20888405,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Sacrificial-Entity,The best part of this game is really Jack's Butt.He has a nice butt.
,Recommended,261640,20903969,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Rhino,What dank memes...
76561198131697170,Recommended,261640,20904491,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,temwolfe,"A little short, but a solid extension of the Borderlands universe!"
76561198063586426,Recommended,261640,20863683,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Pre,10/10 would accidentally drive into a lava filled canyon 40 times again
,Recommended,261640,19075652,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,flop,YES australian star wars
76561197971043633,Recommended,261640,20937538,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Original Mr B,"As a big fan of the first two Borderlands games I thought the game started out weak, wasn't too into it for the first few hours. Was almost gonna stop playing it, but it really started to pick up after those first few hours. Couldn't stop playing until I finished. Would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,261640,20935640,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Anxious,I enjoyed my time playing this game. Thought this game was nowhere near as good as Borderlands 2 I would recommend it to people who love the other games and just want a bit more content.
,Recommended,261640,20935893,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,brian.sherlock,It is like Borderlands 2 (And you know you love that) but it has LASERS!Oh and 15 hours in I am really enjoying the story :)
,Recommended,261640,30698810,Posted: 23 March,all,Space Cowboy,"Loved it, a great addition to the Borderlands saga."
76561198014642660,Recommended,261640,21093401,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JEDC | RubberBand Man,Definitely Borderlands.
,Recommended,261640,21112671,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GuacIsExtra,"This is classic Bordelands material, smooth, pretty, and kick♥♥♥♥♥ I love it, and I havent even beaten it yet."
,Recommended,261640,21098481,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Heezch,Fun
,Recommended,261640,21090777,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,????,"It's Australia... IN SPACE!!!!seriously though get it on sale, but not full price"
76561197993353101,Recommended,261640,20929077,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Caligula,Fantastic game. I enjoyed every second of it just like BL2. I'm glad I avoided the annoying oxygen mechanism by picking fragtrap.
76561198144607944,Recommended,261640,20932827,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DeathbyaSalesman,Not quite as good as Border 2.  Not bad though.
,Recommended,261640,20918305,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,THF.LAN,I WANT DLCsI LIKE D GAMEBUT WANTDLCs
,Recommended,261640,20920294,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ঝStormড়,1) bought the game2) made claptrap character3) clap trap could kill people11/0 more games should be on mac
76561198120778338,Recommended,261640,20917416,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[1stAAD] 𝕶𝖆𝖗𝖑,Wub Wub boom boom.
76561198118752759,Recommended,261640,20914518,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Smile,"I enjoyed this game as much as bl2, but unlike bl2, the pre-sequel gets boring after a few playthroughs (not enough and boring raid bosses!!!)"
76561198025739451,Recommended,261640,20972301,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Frustration,"This game is amazing. It is much better and more exciting second part. Also, there are more opportunities. Play Jack's team is really interesting. I think that this game is worth the money.I look forward to an equally perfect sequel."
,Recommended,261640,20961586,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Raeana,"I have nothing negative to say about any of the Borderlands games. I have thoroughly enjoyed every game in the trilogy, and never regretted spending time playing any of them. :)"
76561198137094119,Recommended,261640,20967483,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,timmythegeek,"Not bad adding the low gravity, air supply and other things to worry about. The only thing that worries me is the amount of times I have died...I think more time then the national debt,,,rating 1000/10"
,Recommended,261640,20966939,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Riaktion,"I was so ready to write a fully positive review on this but...  the last part of the game left a bit of a sour aftertaste which is a shame.So firstly, I really enjoyed the game until the end. It reminded me of everything I liked about the Borderlands series, the humour, the elemental weapons, the lovely graphics and the lite tactics you need to employ such as choosing what weapon to use in what situation, for example using acid weapons against armoured enemies or launching into the air via the new low gravity we have in this version and then but slamming down to blast bad guys away, great fun!However it also reminded of the things I dislike about Borderlands...  the endless Inventory juggling, swapping out one weapon for another all the time in a UI that is clearly designed for a controller, struggling with it usually mid fire fight but more than anything at all the worst crime this game commits is need to grind and it is this mechanic which stopped me playing.Now to be clear, grinding is one of *my* big turn offs in a game, for me if you have a level up structure to your game and clear main line of quests that are linked by narrative, then they should be designed in a way that ensures the player gets all the experience they need to be the right(ish) level for the relevant story mission. I feel like I should only be asked to grind for levels if I want to complete side missions or challenges that demands that commitment. Borderlands the Pre Sequel seems to get this right for most of the game.... kind of.... but when I hit the final hours of the adventure that went out of sync.I am literally at the end of the game, the last level, but I just cannot be bothered grinding levels to be strong enough to finish it, grinding is tedious and not fun at all in my opinion, it always feels like a waste of my finite free time and a huge turn off in a game.So I just though.. forget it.... and watched the ending cinematic on YouTube and I'm done. If there was no grinding involved I'm probably an hour from finishing the game, which I know is ridiculous to give up now but I wasn't having fun anymore and being asked to repeat previous levels and zones to get my character to the level it needed to be was a chore I didn't want to undertake.It is a good game, let me make that clear, but if I haven't got my point across already, being asked to grind and repeat content wasn't doing it for me.. and this led to the fact I wasn't enjoying it anymore so there we are. Maybe you don't mind that or maybe you enjoy that, if so... then you'll probably get more out if it than I did.20 hours of fun, with about 4 boring crappy one's at the end before I gave up. The game is what it is, but I bounced off one of it's key mechanics and just something for you to consider before hitting buy."
,Recommended,261640,20840701,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Hyfiee,"Borderlands: The Extended DL-CquelIts shorter than the first two games, but i forgot about that when i realized there was a racist hot dog, a birthday cat,and butt slamsbuy or you will not witness the power of the butt slam"
76561198140396994,Not Recommended,261640,14151978,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jrock,♥♥♥♥ing awful! completed all the side missions in 70hours crap
76561198002523657,Not Recommended,261640,14153069,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Science Teacher,"Misses the mark. Essentially a DLC masquarading as new content, the groove isn't even really BLands. What made Borderlands special was the western waste...the idea of a frontier town with modern weapons on a weird planet (think Firefly, the short-lived sci-fi series from more than a decade ago). Gone is the western frontier motif (it doesn't really work on an airless moon even if everyone sounds like they are from Australia). What you have is a comic-book feel with more guns. The sterility of the moon makes sandbox play unenjoyable for me and I can't even really tell you why....it just seems like work. There are moments in games when the virtual scenery can take your breath away. In Borderlands (the original) it was watching sundown from a high perch overlooking fyrestone. This game just didn't have any such moments."
76561198063962578,Not Recommended,261640,14154952,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hazard,dis gaem meh
,Not Recommended,261640,14154964,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SpongeHead,this game is literal♥♥♥♥♥♥ 4/20 IGN
,Recommended,261640,14155398,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pabs,+Aussie's on the moon+Moxxi...+TTT+Lazor+Robots n Chicks
,Recommended,261640,14135441,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zero,"How ever it is not as good as far cry 4 or the last boarder lands it is still worth trying, Since it brings a new feeling to the game."
76561198042125333,Recommended,261640,14136176,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Bwaar,Its borderlands what it lacks from the other games it makes up for it in lazers :D
,Recommended,261640,14140306,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,narkius,"You gotta get ya meathunks on this one, bro! I was sceptic about the low gravity bouncing-around-business, but it's actually great fun.  In BL2, things seemed to get harder in coop, but in BL:TPS scuffles become much easier. If you liked the predecessors, you will like this one, it's the same great loot'n'shoot.I got the season pass now and you can play Jack's doppleganger whose Digi-Jacks are just awesome. Looking forward to DLCs to come!"
,Recommended,261640,14126806,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Radagast,"Very fun game i just had to point this out. Just Good PC games said ""its borderlands in space"" its borderlands on a moon. The planet Pandora and the moon Elpis are equally in space. Therefor borderlands 1 and 2 are borderlands in space. How do you become a reviewer when you say stupid things?"
,Not Recommended,261640,14131832,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,C4ptnCrunch,Gearbox is a money milking company that doesn't care about its consumers and supporters.  They completely missed the ball on this game and ruined the Borderlands franchise.  Everything that was great about Borderlands 1 and 2 is missing in this game.  This game has been nothing but a disappointment to me. They still have not followed through with all the DLC's that were supposed to come with the GOTY edition.My recommendation for anyone thinking of buying this game.... save $60 and play Borderlands 1 or 2.
,Not Recommended,261640,14133959,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,tube,"Honestly, I think this game was one of the biggest disappointments I've ever faced in the gaming world. I was so excited for the new BL game to come out, I didn't think that Gearbox would let it just die like it did.Pros:-I really liked the new gravity and oxygen dynamics, they made combat more interesting for a little bit.-Talkative characters. Having the correspondence between the Vault Hunters and the environment was a nice change, and you could see in BL2 that they were trying to make this more of a reality in Tiny Tina's DLC with the Vault Hunters having small moments where they responded to the narration.-Good story, playing as the bad guys helped to further the whole ""moral gray area"" idea that BL presents.Cons:-The gravity dynamic was fun at first, but got old in the further levels of the game. As well, it was unpredictable and inconsistent, and caused a lot of unnecessary death in trying to explore or while driving.-That thing where they arbitrarily shove as much social justice into the game as possible and expect it to be okay. (ie. too many homosexuals, killing people for being intolerant, extreme bias, making jabs at the player, etc.) I could understand a subtle prod here and there, but all out revealing that you're nothing more than tumblristas in a half-done game seems like a dangerous move when no one is excited for any other developments you have on the horizon.-Too short. It was about half as long as BL2, and shorter than BL1 by a long shot, so I barely even had time to get engaged with the story. Also, releasing a short game isn't always a big deal, but when it's a game where most players expect to be buying DLC hot off the market, the game should be longer than a DLC itself. I'm glad that I only spent $30 on this during a sale rather than the whole 60. I would rather have bought it as a DLC for 2, and paid the same amount.-Not really worth the time. Yes, it works as a nice segue into Borderlands 3, but besides that, it was tedious. Traversing the moon was fun, but then you discover it's barely big enough to actually call exploring. And, above that, I had no motivation to replay the game because I just didn't care enough. I won't be buying the level cap increase, as there's not even enough to do in the game to get to level 61. And even if I did get to that level, I wouldn't want to play an empty game with no farmable bosses and hardly any loot.-Boring enemies. All the enemies are the same, and all the creatures are annoying.-Australian accents are not that funny, nor is their lingo, it got played out very quickly.-The whole story is supposed to revolve around Athena's retelling of it to the original Vaulters, but I played as Wilhelm, so it was a let down to feel like my character isn't even involved in the cut scene after the final boss is killed, or in most of the actual story besides his little conversations with Jack.-Plot holes. Why even make Felicity able to talk? She was worthless to the story, could have just used any old AI rather than present it as an important character, then drop it from the game entirely.There's no way to fix this game without completely redoing the story and making it longer, less SJW, and maybe using some diversity, so there's no way to fix it. I don't want to wait till BL3 comes out to care about this franchise again, so maybe there should be some free DLC released, or make the DLC's that inevitably come out last 15 hours each.Overall, 6/10"
,Recommended,261640,13400351,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Jvs,"This game is for those that actually cared about the story of Borderlands ( excluding 2's cringeworthy stuff and 1's non-existant story in the first place ), but in reality just want to shoot more people in the face with randomly generated guns.You can look at this game like Half Life: Blue Shift and Opposing Force, they're an expansion of the main game that then will later considered ""canon"" lore wise ( except this one is made by 2k australia instead of gearbox itself ).Game could've been longer, but the DLCs aren't out yet, so there's gonna be more stuff to do in the future."
,Recommended,261640,13402896,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Chatmak,"If you like Borderlands, you'll probably like this too. If you don't, it probably won't change your mind. It follows the series pattern of taking the previous game and improving it slightly, thought to a lesser extent than Borderlands 2 improved on the original.The main criticism I have of the game is that most of its areas look the same. This is the same problem the original game did - until the end of the game almost every area looked like an arid desert. In this case, almost every area looks either like a snowy tundra, or a modernized space station. It lacks the variety in environments that Borderlands 2 had, and this hurts the gameplay because it can get a little repetitive doing the same thing in a place that looks the same over and over again.The gampelay however remains just as solid as ever, and the winning Borderlands formula is further improved here, if only slightly. The maps are more vast, but transport has also been made much easier. Due to the low gravity jumps are huge, but you need only press CTRL to quickly return to the ground, or hold it down to slam down, dealing damage to nearby enemies, which is very fun.There is now an Oxygen system whereby if you're in an environment without an atmosphere (i.e. most outdoor places), you will run out of oxygen and start to lose health. However, this doesn't really play a huge part considering that there are oxygen holes in the ground everywhere for you to replenish it. The environment you're in (atmosphere or no atmosphere) also changes the way some elemental effects work, such as fire, but I haven't had enough experience to confirm exactly what these effects are. You can buy, loot and equip different Oz kits which affect how much Oxygen your character has, as well as the damage dealt and the elemental effect of your powerful slams, which adds another layer to the already impressive customization in the game.In other areas, the game is largely identical to Borderlands 2. The quest log, inventory, badass rank system and skill points are the same. The skills are slightly more interesting than its predecessor's, as there are more active ones and less passive ones. For example, Athena has a skill which causes enemies to bleed when meleed, dealing damage over time, and Nisha can double wield pistols whenever she's holding one. In addition, there are even less skills which require 5 points invested in them to complete, making it easier to reach the skill tree's capstone and allowing you to potentially specialize in two of the three skill trees with any given character.One area where the Pre Sequel trumps its predecessors is storyline. This has by far the best storyline of any Borderlands game, and while you definitely don't need to have played previous games to enjoy this one, you'll definitely enjoy the story more if you have. It offers important information for the future of the series, further insight into its background, as well as frequently nodding to things that have happened in Borderlands 1 and 2. With it being set between 1 and 2, you can expect plenty of 'ohhh I see' moments, and the story as a whole is coherent and interesting.Unfortunately, as with previous Borderlands games, you're punished for completing an excessive amount of side quests, as you'll be overlevelled and the main story quest will become too easy, which is not ideal. However, the scaling is slightly better and this isn't as much of an issue as in Borderlands 2, although it still annoys me that to complete all the content the game has to offer me at the same time as experiencing an appropriate amount of difficulty I have to play the game twice.Still, I like The Pre Sequel. I'm a huge fan of the Borderlands formula and it goes without saying that this is more fun with friends. The characters this time are really interesting, their action skills are unique, and the story is top notch, which makes this worth playing for any Borderlands fan. And although you can't run away from the fact that this is very similar to Borderlands 2, this is a suitable addition to the franchise, and it changes just enough to keep my attention until Borderlands 3 comes out."
76561197998747342,Recommended,261640,13402989,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Azraiel,"This is a complete, high-quality standalone expansion that hearkens back to the days before DLC, when a new content pack meant quite a bit more of *everything* was coming. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is everything great about Borderlands 2, with some extra awesome squeezed in on the side.Also: WICKED AWESOME LASERS, MATE."
,Recommended,261640,13404177,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Thetate,"I'll start by saying I do recommend this game. But, this game is a huge disappointment from the last one. On its own this game is great, with funny writing, a decent story, and lovable characters. But compared to BL2 this game is a massive step backwards. That game was near perfection as everything (minus the stalker enemies) was fun and polished. This game failed to live up to every aspect of the last.The story of this one felt short and inconsequential and had no emotion at allThe active characters felt uninspired and kinda dull (and I played claptrap and athena, the two most unique)The NCP allies felt ehhhh... (Pickle is the only that I remember and even he was just okay)The Main Antagonist was like a cardboard cutout with no soul and almost no interaction with the storyThe Boss fights were few and far between and so dull compared to BL2And the worst part of the game is that they took the AMAZING UNIQUE Enemies of BL2 and REMOVED THEM!!!BL2 had a very diverse set of enemies that acted different and were fun. BLPS has effectively 7 enemies. Big guy, small guy, ground animal, flying animal, angry Russian doll, the cool end baddies you fight for 5 minutes, and balloon. That's right, the biggest newest enemy is the Balloon (but the Russian doll is cool). They took out the Badass Psycho's that did crazy damage and removed him. They took the goliaths and their funny helmet thing and removed them. They took the constructors and removed them. They took the marauders and their midgets and removed them.All in all, this game is fun, more so with friends. But it is still a disappointment."
76561198149881135,Recommended,261640,13404502,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,stricky99,just great!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197967582227,Recommended,261640,13404674,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,lattejake,I don't understand all the hate for this game. My wife and I love playing together. I think its pretty fun and makes me laugh quite frequently.
76561198053417318,Recommended,261640,13404840,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,spicedh4m,"As a long time fan of the BL franchise, loving this more tongue in cheek edition. Low gravity is a nice touch, makes for a slightly more tactical play. I'm still hoping we get to ransack New Haven and Old Haven, to do the whole lore thing, or see Brick take out the Hyperion informant. Also missing the Dahlminator gun."
76561198154076857,Recommended,261640,13405623,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,NixZoir,
,Recommended,261640,13405791,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Styru Crash,My friend stole and stingray and accidentally drove off a clidd.10/10
,Recommended,261640,14396913,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mekazaurus,Borderlands 2 with new classes and better writing. I did not enjoy the world as much as Borderlands 2 however. I would put this on par with Borderlands 2. If you have grown tired of B2 then leave this game alone. If you haven't played Borderlands before - or are just wanting more then pick this one up.
76561198032852082,Recommended,261640,14403733,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,KlinkEastwood,Great game.
,Recommended,261640,14357568,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jermurzu,"People generally don't seem to like this game. Neither did I at the start, but at the end this became my new favourite Borderlands game. Hands down.It does feel more like an expansion to BL2, but then again, BL2 didn't introduce that much new stuff.Would recommend to anyone out there, a gem you shouldn't miss!Just for the record, the correct order to play these is BL -> BL2 -> BL:PSYou get bonuses like badass rank if you've played BL2 before. The bonuses you get ONLY when you first launch this game, so starting this and then deciding to play BL2 first won't work.The story is also told from AFTER the happenings of BL2.The environment is pretty decent, low gravity works well. Oxygen (or O2) seems like a fun challenge to the game, but that ends when you realize every single enemy drops a +25% oxygen bottle. And there's fountains of the stuff all over the place.Moonstones, replacements of Eridium, have a MUCH higher drop/loot rate, almost every badass you meet carries some. You can easily get 30+ of them from clearing a single bandit area.A lot of important bosses completely lack weakspots, pay 10€ for a DLC sniper & then don't even get to snipe, horray!Story is fantastic, even if it's just a filler it washes BL and BL2.There isn't too much to do after slaying your ultimate adversary, besides from a raid boss and true vault hunter mode.Guns, guns, guns, guns!A lot of skins exported from BL2, but storywise it makes sense. Storywise they were actually imported from P-S to BL2. So yeah.You can have cursing guns but not a sniper that airhorns when you noscope someone, it's BS.Sniper rifles lack the normal critical hit bonus, almost every rifle in BL/BL2 had a +100%< critical damage bonus. In my Aurelia gameplay I only found TWO sniper rifles that have that, and they were INSANE buffs.DLC-rites of your average Borderlands game are already starting, for an example, a SNIPER, yeah, you know like the Mordecai and the Zer0 lads? People like 'em cost money in this game! DLCs are getting negative ratings already, hoping that sends Gearbox/2Kaus a message but I doubt it, there's gonna be another 30 reskins costing 1€ each and 5 small extra DLC areas costing 10€ each.Characters:This time instead of adding your nice Sniper man who everyone loves(Mordecai, Zer0), they added the ♥♥♥♥ing claptrap. There IS NO ♥♥♥♥ING SNIPER. REALLY GEARBOX??UPDATE:There is a sniper. It is A DLC CLASS COSTING 10 BUCKS. GEARBOX. OR 2KAUS. PLS.In BL/BL2 I liked the skill trees because they were simple. This one is for your snipin' rifle needs, all your sniper buffs you want! This one is for you action skill! This third one is a pretty random collab of skills that you only really invest in when your chosen tree runs out that seem useless but turn out to be quite useful(or the opposite way)In Pre-Sequel, for the skill trees, they made one branch for class specific random upgrades that don't really make too much sense, another for your action skill and a third one is often a specific one for  certain playstyles that are really underpowered. I guess that might work. Then some genius clicked on a ""shuffle"" button and they're all over the place it's just painful.YOUcan't explain that. The solidest skill tree branch I've seen is on theDLCSNIPER. And even that branch goes against itself with I Never Miss & Wait For ItIf you want to see an absolute mess of a skill tree look up the Handsome Jack Doppleganger one.AthenaGladiator with a shield (active skill)I grew quite fond of, able to tank all damage in around a 120 degree radius, then return it.  skill trees include such stuff as: Increased melee powers, who cares about the rest she's a gladiator lad.NishaThe ""Gunslinger"" of your 1.5 game! Her active skill is AIMBOT essentially, with increased bullet speed, reload speed, damage, and firing speed. It also absolutely ♥♥♥♥s up your screen so you can't see what your shooting at. I guess that's why they added aimbot. Legit. The aimbot isn't even aiming for heads, so I wish there would be an option to disable the auto-aim and increase the length of your active skill in return, at least the players' skill matters a bit.She has a ""Riflewoman"" skill tree, which I though would be the sniper way.Instead it upgrades things like firing speed and hip fire.You might feel violated coz ur gonna end up as Jack's GF. Ya got no choice in the matter.The DLC sniper woman with a stupid♥♥♥♥♥nameHer active skill is simply fantastic, throwing a Cryo shard that targets an enemy, damaging him and all around him. Fantastic for clearing crowds of low-health enemies(which truly would be a problem for a sniper), freezing badasses or even bosses for easier sniper shots, and generally being a distraction. Changes targets randomly, so it can highlight an order to slay your current adversaries in.There's even a skill tree branch for better Cryo abilities, so this lady is the Cryo class which is great.Extra Cryo damage items (such as an O2 kit I found that increases freeze chance by +20%) are fantastic buffs for your shard.The Cryo shard is absurdingly similiar to Deathtrap from BL2, which makes no sense.Her actual ""sniping"" skill tree is heavily skill based, for an example you get +1 bullet in your magazine(1 bullet out of NOWHERE, it doesn't come from your ammo reserve) when you crit kill someone. ""I Never Miss"" skill is ridicilous, +0.7%-+3.5% extra Sniper rifle crit damage everytime you HIT an enemy with a sniper(double the bonus if you crit hit), and the combo goes up to 999 and only stops when you miss a sniper rifle shot. I myself am a very good sniper(honkedi-own-horn), and got a record of 140. But after around 35 it really stops mattering, you instakill anything with a crit. Note that you can still use other weapons and it will not deplete over time. Another skill increases your weapon damage if you MISS with a sniper rifle??? I like skill-based things in games, but this is too far.I know complaining about the sniper being skill-based is rather stupid, but yoloeth, right?TL;DR Story is fantastic, Environment is nice if not rather empty, Oxygen would seem nice but it isn't a challenge at all, character personalities are nice, skill trees are pretty much a mess. It may not seem like much but it's my GOTY of 2010 -> so far."
76561198082355352,Recommended,261640,14427756,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,scp1995,"If you played any of the others, buy this. Now."
,Recommended,261640,14430174,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,George W. Kush,Fun game
,Recommended,261640,14433087,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,GundamGamerX,"Bit of a down-grade from the 2nd one, but hey, it's not easy trying to recreate great games, good job on BLTPS 2K 'n' Gearbox"
76561198078719467,Recommended,261640,14420653,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,bANG,Great game so far!
76561198040806016,Recommended,261640,14424865,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,kennywd,"I highly recommend all of the Borderlands games; I have thoroughly enjoyed them all. Next to Fallout New Vegas, these have been my favorites. Humor, shooting, and some brain work required. I am not a skilled gamer like many here, but for the average gamer like me, I think you will easily be entertained. I have played through them all now (solo), except the DLC for Pre-Sequel, which seems to unilaterally get bad ratings. I would like to try my hand at team play with anyone who is interested. Only interested in playing with people that don’t take it too serious, it’s a game.kennywd@yahoo.com"
,Recommended,261640,14425423,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,etHANsolo,Great Game
76561198036959473,Recommended,261640,14426553,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Romulux67,luv the game
,Recommended,261640,14440564,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Bonerz`,"""I've got lots of menopause"""
76561198065855763,Not Recommended,261640,14443769,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Black Baron,"TL;DR Save your money and buy bl1+bl2 you will have much more fun and it won't be that shortMy borderlands 2 reviev was praiseing the game in the best way possible.I'm really dissapointed from this one. I wish i could recommend it.Sadly there are so many flaws that ruin the gameing experience for me.Charakters/storyOverall note: it's from 2K australia, seems to be the main reason that pandora's moon resembles asutralia. Up high down under.This time around you are playing a party of villans fleeing from the Helios defense  station, trying to regain controll of the moon laser from a Dahl soldier commander.You are under the command of John aka  handsome jack wich happens to be working there. The avialable ""vaulthunters"" are Athena wich is actually the only one wich ( in my opinion) seems not to be recylcled. Then there is ""aimbot"" Nisha aka the sheriff of lynchwood.I understand that the game devs don't really have a high opinion of us gamers, but giveing a vaulthunter a legitimate functioning aimbot (it's duration can be extended as long as you kill your foes) is downright insulting for me. She might be like salvador ( as in my bl2 review already mentioned) not to scare of new players to the franchise. Also haveing one or more players in the party playing Nisha is takeing the fun out of it. besides getting your effects/ abilities going sicne some need a killed enemy count or critical hit count.Also Wilhelm is just a mashup of uninterssting skills with 2 support drones wolf and saint. He's usieng a simial fight for your life alternation as krieg but dumbed down to spamm sparks as you walk to make it easier to get a second wind.oh boy Claptrap , if you can stand to play him longer than a few hours then you might be able to unlock more randomiser skills and just more recycled ones. He's useing the kill skills of all previous Vaulthunters in one called vaulthunter.exe.Upon activation you get one of 2 usefull ones and the others where he is just plain useless or annoying.Those  can be debuffs too , so have fun ruining anyone's day with debuffing/ or giveing rubberduckies to anyone who  happens to be close to an abyss. The warning at the Vaulthunter selection is there for a reason. Not only for a joke.The handsome jack Doppelganger seems to be partially original, the idea of Jack mindset. You can spawn 2 holojacks wich ( when skilled correctly) will die for you and grant you a second wind . but also fight for you and buff you if they are dead or allive depending on your skills. Otherwise he's boring to play just another spawn supporter X drone charakter.I'm really sorry to say that but as much as i was praiseing Anthony burch's storytelling skills in BL2 ( in my review),as much i have to say I'm really dissapointed from this one. One cliché after another and none of that witty clever humour.SummaryRed dead redemption undead nightmareYakuza dead soulsBorderlands the presequelall seem to fall into the the same stand alone categorychargeing a full price for a standalone dlc is not what you should do as a respective game company.The gravity ""gimmick"" became annoying after a while. stomping is rarely an option to begin or end a fight.Oz kits become obsolete for claptrap fast since the effects with flying and chargeing are not takeing so much O2.The secondary abilities of them are rarely usefull, besides one legendary (on higher levels) wich narrows the ability to choose from any gear( wich made bl1&2 so great)this is just Bl2 with low gravity less weapons and less interessting Vaulthunters.I can't recommend it at all. It'S rideing cliché like an australian on a kangaroo throwing with Koalas and Jarate"
,Recommended,261640,14444814,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Althie,Not as enthralling and entertaining as borderlands 2 but still good fun.
,Not Recommended,261640,14486379,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CylonInALabcoat,"Buggy, sound constantly dropping out. When I eventually fixed it, I get loaded into a room, and the game doesn't exit the loading screen properly. Stuck."
76561198121830736,Recommended,261640,14487587,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,zyrder,the story is amezing but the not refarmeble enemys is a downside for this game but overall a good game. 8/10
,Recommended,261640,14488217,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Vespers,I love it. the end.
,Recommended,261640,12987709,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DEADLY ANOMALIES,"It's a Borderlands game, if you came expecting anything else you will be sorely dissapointed.If you came expecting a Borderlands game, good. Low grav and Oz kits are a blast, don't know if I can go back to regular gravity levels after experiencing TPS. Does feel a lot like BL2, and for some people that's a good thing. For others, not so much. Personally, I'm OK with it.Good addition to the series, would recommend/10. In my honest opinion, it's the best game in the series simply because some of the features they added make the gameplay that much more enjoyable.EDIT: Also, there's some HEAVILY ham-fisted feminist commentary that feels pretty out of place if you ask me, and the game forces you to go back to area's you've already visited pretty damn often, so if that isn't your thing you may want to skip it.Wilhelm is fun AF though, Athena looks pretty cool, Jack might be fun as well, woohoo whatever, buy it if your into it, idiot."
76561198124224779,Not Recommended,261640,14367304,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MoodyCarmak,"I wanted to like this game, I had high hopes for it but all I got was disappointment.The story line for the Pre-Sequal is great, one of the best in the Borderlands series, but after you've betten the game and side missions (which arn't that difficult) there is nothing else to do. There are no decent raid bosses only the slightly more powerful Sentanal and Iwajira, bosses don't re-spawn so you're unable to farm for legendaries and as far as dlc goes I recommend getting the Handsome Jack and Baroness packs, don't even get the holodome pack it's total garbage. GearBox have promised pacthes to fix the raid and re-spawable bosses but so far all we've got are nerfed loot and weapons.The Pre-Sequal has been a let down and I feel sorry for those who bought the season pass."
,Not Recommended,261640,14490702,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,"SAY WHAT AGAIN, I DARE YOU","Not as good as the first one by a long strech.The equipment is amazing, love lazers and cryo, completely changes the gameplay from the previous 2...However the story line is awful, both the previous 2 have made me want to complete all the playthroughs with all the characters, this one however hasnt even made me want to start the second playthrough with my first character.There is barely any comedy in the game, the few jokes that there are arent even that funny and claptraps skills are too complicated.If you want to complete the collection like I did, go for it, but don't expect the same quality of game as before."
76561198010829693,Recommended,261640,14519828,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[ReSn]-Anti,Loved it! recommended
,Recommended,261640,20018693,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,★Just Right★,i love this game
,Recommended,261640,20018800,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ieson,Really good graphics.
76561198089440751,Not Recommended,261640,20268674,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Badnana,An absolute dissapointment. Terrible game compared to the legendary Borderlands 2
,Recommended,261640,20208694,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pan,"+ find out about the guardians of the vault+ see/help Jack rise to power+ find out about the origins of the Sirens+ Cryo is pretty cool+ Athena is pretty cool+ Combat is far more vertical due to jump pads and low gravity+ Music is all 16-Bit space battle themes, kind of like FTL+ NINA KEEP YOU HEALTHY+ Claptastic Voyage is arguably the best DLC for any Borderlands game+/- Oxygen mechanic kind of slows down the game, but the OzKits are a cool replacement for relics+/- Lasers are meh- Holodome DLC not even close to worth it- More backtracking than old Faceless Void- Australian accents- Vehicle Controls suck- Janey Springs- Sound bugs out sometimes when switching from vacuum to atmosphere- Enemies and NPCs sometimes clip through walls- A lot of other bugs, and I mean A LOTOverall, 7/10"
,Recommended,261640,20235755,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Axton,"The new mechanics add a lot to the gunplay of the base Borderlands experience, it is just a shame they charged full price for a pretty short game thereby upsetting a lot of the fanbase."
,Recommended,261640,20242266,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Extranorist,Its a great game. Is a whole new level in the borderlands series. Similar to the second one but is still ready great.
,Recommended,261640,20302531,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kjrn,Fantastic gamePros- Makes me moist in my special placesCons-Does not bring me food
76561198164970264,Recommended,261640,20339254,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,mmilde18,Great story and great game to play with friend
,Recommended,261640,20320196,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,YAY,"The story is quite interesting and the gameplay is not much different from borderlands 2 but its abit overpriced imo, get it on sales! Its worth it :D"
,Recommended,261640,20319925,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,FatYunGJesus,"Best game ever, ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,261640,20331792,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,orlfman,"Pros:its borderlands 2linux support (nativish port, not wine wrapper)not as crazy with the dlcCons:inital high price being a semi mod of borderlands 2i enjoyed borderlands 2 so with pre squel being a pre borderlands 2 i obviously enjoy it. plenty of hours of game player, interesting story, newish classes, and a new adventure to explore. they did a better job at reexploring pandora than what blizzard did with WoD rehash of draenor.i also like the fact this is also available on linux. not only available, but it's not a wine wrapper, its a nativish port. its yet another game on my slowly growing list of linux games. once my collection grows long enough i can finally ditch dumb windows.overal i've been enjoying the game. has all the best of borderlands 2 with a few tweaks and new additions. if you enjoyed borderlands 2, like borderlands lore, and notboredwith borderlands 2 gameplay, then you will find this game enjoyable."
76561198043281865,Recommended,261640,20326788,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The.old.man76,Still playing since it first came out.  Highly recommend.
76561197997821723,Not Recommended,261640,20326886,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fayetal,"BORING. I am like 20 hours in and i am bored out of my mind. I only keep playing to give it a fair chance but the mass amount of space Aussies and bad gun play just ruin it. The guns do not shoot straight, ammo is to limited, and most of all, all the enemies run away from you, giving you no chance at a second wind. I am bored as hell but ill keep trying in this abusive relationship."
76561198130815292,Recommended,261640,20328783,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Yoweed,Briliant game not as good as Borderlands 1 or 2 though
,Recommended,261640,20605076,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Alis,"It's a great game, all in all. It's funny (maybe not as funny as B2, to be honest), it's fun. Mechanics are interesting, very similar to Borderlands 2, but with some new elements that make it interesting enough to play.Anyway, if you liked Borderlands 2, there's an excellent chance you'll enjoy this one as well."
76561198103569749,Recommended,261640,20539308,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,NoobmanHaha,Awesome game with whole new experience.Unlike bl2 the chances of getting a legendary was greatly increased and the currency for upgrading moonstones was far easier to collect than bl2 eridium.
76561198056643136,Recommended,261640,20612370,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sleeves2536,More of the same:1. shoot people in the face2. loot their freshly dead body3. shoot the next person in the face with your loot4. rinse & repeateStill fun!
,Recommended,261640,20653060,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,randomnin7,"This, no matter what your opinion on loot and shoot's are, is considered a great game by many.For those of you who live under a Borderlands-free rock, Borderlands is a loot-and-shoot FPS RPG where you level up by gaining experience and finding new guns. Now, at first glance, this sounds sort of copy-paste like. I know, I was one of those people. Then, I played the game...And, now I see what everyone is talking about! I started my Borderlands experience with Borderlands 2 on the Vita, and I played the living crap out of that game. I don't believe the Vita tracks hours played for the games you play, but I'm willing to bet it was way over 300 hours. And this game brings the whole I-can-sit-here-for-hours-and-not-even-realize-it type of style something like Fallout would have. This game reminds me a lot of Fallout. Except with less post-apoctalyptic stress. And in space. And it picked up cell shading along the way, too.So, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. Enough beating around the bush. I love this game, and I highly recommend it to anyone with the money. However, I don't feel it has lived up to Borderlands 2's overall initial dopamine rush. Sure, the zero gravity is fun as all balls to play around with, and the oxygen mechanic is a cool little touch, but it feels sort of short. For example, I have 4 hours (according to Steam; I played a lot whilst offline), and I'm level 24. I'm nearing the end of the game, but I feel a sense of displeasement, like, ""seriously? This is it?"" Then again, I'm not TOTALLY done with the game. Far from it. But I feel Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel doesn't live up to 2's standards.Let's go over the pros and cons of the game. I'll explain some of my points more in depth if you see a little asterisk next to said point's end. (i.e. -Example*)Pros:-Zero gravity-Humorous characters-Engaging gameplay-Code isn't difficult to manipulate*-Bajillions upon bajillions of guns (yes, seriously)-Claptrap is a playable character-Interesting side missions-Really good controller support-Laser guns (but nothing like Advanced Warfare, here it feels welcoming)Cons:-Feels like Borderlands 2's astronomically obsessed weirder brotherFirst (and only) Asterisk: Code isn't difficult to manipulateSo, listen. I have a confession. My laptop is definitely not made for gaming. It's got an 5th gen i3, 6 GB RAM, and, wait for it, an INTEL GRAPHICS CARD. Now, that sounds bad, and in most cases, it is. Not with the Pre-Sequel. The Willow engine the game runs on is very flexible beyond the basic typical framerate-helping tips, such as lowering resolution, running in Windowed (although that isn't applicable here, Fullscreen Windowed works best for me), & lowering video settings to make the game look muddier to give yourself an extra framerate boost. No, the Willow engine has two video schemes. The WillowEngine, which is the trademark Borderlands cell-shading look, and the RyanEngine, which ditches the cell-shading and REALLY boosts your framerate. I get a solid 30 FPS whilst playing this game. Keep in mind my graphics card is an Intel HD 5500 and my processor is an i3, and that's last gen console framerate.My overall score? Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a charm to play, but I didn't find it as charming as Borderlands 2. Then again, nothing in this world is perfect. The Pre-Sequel has a great story, TONS of gun variety, and fun, likeable characters. In space. What could go wrong? ...except asphyxiating, but who cares about that? Zero gravity gun-fights!Overall score: 8.5/10 - Great game with very minor flawsStory: 9/10 - Intriguing and interesting, full of twists and turnsCharacters: 10/10 (Yes, seriously)Originality: 7/10 - It's just Borderlands 2 with lasers in space. Not bad, by any means.First impressions (trailer and first 30 minutes of gameplay): 8/10I strongly recommend this game, but if you're new to the Borderlands universe and you haven't played 1 or 2 yet, I highly recommend you play them first, since a.) the story will make more sense and b.) they're typically cheaper than the Pre-Sequel."
76561197970712353,Recommended,261640,20649342,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Piet,Get a friend ... beat the invincible sentinel ...
76561198072362813,Recommended,261640,20651195,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GreyGoth,Good not great. A lesser than Borderlands 1 home for all FPS/ RPG loot ninjas. Really needed 3rd person view built in to make the jumpy puzzles enjoyable.
,Recommended,261640,19632341,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Andrew Nightroad,"Awesome game, too short though. Buy it only in offer, ooooor if you reaally love and enjoy borderlands gameplay and stuff. (especially if you like that aussie accent, that is funny somehow, ""g'day, mate"")"
76561198191297085,Recommended,261640,19669159,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,charleschristopherrobinson86,pretty good stuff here. little bit different sense of humor than the previous 2 but still decent all around
,Recommended,261640,19640622,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Saturn,
,Recommended,261640,19647113,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,autism,Very nice but too short sadly for the vanilla game without dlcs in 2 playtroughs
76561198111097313,Not Recommended,261640,19581679,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bread,"I loved playing Borderlands 2 and honestly, Borderlands: The Pre Sequel was a bit disappointing. I'm not really sure why, but I didn't find the story as entertaining as Borderlands 2. I think the story was just too short. What I also didn't like was that the different locations actually weren't too different. What I'm saying is the locations don't have much variety. Sure, there are abandoned buildings and stuff, but it's all just the moon and moon rock. In Borderlands 2, there were desserts, underground caves, snowy tundras, and others, the variety made the game much more exciting. What I also didn't like was that some of the legendaries were similar to Borderlands 2 and even the text in the loading screen, I just thought of that as bland. The DLCs are also not worth it. With all these negatives, I don't think it deserves to cost more or less twice as much as Borderlands 2 just to work out the story of Borderlands. (Not to be racist, but everyone has an Australian accent, too.)"
76561198030503066,Recommended,261640,19593848,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Let's Get Schwifty!,"not exactly as___as Borderlands 2, but still a good game to be fair. Just a bit pity"
,Recommended,261640,17787555,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CleverClover,"Good game, very Borderlands dialogue and story. Not as good as 2 or original, but still good. Would probably reccommend, but the final boss is far too difficult. Think Seraph Guardians from any of the BL2 DLCs. Also, don't play multiplayer unless you intend to be constant about said multiplayer; You will need to grind."
,Recommended,261640,19604420,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Akomoro,it doesn't live up to BL1 or BL2 but this game had the story that the series needed it is for sure worth a run through
76561198145456047,Recommended,261640,19576310,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ZeroGravity,love it
76561198140432821,Recommended,261640,19679682,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sodium Chloride,"Reminds me of borderlands 2, but with more Australia"
,Recommended,261640,19649821,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Bobyzola,"Jump, slam. Jump, slam. Jump, slam. Jump, slam. Jump, slam. Jump, slam.Nuff said."
,Recommended,261640,19649595,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Shads,"The game is freaking awesome. It fills in so many pieces of information and helps the story unfold even more. I love the gameplay similarities to Borderlands 2, and the scaling system based on Borderlands, so it's an even balance. The environments are beautiful, despite a few barrier glitches, and the game is just overall 10/10"
,Recommended,261640,19681423,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ADSN?,"Preface: I have only played one character so far, haven't yet beaten the final boss, and haven't played the DLC.Overall a decent game, but mechanically is pretty much exactly like BL2 with low grav/boosters thrown in sometimes.  I will say that I appreciate the changing environments and enemies; it's nice not to be stuck fighting the same bandits/spiderants/robots over and over again and it doesn't linger too long in different zones.  The zero-atmosphere/low grav areas are an interesting touch but overall don't change the game very much; it feels like they could have been used more innovatively and I've never actually run out of O2 since enemies drop it in abundance and there's usually an O2 field generator where you're fighting anyway.  So it failed to add any real urgency or change fights particularly, which is too bad.The story is interesting, but the humor is a little lackluster, though Jack is still pretty funny and definitely the most developed character in the game.  I didn't like the moving goalpost approach, where you find where you need to go, then you suddenly need to do something else across the map to open the door, and then you suddenly need to do something else across the mpa again to get in, etc etc.Oh, and adding in the manta from UT2004 was a nice touch; it's more fun than the other vehicles for sure.The one character I've played so far, Nisha, seems pretty overpowered.  I wish her special required more skill to use rather than turning her into an aimbot bullet hose.  I guess they had to put one in for the console gamers ;)  Overall the whole games seems too easy, though the end-boss is a sudden jump in difficulty.I can't help but compare it to BL2 and the Tiny Tina DLC, which had a great story and narration and was actually funny.  This one falls a little short but is a decent extension of BL2 (but where are Marcus and Zed?!   Nina isn't funny!).  It could have easily been a DLC, and I wouldn't pay full price for it, but for $20 or less it's worth it if you liked BL2."
76561198077652276,Not Recommended,261640,19685921,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,urivsdm,"This game has many bugs. One time I stuck in ground, one time I stuck in air while jumping from jump pad.The weapons are not balanced. At final levels enemies only drop blasters, no pistols (I'm playing as Nisha). Assault rifles are useless. Too many times I died just by falling off and it is extremely annoying. It is not always clear is it safe to jump down or not. It would be OK if I wouldn't need to restart the whole freakin level after fall.Jokes are not fun, the characters you met during the game are annoying with their long stories (Pickle, Siren).I only play this game because of original BL2 which was fun."
76561198114467825,Recommended,261640,19593104,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,NippleSkyPenetrator9000,A shotgun called me a c*nt6000000/10
,Recommended,261640,19595690,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,hunta445,"ONE OF THE BEST FPSRPG GAMES EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 would play! Funny story, millions of items, funny dialog, good original art style. I wish i had more time on my hands so i could play more often because i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
76561198038643492,Recommended,261640,19636757,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Nightstarz,"Its not what I was expecting lenght wise, but still fun."
,Recommended,261640,20010711,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TFW no screaming soaps,"First of all I'd like to say that this game is beautifully optimized. I can barely run BL2 on my mid-low-end laptop on the absolute lowest graphics setting, but this game runs super smoothly on the medium graphics setting, so that was a really pleasent suprise. The game is basically a re-skinned BL2, (which is awesome if you love BL2 and want a continuation of it), with a couple of well placed additions. The low gravity jumps and jetpacks make the game super fun. Laser guns are also really cool. The game is also much more open and has less loading screens. There are sequences where you go from a massive outdoor map and walk right into a huge bandit base, which is about 4 stories tall. When you get to the top of the base, you can just jump off and use your jetpack to land outside the base walls with no lag or anything. The environment is also more detailed. the humour is also ridiculiously stupid as always. overall, 10/10 if you love borderlands."
,Recommended,261640,20010067,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Quasar,is really good
76561198045395521,Recommended,261640,19964314,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cheddarsmack,It's like if Australia was a bouncy house filled with guns!
,Recommended,261640,16536563,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sagiri,10/10 NOW EVEN MORE EXPLOSIONS AND NEW... LAZERSSSSSSS
,Recommended,261640,16539671,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Darth Brute,if you like the other you'll probably like this one...
,Recommended,261640,16542208,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Delseum,"I pre-ordered this game for the PS3 so my hour count isn't as low as it seems. A lot of people dislike this game for its lack of endgame content, but I don't mind farming Iwajira for hours on end (note that I'm writing this review after the Iwajira nerf).6/10 - Although a non-favorite for the Borderlands community, I give it my thumbs-up for acting as a time-waster and delivering a terrific story"
,Recommended,261640,16543451,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,vNezo,"Only played just over 2 hours on this game but those 2 hours were great. This game, in my opinion, is great. First review and this game deserves it, if you are looking to buy a game this will leave you with hours of fun."
76561198084634710,Recommended,261640,16266234,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Neoo,Amazing :D
76561198073147918,Recommended,261640,16270259,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,earl.3430,"I don't know what everyone is complaining about, I loved it."
,Recommended,261640,16271029,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Professor Suicide,Jacks Doppleganger inspired me
76561198069408125,Recommended,261640,16396611,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Shite Bag,"TPS has the best story among the 3 Boderlands games. However that's the only reason to play this game, combat is lack luster, half the legendary weapons can only be found in a vendor or obtained through the grinder. Basically the game has the worst end game among the Borderlands games.The season pass is a waste of money, by buying the season pass you get the worse slaughter dome (wave based area), 2 new classes in a game that gives very little reason to replay it. However The claptrap dlc is amazing quality. The combat flow is better, the story is great and the last boss is one of the hardest things to kill on Pandora.Overall I would recommend you play BL2 as it is the better game however TPS is okay if you were a fan of the previous games if only to learn what happened between BL and BL2. If you buy TPS I would buy the Claptrap dlc and ignore the rest of them."
,Recommended,261640,16396616,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,OPSW,It was alright.8/10
,Recommended,261640,16396819,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lanik,"After playing this through for the first time I hated it in the sence of it not being the traditional borderlands, limited oxygen (as far as it goes here atleast) didn't really do anything but it felt to me as it made my exploration limited (it didn't, just felt that way) and that bothered me throughout the game. After some time I gave it a shot again with some friends and I still found it this way, then after a few months I suddenly got the urge to play it, and now I love it... Its a great game and all if you look at it from the perspective that ""borderlands"" couldn't stay the same forever, they gave something new a shot and for me it worked."
,Not Recommended,261640,16402239,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[KRAKEN]wesruv,"The character classes seem to be more fun than the last game, but the story is punishingly awful so far. The game has the typical run around and explore quests that are mind numbing.This franchise gives formulaic a bad name.Would recommend if you're ok with the grind, have friends that you're going to play the game with, and it's SUUUPER cheap.Otherwise just play any other Borderlands and you've got the idea."
76561198014846255,Recommended,261640,16386082,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ImABabyPeanut,"If you liked Borderlands 2 this is just more of the same.  Which is awesome.  Some people complain about it being too short, which it kinda is, but at the same time, it runs natively on Linux.So I bought it when it came out at full price.  Putting my wallet where my mouth is."
,Recommended,261640,16386540,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Herbacha,"For a ""kinda spinoff"" episode, it sure was a lot of fun. Entertaining story, brand new classes, and Handsome Jack everywhere!"
,Recommended,261640,16039054,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Muadeeb,"Same as 1 and 2, great fun with friends (I only play co-op with my wife and friends)."
,Recommended,261640,16042087,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,pittfitthorpackadknullneger,"It's like Borderlands 2, but with even LOWER gravity."
76561198070188921,Recommended,261640,16067513,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The_Ninja,The games good.
,Recommended,261640,16256197,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,"I like the game , but I prefer Borderlands 2 for one main reason.Gravity jump was a great idea at 1st , but after a while it gets kinda in your way.I just prefer everything on ground level and not in zero gravity fights."
76561198045818909,Recommended,261640,16328993,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Swal Lowet,The game has a few glitches but overall it is a fun addition to the series.
,Recommended,261640,13893409,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ChilinMichael,"Great game, the pace is faster than Borderlands 2 but that's good!  Graphics are about the same, possibly slightly enhanced.  All the gameplay you love, new scenery!"
76561198153899197,Recommended,261640,13897201,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,wormygurmples,Good game and as fun as any other borderlands. The jump pads and gravity were a great addition. Story is pretty cool. I'm not too crazy about any of the character or their powers. I'd suggest the Borderlands 2 GOTY rather than this one as there is far more content and value. I'd only recommend if you really love borderlands and have played enough of Borderlands 2.
,Recommended,261640,13897880,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,sOb,"If you liked Borderlands 2, this is a slighty shorter slighty less funny version of it."
76561197974589615,Recommended,261640,13899169,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TFmoore,The game is good but not great the fact that you go in and out of gravity and atmo effects alot of you weeapons and gernade mods negativly to me that is bothersome. It is noteworthy that the grinder is a nice feature for those whom are more casual about playing but still want to be able to get some of the legendary equipment.In conclusion good game but wait untill the price comes down or it goes on sale.
,Recommended,261640,13814218,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bluetuna3,"I must say I was surprised. I read many reviews that sad this game was a bust, a dlc, a remake, a rip-off. I say that I welcome this new addition to the series. Being a fan of borderlands, I was really hoping for this to be a great game. What did we get? A great game! When people say it's a rip off of the 2nd Borderlands I disagree with them. I mean sure animations, voice, and graphics look the same, but there is soo much more humor, loot, guns, and the bad♥♥♥♥♥grinder. So here is a break down of the pros and cons.Pros +:- Great gameplay; feels like it has been improved upon from the last game 9/10- Funny, and engriping story; you are a ""person"" on the space shuttle when all the sudden things go to hell, and next thing you know you have to save Pandora, and it's moon- Amazing character choice; Some aspects of characters are great, I love playing as claptrap and hearing his conversations with other Clap trap units like in ""Home Sweet Home"" When he talks about how they are a disgrace to the name- Great graphics- Sweet Guns; We love our lazer guns- Moxxie is back, so is lilliana, and Roland- Just a grand-old-timeCons -:- Bugs are constant; I can't tell you how manytimes I have seen lightning continuosly electricute an ememy, with out a source. Clipping, and render distance is limited- Borrowed things from Borderlands 2; Sometimes I feel like I am playing the same level design from levels from the second one- NO TINY TINA!!! (except for one side misson with her voice- 1/2 of the NPC's have an Australlian accent which does get annoying- Too many instances where you can XP grind- AI is unresponsive at times- Language is sometimes censored (I mean was that nesissary!)Verdict:Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10 (as usuall)Story: 7/10; Short can be completed in under 16 hoursGuns: 9/10 (LASERS!!!)Loot: 7/10 (found too many of the same thing, or type of thing)Dificulty: 7/10 Feels like not much of a challenge on normal modeFINAL VERDICT: 8/10 (AWESOME GO BUY IT!)"
76561198077906874,Recommended,261640,13454439,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pasta_Lord,"fixed. they fixed it. loot doesn't drop through the map as much. :) enemies are still a little glitchy but nothing game breaking just a wasted shot every (around 20 enemies)worth it. only actual complaint: the skilltrees suck. the skill trees are mostly bassed off of zero, and mechromancer.overall, an ok game. (but sometimes the humor is... bland. but overall it feels like a borderlands game and bugs and glitches aside it's a good addition to the borderlands series. but borderlands 2 is very clost to loosing it's spot as my favorite borderlands game.[the lasers are a bit underpowered, still some glitches and annoying problems, some skill trees are underpowered.but!   it's good. i'm glad i bought it."
,Recommended,261640,13902758,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hydro,Better storymode than Borderlands 1 and 2 but had little end-game missions/activities. Dlc ok (Doppleganger is awesome. Slaughter dome not the best). Would recommend game if on sale.
,Recommended,261640,13882175,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ArakiJones,"Such loot! Much critical! Very weapons!It's a nice game, but i think its more of the same when played Borderlands 2. Of course, there are additions, environments without atmosphere and ability to jump and slam down multiple enemies, which is fun. I dunno, maybe its just my opinion, but I feel that classes are kinda unbalanced, and the Enforcer class feels OP. I didnt finish the first playthrough yet, but I know I will do it multiple times.Something that really worth: play as claptrap. You must.Like the others Borderlands versions, this one is waaaaaaaaaaay more fun if played in coop mode. Once you try it, single player mode will be forever boring."
76561198034914632,Not Recommended,261640,13883731,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,OMGitsAlfredMolina,"except for the characters from previous borderlands games, ie, jack, the vault hunters, and the playable characters,  the voice acting in the game is so completely awful that it almost ruins the game for me.  with the other borderlands games, i can play for hours and still be having fun.  with this one, i can play about an hour before the obnoxious and poorly done voices♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and pull me out of that fun.   the driving is awful. i will hit a small bump and my car will go flying.  ive actually gotten my car stuck in the ground on a flat part before, no idea how.   compared to the borderlands 2 character, all of the skills in this game are completely underwhelming.  I dont have jack to play as yet, mainly because i cant justify paying more money towards this game.   The first two borderlands games were among my favorite of all time, but if 2k australia makes the next one, im out."
,Recommended,261640,13885296,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Donald Trump XDDDddd,"Borderlands is probably one of the best game series that has ever came to gaming. If you enjoy and of the borderlands i highly recomend getting this game. This game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weapons, areas, missions, skins, and many more aspects that make the game worth it.Pros: Very hilarious gameplay-Lots of guns-Nice big freerome-Amazing characters to play-Lots of quest-Lots of loot that you really have to work for-Good controls-Easy to get use tooCons-Not the best dlc-Sometimes can feel the same as borderlands 2-Not the most stable game.If you enjoy bl2, get this game."
76561198169319145,Recommended,261640,13886674,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,Really fun!
,Recommended,261640,13540139,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Spongegar,Best game ever.
,Recommended,261640,13540157,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Buska,"This game is everything I wanted Borderlands 2 to be. For some reason I could not get into number 2. It felt boring, despite the improved mechanics and well, everything. This is the ture sequel to the glory of bl1, and it has australian accents everywhere which is a bonus, as it makes the game even more ridiculas.  Freaking loving it."
76561198071482268,Recommended,261640,13543119,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Paradox,not as good as borderlands 2 but play the full game twice and youll start to like it just give it a chance and do the side missions
,Recommended,261640,13543400,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Webby,You can go behind Moxxi's bar 10/10
,Recommended,261640,13544921,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Willbo,"Many will say that it should be an add-on to Borderlands 2 but it is actually a very fun and enjoyable game. I agree that it may have been made to generate more money but it is a good, worthy game that fits well with the previous borderland games. One massive issue though. Farming! Barely in the game now. And when we asked for more, they just nerfed the very little of it that was already in the game!8/10"
76561198067331386,Recommended,261640,13546266,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Trinimajik,"Repetative, but still remains fun. Nothing too different from Borderlands 2 but the new Oxygen mechanics are cool. Wish there was a bit more content/sidequests."
,Recommended,261640,13337754,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Chambill,"I had a low expectation for the game since everybody says it's generally a bigger DLC of BL2. But actually it's quite bigger than ""a big DLC"". The content is not that much different from DLC, even the legendaries have some overlaps, but the story line is quite interesting. I love the new laser guns.Anyway, I'm too tired and lazy of writing a thourough review--if you enjoy BL2, you definetely will enjoy the Pre-Sequel. I got it on sale at 40$, and I think it's worth it. I don't know if I would think the same if I spent 60$ as the MSRPUpdate-Dec.20=============================================================This update has some spoilers, just to let you know.Finished my first playthrough a week ago (finished all the side quests). It's on Christmas sale now for 30$, so definitely now it's worth the price. So I'd still recommend itGameplay wise, the mechanics is basically the same to BL2 with some modified gravity and buttslams.However, experience wise it's not even close to BL2.BL2 is way more fun in terms of humor and characters. You're surrounded by, say, hammerlock, moxxi, roland, claptrap, zed, etc, etc--all these funny and feeling-alive characters. The storyline of BL2 makes you feel really related to every character.In the presequel, you feel--lonely. You don't really interact much  with other characters like nurse nina, moxxi, springs, etc. Even in the side quests, you don't get to know their background stories or charactristics/tempers much, you just follow their orders to do this and that.Speaking of side quest, why the heck there's no sidequest from Moxxi??????? Speaking of Moxxi, why the heck I cannot tip her????? And where the heck does she go after the game play (i know it's sanctuary but really, dude, my favourite character in the game is just gone after the gameplay)?????Back to the sidequest issue. I enjoyed BL2 sidequests because they are main-story-line-related, so playing the game as a whole is fun. But BLTPS is not like this. each sidequest is like a individual mission, not related to anything else. (and WTF is that collecting 50 white weapon mission, it's just a waste of time).I ONLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME, DESPITE OF ALL THE FLAWS I SAID ABOVE, BECAUSE OF ITS BORDERLAND'S NATURE, THE BORDERLAND'S SYSTEM IS STILL FUN AND WORTH TO PLAY. and the new characters are pretty awesome, I enjoyed playing claptrap, going to try athena or the lawbringer next, and if dlc went on sale, definitely i'll try jack."
,Recommended,261640,13461206,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BOT Ziggytrip,"This game is good, the dlc is a dissapointment."
,Recommended,261640,13461412,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rapwnzel,"Borderlands. The name itself speaks volumes about what the franchise has become. Cartoon mayhem, gore, and violence does not get much better than this. The stories that are told throughout the game makes games like Fallout and Skyrim look like nothing more than your average Call of Duty game. Dump in the whole lot of ridiculous, sometimes even dark humor, and you've got yourself a complete package.While The Pre-Sequel does have all of the above that makes a Borderlands game what it is, it just feels so... Empty. It's as though they have taken the old games, dumped them into a washer, set it to spin and dry, then taken out what's left, and sold it for $60. The quests feel so familiar, the rewards for them felt so ""meh"", they didn't make you feel special. For BL2, I actually went out of my way to complete some quests to get that extra strong weapon for True Vault Hunter mode, but that did not happen for TPS, the random weapon drops, and even the occasional moonstone chests, were sufficient. It wasn't that hard of a game, in the end. The bosses felt like they've been through a CartoonNetwork review, dumbing them down, where in BL2, the bosses were HARD AS HELL.At the end of the day, was it fun?♥♥♥♥ yeah it was."
76561197962172404,Recommended,261640,20838635,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Eluzian,Fun and funny.  You can play as Claptrap and do hilarious things.
76561198065208305,Recommended,261640,20834347,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DovahSpy,"This truly is a fantastic installment of Borderlands shenaniganery, especially as Claptrap. If you do get this, play as Claptrap and try to get the Pirate Ship Action Package.... (it's a skill)"
76561198044298876,Not Recommended,261640,19170919,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ch3wbucca,31/01/16 - Would play this for hours if it wasn't for the oz requirement. Didn't even play past the first moon area. Such a shame for such a solid franchise. BL1 and 2 were much much better than this.New game mechanics were to annoying to play this all the way through as I have done with the other Borderland titles.
,Recommended,261640,20736445,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,witches be flying,"This game is fun. Although it fails compared to Borderlands 2.Pros: Funny characters and dialouge, good story, fun characters, and diverse skillsCons: Non respawnable bosses, unfarmable legendaries, 1 raid boss that is just the final boss but a bit harder.I'd give this game a 7/10"
76561198032260611,Not Recommended,261640,13781172,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,42istheanswer,"Right. Here goes. I bought copies of BL1 & BL2 + DLC for me and a friend. Same thing this time around. We played 1&2 to bits and pretty much loved most of it. We recently finished this installment and it left both of us kind of underwhelmed. Suffice it to say neither of us will be replaying or buying DLC. I'll just try and list our biggest gripes only  so this doesn't get too lengthy.On enemies: You're obviously going to spend a lot of time shooting things. We both were grinning all the way through BL2, often wondering ""what the hell did he just say"". Psycho's saying psycho things or midgets screeching and screaming, the enemies were kind of memorable. The enemies here feel like generic cannon fodder in comparison. They're uninteresting and most don't really do or say much of anything at all.Then there's the loot. It's bad with a capital B. It's so bad it took the fun out of finding and opening chests really fast. Neither of us minds farming for loot but when we're not that interested to begin with it's just not going to happen (and by that I mean farming bosses).Lastly, our favorite icon / iconic place. Moxxi's bar. Half the time she isn't even there or she's in the back. We barely got any quests from Moxxi and the buff jars we never even used once. Both the bar and the character are icons to us and we don't feel either were particularly interesting this time around. We loved the tip jar from BL2, lots of innuendo & crazy things and two nice guns to boot.The story is mostly kind of boring, save the end bit. That was well done.For something that's obviously going to feel like a gargantuan BL2 DLC it's pricey too. I wouldn't recommend picking this up full price. On a discount, well ... it's still Borderlands."
,Recommended,261640,20684771,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,🌵すいか,"This is basically Handsome Jack: The Origin Story. The plot revolves around retaking the Hyperion Moonbase and Handsome Jack's story of lowly programmer slowly turning into the psychotic maniac we know. Gameplay wise there are a few new features like O2 kits since you're on the moon, less gravity, new vehicles, laser guns, but at its core it feels very much like Borderlands 2; the way quests play out, enemies being reskins or analogues to enemies from previous titles, and the cel shaded look which is just hiding some gnarly texture issues. This game feels like what Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon was, and yet it was not; it was released as a full price game when it feels more like an expansion in Blood Dragon's vein; A standalone game in and of itself that was fun but didn't really need to be done. If you're looking to grab this i'd wait for a sale as usual, grab it with the season pass for $20 and it makes that $20 worthwhile. If you're looking for innovation this really isn't the title, it's more for the Borderlands fan who is already familiar with the previous games and just wants a little bit more."
,Recommended,261640,20782347,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Spooky Squish,I like this game more than 2. I might have less hours in it but meh.
,Recommended,261640,20463744,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ok Alright,"I bought this game + season pass for like $20 so my opinion might be biased.For $20 + the season pass, I'd say this game is great. I personally wouldn't buy the game + season pass for $60 though because the storyline is pretty short. I beat the game today and it only took me 12 hours and I was screwing around stuff and my doppelganger was around level 23 and the enemies I were facing were 25+ but it was still pretty easy. I'd say this game is almost as good as Borderlands 2, sometimes the australian voices were annoying but the storyline from jack's POV made this game worth it for $20.I will update my review after playing some DLC.**UPDATE**I REALLY liked the Clapstatic Voyage DLC, I got tons of cool glitched weapons, and I got some legendaries that lasted me for a looooooooong time. The final boss is really hard, i think it's a raid boss, but it makes this game better because a lot of the bosses in this game are pretty easy.Although this game is great, it has some flaws that bug me.First off, I LOVED that the vault hunter you play as has a say in it, unlike in BL2 where your character would talk after getting handsome jack's dialogue; it was a nice feature. However, more or less they all say the same thing. Don't get me wrong, every now and then your character will say something completely unique, but most of the time your vault hunter would say almost the same thing as every other vault hunter.Secondly, when you play the game in TVHM, it's a nice thing that we get Tiny tina and brick's dialogue instead of just lilith's most of the time, it was a refreshing feeling, but it got me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when in UVHM it's still Tiny Tina and Brick. They could've gotten Mordecai, or even Pickle for damn sake to mix it up a bit. And when you beat the game a second time in TVHM, you would think maybe Athena and Lilth and the others would talk about the future war, but nope, same ending as the first time you beat it.A few things irritated me, but I still love this game."
76561198157893451,Recommended,261640,20855749,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,dank bonkripper78,One Word.......Amazing :3
76561198061914581,Recommended,261640,20860026,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,King_Peasant,"If I wasnt playing on a Mac, I bet this would be an even better game."
,Not Recommended,261640,20858539,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Gbane,Not as great as borderlands 2.
,Recommended,261640,20885717,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lhogan,"I have only payed about an hour of it so far, but I love it. Very fun, good humor, and I like the art styles."
,Not Recommended,261640,20882795,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tannah,"Borderlands: The Pre-SequelThe third instalment that takes place between Borderlands and Borderlands 2.The good:The Game Mechanics for Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel are some of the most polished out of the series. Some of the game mechanics are kinda useless but they work. The Borderlands games run on tweaked versions of the unreal 3 engine.The Bad:Knowing what I know now I would not have picked up Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel day 1! I would have waited till it was at-least $15 for game of the year edition.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel should have been a addon to Borderlands 2, it does not have the atmosphere or story to be a standalone. The story is not up to Borderlands standards. The humour that drew so many of us to Borderlands is MIA. The NPCs are very flat and 2 dimensional. While there has always been a sense of sexual humor in the Borderlands and Borderlands 2. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel removes the humour and goes to the feminist and flamer sexuality. A quarter of the way though the game I wanted to kill Janey Springs because of this. I find Janey Springs way more grating and annoying than Claptrap. but most of the characters are very poorly written.Quests in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel are very grindy and run to this side of the map then run to the other side of the map then run back, why? Because we want you to. Soloing the game is possible, but it makes the game even more tedious and boring.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is defiantly the worst out of the Borderlands games. If your interested in Borderlands, do not start with Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. As it may kill your interest in the Borderlands franchise.My personal recommendation is play Borderlands first, the Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, Then Borderlands 2, then the Tell Tale Borderlands Game. In this order you will get the most out of the story, and to make the game the most interesting. It is best to play Borderlands 1 first as the change in interface is rather jarring.Bottom Line would I recommend Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel? Tentatively I would. If you had played at-least one of the other Gear Box Borderlands games and really-really enjoyed it, yes. Otherwise no there are better more interesting games to play."
76561198006333404,Not Recommended,261640,20846807,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Si,"Fan of the previous games in the series,, didn't like this one. Humor fell flat just like the game play. Maybe 2k Australia will improve on their next game ... er ... uh ... oh right this game ended them. Should have known better than to spend my money on a game that killed the studio that made it."
76561198063230278,Recommended,261640,20852534,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,KFowles (Wifu),Story isnt as great as Borderlands 2 but the weapons are amazing the combat is cool as hell the new action skills are great. Also playable Claptrap. If you like blowing things up get it on sale and it is worth it most of the bugs and non-respawnable bosses have been fixed.
,Recommended,261640,20848535,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mr. Awesome,Awesome Game!!!
,Recommended,261640,20869211,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RUL Nevada,"Very similar to Borderlands 2 and I do think that's better, but if you want more of the same you can't go far wrong."
,Recommended,261640,20875474,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Reao417,Loving it so far. I got it on sale and I'd say this addition to the Borderlands universe is...pure awesome.
,Recommended,261640,20877561,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Edi,"Meh. Its good if you really like Borderlands. Worth it on sale, but not at full price in my opinion. Just a glorified dlc to 2 with Australian censorship. Its not bad by any means, just nowhere near as perfect as the first 2."
76561198152468058,Recommended,261640,20877825,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LV50PuddingPsycho,I love Borderlands: The Pre-sequel. It is jam packed with fun and hilarity lies around every corner. Go CL4P-TP!!
,Not Recommended,261640,13945957,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Salad Guy,"6.9/14 Uncanny valley Borderlands game. The game, although solid, lacks the feel and humor of the previous two iterations. It's still a funny game, but the humor just feels... off somehow. Also, we get it Gearbox Australia, your from australia. That doesn't mean you have to reference it every 5 seconds with what feel like forced jokes.Oh, also, this might just be me, but none of the classes really feel right."
76561198088034376,Recommended,261640,13946493,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ebzaladactyl,"Love it!  Full of action, hummor, over powered weapons, and everything else you would expect from a Borderlands game."
76561198028809126,Not Recommended,261640,13947404,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MrFordRepublican,"I'm going to say something right now: Do not buy this game.I got into Borderlands when Steam gave me a free copy of Borderlands 2 and I ended up buying everything Borderlands. I even got Borderlands 1 and Tales from the Borderlands. I was super excited to play this game but when I played it I instantly regretted it.First of all the game is just straight not fun. Like Borderlands 1 it has a really insane difficulty. I was playing co op with a friend through the whole game and we died so many times it's freaking ridiculous. You're swamped with a crap ton of enemies that are almost all just bullet sponges (looking at you Kraggons), some areas just keep spawning a bunch of enemies that you just have leave. They'll even throw 3-4 Badasses at you at a time. It becomes a pain and an annoyance to play. The whole Oz Kits thing is sorta cool, but having to constantly watch your O2 gauge was annoying. It really discouraged discovery. In BL1 and 2 you feel free and can walk around places but in The Pre Sequel you're so concerned with getting from point A to point B and keeping your O2 gauge from running out that you don't want to explore.It feels like it devolved from a lot of the progress that BL2 made with the gameplay. I feel like the guns aren't as accurate and don't handle as well as they do in BL2. It's really confusing. All of the new types of enemies (Kraggons, those flying shocking squid things) are just completely annoying. Kraggons just keep spawning more Kraggon and I can't tell you how many times I ran out of ammo trying to fight those things.And the general game design is just terrible. The new moon buggies don't handle as good as the light runner from previous game, and there are so many surprise cliffs with lava at the bottom that me and my friend died just trying to drive to a mission. And I got really confused most of the time about where exactly I was supposed to go. A lot of missions are harder to complete just because I got lost, even with the waypoint. The whole area is a lot smaller than BL2 but they make up for that by having you run from one side of the map to the other numerous times. You think backtracking was bad in BL2? HA. That's nothing compared to TPS.And on top of the game being a pain in the butt to play the story is TERRIBLE. Like yeah BL2 certainly had issues but TPS completely contradicts EVERYTHING BL2 said about the 5 year gap between BL1 and 2. Like you want to know more about what went down with Mordecai/Moxxi/Jack? Well too bad cause the most you get for that is a couple lines about how it's in the past and a grumble from Mordecai. Want to know how Jack became CEO of Hyperion? Well yeah you kinda get that but it contradicts what we know from BL2. Want to know more about Angel? Nope she's not even in the game. Were you hoping that this would expand on anything that was just casually mentioned in BL2? Well too bad! Cause this is so selfcontained it hurts. You don't even go to Pandora once. The most you get from Pandora is a side mission from Hammerlock, and that's entirely just audio from him. Jack himself is portrayed as a hero for most of the game (to the point where Roland and Lilith team up with him to help him start his robot army YEAH THAT HAPPENS) except for a couple times where he does something bad and everyone goes :O. And so much of it is just dumb. I was groaning so much during this game. Everyone is out of character. And the story is framed with Athena telling Lilith the story but Lilith is freaking psychotic. She's portrayed as this vengeful, hateful, sour, hypocritical nut. She wants Athena dead for doing pretty much the exact same thing she did. It's just dumb.And the new characters? I'd say a good 95% of them are freaking annoying. Especially Janey Springs. She's obviously meant to be the big new character who even gets her own intro, but she's one of the most obnoxious characters in the game (scratch that the whole FRANCHISE). And she takes the plot role of like four characters. Compared to BL2 she takes the spot of Claptrap, Hammerlock, Scooter, AND Tiny Tina. She pops up so much in the plot it's annoying. The only character worse than her is the snotnosed prick named Pickles. And almost none of them are funny. I can count on one hand the number of times this game made me laugh, and that's just sad. And it's so terrible cause you can tell that they're trying to make the game funny but they're just failing. In fact some of the jokes are cringeworthy or just straight up disturbing. BL2 got me to laugh because I shot a guy in the face for a quest. TPS just makes me groan with the terrible humor. Only a handfully of characters are funny at all. On top of that there are even fewer characters that are remotely likeable. And often times they die. There was only one character in the whole game that I really liked. And that was a computer.I have so many undiscovered quests but I don't care cause playing the game isn't fun. I have no desire to go back after beating it to finish them. I'll go back to BL2 to finish up the handful of quests I didn't to but TPS was such a horrible experience that I don't even want to touch it again.And btw don't buy the season pass. I don't expect the DLC for the game to be any good given what we have from the main game. I wasted money buying that cause I expected quality DLC like BL2 had, but after playing the game I massively regret given them my money."
,Recommended,261640,13729330,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dreki Degga,"Excellent game. I somehow missed the other borderlands games but I think I may go buy them after playing this one. The comedy, artwork, excellent and original story line and action packed shooting make this game one of the best games of the year.5/5"
76561198151546410,Recommended,261640,13730491,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bruh99,"Eh, buy when it's 15$ during a steam sale unles you love borderlands, in which case you already have bought this game and have played it more than me7/10 worst borderlands"
,Recommended,261640,13731726,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,♫poorpuppy,"""SHOOT' N' LOOT!"", ""BUTT SLAMS"", ""GUNS"", ""SKILLZ!"".EVERYTHING YOU COULD WANT IN A GAME!I love this game, i love it alot. (you wouldnt get that sentence unless you know me well).If your hating this game in my opinion i think you are not seeing this from the right point of view its got everything you could ever want. i just now completed the game as the Lawbreaker, Gunslinger, Nisha. whatever you wanna call her and it was amazing my reasoning for Nisha was ""well all i wanna do is just shoot people and get better loot so i chose the green skill tree all about shooting people and looting there body's wich made the expierience very fun for me it is new and i did see where people had problems cuz i did get a strange feel for the game it does seem diffrent but once you get used to it its amazing there is STILL FARMING! i cant count the amount of unique legendary weapons i got but ill tell you the small flaws to this first.1. SMALL!!! lack of location. the amount of locations (after playing through it and just doing side missions that pop up) there didnt seem to be enough (keyword enough) locations wich is good for me cu in bl2 there were so much places and many side missions it was a little to much for me but i did kinda like it so idk.2. The Vault Hunters! you can choose. there didnt seem to be a good order of variety to me it seems wierd that they didnt have a siren but the dopple ganger and Gladiator are a good touch.3. the story even if you choose Wilhelm or Captrap its still athenas story wich kinda bumbed me.4. is a Unkown like i said the feel for it is new and i can see where that can bum out alot of people cuz alot of people dont like change.The good sides is everything else its a great game you just have to remember its a pre-sequel events that took place between borderlands and borderlands 2 so they were forced to limit the amount of lore and they didnt have alot of changing to it but i feel releasing this game was neccassary after what the guardian says at the end ""war is coming we need as many vault hunters as we can get"" i predict a 3rd game to the series and i know that the third will be what we will be wanting so its a good game overall i feel that alot of the stuff in Borderlands is overpowered but thats what makes me like the game you feel overpowered but your not and all you need is to ""shoot' n' loot!"" so i love the game the story is amazing the credits are amazing i loved it but the price of it should be a 45$ i think thats worth it  and the dlc i think 5$ a piece.so if you havnt already buy the game and enjoy it. people just dont like the minor things that seem very noticable and man i was so engaged to this game and im normaly not this engaged in any game i loved the enviroment new enemy's and everything i will update this review over time cuz i love this game so much hope i was of help. yes i do lack grammer my school's never realy focused on it that much so i never realy cared. ENJOY THIS EPIC ADVENTURE!!!"
,Recommended,261640,13733990,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dazzle? More like Duhzzle,hi i need some help guys i really like borderland ive played all the games but ive started to play this one and every 10 minuits it says borderlands the presequal has stoped working so i close it down and it comes up with a update bar for borderlands i have tryed reinstaling it but that did not help and advise would be great thanks
76561197993589899,Recommended,261640,13764816,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jay,"Having played all of the series, I enjoy the literal ""in your face"" descriptions and dialogue, a much needed directness that was hinted at in the previous games.  The storyline is good, perhaps not as excellent as the previous games. The feeling that this game was designed for multiplayer, with a little less development in the storyline, is present from the start.  Overall I have enjoyed playing this game and look forward to the downloadable content."
,Recommended,261640,13766242,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Frees,"This game is AMAZING for someone not too into the Borderlands series yet. It is very enjoyable to the point I stayed up long nights just to play it. The dialogue is hilarious, having unique, charming speaches by every character, and every combonation on Multiplayer characters. Probably the best story they could have done for a prequel. Very fun to play with friends. Only gripe is that if you come from Borderlands 2 expecting a farm-fest, you will not get it. There are some problems, which I believe are bugs. One is that most bosses aren't replayable unless you go through the story all over again. Legendary weapons are not enough, and few new ones were even added. Most of the endgame is fighting one boss for legendaries, then putting them into a machine that gives you a new legendary.Tl;dr: One of the best stories I have ever played, engrossing, hilarious, entertaining. Endgame kinda sucks, but that may be fixed in a patch.+1 for badass Australian humor. (or humour hunhunhun ;])"
,Recommended,261640,13766841,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Sheriff,"Games pretty fun, not like borderlands 2 fun, but you know... pretty fun, I guess."
,Recommended,261640,13767700,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KvaSS,"Laser Shotguns!!!! Laser F*cking Shotguns!!!!! 1337/420But seriusly.. i recommed this game only if you are a true borderlands fan like me-meaning you already have this game xD. But if you are new to the badass borderlands franchise i would wait till this game is on sale as it is currently overpriced in my opinion. I have also experienced some annoying glitches where my guns dissapeared and enemies teleporting through walls, but in the end i would say my money was enough just to find out the true story of handsome jack. The vast dlc will also keep you playing this game for hours... Before you play this game i highly recommend atleast 1 full playthrough of borderlands 2 first... due to major spoilers."
76561198141844158,Recommended,261640,13767818,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rammer7,THIS GAME ROCKS
,Recommended,261640,13769933,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kitupiikki,buttslams :OO
,Recommended,261640,13773550,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,23r0 Gaming,"To be fair to Gearbox, Borderlands 2 was a tough act to follow, but in many ways this game is just disappointing.  The campaign is shorter, there's FAR less variety as far as environments go (you basically have two kinds of environments: surface of the moon and industrial area/space station) than in Borderlands 2, there's less enemy variety, the unique weapons aren't that good, and the character classes have skill trees that almost exlusively cater to co-op gameplay rather than solo-play (though all of them save Claptrap seem to have one skill tree that's more geared towards solo play so you aren't entirely gimped when by yourself), a real problem if you can't get together with friends.That being said, it's still a fun game that I would recommend playing.  However, I ALSO recommend playing Borderlands 1 and 2 before playing this game in order to fully appreciate the story, which is really the game's main redeeming factor.  Also, play with a friend.  It's FAR more amusing that way."
76561198158722039,Recommended,261640,13773985,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jake Parkon,such a great game!
76561197970506996,Recommended,261640,13774286,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,maximumyin,"More of the same, but if that's what you are looking for it's all here."
76561197986588884,Recommended,261640,13775841,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,$hrouded_Angel,"love the game, definitley my fav game to play"
,Recommended,261640,13777503,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FloofyMuttonGoat,it's a good game but single player to me is boring if you have friends that have it than okay but if you dont i wouldnt recommend it
76561197996741892,Not Recommended,261640,13815319,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JackClown,did you love borderlands 1?did you love borderlands 2?do you still want to love those games?well dont play this one!!!!!!
76561197981600973,Recommended,261640,13815497,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DvS,Great Coop with funny dialog.
76561198028206995,Recommended,261640,16838001,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SleeperStang,Prety damn good!
76561197998238033,Not Recommended,261640,16845126,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,aboud1798,"Having played countless hours of Borderlands 1 & 2 on both console and PC, I could not wait to play this edition of Borderlands once it was announced. Having played the game a full 13 hours, I found myself to have completed the game. While I know this game is designed for multiple playthroughs, the Campaign felt far too short for my taste. Additionalyl, the campaign contained none of the awesome boss fights found in previous editions of this series. To be honest, the campaign was neither intriguing nor as funny as previous Borderlands games. It is also important to note that at least 3 of the 13 hours it took my crew and I to complete the game were spent dealing with the many glitches that one encounters while playing this game. For one, the saving system, and checkpoints are abysmal. Also, they somehow managed to make the driving even worse than it was in previous games. Finally, the ""moon"" enviroment that seemed so amazing before the game came out was nonexistant within this game. All locations seemed to be reskins of previous games, and to make it even worse, reskins of those reskins. The gravity was nowhere near as fun as advertised, as i'd say around 50% of the game is played without the benefits provided by the lack of gravity on the moon. I really wanted to like this game, but quite frankly, I found myself having a very difficult time doing so. Although did indeed manage to pick the game up with the season pass for around $25 bucks during the summer sale, I find myself wishing that I could get a refund. If only I had known that the game would remain largely the same as the first hour, I would have certainly taken advantage of the new steam refunding policy.  Sadly, given the quality of this game, I doubt I will ever be as excited to play a new borderlands again. In fact, given this abysmal experience, I do not see myself purchasing any Boderlands games in the near future.** If this is your first borderlands I'd say give it a shot. However, I recommend you play both of the previous games instead. If you have played past borderlands games, with regret, I would have to say that this game including the season pass is worth no more than the price of a cheap DLC (max $10)."
,Not Recommended,261640,17206362,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,gaper,Excellent Borderlands 2 DLC! Fantastic job on this add-on to Borderlands 2!At least there was a laser gun...
,Recommended,261640,17212573,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,technitaur,"I personally don't understand the other reviews that say this game isn't as funny as BL2 or that the story isn't long enough. I felt the story was just fine and I actually think this game is even funnier than BL2.There are only two things about this game that bother me: loot falling through the floor rather frequently (hopefully they might fix that at some point) and the fact that I have never seen any 'loot goon' type mobs or the little ones that spawned out of containers in BL2. However, this is offset by the fact that the vending machine 'Items of the Day' are actually a lot better than they were in BL2. I almost never bought an IOTD in BL2, but I have bought many of them in the Pre-Sequel already and they are legitimately awesome.This is also a great game to play if you're interested in Borderlands lore - particularly Jack, obviously. Some have complained that it should have been a DLC for BL2 or something, but I think it makes a great standalone game and I do not regret the money I paid for it. It has brought me many laughs and much enjoyment - particularly as a long-time Tribes franchise player. Anyone else who played Tribes will understand. (It's all about the jetpack.)I know that some people don't really like the fact that this game introduced platformer elements and I respect that. However, as someone who adores jetpack and special jumping mechanics, I love this game. I honestly don't know if I will go back to BL2 after playing this.There are some complaints that there is not as much end-game content in this game as there is in BL2. I cannot speak to that because I have not gotten to the highest levels yet, but I imagine that they are probably not done releasing content for the game and that the endgame content people are wanting will be coming at some point.In conclusion:PROS:- extremely funny- good lore stuff, mostly centering on Jack but you do find out about other characters as well- fun jumping mechanics- better vending machines than BL2- more uses for the 'Eridian' equivalent (Moonstone in this game)CONS:- loot likes to fall through the floor a lot (supposedly turning PhysX down to low will help with this)- no loot goons (unconfirmed; I have not personally seen one but maybe they do exist)- due to the combat having a more vertical nature, this can be a bit harder to play on multiplayer than BL2 because of aiming when you're fighting airborne enemies and/or are airborne yourselfI hope that anyone who enjoys BL2 will give this game a try despite the mixed reviews - unless you really hate platforming kind of play, because this game does have some of that in it. I would imagine that the game is still worth it for the lore and other aspects though even if you're not fond of platforming."
,Not Recommended,261640,16620925,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mormon Jesus,Literally a giant reskin of Borderlands 2. Get it if it's lower than 20.
,Not Recommended,261640,16623309,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,alett.osorio,"This game is to Borderlands what the prequels were to Star Wars.With writing so bad that it seems Stephenie Meyer wrote it, and a story line so short that you finish it just when the game FINALLY starts pulling you in.So, to explain:The writing in the game is just not good. The humor is reduced to only sex jokes - which are fine in the first two games because they're interspersed with wittier humor, but this game only relies on sex tropes. As another reviewer put it when talking about one of the NPCs: if a character's only trait is that she is a lesbian then you are a terrible writer. That is only one of many examples of the limited scope of this game's characters.The game feels lazy, like it was a regurgitated Borderlands 1 & 2. Instead of feeling like Handsome Jack's story was being told, the game feels like they took old material, blended it together, put a few spins on it to sell it as innovative and then packaged to us for the cheap price of $59.99There are at least 4 loading screens whose sole purpose is to sell you DLCs. The playstyle itself I very much enjoyed, but without the story to make you care about the game you're playing, all you do is mindlessly shoot things.I could go on, but even reviewing the ways this game has failed is tedious.Like I said, fun gameplay. The main cons to this game are: length, quality of story, quality of characters, nothing innovative, price.If you can get this on sale for $20 then it might be worth it, but be sure to have low expectations when purchasing the game"
,Not Recommended,261640,17183227,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Soon™,"Other than the Jack origins, nothing of value here.Pros-Nisha, -Sir Hammerlock, Moxxi, Lilith and Jack (npc and pc)Cons-PRICE-Level design is mediocre at best-The supposed ""freedom"" of low gravity. A complete joke filled with invisible walls.-Humor is lackluster to say the least-Irritating npc's-Very limited farming opportunities-Easy to get motion sickness fromI wanted so badly to like this game, but it's not ""Borderlands"".The only thing they truly got right with this one was Jack's character arc and that's worth no more than 10$"
,Recommended,261640,18019601,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Apex Predator,10/10Gearbox deserves a High-Five!
,Recommended,261640,18018503,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,N0VaC,Best Borderlands so far.Playing alot with friends in cop.Story is funny as hell.Weapon drops after update realy nice.-------------------------------------------Just drop some more golden keys :P
,Recommended,261640,18025588,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,stamos,low grav pain and anguish mixed with pooped pants
,Recommended,261640,17976389,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Orio Milkshake,Space Australians are really nice people
76561198104542357,Recommended,261640,17978807,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,FUCK,"Good game but was dissapointed how it was ""codish"" in the way of how the game is extremely recycled."
76561198014533520,Recommended,261640,16831690,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,stijnelijn,"Alltough the game does not seem finished, i hope for more real DLC,  i had a fun time with this game.The map is way smaller then borderlands 2, also not as nicely designed.The low grav, i think about 90 % of my respawning deaths come from weird failling things now.The items, more or less the same as BL2.Its also just as addictive as BL2.A bit easier time getting loot with non-cheating. The lootdrop feels right this time.6 new characters, all offering a fun playstyle, quite impressed here.No slag damage as far as i have seen, which was a giant drag in BL2, big plus here.The 1 real DLC ignoring the nonsense battle arenas is in my opinion amazing, on par with the tiny tina campaign, i had a good time playing the claptrap DLC. For me this campaign made me give it a easy yes tumb.Well, can safely say the fight for your life mode got more disgusting then ever with the enemies now running out of sight during it."
76561198132082465,Recommended,261640,18138662,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sexual Lobster,I like it.
76561198088767636,Recommended,261640,18092717,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Doomsday,"I really enjoy the feel of the game. The ability to jump really really high is interesting to get used to but it's super fun when you get the hang of it! All in all a really fun game, would recomend!"
76561198089550197,Recommended,261640,18092971,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Rabbit,i loved the ending . amazing game amazing characters and gameplay love the borderlands series 8/10
76561197970966136,Recommended,261640,18114237,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,L3ni3r,"Definately one of the best and funniest CO-OP games around.  I say CO-OP because I wouldn't play this game solo, so much better with friends and the like.Loadsa weapons and side missions to do and each character has their specialities which gives the game a bit of depth. It's mostly carnage but that's what most FPS's are nowadays.Recommended."
76561198105066592,Recommended,261640,18694604,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Feralistic,"So, new Borderlands, played it for a while, decided to right a review months later. Here we go!So what's new? New characters, new moon physics, new element, new gun type.Unlike the old copy paste redux the characters were from  BL1 to BL2, the new crew are fresh, despite being preexisting characters in the series (Fragtrap takes all the copy paste for his own crazy ability, Vault_Hunter.exe).The physics are what you would expect, though the oxygen mechanic does add a sense of urgency for (most) characters dawdling on the moon.New gun type (fire ur lazors!!) Adds a neat little change, with the varying laser types catering to different wants and play styles, and the Ice Element is also a neat addition, one that definitely is felt when used and used against.The story provides some nice back story on the events between the first two games, gives an idea of how characters became who they are and answers some ""what happened to them?"" Questions.My only major gripes are that the base areas get to feel samey as you often frequent the same locations multiple times (but that's nothing new), and as much as it pains me to say it, 2K Australia made a good game, but a lot of the humor is very much so Australian based, so many jokes and references that aren't blatantly laid out or popularly known can be lost on some of the international audience.Overall, a few small other gripes and the above two keep it from being absolutely great, but, if you love Borderlands and want more Borderlands, here's some Borderlands in space."
,Recommended,261640,18676990,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,KLINKYThe3rd,Fantastic
,Recommended,261640,18514188,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Fides,One helluva party. Most of what I loved in BL2 with updated graphics and controls.
,Recommended,261640,18732085,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,nt,dank memes xD
,Recommended,261640,18784062,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Qskool,"This is the first Borderlands game that I've played on PC. I played and finished BL an BL2 on 360. After 10 hours of play I am very impressed with this game. It's similar to the other games in it's overall play style, mechanics, loot system, and mission progression but also offers a new and enjoyable platforming aspect due to the low gravity environments and boost mechanic. The vertical aspect of this game is a very welcome addition. Although I wasn't pleased that initial for character classes didn't have a pure sniper class, it was later added with DLC. This game is fun with great mechanics, a character progression system that gives you a personal attachment to your character, and tons of looting!This franchise isn't stingy with ammo or firepower. Itchy trigger fingers welcome."
76561198013088993,Not Recommended,261640,18784644,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ragz,"While the removal of Slag did wonders for end-game balance, the new Cryo element does something very similar, and the other new additions to the formula (Oxygen, Double Jump, etc) add very little to the mix.Still, the game's well put together at least, so it's worth buying during a sale - even if only to play it through once for the story and to experience playing as Claptrap.For the asking price though, Borderlands 2 is still a far better game for your money, and proabably always will be."
,Recommended,261640,18430438,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,No1 Survivalist,"Being an avid player of the borderlands franchise this is a MUST have to your collection. Some hate on it because it wasnt as long, some because the gravity mechanic is tedious. Well its not. It adds something different to the game which, in turn, makes it far more enjoyable to travel around the map. No longer running around, instead flying through the air waiting to butt slam onto an enemy.Yes its shorter than borderlands 2, but i thougholy enjoy the campaign and side missions. It leads onto very well having played tales from the borderlands and borderlands 2 so if youre a story junkie get to it!The weapons arnt as fun as borderlands 2, maybe i just havent found my favourite norfleet equivilent yet.. Regardless, the characters are so fun to play, they are all totally different and actually change up the pace when fighting different raid bosses.Get the game, join our group and loot stuff from places! :bandit:"
76561197965924832,Not Recommended,261640,18444046,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Grimmace45,"The DLC is a joke, wasted $30 on the pass.I missed out on the DLC for Borderlands 2, which turned out to be good! So I went out on a limb and trusted this one. Unfortunately I did not do my research on the game and developers. Essentially a linear plot, very grind grind grind somehow worse than BL1... With that said I paid $100 for the game, got 40 hours of decent entertainment.Meh. BL3 better get it in order.  7/10Fallout 4, I will also gamble the $30 pass on, hopefully i'm not disappointed."
,Recommended,261640,18438067,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Space B00ty,Borderlands 2 is better.
76561198109248256,Recommended,261640,18547201,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TheFleaMan,"Apparently, me and a couple of friends are the only people who like this game more than borderlands 2, and i've played Bl2 since lvl 50 was the cap, but i just can't stop playing this one, I like the Vault Hunters, their skills and mechanics a lot more than any from Bl2"
,Recommended,261640,18680208,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,l.schmidt,fun
,Recommended,261640,18666536,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Trinitron14,Borderlands keeps on getting better and better!
76561198024503898,Recommended,261640,18670199,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,superpan411,its fun. wont cure your aids tho so 9/10
,Recommended,261640,18845036,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,dab on dem hoes,"This game is worth every penny, if you enjoyed BL2 then this is the game for you!I know for a fact that Yoteslaya would enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, rest in peace good friend..."
,Recommended,261640,18857515,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,EnglandIsMyCity,"This game is great, however compared to Borderlands 2 it's not nearly as fun or funny for that matter. It is a finished and entertaining game though, also the anti-gravity aspect brought a lot to the game making it much more fun. Overall this game is good BUT only buy it on a sale dont waste your time with buying it at full price, Its's not worth it."
,Recommended,261640,18803510,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[RAF] Harbinger,"So, after playing the new Claptastic Voyage DLC, I gotta say I was not disappointed.  I can't wait to see what else Gearbox puts out for these games. Maybe if we're lucky they'll give us another new Vault Hunter to play, or maybe just more areas to explodify enemy faces in. Like a new version of the Badass Crater of Badass-itude for some OP levels. That'd be nice."
,Recommended,261640,18840753,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Vaginal Vinny,Another fine installment in the Borderlands series. The double jump and super-low gravity made it so much more fun!
76561198056361170,Recommended,261640,18881503,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Qwentin355,"It's not as good as Borderlands 2.Don't get me wrong everything is here that made Borderlands 2 enjoyable so on that I can recommend it but the issue is the environments, traversing on foot, great the environments are great, but in a vehicle there are too many obsticles sure probably comparable to Borderlands2 but the difference is, in the pre-sequel if you fail the jump you fall to your death where in BL2 you fell and had to make your way back. if the driving mechanics where vastly improved from BL2 this game could be great but constantly falling to your death because your back tire got caught on a rock while you were boosting to the jump, gets old real quick."
76561198013950535,Recommended,261640,12924721,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Park Jimin,a great sequel to the borderlands saga
76561198030668819,Recommended,261640,30790032,Posted: 28 March,all,mdfashionco.com FRESH SWAG,"More of the fun of Borderlands!If you liked the other Borderlands and dont care about a compelling story then you'll love this!If not, you might just get bored."
,Not Recommended,261640,23453502,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,It Rel Net,"TThe first playthrough of the game is great, along with the first playthrough of the dlc. But the game has no replay value, the bosses only spawn once, so you can't farm for loot, there are no headhunter packs or any mini dlc's to replay, there is almost no randomness to the game like in the other borderlands games, and you are almost forced to follow the main story. All in all a good game but only the first playthrough."
,Recommended,261640,23960658,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Average🍀4chan🍀Anon,"It's not bad, it's short."
,Recommended,261640,13233370,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,DDouble,"Over 200 hours in BL2 so even without much major improvement it's still tons of fun, also no one really argued anything new in the pre sequel would be groundbreaking."
,Recommended,261640,13238527,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,phris,Quite possibly my most favorite game in the series yet. 2K Australia did a great job on this.
,Recommended,261640,13258502,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Pax Garments,Bug Simulator 2014.
76561198008635517,Recommended,261640,13208956,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mike Litoris,"I really appreciate this one , they keep us busy while we are all waiting for Borderland 3 ;) !"
76561198034646328,Recommended,261640,13241807,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,lex,its awsome mind bending blowing stuff up running around IN SPACE  if u like boarderlands 1 and two then thisl hit the spot not changed mutch in a good way
,Recommended,261640,13241928,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[MUH] Neuroquila,"It's the same and that's good!Nowadays developers tend to reinvent everything while not doing so and selling this as a big innovation but speaking of Borderlands and this 3rd installment, it is refreshing to see that, well, nothing has changed at all. Normally I'd prefer to say that's a bad sign but ... not at all in this case.If you've enjoyed Borderlands and Borderlands 2  you surely want to enjoy this, too!However, it has some weak spots:- The class pool is too weapon centric, I'm missing here a Lilith-Maya-Something. I would describe this as lazy game design decision.- The boss fights are way too easy and the KI sometimes gets stuck-And even the endboss iss silly...!!!"
,Recommended,261640,13278482,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,J.J. Shoe-Pay,i found a gun that calls me a♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,261640,13271820,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chrizie,"Is it good? Yes. Is it badass? Yeah. Is it funny? Yeah they nailed the humor. 2K Australia nailed the essence of borderlands, being: Amazing story, cool characters, twisted humor and Lootfest. However, 2K Australia made no improvements to the UI. It's much like borderlands 2, and compared to borderlands 2 it adds very little in terms of cool new creative guns. Borderlands 2 needed an update for more bank and inventory space, and i needed that to store all my legendaries and uniques, and i still lack space for the amazing loot. Borderlands the Presequel lacks that overwhelming amount of new guns, and with the UI still as buggy and annoying as borderlands 2's broken UI in combination with the lack of fun or crazy new legendaries it sometimes feels like this is some DLC for borderlands 2 but without your awesome loot from borderlands 2. Never before was i so divided about a single game. The new mechanics, like oxygen and buttstomping were fun at first, but the buttslams' augmentations (through ozkits) made shooting unnecessary. You don't need to shoot in a first person shooter. I beat entire areas just with buttslamming and melee.Nonetheless, if you're addicted to the story, you need it. It's story and characters are as incredible as any other borderlands game and on that field it most certainly deserves it's title as a borderlands game. But in terms of shoving old guns, characters and UIs into our throats again and calling it new this game is incredibly dishonouring for a prestigious series as Borderlands. They litterally used ctrl+C and ctrl+v on the inventory, badass ranks and the base of the game, they said they'd use the old engine, but they used the old everything. They just took borderlands 2 and made some new levels, a new element which is incredibly overpowered. Get two shots to hit and they're icicles ready for smashing. Replacement for slag? Don't make me laugh because slag only increased damage, it didn't incapacitate the enemies completely. The new vehicles are quite boring and buggy (not beachbuggy kind of buggy but the glitched kind). And they made absolutely no sense with the oxygen. If you're high level you can spend a full 10 minutes without oxygen and still fight bandits. Where science would prove that your body explodes due to the vacuum that is space, especially on a moon without atmosfere, in borderlands you can run shirtless and your headbubble can fall off and all you will notice is that you may have a slight cough.There are some questions in the story that cannot actually be answered in a way that actually fits the story/characters. Due to spoilers i won't go into detail on those but i can asure you that if they kept true to the story then borderlands 2 wouldn't have happened and handsome jack would have been dead at the end of the game. Some of it feels a bit too forced, like handsome jack's intro, where he shot someone for the first time and got shot at for the first time, while he already had this incredibly annoying attitude of his where you would wonder why he wasn't shot before.All and all there are more annoyances in this game than there are glitches in the newest ubisoft releases, but if you want to keep up with the story you will have to play it, and it's still fun to shoot spacebandits (sounds lame when you think about it) in their faces. The few new guns are nice, though not as extravagant as the usual legendaries."
,Recommended,261640,12793715,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,BoxPanda,"Honestly don't let anyone tell you this is just a reskin of Borderlands 2, this is a complete different game with all new combat systems, abilities , characters, and skill-trees, not to mention a completely original and new story that perfectly stitches together both the first and second game.it does however recycle the UI from the last game but honestly that isn't close to being gamebreaking. I have played alot of it so far and not for one second have i gotten bored of it (which is near impossible with these days games.) and honestly i would recommend this to anyone that has a medium range pc and has a love for borderlands and or FPS games with a good sense of humor. if i would give a rating to this game truthfully, i would give it a    9.5 / 10."
,Recommended,261640,13275493,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,gtwolfman,"If you are a fan of the Borderlands franchise, this is more of the same good stuff. The sense of humor alone is worth playing the game."
76561198039845720,Recommended,261640,13263963,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,HDPsycho™,i love everything about borderlands
76561198034467351,Recommended,261640,13268070,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,V1taminC,"While i said yes on the Recommend question im only doing so with a grain of salt.Just so you know The earlier games are MUCH BETTER!but how? you may ask.Well simply put they dident manage to toss in enough of the humor, loveable characters and wacky bosses.In its own right its a alright game but it falls greatly behind Borderlands 2 in all kinds of ways.Do buy it on sale though and give it a whirl.It does have some highly entertaining silly side quests but the main story line just isent quite there."
,Recommended,261640,13289133,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TFFrienderman,"Great game, had a lot of fun playing claptrap but I just wish that they would've made more of their own legendaries instead of just re-skinning some old ones."
76561197979386124,Recommended,261640,13290776,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,RuFiO! DuBs All DaY!,A great game to play with a friend..
76561198025910899,Recommended,261640,13291134,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mon-kay /gif/,"like the gameplay but the replayability of the bosses is a real game breaker, you can just grind up leg's for new ones without farming much"
,Recommended,261640,13126005,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Zain / Fringie,"I was really looking forward to this game but I was a bit disappointed. It seems this game would be better as a dlc for borderlands 2 vs being it's own game.The good:The new additions to combat overall are great.The performance is better than borderlands 2 while remaining graphically impressive. None of that stuttering crap you see now adays with AAA games.The bad:The new versions of the classes aren't as fun as the old ones (I've tried the lawbringer and I normally play as Athena), claptrap looks like it's a fun class to be (I haven't tried it).The gameplay wasn't especially good, I was really hoping to log a lot of hours on it but I didn't.Conclusion:Good game, not as good as Borderlands 2 in my opinion. Worth buying on a sale."
,Recommended,261640,13146671,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,lol,"Really fun game, new content such as the oZ kit and the laser type weapons, and the whole moon is Australia! Still has the same comedy as the other games and I loved it!"
,Recommended,261640,13147256,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ksab,"A little about me: I'm a completionist. I haven't finished the game yet, but I have completed all of the side quests so far. I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of borderlands 2.Short story: 9/10, would bang.Long story: 8/10Character Analysis:I have tried playing all 4 characters so far (not including the DLC character). Personally, I like Nisha and Wilhelm. Athena, while cool, is more of a melee character. Melee in this game kind of sucks. Enemies can jump away from you and they will just run backwards faster than you can and shoote you while you chase them. Claptrap, while fun to play, makes the game more tedious. For someone who just wants to get through the game as fast as possible, claptrap would be a good choice. Wilhelm, I find is more like Axton or even Maya. I like him because wolf and saint allow you to camp back if you need to or will get you a kill if you get downed. Nisha, I think is just fun to play as because of her abilities.A few more things about the characters, and this is just me guessing. So, I have only played each of the characters, except for Wilhelm for about 1-2 hours. Some interesting things I noticed. 1) Athena seems to have the best drops and 2) Nisha starts off with the best weapons.General Comments:- In terms of the story, if you play all of the side quests, you seem to forget the development of Jack, which is honestly what I was looking for in this game. Personally, If I could do this again, I think I would just play the main quests and then replay the game with all of the side quests.- The map seems alot smaller than in BL2, which I guess makes the game seem as if it has less content.- Enemies are harder to kill as they are smarter. They will hide from you when you are in fight for your life mode (this leads to one of the reason why I like wilhelm -- his termination protocols skill which allows you to walk in fight for your life mode--).- Also, the drops from machines are much better than BL2.- Quite often, if you do the side quests at least, you are 2-3 levels higher than your enemies, so the best weapons are from machines.- I do whish enemies would adjust their level to match yours or at least be closer to yours. Even if you complete all of the side quests, you will find yourself being rewarded with a gun or shield 5-7 levels below you. It is almost impossible to complete everything at the level it is assigned to you, as you just will level up before you can complete the side quests. Consequently, I find completing some of the quests more tedious than rewarding. This was a simmilar problem in BL2, however.Look, whether or not you want to pay $60, or whatever it costs, I think its hard to argue that this is a bad game. It is very simmilar to BL2, but then again BL2 was simmilar to BL1. BL2 had better graphics than BL1 fo the most part, with the addition of some game mechanics. Personally, I would buy the game again, mostly because I like borderlands as a whole, but also because I had fun in this game."
,Recommended,261640,13148064,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Black hat,fap fap fap
76561198073530020,Recommended,261640,13148554,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MCFirewalker,"It's a very good game in my opinion but its just too damn short for 60 bucks, i would suggest buying this game when its on sale for at least less than 50 dollars, don't get me wrong this game was really fun and its story was fairly good, however it was the length of about two Borderlands 2 dlc's, I just can't justify paying full price for this little content, however that is really the only major drawback of the game 8/10 if bought at the right price."
,Recommended,261640,13065660,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Rene Kjøller,"If you like two other two, you're going to like this too."
76561198009420032,Recommended,261640,13066648,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,DaBlueSkittle,"Couple Cool Concepts but overall dissapointed in it , was much mroe impressed with the second one"
,Recommended,261640,13068085,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,lukestarrs,BLOODY AMAZING GAME
76561198056546074,Recommended,261640,13068151,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Panties!,So gooood!
76561197972363978,Recommended,261640,13070003,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Evil3eaver,"Great game, love the linux support which is why I have bought everything you've released and all DLC's. This game has all the good of the first two BorderLands plus the element of flying and lasers W00T!I like all the new features especially the grinder, allows for more versatility and less repetitiveness. If you like the first two you will love this one too."
76561198041166317,Recommended,261640,13158847,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Byraganon,♥♥♥♥♥ cash yo
,Recommended,261640,13160514,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DanSlayerxD,I've been a big fan since my the orginal and it can only get better! its a game you'll never get tied of playing and the loot and money is the best part ;)
76561198093101713,Recommended,261640,13160903,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,THE SHARK,Its really good game.
76561198009233732,Recommended,261640,13118943,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,r3voke<3,♥♥♥♥ing awesome! WIll have to get abck into it :D
76561198151420400,Recommended,261640,13122554,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,frigateaboatit,great game
76561198000116184,Recommended,261640,13105908,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,S.A.W.Viper,"Fun game that explains the story prior to Borderlands 2. Shows Jack wasn't always so heartless, or was he?Lots of traveling but if one picks up all side missions available it isn't too bad. The oxygen mechanic had me a little worried, but it's not even noticible unless one is exploring or using a lot of buttslams."
76561198091031602,Recommended,261640,13107665,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,pablovanbostelen,It' a great game with huge replay value.It's got everything you loved about bl2 and more.
76561198069808195,Recommended,261640,13108575,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,killerSNOWDROP,"ok yes i am an addict when it comes to borderlands & though this is not quite on par w  BL2 i love it,  at first it took me a bit to warm up to this game, (i played as claptrap which is great for first time play through due to his not needing oxygen)i beat the game pretty fast and am on my next play through w clap but i downloaded the jack dlc & since the day it hit love playing the game with him, so far i have played with wilhelm (level 11, claptrap level 30 now TVHM & jack level 19)the skill trees are very cool each one takes many of the coolest aspect of the skill trees & buffs from the BL2 vault hunters w little smattering (or more) of mechromancer everywhere,i will say that overall playing with claptrap is the most entertaining if you can get past his annoying voice, just getting to torgue fiesta in skill tree 1 was great but once i saw Pirate Ship i laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off!i did purchase the game at full price which i do not mind since i get so much play time out of borderlands, i think so far the characthers i have played have some very unique skill trees & different abilities that can work well with solo & co op, i play solo so so far it has been great.Most unique part of the game- the grinder (have recd 3 legendaries so far)Slight bummer- earning money but then if it was too easy to earn money it would be too easy to buy those big fat legendaries in the machines which even if they seem sucky at times are great to add to your grinder recipes!NOTE: one of the best parts the game has taken from BL2 UVHM is that the bosses & characters level up when you go back to your level in many cases, i do wish there were more repeatable bosses but as this game is still  new i am sure many little add ons, dlcs & level cap are soon to come.cheers!"
76561198064162008,Recommended,261640,13048097,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Electronite,"It's Basically Borderlands 2 with jetpacks (sort of). Plus 4+ new characters. I bought it because I wanted to play as the new Vault Hunters, they are pretty badass. Recommend checking out their skills before buying. Otherwise buy on discount."
76561198098229578,Recommended,261640,13048393,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,BadlyDrawnFox,"Do I think that this should have been a DLC for Borderlands 2? No. Do I think that this game should have been longer? Yes.The majority of the negative reviews that I have read complain of a similar style to BL2 and that no real work's gone in to the game, arguing that this should therefore have been released as a DLC for BL2. Whilst I agree that minimal changes have been made to gameplay etc. I wouldn't say that this was neccessarily a bad thing considering how good the previous games were... and I've yet to find a DLC for any game which gives you anywhere near as much as this game does.Whilst I wouldn't neccessarily call the game short, it is without a doubt a shorter game that BL and BL2 and although this can be a little dissapointing in comparison, I didn't finish the game feeling too short changed.8/10"
76561197969649768,Recommended,261640,13049776,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Slammer,BUY IT ON SALE! NOT WORTH 60 BUCKS!
76561198022598563,Recommended,261640,19338815,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gigi426,"I only recommend this game if you're really into the series.  After the huge success of Borderlands 2, the Pre-Sequel is underwhelming but makes up for this with new characters, new skill trees, new abilities, and some new systems.  You can now use oxygen tanks to add height to your jumps, adds another physical attack to your arsenal, and some challenge to the game itself.  You'll find reoccurring characters in the background or discover more about them.  My favorite addition is combining guns to make something new.Don't play the Pre-Sequel for the story but for the humor and some new gameplay."
76561198144592487,Recommended,261640,19335811,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mint,"Really good. If you liked Borderlands 2, you will definatly enjoy this game. I personally feel that the gameplay isn't quite as good a Borderlands 2, however the jokes in this one are better, the story is incredible and the easter eggs are all the more abundant and obvious. Also, unlike Borderlands 2, this game is quite exciting from the beginning."
,Recommended,261640,19332005,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,parallaxe,"It's not as good as the second part, nevertheless i had quite a lot of fun."
,Recommended,261640,19337456,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,الحمار البول القرف,♥♥♥
76561197997670190,Recommended,261640,19343583,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,atitec,"I think this is the best Borderlands so far.Missions are rather more obvious as they come one after the other. Won't get confused on what you actually have to do, all indicated and ticked when it's done. Although, you can change missions in this version too, still a lot better then the rest.Another feature is the distance that you had to do in the previous two games. No more walking for miles and miles. Won't get tired any more.Action pack and well designed levels. I'd say it's a lot more fun this way.One bad so far that I'd like to mention, if you stop playing, and save and exit, next time you have to walk all the way from the beginning of that level. I think it's a bit silly as the games is full up with check points.Well done 2k Australia!!!"
,Not Recommended,261640,19382212,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Danyul,"The story and humour are severly lacking in this one. Then there are the numerous bugs like npcs appearing in different poses in co-op mode (making crits and sometime hitting impossible), them being able to fly and shoot through walls.Worth one playthrough if you get it cheap and enjoy the story...otherwise don't bother. YAWN."
,Recommended,261640,19362849,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Aaronimusha,"Is it as good as Borderlands 2? No. Is it still a lot fun? Yes. If you like Borderlands, chances are, you will like this one, especially if you like jumping and gunning and slamming on your enemies."
,Not Recommended,261640,19367970,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Soggy,"If you're a fan of the Borderlands series, buy it and play it for the story.If you're new to the borderlands series.. DONT GET THIS GAME:I spent 700hours in borderlands 2 and in this game? 47.3 hours.I dont think this game can be called a game alone, more like a DLC for borderlands 2 tbh.."
,Recommended,261640,19380324,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Super Hans,Trigger Warning: Australians
76561198008715312,Recommended,261640,19379523,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Squilliam,jetpacks was a good idean
,Recommended,261640,19379995,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sir. Doffins,I got more enjoyment in this game's tutorial then 2 hours of the comedy channel
,Not Recommended,261640,18423351,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,duffed110,Just feels boring
76561197987556672,Recommended,261640,18378710,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Chocobilly,"Really no gameplay updates from Borderlands 2. Different characters and different specials are about it; plus the low grav stomp thing adds a different element that makes it a lot more action based. I do like the backstory on Jack and the fact that the interactions change with Jack depending on which character you play. If you're into the whole Borderlands lore thing, definitely get this one.Not enough Tiny Tina though. >_<"
,Recommended,261640,18403024,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,kneegrow67,Great game! I love the whole series.
,Recommended,261640,18008947,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,BiasedGiraffe,"Definitely not as good as Borderlands 2, but still a great game. 8/10"
76561198190286963,Recommended,261640,18221323,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Im-Awful,Great game i am a big fan of the borderlands series all that is wrong with the game is that it is sometimes hard to navigate certain areas and some of the flying and high jumping enemies get stuck on and in the celing and i had a scav run through a box prop and get stuck inside that great game over all but has a few issues10/10
,Recommended,261640,18039037,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,HOLOTAPE,"Tons of fun, though a little short."
76561198118287525,Recommended,261640,13552561,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sebastion,Great game
76561198062405093,Recommended,261640,13552864,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,WowItsRob,Love Borderlands just feel this game was alittle short
76561198039146774,Recommended,261640,13552943,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,A.L.F.,love it ....
,Recommended,261640,13561670,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nitrofire36,Fun
76561198054784826,Recommended,261640,13562420,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dick Hurts,This game is AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,261640,13564369,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bearcatsfan117,A solid follow up to Borderlands 2 in the story department but overall it's a bit lacking gameplay wise. It's more of Borderlands 2 but world feels really desolate and empty while in Borderlands 2 it's the complete opposite. The o2 system isn't really used much towards the end of the game and also the A.I. makes use of the butt slam A LOT. Like I said though it's a good game just not a great one like Borderlands 2.
,Recommended,261640,13565132,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ogmok,"Not as good as Borderlands 2, but nice if you get it in a sale.It feels like ""one new BL2 DLC that got 4 new classes to play"" --> it ""feels"" like some kind of ""BL2 Season Pass 2"".You'll also see different Claptraps and you can even play one which is nice.I got 4 points to criticize:- the price: it's too short compared to Borderlands 2 (maybe as long as the Tiny Tina DLC). I got it in a 50% sale and personally wouldn't pay more.- time-killing sequences: The game will ""steal"" your time needlessly: you can't skip conversations and often you have to wait until you get the next quest marker. Or you have to wait until that NPC will finally open the next door...- Sidequests sometimes take a lot of time and most of them give lousy rewards (often it's like one blue weapon and some xp that's about as much as killing 10 enemies at your current level - and often they need at least 10-30 minutes and you have to fight through a whole area for it). There are rewarding ones, but most of them are not in the first playthrough.- the DLC: The season pass got the usual ""buy 3, get 4"" price, 50% of the season pass got released. #1 is an arena (I didn't hear one single good word about it, but it increases your max level by 10), #2 is a new class (Jack's Clone). There will be one more Class and one more area. --> wait until it's in a sale, if you hit lvl 50 with your character(s) or if the coming DLC are awesome. Right now it looks pretty disappointing (exept for the level increase)."
76561198127903316,Recommended,261640,13512278,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jonman14,"All in all i would say this is an amazing game definately worth your time. However as a big fan of the second game i can't say it does better then that at all. it feels like all the new features, like the butt slams, and laser weapons, and talking vault hunters, are mostly just there to be expirmental for future sequals rather then trying to be there own thing here. those things are implemented well though so i do hope they make a return at some point. all in all you should totally play but don't make it the first borderlands game you play. make it Borderlands 2"
76561198155410772,Recommended,261640,13513310,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheEnabledPC,Better than 2!
,Recommended,261640,13516361,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rease is Cool,as far as i got into the game. It is a great game that i highly reccomend
76561198063412143,Recommended,261640,13516803,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,datcat,"Heard bad things about it,  none of those happened to me.  Best story of all the Borderlands games in my opinion.  Don't let the bad reviews turn you away from this game."
,Recommended,261640,13518165,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mercy,"Суровый непробиваемый киборг, убивающий своих врагов за пару глотков воздуха, шныряет по гибельной, кишащей враждебной жизнью луне Пандоры в поисках легкой наживы, натравливая своих металлических друзей (его единственных, настоящих друзей) на кучки обезумевших врагов, которых они крошат на куски, пока он сам придает им вид хорошо прожаренной плоти, которая позже послужит кормом для еще более безумных созданий этих мест.Мой персонаж мне почти полностью понраился, хотя мужика с имплантами в голове можно было сделать поумнее, но все равно норм. Думаю с другими персонажами тоже будет не плохо. А звуковое сопровождение и графический стиль вообще сильно радуют. Не говоря о том что тут и сюжет и персонажи интересные. Я редко бываю чем то доволен в играх, но эта меня зацепила."
76561198074668338,Recommended,261640,13555503,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jesus,awsome
76561198063545668,Recommended,261640,13556064,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ultimaleo,"Borderlands The Pre-Sequel is the new addition to the Borderlands series. Keeping the features you either love or hate, while adding new ones such as lasers. Gearbox attempts to add enough spice to keep you invested in otherwise what would be a repetitive and boring game. Question is, did they succeed?Well, to be honest, they didn't. The beauty of Borderlands 2, was the unique drops, enemies and the fact you got to get interesting loot whenever you killed bosses. You almost never managed to get 2 of the same item. However, most of the weapons, if not all are ported from the original, including the orange ones, the most unique and rare weapon grade. Bosses that drop these rare weapons can usually only be killed once for a chance of their rare weapon, and if you don't get one? Bad luck.I believe the main reason for the drop in quality, could possibly be the fact the it was left to 2K Australia. Though I'm happy we get to produce a big game for once, they really dropped the ball on this one. Not only did the lack of variety in unique weapons leave me just using a laser to destroy everything, they made it even more boring by really just using 3 main enemy types. Unlike Borderlands 2, which has skags, nomads, psychos, spiderants, and lots more as well as many variants for each type which have their own weaknesses and strengths. You really only have the scavs which are the Pre-Sequel equivalent of marauders, torks which are essentially spiderants and the shuggaraths which only appear on one map. There are the lost legion, however these mobs are essentially scav but with better weaponry and shields. This lack of variety in terms of enemies means that combat is repetitive and boring.This repetitive gameplay could possibly have been fixed if the combat system had variety, however, there is still only one action skill, and despite the addition of lasers, combat still only consists of you holding your left-click mouse button while jumping around. Though there are things such as 'slams' which include you jumping in the air and then slamming on the ground. This could've possibly been an interesting concept, however in the few places where you can jump high enough to do even noticable damage, you would've been killed before you even got to the enemy.The driving system is still horrible, and the Pre-Sequel now tries to add some platforming as well, with the requirement of using jump pads as a part of every single story mission. Though this is fun for the first few, it gets ridiculously boring, and sometimes it feels like more of an effort to to get there instead of an experience.However, though 2K Australia really stuffed up in terms of gameplay, I believe it can't be all their fault, and this repetitive gameplay is due to the oil to water relationship between RPG and FPS games. As RPG games mainly have story based gameplay and you being able to make your own choices and create you own story, as if you are 'role-playing' as your own character. While FPS games mainly focus on gameplay where you shoot other people in multiplayer fights. Due to this, FPRPG's can't really get the best of both worlds as you can't really create your own story when you're just shooting your friends. Most FPS multiplayer fights include a fairly large map so that there are tactics in terms of, where are good sniping spots or where is the least likely place to get found by people, etc... while in RPG games you are greeted with a plethora of weapons, skills and choices where you can decide whether you want to be an Orc Cleric or something. These two main points don't really work well together, and this is emphasized here greatly where you only get one skill and all you can do when it's down is shoot people.I have to admit, for my first session of playing this game, I enjoyed the laser, the slams, and the no-gravity. But after that, it shine wears off and you can see boring game under. Like a new car, for the first ride you have a blast, then after the shiny coat wears off, you realise it's not as good as you thought, but you still drive it cause you can't be bothered to walk. Pre-Sequel is like that in how it has cool new features, but you get bored after a few hours, and then you still trudge along, just trying to finish it so you don't have to play anymore.Not to mention the massive amount of grinding you have to do between each story mission. This game makes me feel less invested as I progress the story, though it should be the other way around. On one side I want to see what happens next, but on the other side, to do that I have to complete side missions which all consist of: go to X location, do X thing, while killing enemies left, right and centre. Grinding could've been fun, but the producers refuse to give you reasons to do side missions other than xp and all you're doing is shooting the same enemies over and over.However, there are improvements on the story side of the game, where the little exchanges between characters allow you to get a small glimpse of who you actually are. However I'm still not satisfied with the lack of character and skill choices. The skill tree doesn't really give any noticeable gameplay changes other than passive buffs and there is close to no backstory. You backstory is essentially: X event/s happened -> somehow chosen to go to hyperion.Overall, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel is like a BLT burger, but filled to the brim with things you don't like to eat as well. It is worse in the fact that you have to eat the things you don't like as well. The content Borderlands The Pre-Sequel gives out is definitely not worth the full $70, being more around $30-40 mark. The story as I've found is great, and character development has improved, but to get those tiny snippets, you have to go through endless gun shooting of the same enemies which require almost no strategy. There are still barely and customisation choices in terms of gameplay and it's grindy as hell. While there are good new additions and improvements, the slump in gameplay really holds the game back.Borderlands the Pre-Sequel is like trying to find a diamond in a garbage dump. If you like searching through garbage, then it's a great game for you. If you're indifferent to searching through garbage, buy it when it's on sale. If you hate searching through garbage, even if there's diamonds, it's not a good game for you."
76561198088104311,Recommended,261640,13557899,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sauce,Its amazing. Period
,Recommended,261640,13558733,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The Dude,"It's a Borderlands game, of course it's amazing!"
76561198088745478,Recommended,261640,13559935,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Helointhian Cheezebiscut,"I'd heard from a friend that this game was almost as good as Borderlands 2, but if I was a fan of the series then it was the game for me. Now that ive played it, I can say that the game isn't almost as good as Borderlands 2, it is as good as Borderlands 2, but in its own distinct way. Its just sort of different.First off, this is definitley a Borderlands game not a cheap sequel produced for the sake of ""moar moneies."" They fixed that irritating gun holstering glitch that Borderlands 2 had where the whole gun would be sticking out over your character's shoulder. It is very much like Borderlands 2 in how it plays, but at the same time its got its own thing going on which I attribute to 2K Autralia's involvment which was a stroke of brilliance if you ask me. It breathes a great deal of new life into the sereis.While the pre sequel is smaller in sheer size to its predecesors, (one good look at the fast travel map confirms this) they've packed a ton of story into this one and seeing as its the future villains story at that, it rounds out motivations a lot. I actually really liked the doublesided aspect that the story creates where the bad guys aren't so bad and the good guys aren't as good as maybe you thought they were. After seeing what happened i can actually understand why Jack hates the crimson raiders so much."
,Recommended,261640,13560306,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,=TKZ= Sgt. Rock,"Good game play, strong storyline and great new maps.  Ability to use weapons from vairous stages and more.  Check out the latest, and love it."
,Recommended,261640,13561050,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MadCarlos,Great Game!
,Recommended,261640,13561134,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Discarded,"While not quite as good as Borderlands 2 this little game is worth every penny, especially if you are a fan of the series. Plus you get to play as Clap Trap! ;)"
,Not Recommended,261640,14276287,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sloaking,Its just.. eh
,Recommended,261640,14249872,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Fuse,"Borderlands has always been a really huge favourite of mine. Borderlands 1 was amazing, and Borderlands 2 was sublime. In the end I'll always think of the series as worth the hundreds of hours I spend on each one. However I do have to say that The Pre-Sequel does seem the worst of the trio.Borderlands 2 had literally days of content before the end, and almost more post game content even if you didn't buy a single DLC mission. Pre-Sequel is about half the length to get to the end even if you take your time and complete every mission, and with even less endgame stuff to enjoy after it's all finished.Also the enemies are kinda bland in this game, Borderlands 2 had an amazing repetoir of enemies to fight, from the lean and lanky psychos, to the heavilly armored and bulky marauders, the half mechinized Hyperion engineers, the shirtless badass bruisers or the hunched and hopping ratmen, and that's before you get to the non-humanoids.Pre-Sequel kinda has all the humanoid enemies all wearing the same black spacesuit, you can barely tell them apart until you read their nametags. And there are only 2 different non-humanoid enemies in the entire game.But is it good? Is it worth it? Oh god yes.Even if it is 'more of the same' it's more of the same in the best way. You still have the amazing plot writing, the extremely fun running and moving, the bazilion weapons to collect and use which all feel drastically different to wield, and of course the versatility to create your own playstyle.New in the pre-sequel include a whole new weapon type, or types rather considering that the new Lazer weapons are so varied in how they shoot that they're barely comparable. And the dropping of the overcentralizing Slag element in favour of the new Cryo element which seems nether overpowered like slag was in BL2, or useless like Corossive was in BL1. It gives a serious damage amp to your shots just like the aformentioned ones, but only to certain shot types, giving serious power to what would have been weaker normally. And the dropping of underwhelming relics in favour of fun jetpack-like Oz kits which let you do extra attacks and doublejump, speeding up your traveling across the map considerably.The new vault hunters are also very new with their own unique playstyle and skills to use, many of which are unlike anything which has come before.I am going to sink loads more hours into BL;TPS before I do eventually go back to BL2, that's for certain.Also you get to play as Claptrap... which is pretty neat."
76561198059408853,Recommended,261640,14250321,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Zim Zam The Space Man,;)
,Not Recommended,261640,14253000,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,hoi ! (✿◠‿◠),Oxygen Simulator.. Died from farting in the air.. 10/10 would talk like an Australian again..
76561197960426753,Recommended,261640,14253738,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,-CML-Hasbrok,"I feel this could have / should have been so much better. The low gravity in space thing is slightly cool, from what i've played some of the locations just make you want to move on as quickly as possible to the next.Being able to play clap trap is awesome, espeically when you first pick him and the game asks you 3 times if you are sure you know what you're doing and really want to play as him because you know what he's like. Playing Coop with friends and getting random action skills is funny, for all about 5 minutes. It just becomes more of a problem if you are actually trying to play the game.If you're going to get this, grab it on sale. 7/10"
,Recommended,261640,14254117,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sireli,This is everything that was good about the 2nd game plus more. The writing and gameplay make for a really fun game
76561197979095986,Recommended,261640,13752430,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Rock,"More of the same cell shaded gun toting bad-assery as it's predecessor GUNS GUNS GUNS. Funny dialogue. good purchase on sale!...LaterWell, it's pretty much the exact same game as the first. Different story, same game. Glad I got it on sale. Wait for deep slashing sale."
76561198006651064,Recommended,261640,14261085,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Xyevs,Claptrap is the best!!!
,Recommended,261640,14261889,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SakJur,"Borderlands - now with doublejumps, shields and lasers!"
,Recommended,261640,13978277,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Grief,"I won't write a lengthy review.Its like a DLC with >30$.new thingsOxygen mechanismLaser gun4 new playable characterother is almost the same as BL2.ConclusionRecommended to whom looking for a BL story.Not Recommended for whom looking for new experience.Anyway, I actually enjoy the pre-sequel story so i recommend this game."
76561197970588703,Recommended,261640,13978825,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,thrasher43,"Like most reviews i've read, I think The Pre-Sequel falls in between Borderlands 1 and 2, but it is ultimately a fun game.Pros: I like the class abilities more than the previous two games.  Butt-slamming (chuckle all you like) is really fun and effective when done properly.  (chuckle some more)  Lasers, albeit the only new weapon, are really cool.  The best thing about the Pre-sequel is the grinder.  Being able to grind 3 purples, cross your fingers, and possibly walking away with an orange is pretty cool.Cons:  It's too short.  I was only level 25 when i beat the game the first time and that's including all available side quests.  The space IDEA is cool, but causes two big irritations.  I like to explore and with your O2 meter constantly depleting, it seemed like i was always running to find O2.  Also, you tend to fall into lava and/or chasms on a pretty regular basis just trying to get from point A to point B.  Lastly, there really isn't a very diverse number of baddies, which indirectly leads to a little bit of gameplay imbalence.  I never had the need for a corrosive weapon, for example."
,Recommended,261640,13980246,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Wormri,"It's been said that this game is just an exact copy of the previous one, a statement which I cannot agree with.This game may feature the same old humor, but it adds a lot more enemies, new environments, low-gravity mechanics, new loot, storyline, characters and overall a more challenging game.I recommend this game with all my heart.Also I have no one to beat Ultimate Vault Hunter Deadlift with."
76561197969314552,Not Recommended,261640,13888930,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,AtomicPenguin,"The game is criminally unfunny, the missions are irritating fetch quests and the only memorable characters are from earlier games in the series.It also feels painfully unbalanced, where my shields are almost always so crappy as to be useless and my weapons either do damage or are accurate enough that I can hit something with them, but never both at the same time.Since it has none of the charm of BL2, it has to live off its gameplay but the new moon mechanics are more irritating than fun. The O2 requirement can be generally ignored and is just a nuisance, and the jump mechanics just serve to make everything feel loose and floaty when I'd prefer tight and responsive.Not a terrrible game but not worthing bothering with either unless you really love Borderlands, in which case you probably already own it anyway."
76561197975358563,Recommended,261640,13991131,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,BadmunkyWRX,"Vary fun game!Has a few glitches, but still a great game.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,14040399,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,CutthroatPrune,are you looking at my hours on this game? Good because this was how long it took for me to beat it the first time and compared to the borderlands 2 lengthy campain of 40 hours is just unacceptable. the map layout was also quite  unimpressive. The lack of effort in map design is really shown due to the fact that the game always has you going either north or south to do a objective. The map is practically one big line with nothing interesting in it. Although due to the unsatisfying cliffhanger of a ending this game was all just build up for borderlands 3 obviously and the addition of Athena being in borderlands 3 as well
,Recommended,261640,14033466,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cool Black Space Man,"Its borderlands. Just from the series title you know its going to be a great game. However, I do have some small critiques. I played both bl and bl2, and loved the series. This game, however, didnt seem to draw me in as soon as I started. At the point of this review I only have an hour played, so I will continue playing. Overall, great graphics, game and story. Highly suggest.Good for:People who like a challenge, but also enjoy fun, looting, anti-gravity, great custimiztion, and much moreBad for:Peopl who don't like fun."
,Not Recommended,261640,13985806,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Incurian,"What does Star Wars have in common with Borderlands?  It was a great series ruined by a prequel.This game is not funny, and not fun.Don't buy it.  Not worth it.  Go replay Borderlands 2 instead."
76561198033980480,Recommended,261640,13986873,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Eudas,"If you liked the first two installments of the borderlands series, this one will not disappoint. No major changes to the mechanics but still a quality offering for the entire series."
,Recommended,261640,13987585,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Rugger for life,It is fun and amazing.  it is kinda annoying to play on the super low graphics settings.
,Recommended,261640,13965841,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Zoobamafoo,A good addition to the Borderlands titles. If you've played the previous games it's a good addition to the story and the gameplay is fun. Even if you haven't played any of the previous Borderlands it's still a very enjoyable FPS RPG. I can't wait for the DLC.
76561198004692571,Recommended,261640,13966843,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Orkin Man,"Bottom line is this: if you liked Borderlands 2, and you overlook that this is really just a huge DLC of said game, then this game is fantastic. Personally, the story in this one isn't as compelling as the one in Borderlands 2, but it's still good. I would have liked to have seen a proper sequel, though.Final score: 7.5/10."
76561198058825955,Recommended,261640,13966930,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DoubbleDeath,"I liked the story in this game but I felt like most of the weapons were remakes and the effort was low, But Considering it is a story befor the 2nd game I can see why it is so simmilar, But why so much content for a story befor a story instead of just makeing Borderlands 3 ?"
,Not Recommended,261640,13969108,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MooCow,"Words cannot express the disapointment that is this game, if you love the borderlands franchise DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME, this game ruined the borderlands franchise for me. Which is tough to do, i put hundreds of hours into borderlands 1 collecting pearlescents and and hundreds into borderlands two, but playing this game i can't even finish the campign because of how much i hate what they did. This game is not even worthy of the title reskin. Please Gearbox, do not ♥♥♥♥ up the next game which you so obviosuly will be making from that cliff hanger of an ending."
76561197998940340,Not Recommended,261640,13949335,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,pbuttercup,1.  Glitches.  I'm so frustrated with the glitches.2.  Having this made in Australia . . . kind of killed the feeling.  Aussie's have different sense of humors than Americans.I'm torn to say it's worth the money.  The aggravation level has been high for me with the glitch issues.
76561197965198300,Not Recommended,261640,13949517,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,jjj,"I say no I don't recommend this, although that is only at full price. Wait until this game is on holiday sale next year. This didn't feel like a complete game and shouldn't have been priced as such. At its core it has all the elements of a borderlands game, although it definately doesn't have the same polish as the first two, it just felt rushed and lazy.. The things that made the first two games funny and enjoyable made this game annoying and tedious. I'm not sure if some of the writers or directors from the first two games left the project or something but they basically just took the things that made the previous games funny and beat it to death, at the end I hated characters I loved from the previous games.The missions.. well you can basically just call this game Borderlands Plan B. Every single mission had the exact same format.. Go here.. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥we can't go there, ok go here.overall 5/10, I still got through the game although I found myself hoping each boss at the end was the last one.You will probably want to play through this just to get all of the backstory that may be needed to understand all the plot in Borderlands 3, although you could always just watch the cinematics on youtube.."
,Not Recommended,261640,13950522,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,johncaveman12,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.... I was dissapointed. I got up at 4AM to play it, and I was dissapointed..Listen, this game is good, I was just dissapointed. First of all, the game is hilarious, super funny. I don't like the setting on the moon though. I hate having to get OZ constantly. It won't bother a lot of people, but I don't like it. The one thing that makes me so angry about the Borderlands games, is the DLC. It's overpriced. I didn't want to pay 60 for the game and than 30 or something for the season pass. As soon as I finish the game, a player addon comes out... SERIOUSLY? It's a good way to make money, I'd probably do it too.Anyways, the game is fun, for the most part. I sometimes find myself bored on some side quests.I personally was dissapointed with this game and I think a lot of people were too, but you may like it."
76561198106482172,Not Recommended,261640,13953775,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,*~Gun Sith~*,"It sucks,I waited to buy it because I had my doubts while my friends brought it for the inflated $60 cost and people on youtube playing it had glitches. I bought it on sale in December.Hardly anyone plays it now. Many have gone back to Borderlands 2."
76561198008987854,Recommended,261640,13954805,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bartminator,"This game is awesome !Funny, good gameplay."
76561197965483891,Not Recommended,261640,13943531,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Shackelfurd,"I have spent over 200 hours on BL:2 and loved nearly every minute of it. However this Pre-Sequel has just landed flat with me. Nothing feels special or that interesting, I can't even finish the game it is so stale. The characters you meet in the game are boring. Even the main characters you get to play with have nothing interesting to offer. ClapTrap's ability was funny for a few hours but even that just got dull.  If you are seriously desperate for Borderlands game or this is super cheap during the steam sale would be the only way I would recommend buying it."
76561198039889352,Recommended,261640,13970670,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Invisible Thread,"Feels like more of an expansion on borderlands 2 than a standalone game, however new mechanics within the game (the grinder, o2 kits and low gravity, etc) keep the game interested. Reccommended if you liked bl2 otherwise wait til its on sale.My main criticism is the lack of endgame content, and that's why I would never reccomend this game over borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,13970776,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Renegade Killer Bee,"I wanted to like Borderlands: TPS. I really did. And I do - just not as much as I'd hoped. I played the hell out of the second game, and given that I expected TPS to be more of the same, I’m surprised that TPS didn’t grow on me more. TPS works on the same, successful formula – but it’s just too much of the same.What to say? It’s Borderlands 2 with low-gravity, the same lucklustre plot and familiar enemy types. The low-gravity doesn’t make itself felt other than providing you more vertical routes throughout the game. The use of oxygen mechanics might as well not exist for all the difference it made to my gameplay.Then the guns. Of course, it’s unfair to expect that what’s essentially another Borderlands 2 expansion pack will have as many guns as the second game, but the paucity of unique gun options was disappointing. There are some familiar favourites (the Quasar and Rolling Thunder grenades, the suicidal Nukem launcher, the pointless Invader), but if I wanted a rehash of BL2 weapons, I’d play BL2. There are the new Laser weapons, but my inventory just became inundated with them about halfway into my campaign. When everything’s a Maliwan-barrel laser beam that burns through ammo at an indecent rate, I start craving a simple sniper rifle or shotgun. They’re good, no question, but there was too much of it.Essentially TPS suffers from the same things BL2 did. Perhaps playing so much of BL2 worked against me. I put down the second game having squeezed every drop of enjoyment out of it and had NO further desire to continue. Here TPS returns with exactly the same mission types. Go here – retrieve this or kill that – nearly get yourself killed – return. It was a formula that was tolerable in BL2 when I was new to the franchise, but it just doesn’t work on someone who’s played too much of BL2. TPS became a slog way before the halfway point.Then there’s Jack, whom I was hoping to like more. I liked him in BL2 and was hoping to get more insight into why he became a murderous, flaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I enjoyed him as a villain but I’d have loved to sympathise with him as a character.There isn’t any ‘why’ or ‘how’. Jack just IS a murderous, flaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There’s no expansion at all on the details uncovered in BL2 about Jack’s wife and his daughter, Angel.The plot hopes to explain Jack’s descent into insane megalomania. It doesn’t. Jack starts off with the appearance of being a harmless, bumbling idiot (his idiocy was reminiscent of a typical Claptrap unit) but he doesn’t really come across as being a hero at any point in the story. His desires have always come across as purely selfish. Even the ‘turning point’ (it seems), when he kills a familiar face and enjoys it, doesn’t come as much of a surprise. Borderlands is a bloodbath and always has been. The idea of Jack being a ‘good guy’, in any sense of the word, was dull and honestly, quite inconceivable (yes, it means what I think it means). And Jack is reduced to simply having been ‘good’ and later, ‘bad’.Yet, on further thought, Jack isn’t even what I’d call evil. Callous, certainly, but he’s more of a bored child with big dangerous toys, too many lives in his hands and a very deadly sense of humour. Perhaps “childish” is the best adjective, really. The idea of descending into evil doesn’t really work in a game-verse that utilises black humour (somewhat) and trivialises death. Yes, Jack killed some of his old partners and develops an obsessive thirst for revenge. But who in Borderlands isn't a murderous madman?And that’s Borderlands: TPS in a nutshell. “So what?”Play it and forget it.Rating: 5/10"
76561198060574396,Recommended,261640,14234070,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sergeant_Sundae,I Love the base game but I feel it isnt as good as I was expecting but with new DLC planned like the mind of claptrap I am excited for what is to come
,Not Recommended,261640,14236346,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ambien&Daiquiri,I feel ripped off
,Recommended,261640,13409701,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,G4H | Genoisawesome,Alright.Boss patch is coming in a few months.New characters are rather charming.And I've had a lot of fun with the game lately.I can change this to a recommended game.
,Not Recommended,261640,14167472,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HitMe!,"This game is fun but not as great as Borderlands 2. Plays the same and everything is pretty much teh same with new character and the Oz Kit ability to stomp in low gravity. I do not suggest buying this at full price. Wait for sale or price reduction.If you want the full Borderlands experience, buy Borderlands 2 with season pass."
76561197970384883,Recommended,261640,14168042,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,FHDA,75%
,Recommended,261640,16085552,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,-Bro-Xaero9,LASERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS..... Nuff said. Oh and Borderlands
76561198066412965,Not Recommended,261640,16125061,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,DRSwag,Don't buy it if you liked borderlands 2 end game
,Not Recommended,261640,15113328,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,The Stinky Cheese Man,"It's like the new spiderman movie before uncle ben gets shot, ""You can leave a penny behind, but you can't take a penny.""Except here, they didn't just take a penny out. They took away a feature (Eridium artifacts) while fooling us by adding Oz kits. Sure double jumping is fun, but the same cookie cutter formula gets old after a while and I was disappointed when I paid $40 (on sale) for the game and the season pass for the same bad level based damage style combat and the lack of any (iteresting) new weapon types. Not to mention that the iron sights on weapons are all too common and they make the weapon basically useless."
,Not Recommended,261640,15150465,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Leif the SunBunny,"I.... really wanted to like this game.  I really did.  Borderlands as a series is amazing and... well, hell, I'm all for a lore based game that ties up loose ends.  But this had to be th single most horrible money grab I have ever seen.  Where does one even begin?  How about with the poor writing?  Moxxie has all kinds of people killed all the time.  Jack has 4 scientists killed and suddenly she, and the whole cast, is up in arms ready to kill him.  The man who, in this story, wants to SAVE Elpis and Pandora both.  The man who genuinely feels a need to be a hero to people.  This is an admirable quality and yet... here we are.  Constantly dumping on the one guy who had any morals in the entire series!  It makes no sense to characters that are otherwise written to be sane.  I never used to hate lillith.  And really, spoilers for why I now do, so I'll let that be.  But let me just say, Handsome Jack is NOT a villain as of this game.  He's a man who was broken time and time again by an idiotic set of australian writers.  Nice job, guys.  Nice.  Job."
,Not Recommended,261640,15150522,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Charles Dicken-Around,"There are enough reasons that this game should be rated well below the first and second that I don't think the difference is great enough. I am an avid fan of the first two games and have played through them several times each to completion, however this game was a trial to complete even once. At that, it feels as though many of the characters are next to useless until the second playthrough and that tediousness and dying are built into the game. Completing this game was a chore, while playing the first and second is always an enjoyable experience.TL;DRGet the first and second on sale, enjoy several times more for several times less $$."
,Recommended,261640,15150591,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,jager shade,This game is basically the same as borederlands 2 just in a different box. The new machanic's are fun to play with and the new guns are really interesting and refreshing. but I seemed to be heavy on the lazer weapons. Recomend you wait for price drop to purchase game.
76561198037288338,Recommended,261640,15156652,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Rakso42,WoooooHooooooo! I can fly!
76561198147969912,Recommended,261640,15162428,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,geronimosal,BUY IT NOW
76561198137715442,Recommended,261640,15162802,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ChotaBhaijan,Gr8 b8 m8 i r8 this 8/8 no db8 why you readding this so l8
76561198016871562,Not Recommended,261640,15163847,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bun Bun,"I love Borderlands. Really I do. This game though... Ugh. It felt really drawn out and not very well made. I didn't pay any attention to the loot like some of the other reveiwers here have so I can't say how close it was to the loot from BL2.The Good Stuff:Butt slams are freaking awsome! Definatly something that falls into the keep that feature catagory.Skill tree balance. They totally improved the balace on the skill trees. I played as the commando in BL2 and had to pick some skills I really didn't want just to get to the ones I did want. In TPS I played as the enforcer and I have to say I have a hard time deciding which skills to take.The Grinder. This thing is extreamly useful. Another thing that falls into the keep catagory.The Bad:Walking. The areas are freaking huge and you end up walking for like 70% of the game. Which wouldn't be bad except all of the areas are the size of some of the bigger ones in BL2. Totally kills the interest in the game.Mobs. I play solo 99% of the time so when I walk into an area and shoot one guy and get mobbed by 10 more at once and 2 more waves with no breaks I get a little frustrated. Especially when I repeatedly go into Fight for Life or die.The DLC. This is really frustrating to me. I pre ordered the game with the season pass anticipating DLC on par with both of the previous games and instead I payed 30 bucks for 2 characters, an arena and a half baked campaign. I don't know about anyone else but I just about finished the claptrap DLC in something like 5 hours. Now I know its a DLC and its not going to be as long as the original game but seriously 5 hours! Thats a bit nuts. Especially for a borderlands game. Addmitadly I was over leveled when I played it but only by 5 levels at the start of the DLC campaign and maybe 7 by the time I finished. However when I did the same thing for the DLC campaigns in BL2 it still took 10-20 hours to do everything in the DLC. The amout of time I spent on TPS's DLC campaign is about equivelent to the amout of time I spent on 2 of the headhunter campaigns in BL2.The Useless:The lazers. I really wanted to like the lazers but they don't really add that much to the game for me. I would much rather Gearbox kept the cryo wepons and ditched the lazers. Not the most popular opinion but there you go.I really don't know what I'm going to do when BL3 goes up for pre order. I want to keep loving BL games but if the next one is anything like this I may have to find something else. In summery TPS should only be bought at a discount.. like 35 bucks and under. If you do buy it I would avoid the DLC unless you absolutly have to have it. Save the money and use it for BL3 when it comes out. This is a thinnly veiled reskin of BL2's engine and most of its guns.And yes I realize that I am not recommending the game and continuing to play it. So I'm a bit of a hypocrite... Suck it."
,Recommended,261640,15164505,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Angelusmortis,"I got this game to play as Claptrap and laugh my butt off. I was not dissapointed.Blightbot: ""Knock Knock""Claptrap: ""Who's there?""Blightbot: ""Wub""Claptrap: ""Wub who?""Blightbot: ""Wubwubwubwubwub...""Claptrap: ""You're dead to me."""
76561197970520668,Not Recommended,261640,15166035,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Medereyes,Side missions aren't optional if you want to keep your level on par with the main storyline mission. I got tired of the boring side missions and started skipping them. By level 23 I was 3 levels behind the main. That's poor design.
76561198128376501,Recommended,261640,15167852,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,PsyCHAOTIClutch,Borderlands is always a sfun as hell game
,Recommended,261640,15172594,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,saudade,Australian Space Simulator 2014
76561198149921735,Recommended,261640,15174466,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Emperor Purpatine,so far i do not enjoy the story as much as the other borderlands games. appart from that i love some of the things they added into the game.
,Recommended,261640,15175326,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Plumbo Jumbo,"While it may be like a standalone DLC of Borderlands 2, it fixes so much of it's problems and adds so much to the formula that it feels AWESOME. It's about 5x better than Borderlands 2.:3"
,Recommended,261640,15177296,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Cotton Majyk,You got a good lookin' main frame!
,Recommended,261640,15368871,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,gearyster,It's amazing. Great lgbt representation with Janey Springs also I totally ship janeyxathena and you should too
,Recommended,261640,15369478,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zphrya (◕‿◕✿),"Not quite as good as the second. Pretty fun game. If you're not playing Borderlands, then this game isn't for you. If you are, go crazy. I personally enjoyed the story. However, the humor wasn't as great."
,Recommended,261640,15606900,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[BLR]MeFodil,"1. And open!!!111oneone2. Space3. Lave4. Moxxi<35. Again lava6. Claptrap's Dances7. Omg it's again lava T_T8. idk why im writing this, instead of just play this awesome ...."
76561198047087494,Recommended,261640,15592216,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,droctogonapus22,This is a fun game with other players but I cannot seem to player it like I have with borderlands and borderlands 2.  Like the story that comes with it.  It is otherwise fun  but the dlc that currently comes with it is just too much for the game for how much they offer.  I was only able to play though normal vault hunter mode since I didn't have that urge to play the story again like I did in borderlands 1 and 2.I'd give this a 7/10
76561198059474318,Recommended,261640,15764416,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,DeadLock,"I dont know why people negetively review this game so much. It is exactly what you would expect from a sequel during this time of the video game age. If you compare the differences between borderlands 2 and the pre sequal, it is pretty much parallel to the differences between Call of duty Ghosts to Advanced Warfare; there is lasers and dubble jump, plus the best part; It is a white canvas for DLC."
,Recommended,261640,15744404,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,bazinga,I love this game.
76561198062440212,Recommended,261640,15746853,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,domina_exstacy,"I liked it. I love the humor and the grind fairly well. And yes, you will be grinding a lot for new shiny boomsticks. It seems a bit more compact that the last 2 as far as reaching the end though I have not quiet finished it yet. It is fundamentally a copy of the last two though so if you didn't like the first two overal all you might not like this one either. I was disappointed with the new anti-gravity sections only because it took skill to go high enough to do any real damage and the jump pads are very stratically placed so not as much messing around as I would have liked. Perhaps if they had unlocked more jump pads as you finished the area would have been cool. More environmental hazards to use to change things up was a plus."
76561198143528160,Recommended,261640,15769852,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Wamp,Enjoy catching up on the storyline between 1 and 2.  Just as entertaining as its predecessors.
76561198049269896,Recommended,261640,15772759,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Dank Engine,"A ton of fun. Not as good as the second installment (partially due to it being quite simillar), but still very well done.Ignore the holodrome DLC. Otherwise: I'm loving it."
,Recommended,261640,15628663,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,LaceYueLong,It's fun. Fun for the whole Family.I said it's fun. Jack.
,Recommended,261640,15283981,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Squiddlez,"TPS is an great game if you buy it for less than $30 USD, otherwise you might feel a lot of dissapointment. The level design is meh, the voice actors are okay, I'm not a fan of the low gravity as it doesn't really add much other than frustration when fighting enemies that are tougher yet not as memorable as those in 1 & 2, same goes for the NPC's, and the story feels rushed.Dlc's aren't much better either.Granted I have also played like 500 hours of Borderlands 1(mostly on an old account) and 2, so it could just be that I am tired of the series."
76561198078678232,Recommended,261640,15210678,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Wisemech,"The end game itself needs work, but the characters and story arc are great!"
,Recommended,261640,15211437,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Hikiz,"I recommend this to anyone who has, like myself, played Borderlands 2 to completion. Otherwise, buy borderlands 2."
76561198074814084,Recommended,261640,15664943,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lord Nerdlinger,"Got a lady-Bogan shotgun.Ran out shells and the gun yelled ""Stick 'em in me!"".....Shot some dude, and the gun yells ""F@@K yeah, I'm getting a lady boner!""......Best gun with a westie-slapper voice..... ever.GOTY-201411/10Funny as ♥♥♥♥.........that and the bit with ""Poop-Deck"".......... and the acid-shoes.........................RIP 2K Australia - you'll be missed   :'-("
,Not Recommended,261640,15661032,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,michaelsanchez260456,where is the split screen
76561198069084616,Recommended,261640,15657626,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Mozzy,"Awesome game, not as good as the second one."
,Not Recommended,261640,15657868,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Mentor b5,f*ck those people who made dat (40 m) cases without any notification. gl
76561198022510924,Not Recommended,261640,15710920,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Phoenix Wright,Feels like a DLC.
76561197972368707,Recommended,261640,15716330,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,⎛⎝ Mr Pennywise ⎠⎞,The only Con I did not like about the game is how short the game was.The game itself Is FUN to play.The low gravity and O2 supply things are a good touch.You get to play as new vault hunters.The laser weapons are fun to use.Just wish it was longer.
,Recommended,261640,15716868,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DarkRogue85,"This game is a must have and the best yet in the series. The double jump is a win for character movement and the weapons you find laying around are even better. There is still a challenge but it feels more balanced. The annoying claptraps offer more frequent comic relief but not excessive. One of the funniest characters, and with the DLC, one of the best to play as is Handsome Jack. It's not really him but a doppelgänger, but his holographic duplicates sure make any fire fight much more strategic and divided. The dialog change is also worth it to hear Jack interact with ... Jack.Definitely give this game a thumbs up and encourage you to get the DLC for the handsome jack doppelgänger pack. This game keeps me audibly laughing out loud the whole way through."
76561198015893120,Recommended,261640,15736406,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,madnes,"The Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Claptrap DLC I give credit to all who worked on creating it.  I give it 10/10!The maps, quests, guns, new guns, sheilds, etc...game play I really had a blast from start to end.  To create all that, code all that and make it work successfully to me is amazing!Maybe a few thing could have been improved, a huge game like that, tough to get it all perfect.  I recommend this game to anyone.All I can say is,  enjoy!"
76561198078386050,Recommended,261640,15741237,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,프랭크,superb game throu
,Recommended,261640,23576749,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,Fun to play with friends but could be considered repetitive to some people. A really good shoot and loot to play with friends!
,Recommended,261640,26071654,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Milk Man,"I have been a fan of Borderlands since the 2nd one. I never went back and played the first but I loved Borderlands 2 so I purchased this to try it out. I love it. If you have played Borderlands 2 then you would love this game. Everything is the same HUD, equipment type, skill tree (the concept not the skills. All new skills and classes), chest that you can open using shift account/gold keys, and etc. There are new things such as the ""OZ kits"" as they are called which are oxygen kits. You need these to breath on Elpis (Pandora's moon) in areas where there is no atomosphere. For the most part when you are on missions where you enter a fort/base there are breathable areas. Some people do not like this but grant it if you are fast at killing things then you will be fine because enemies drop Hyperion O2 refill that each one refills 25% of your max oxygen supported by your Oxygen kit. Also your oxygen does not deplete really fast. I am currently level 18 and most of the oxygen kits I have found are ~150 O2, which will last me about 2.5 minutes if I'm just standing there. There are plenty of oxygen sources as well through out Elpis. There are little square patches through out the outside of Elpis that contantly spew out oxygen that you can just walk over and refill your oxygen kit in a second or two.Anyway I reccommend this game to any Borderlands fan and any FPS lover that likes a little fun in their games. Borderlands is a comedy in a FPS. I love the little jokes they make and crazy character personalities. I hope you found this review helpful and please rate it :D."
,Recommended,261640,26040256,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dimaspante,"""If you shop anywhere else, I have you killed."". This never gets old.plot 8.5/10humour 10/10"
,Recommended,261640,26054679,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Eneokun,"7/10Recommended for any fan of the Borderlands series. If you are new to the saga, I recommend to play Borderlands 2 instead."
76561197969304324,Recommended,261640,26093288,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarthBinky,Super happy fun time!
76561198111406225,Recommended,261640,26096379,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,グローリー,"Basically borderlands 2 with low gravity , more guns ,and more characters ( player now have dialog in and out of mission instead the akward silence in the prequel ). This game introduce to the francise 2 new moves player can perform to gain the upper hand in combat : slam and double jump ( more like gliding in the air but still ) and it significantly boost the speed of the gameplay with the cost of mainting its juice ( Oxygen or Oz as ""moon"" called it ).The developer has worked hard on improving the skill tree with each perk the player takes develop a different gamplay style (Hand down that Fragtrap's ability stand out the most from this game). However , the game is litter with useless missions ( there are some missions require you to just meet the npc and  get paid for seemingly no reason ) , collision mesh problem ( random small edges around the jump that will screw up your vehicle experience big time and by the way , never trust the moon buggy to drive around ,it's a trap! ). The story about our hero John ( code monkey name of Handsome Jack ) is quite badly written but for the sake of anyone who want to enjoy it , I'm not gonna spoil it out.All in all , my experience with Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel is a mix bag but still , it's Borderlands and it's fill with old dead memes , who doesn't like it ?"
76561198028368113,Recommended,261640,26064372,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,JenChaos,"Meh. Not as good as the first two. Story is kind of lame, classes are imbalanced, I hate the playable female characters except Athena. I really hope they return to form for 3, would be nice to play a siren in new content. I'm assuming the DLC for this game is better than the main story, at least from what I've heard. Moon gravity was fun though, and cryo is pretty cool, but not a huge fan of laser rifles. Buy and play it to know the story and see the content, but don't expect much replay value."
76561198051890027,Recommended,261640,26088454,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,d3fau1t82,Fantastic game 10/10 would play for hours again
76561198256672436,Recommended,261640,26085145,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,dipyzu,"one bad thing about borderlands 2 being so good is that it might have gotten my expectations for TPS way too high. played b2 obsessively for a few days straight and was super excited to get this but till now, i have yet to finish even 1/3 of it. will still recommend it to fans though."
,Recommended,261640,27160914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BloodEj,♥♥♥♥TheLogic
,Recommended,261640,27209462,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. John A. Zoidberg,More Easter Eggs than on easter.
,Recommended,261640,27248303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OkamiKenshin,Not even that bad of a game
,Recommended,261640,27269165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meepwned,This game really makes me feel sad for everything I did to handsome Jack in Borderlands 2.
76561198039149960,Recommended,261640,27266881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,honeyham420glazeit,Butt Slams. Need I say more?
,Recommended,261640,27270178,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ZPS] WEB,This game is really fun. Love the seires.
76561198049897237,Not Recommended,261640,27270246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mak009,"Bought for $3 on sale, couldnt get myself to play for more than an hour. borderlands 2 is better in every aspect"
,Recommended,261640,27257652,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,beingDevisor,It's not Borderlands 2 but it's still really fun. Not as memorable though.
,Recommended,261640,27245796,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Remy Cajallena (Guevara™),good game but sometimes gets boring cause it is reptitive
,Recommended,261640,27252854,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,O'Reliable,Handsome Jack is awesome
76561198035685114,Recommended,261640,27309492,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FoxyRussianLady,"A less polished Boderlands 2.  The inclusion of no gravity changes up the game play slightly but not enough to feel a whole new game is warranted. I played Claptrap so luckily I didn't have to deal with Oxygen mechanic. Which is dumb and just puts a random timer on battles and random side quests.  The story is good and the humor is less meme centered than Boderlands 2.  Combat and loot are exactly the same as Boderlands 2, except with the inclusion of laser weapons, a new type of gun that's pretty fun and useful. In higher levels the enemies are still bullet sponges.7.5/10"
76561198004186754,Recommended,261640,16045124,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ZundPappah,Great game in the spirit of the original Borderlands series.. but it's taking too long for TellTale to release the next episode.
,Recommended,261640,16232594,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Noblemen,GREAT GAME!!!!
,Recommended,261640,16212916,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The_Crimson_Buttflap,"I have not played enough of this to give a most accurate review, and that makes me sad. Life has slowly crept up to me and at times i feel like ive become an...ahem (gulp)...ADULT. I have experienced adult things, i do adult things, and sometimes adult things get in the way of doing fun things. which is why i only have 21 hours of play. I love borderlands. I could never not love borderlands. the pre sequel is perfection incarnate and any fan of the series would be sorely missing out on this fantastic game.here's some advice: if you dont have to be an adult, DONT DO IT. this game makes me want to be a young teenager forever."
,Recommended,261640,16214438,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,CheekyMonkey,Carbon copy of borderlands 2 honestly i dont know why everyone says its♥♥♥♥♥♥ borderlands 2 was a great game. I think the game was a little dissapointing but what are you gonna do?
76561198082434411,Recommended,261640,15985697,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Big Boss,"My Honest Review as a Borderlands FanBorderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a bit of a tricky game to rate. It's by no means a bad game. But if you are a die-hard like some fans, or just really enjoy the game like I do, you might not be too impressed.THE GOODThe Game is still GOOD, no matter what you want to say about it. The mechanics don't stray far from its predecessors, the slight changes to some were honestly for the best.The new characters are fantastic. Athena and Wilhelm are definitely some of the most fun characters I have ever played with in a game. Nisha and Wilhelm definitely have very solid backstory built for them now, and you almost get a sense of grief in knowing that theydie in Borderlands 2.THE BADWhile the story itself is solid, the missions are some of the most redundant and repetitive bores in all of gaming history. Some missions are interesting and unique, but the rest are just ""Okay Vault Hunter, you can't do this yet. Go smack that button, run back over here, and try again. Ahh snap, something else happened. Go check that out too.""The layout and design of Elpis is very dull and it all looks the same.The same case with the new enemies. They all resemble the exact same thing, or pretty much are. There isnt much variation.The game feels like more of a huge DLC than it does a standalone game. The HUD is the exact same from Borderlands 2, and it really feels like nothing but a DLC.Something I was really hoping would be more overwhelming and destructive: The Lasers. They aren't too impressive. In all honesty, they're one of the most useless weapon-types. The only one even worth using is the one Moxxi gives you; they aren't living up to the hype.But, if you aren't a die hard, the bad really does pail to the good. It's worth picking up and enjoying, but do it when it is on sale, and save yourself the heartache."
76561198070118997,Recommended,261640,15990295,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,1 Speedy Boi,"A slightly different take on the series, now including lazers, low grav, and scavs galore, the game retains its colorful comedy and one-of-a-kind graphics. unfortunately the storyline created the feel of a borderlands 2.5 and not a true sequel. Eagerly awaiting Borderlands 3!"
,Recommended,261640,15976764,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,beastenheimer,Thoroughly worth at least a single playthrough. MP required to be enjoyed honestly.
,Recommended,261640,15541465,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,BossaNova,really good game
76561198140946428,Recommended,261640,15544833,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,►Soundwave |◘±◘¶,i wuv it
76561198069997381,Not Recommended,261640,15567334,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,24 Savage,oxygen ruined the game. i dont want to find an oxygen pad every 5 seconds.......
76561198111164432,Not Recommended,261640,15567834,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,beAstlyCHamp,how to sell a steam game not a true borderlands game. it lacked the funny remarks and it didnt bring angel in to where she will betray you in the middle of the game
,Recommended,261640,15569545,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,✪ Chico,"I'ts not as good as borderlands 2, but it's still a very fun game."
76561198067569107,Recommended,261640,15574541,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cwik,Awesome game!! Definitely worth purchasing w/ all DLC of course!!
76561198116299220,Recommended,261640,15574860,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Tesla,GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,16364078,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RHUARC,"SO far SO good. Feels a lot like any other borderlands; funny jokes, ridiculous guns, etc."
76561198127189788,Recommended,261640,16382018,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sanitarium919,I really really like this gamem there have been some changes but they changed for for the better
,Not Recommended,261640,16264306,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MURDERBOT 9000,"Pros: Similar combat/graphics that we know and love from borderlands 2.Cons: The above ^^ becomes rather monotonous without a decent story or top notch writing, which is where BTPS falls short, and where Borderlands 2 excelled."
76561198081605510,Recommended,261640,14698462,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dcero,"Better than borderlands, worse than borderlands 2."
,Recommended,261640,14700044,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,PogoFish,"Not quite as good as Borderlands 2 but still worth the time, probably not worth the full $70 though, wait for a sale or something.Gets way more s-h-i-t than it deserves, would reccomend."
,Not Recommended,261640,14457176,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Yuno Gasai (悲しい男の子),nope
76561198072590554,Recommended,261640,14573030,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Marchie,"It's okay. Feels the same as Borderlands 2, no real big content changes other than low gravity, new characters, & laser weapons. Good & funny story. Meh 7/10"
76561198016003941,Recommended,261640,14576095,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jdgonzo82,Just finished playing this game for a few hours and felt compelled to write something. This game is frustrating!! Not sure what has changed but it really annoys me...the level design...the crap feel to most guns....the same enemies over and over and over and over again!! I really enjoyed the first hour due to the changes that have been made but then all of a sudden I can't play for longer than 15 mins before I just want to quit out. I'm patient and have played hundreds of games...I love a challenge but something about this game screams cheap and desperate at the core. SO MANY FETCH MISSIONS!! So much...stupid annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...maneuvering the levels can be a nightmare and gun fights go from ♥♥♥♥ all to over whelming in seconds and only due to the game spawning enemies all around you. it's hard to describe but something is very very very very very annoying about this pre sequel. BEWARE!!
76561198092364060,Not Recommended,261640,14577598,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Steven,"In my opinion, this game is doesn't scratch the surface of being $60. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks so, either. To put it in short, this game is a re-skin of BL2, But I'm not one to go into detail about things like this. I've noticed over the past year or so that over-hyped games are usually a huge disappointment, and this game is no different. On a postitve note, if you want more BL2, you'll get just about that, appart from the rather ""floaty"" combat style. Floaty as in the game takes place on a moon with lower gravity than what you're probably used to in BL 1 and 2. Overall, this game is not worth the price. If you really, really want this game though, I'd recomend you wait for the price to drop to about $20, which it will eventually, just like BL2."
,Recommended,261640,14587034,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ｂｌａｃｋ tulip 夢愛人,"If you like the BL series this game is great. Even if you are new to it, it' still great. I played through BL1 and BL2 on XBox shortly after their release, and now after having migrated to PC I was not dissapointed. Great gameplay, awesome co-op (unless you use their matchmaking, then they ALWAYS without fail manage to screw up your mission, which is annoying- but happens in every BL game). I got the game for £15 ($30) in the steam sale, and I think it's worth every penny. I dunno if I would spend £30 on it, but hey - considering it's just a filler until BL3, this is 100% amazing! Thanks 2K, you managed to do something right. *cough*evolve*cough*"
,Recommended,261640,14591832,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TaktiskT,"I Like It!Some feelings about a big DLC, but can hold it's own pretty good."
76561197992971447,Not Recommended,261640,14592078,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Raggie,"Similar to BL2 overall. Not much improvement on the graphics side of it.Environment seems a bit stale compare to BL2, Hopefully future DLCs will make it better. Current DLCs are does not seem to be worth the money for a season pass compare to what BL2 had to offer.Replay ability is a lot lower than BL2 currently as content wise it’s pretty lacking. Sure you get to shoot LASER!! And have low gravity, but the novelty runs dry after 1st or 2nd play through with different characters.Clap-Trap seemed to be the most fun character to play, unfortunately it was the first character that I used thus subsequent characters seemed boring.Overall a 6.5-7/10. Wait for sale to buy the game. Or if you REALLY want to wait longer just wait for another year or something and get the GOTY edition."
76561198027758057,Recommended,261640,14643024,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Odd Dracul,"Hearing Aussie accents is surreal enough for an Aussie gamer.  Hearing a bogun shotgun?  Hilariously bizarre.   I could take or leave the lazer weapons, but over all I thought this game was great and the low gravity is a fun little element."
,Recommended,261640,14640347,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Baberman,"Good game but goes by too fast. The leveling isn't quite right such that you have to rail through all the side missions if you have a hope of being the appropriate level for the main quest. That said, it's a fun twist on the old game if not too novel"
76561198064366233,Recommended,261640,14320411,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,action is good finding things to acheive objective can be difficult. It is more difficult than borderlands2
76561198005622966,Recommended,261640,14324616,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kaji,"Not as much content as Borderlands 2, but gameplay stands out while you fly through... well, space, butt slamming and such. Still great humor as ever"
76561198032390695,Recommended,261640,13647383,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,johberion,"[Update] For the initial impressions, read below. One MAJOR flaw that makes this game far worse than the other Borderlands games is the extreme focus on killing tons and tons of really lame ""trash"" enemies over and over again because you have to visit the same locations multiple times. The other Borderlands games had their fair share of this, but in those cases it was fine because you could always finish your visit with killing the area's boss for a chance to get some sweet loot. NO SUCH THING in BL - TPS. Except for the last boss, no boss in the entire game respawn. Your main sources of high end gear are the Golden Loot Chest and a machine that lets you recycle gear for a chance to maybe get something better.[Initial impressions] If you enjoyed Borderlands 2, you won't be disappointed. The game has a few tweaks compared to its predecessor. Firstly, the dialogue is more two-way than earlier and that makes the characters seem more alive and it really contributes to the story. Secondly, moonstones (similar to eridium in BL2) is always usefull, even after you've bought every inventory upgrade from Crazy ""Whatyawant?"" Earl.Those are the main pros so far, but there are cons as well. The game is slightly buggy even a few months after release. I've seen quite a few enemies get stuck in terrain or worse, glitch through the floor, including a boss, which made the fight unfinishable. This, luckily, is a rare occurrence though.Of all the Borderlands games so far, this is the worst one. The price tag isn't really worth it and the game is at best a sloppy imitation of Borderlands 2 with many copy+pasted elements."
76561198035014834,Recommended,261640,12796645,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Smoker the White Hunter,"Quick and simple, if you enjoyed Borderlands 2, buy this game.More in detal. People complain it is the same exact thing, which I won't deny. But guess what? Borderlands 2 was an amazing game, and this is Borderlands 2 with 4 new classes and entirely new areas and missions. Why fix what is not broken? If you really want to be picky then fine, wait until it goes down in price or on sale. But I fully encourage you to buy this game and play it immediately if you liked the second game. And if this is the first Borderlands game you're looking at playing, then this is definitely, without a doubt very worth the purchase. After 110 hours of gameplay and 47/50 achievements, I haven't even begun to run out of things to do and there isn't even DLC out yet. Which there will be a s%$tton of, let me tell you."
76561198096743442,Recommended,261640,12798387,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,CycloneThunder,Love this game. Want Xpacs nau
76561197972682195,Recommended,261640,12799860,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,fico23,"The WubWub never seems to end! And I'm very happy with this. Said everyone that loved the first and second installations of this awesome franchise. This game has tons of things better than the previous game, new things and things I think could be improved on since, well, these are minor but still annoy me a little. This game is filled with tons of shooting, tons of looting, and tons of humor. But if you are part of the legion of Pandora you already knew that, but were are on Elpis, Pandora's moon and home of our newest adventure. The new mechanics being on this moon are phenomenal and also, more challenging, since the bandits (scavs in this one), can fly, glide and smash you down from all angles. And well, so can you, with new moves like the Slam, powered by your Oz kits which not only feed you oxygen (a new element since well, you are in space), but also get elemental enhancements and cause massive damage to surrounding enemies. You also have cool things that happen when exposed to atmosphere and not like lids coming off when missing and not when you are in oxygen filled rooms. Even elements work differently when you are in atmosphere as well.Speaking of elements, new editions don't end with just your environment, but also the way you kill things. In this game, you have a new element called Cryo, in which, you can now freeze enemies and break them into pieces. But why stop with being able to freeze enemies with pistols, shotguns and rifles, when you can use your freezing laser and shout out Mr. Freeze puns like crazy! Lasers....there are lasers here. And they are super effective, and very awesome to use. I wish these to return in the future games as well because they are so handy in this game. And why not also have a way to, craft weapons using weapons, right? With the Grinder, located in Concordia in Janey Springs' shop (new character, super fun to listen to), you can munch up 3 items or weapons using recipes you experiment with and you can get new weapons, and, you can even give them a little boost with some Luneshine, buy paying with MoonStones can getting the best result possible.And what is a new game without new Vault Hunters. Jack, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hyperion CEO from the 2nd game, is actually a sweet dude once you get to know him. He wants to save Elpis from the threats that have taken Helios Station (the big♥♥♥♥♥H you always see in the 2nd game) and he needs you. In the new class, we have Athena, the chick that assisted you in General Knox's campaign in the first game with her Kinetic Aspis, a shield that can absorb damage and reflect back like the amazing Steve Rogers himself. Nisha, sheriff of Lynchwood in the 2nd game and my first character to use, with her Showdown ability in which causes you to gain magical aiming powers and allow you to kill without the need to aim, or switch automatically from target to target. An aimbot, but give her a shot, because she is awesome. Then you have Wilhelm, Jack's second in command and robotic pushover from the 2nd game (the guy you have to beat to get the Shield Generator for the city). Here, he has the help of Wolf and Saint, two flying robots that both heal you and damage your enemies around you. I have him on a PS3 build with an ability to tag enemies with Saint, and Wolf to rain Hell on certain tagged enemies and extend their duration. I wish I could say Claptrap is awesome, but I haven't gotten the chance to use him, sorry guys.The game is without it's fautls, like the lighter story, but I don't think this will affect your experience, because this is a pre-quel to the 2nd game and sequel from the 1st, so it's really more of a missing puzzle piece to help you enjoy the universe a bit more. Some things like not seeing Marcus in this game, even if his dispensers are up on the moon, somehow. Some areas are a bit baren and left with a lot of walking, and well, it's expected because it's a moon, but some areas have tons of vehicle stations with Singrays and buggies, and others will leave you walking forever. But again, it's not a huge bother since there is nothing too far away for you to kill. The game did suffer from some game breaking crashes and that never happened to me in the first or second games. No updates have been pushed, but suprisingly, even with these rare crashes, the game still runs much better and more smooth on my old GeForce 460 with AMD Phenom CPU than the previous game. So kuddos to 2K Australia for the improvements of the game functionality.Other cools things like the ability to submit SHIFT codes in stations on Concordia and having specials events like the October event also add more stuff in an already awesome game that continues to add more to a franchise that is about fun, action, guns, characters, and WUBWUB. The last part is, very important indeed.If you are a fan, well, you don't need me to tell you to get it. If you liked the games, get it. If you don't know what these games are, or this one, get them all! Be a part of this awesome swanky series, you, might enjoy it ;). Take care, guys!"
,Recommended,261640,12801883,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Double (s)mugi,"If you enjoyed the last two games, chances are you will like this one. But -- if you don't want a game just like the last two, don't get it."
76561198146629586,Recommended,261640,12802392,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JFillHadABill,love this game as well as the whole series! Can't wait for all of the DLC to come out as well as reaching Level 50!
76561198024711402,Recommended,261640,12813520,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ARC1813,"If you're looking for a brand new installation into the Borderlands Universe and nothing else, then you should probably wait for this to be on Sale.BUT:If you, like me, love this series because of it's humor and BECAUSE its pretty much like BL2, just in Australiaaaaaerrr i mean Elpis, and you like to know more about the backgroundstory of certain Characters, and also don't want to miss out ClapTrap as playable Char, then you should get this right away.Oh, did i forget to mention, that there is a speaking (more: ranting) gun in this game too?"
,Recommended,261640,12813976,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Goatroach,"For some reason I got burned-out on this game quickly, but that's probably because I put in about 48 hours of gameplay in the first 60 hours I had the game. Also, I got distracted when the Bioshock trilogy went on sale for about $12 a few days ago.Anyway, I still love this game, and Athena is freaking awesome! I've played as the first 4 characters (modded to have fully maxed skill trees), and Athena is the best. I like Wilhelm a lot due to his personality. Fragtrap is... different. I personally HATE Claptrap, but Fragtrap is tolerable (probably because he doesn't do beatbox impressions every 10 seconds like in BLT). Nisha's skill is neat, but it's useless if you have no ammo, just like the gunzerker in BLT. I prefer action skills that are ammo free, like Athena's shield and Wilhelm's drones.The low gravity is very fun, and a superb feature that opens up entirely new combat strategies to the series.Overall, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,261640,12813988,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bloodless,"BORDERLANDS, nuff said"
,Recommended,261640,12814991,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lady_Scribe,"TL;DR - 7/10. Lesbians. Space. Lasers.Where to begin?This game is pretty darn awesome, as a whole. The LGBT*/ female inclusiveness is what drew me into this game (I love that there are now two women to play as, you don't really see that in a lot of games), and the gameplay made me keep on playing. Lesbians in space? Heck yeah! The low-gravity and new ice weapons are my favourite; really appreciate the nice effects of shattering a large enemy.A lot of the writing isn't exactly subtle in the game, which I quite like;  its brashness leaves no one in any doubt about what's going on. Moxxi, the only sexualised character in the game, is given a new depth, and is shown to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥business-savvy engineer (which makes sense, really, thinking about her children). The humour is at its Borderlands best, while the little back-stories of characters continue to interest me. Janey's in particular tugged at the old heart-strings. And pop culture references are literally everywhere, I can't imagine how long it must've taken to put all of those in there, and they're certainly too numerous to mention, but I did like the Gazpacho Moxxtail. Red Dwarf rocks! I would've liked to have seen a little plot-twist in the game, like in Borderlands 2, but that's only a mild critique on an otherwise pretty soundly written game.As for the setting? It really does look beautiful; seeing the Hyperion Space Station up close, alongside Pandora, is stunning, especially during the first few hours of the game. At first I was a little dubious to be outside of Pandora, but it was genuinely refreshing to escape from the sandy wastelands of previous games. The vehicles are a little difficult to control, admittedly, and I have fallen down my fair share of lava pits, but I except that'll be something that will be patched soon.I also managed to lose some pretty decent loot which I had equipped; do not quit out of a multiplayer game until at least a minute has passed since you joined. I had been kicked out of a server as the host had quit his/her game, and lost some pretty orange pieces of loot, which was a little disappointing, although again, I expect that'll be sorted out in due course too.The game length feels a bit shorter than previous Borderlands titles, but I can see why the game wasn't marketed as a DLC; the plot and gameplay elements were simply too big for DLC, and a cut-down version would not work as well. It would also make terrible DLC; to go back in time and reflect on the past with four new characters, new currencies and weapons? Really can't see that working too well at all. I prefer a full title to DLC; the depth and longer stories make for better gameplay. Absolutely loved how the atmosphere influences movement and combat, too!Can't wait to see what the DLC brings, and looking forwards to seeing future installments of Borderlands; the ending has opened up new possibilities, and I will surely be pre-ordering future titles.P.S: Janey and Athena? Jathena? I. Ship. It.P.P.S: Why are people moaning about the writer being an 'SJW'? That's like saying, 'oh, look how inclusive and diverse everything is, how terrible! I want sexism and homophobia and racism in games!'. Please grow up."
76561198105551747,Recommended,261640,12817666,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bartlesby,4 out of 5 thumbs
76561197986006026,Recommended,261640,12803583,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,socks712,Why will game not let you cash in with Spring in the city of Concordia???????I have four tasks done and she will not give me my rewards!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,12805397,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Wuggles,"Much like the previous Borderlands games but just enough new content to be a fresh experience. If I were you, I wouldn't get it unless I really want it. The levels and areas ou have access to are a bit same-y and lack the variety that borderlands 2 had, although I guess thats to be expected considering the game is set on a desolate moon, Elpis."
,Recommended,261640,12806992,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tonka317,"Yes i do. I'm a huge fan of the series, and i think that this game was done right. Yes, some of the bosses need to be re farmable. Yes, there are some glitches. Every Borderlands game has had that, just give them time to patch and have new dlc come out, and everyone will love this game. I honestly think this is the best borderlands of the series, and i really wish that it came out before Borderlands 2, like the name suggests. Don't listen to the bad reviews, just give it time."
76561198116662994,Recommended,261640,12810530,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flickwire,doooooope
,Recommended,261640,12811110,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Rielle20,Laser weapons.Jetpacks.Jumping pads.Hot characters.Terrible Australian accents.Low gravity.10/10.
76561198146239738,Recommended,261640,12811379,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Blackice60,The Borderlands series is by far my favorite series of all time. This game doesn't disappoint.
,Recommended,261640,12811488,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DJRACER,LOVE IT
76561198060222252,Recommended,261640,12926353,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ImTheSlyDevil,"I have played the previous 2 Borderlands games for more than 750+ hours combined on playstation and pc. This game lives up to the reputation. It is shorter than Borderlands 2, but it still does not disappoint. The story is great, the skill trees are great, the enemies are well balanced, the grinder is a cool addition to the game (and much needed). I have no complains about this game. I am looking forward to the dlc."
,Recommended,261640,12928026,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,OBookman,"I mean it's Borderlands. does not need anything else to be told about it. buy it, play it over and over and over and oveeeeeer till bonerfarts freeze over."
,Recommended,261640,12928545,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,biron,While this game felt like a $60 dlc for almost the entire time playing through...the ending made it 100% worth it. Definitley worth the money!
76561198059177557,Recommended,261640,12915692,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Aphillion,"this game is just awesome, with friends or alone its hours of fun"
76561198017228837,Recommended,261640,12916663,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Captain Useless,"Yes I do recommend this game BUT not for 60$. This game is definitely a launch platform for DLC, but for the love of GIBBLETS every DLC better be as good as General Knoxx or Tiny Tina's. There was just too many parts of this game that just made me go, ""really...? That just lazy?""You can see I put alot of hours into this game...maybe too many. But I love the Borderlands series and I hope they make allot of fixes to this game.Look, the game is fun, damn fun. But we wanted sooo much more than this. Maybe we were just spoiled in Borderlands 2. Try not to compare it to Borderlands 2, just don't. You will enjoy it more.Recommended Price: 40$ at the mostReview: 6-7/10  Love the game, but shallow in a lot of areas that could of be done better."
,Recommended,261640,12916815,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Fetch,awesome game
,Recommended,261640,12917865,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wink,It's Borderlands only in Austrailia. Oh and Claptrap and Jack's Doppleganger are playable characters.
,Recommended,261640,12918146,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,integon,More Borderlands = more fun.
,Recommended,261640,12918355,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,EGGNOGS,10/10 would bang handsome jack
,Recommended,261640,12919036,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Werk =^.^=,"More of the same, but with some fun space physics. If you liked Borderlands 1 and 2 you will like this game, just don't expect huge changes in the gameplay."
76561198125402076,Recommended,261640,12919479,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kilophter™,this game is prretty good i like it  the only thing that gearbox coulda did to make this better is graphics  and not so dlc like but other than that love it :D
,Recommended,261640,12919665,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,zimmerperson,"Great game. It feels like a 60$ Blands 2 dlc, but it is good enough and has enough content to justify the price tag."
76561197997485806,Recommended,261640,12919953,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Anyone,Works perfectly on Linux10/10
76561198043564014,Recommended,261640,12920109,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,mathiaslucky7,"I know there is a lot of dissapointment about how it hasn't really improved since 2. That being said, I think this game is actually more beautiful and I liked the class selection. Not much else to say, its a solid game and it'll keep you entertained."
,Recommended,261640,12920441,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,badrobit,Borderlands in SPACE! Need I say more??
,Recommended,261640,12920980,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,tw34ker,"This game is amazing, simply amazing. Having said that, it's a bit overpriced and just a rehash of the previous title Borderlands 2. I love the addition of moon physics and the combat is definitely more fun. As far as pacing goes I'd say you need to progress the main storyline a little bit, but around the mission to get the AI core is when it becomes hilarious. At first the Australian references where a bit lame, but some awesome characterisation (the Jolly Swagmen, or Boganella the talking shotgun) really help to make this game shine. Notably there is also an Indian Polymath (read Tech Metal Guitarist =P) Specialist, as well as a snotty little brat called the Lunestalker, and of course tonnes of one liners from the character I played as (Willhelm). Short but sweet, I may update this review as I have not fully completed it but so far I am very pleased. I would have prefered a smaller asking price, and paying $10 for a character the game is based around (Handsome Jack) is nearly unforgivable. Here's to high hopes for Borderlands 3, as it surely will need to do something drastically different."
76561198082140815,Recommended,261640,12512606,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,lukkkboxxx,"Absolutely a big fan of the series, but  to tell you the truth this was a letdown for me. All through the campaign (which i completed the first run through in 7hrs) it felt like some parts were just added because they couldnt think of anything else. Gone through a part too quick? I know, lets put in a door that you cant access and spend another 10 mins to unlock it. Stuck for ideas in a certain part of the game? I know, lets put in a door or forcefield that you cant access and spend another 20 mins to unlock it.Dont get me wrong, this is far from a crap game(as im still giving it a thumbs up) but given the quality of the last 2 borderlands, i expected alot more. The new characters are good, the gravity(or lack of) adds an interesting dimension to the game, as well as the new cryo and laser weapons add for new methods of death dealing.PROS- New characters work well togetherHandsome Jack storyline was a plusLess gravity makes for interesting combatCONS - Very short campaign (obviously there is  the True and Ultimate modes to get through)Lack of imagination in some parts of the gameToo many weird Australian accents which sound♥♥♥♥♥♥             What did they do to Moxxiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!???I just hope the dlc's add as much extra content as in borderlands 2, and if they do then i will be content, but as of now, all i can manage to score this is 7/10."
76561197974364242,Recommended,261640,12513101,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Supie2,It seems like Claptrap never shuts up.  10/10
,Recommended,261640,12508015,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,p4ndr,"A mad Borderlands fan to date, but I'm really not feeling this one.  Annoying missions, an odd difficulty curve and the whole oxygen thing... can't see myself sticking it out til the end.It feels like there hasn't been a lick of play-testing done;  I'm not sure if it's my class, playstyle or both, but I'm dying / running out of ammo / hitting fight-for-your-life more than I ever did in previous installments.  A part of this, I'm sure, is the new low gravity gimmick - and it is just that: a gimmick - which adds a very frustrating platformer element to some of the levels.Beyond what should admittedly be small niggles, I'm just not having fun with tPS like I did with BL, BL2 and every bit of DLC for each.EDIT: 19-10-14After having played through the campaign, I've changed my opinion on most of the issues I had earlier.  I still think the difficulty is in some part due to a odd difficulty curve.  It feels like the devs 'condensed' levels 1-15 into 1-5, possibly to open up the skills tree and more 'borderlands-y' player experience earlier than previous BL games.  Once you get through that initial hiccup, it evens out into a much smoother game - at least in my case.I have noticed that action skills - at least in Nisha's case - have taken something of a back seat to the new guns (lasers) and the low-g mechanic.  I barely used her AS, and honsetly forgot it was even there, as it runs out in what feels like 2 seconds, even when extended by skills.  (I must admit that I'm probably playing her - or trying to play her - like a gunzerker.  This probably isn't helping things.)On the topic of skills, this time around, there's been a lot more thought put into them.  Many trees on all characters have ""mechromancer"" style abilities e.g. ""Shooting an enemy will give you X stacks of derp.    Each stack of derp increases your herping speed by 20%.  When you herp, all stacks of derp are reset..  This actually adds a subtle yet significant depth to the game which is really quite brilliantly executed - part of my initial issues I had was that I was trying to play BtPS like BL2 - 99% run and gun, 1% luck.  Now I have a bit of perspective, I have to say I'm slightly in awe of the devs, who have managed to retain the core ""THROW BULLETS AT IT UNTIL IT FALLS OVER"" fun of BL, while adding a level of strategy that rewards careful players.Also, as an Australian I appreciate everything about the Boganella.  It's a gun that talks, a la the robo-shotgun from BL2, and it is utterly glorious.  This gun sounds like it's been drinking hard at an RSL while feeding it's cenno into a pokie.  (You won't get that last sentence unless you too are Australian.)"
76561198031566900,Recommended,261640,12757503,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Serapheo,"Sort of a long expansion of Borderlands 2. I really liked the new O2 system for platforming and new tricks; however, some sections (such as the Veins of Helios) were very frustrating. Bosses could have been more rewarding, but overall, it was enjoyable."
76561197983997868,Recommended,261640,12758095,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,grizzlybeer612,"Very similar to Borderlands 2 with a few extra goodies like the cryo element, laser weapons, atmospheric conditions, and finally a little back story into Jack and what he was like before Pandora."
76561198065305264,Recommended,261640,12758109,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Scipio africanus,provides exactly what it promised. crazy wacky reference filled borderlands experience that seems familiar but also unique. my recommendation is buy it and buy it now because it is worth every penny.
76561197996315863,Recommended,261640,12758453,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dreike52,"My first review!Anyhow, definately enjoying the game.Weird hearing Australian accents whilst playing though, since most games I play are either in American or Japanese (I'm Aussie by the way). Loving the humour as well eg. Bogans!The addition of lasers and cryo are nice, whilst the buttslam feature is a welcome plus.A must for Borderlands fans."
,Recommended,261640,25633435,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Treef,"In whatever galaxy this game takes in, apperently almost everyone who lives on these moons are Australian.10/10 would go to space australia and live in space brisbane and cheer on the space broncos as i sip my space 4X"
76561197999801552,Recommended,261640,25576385,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Lowrider,"It feels like a Borderlands and it sounds like Borderlands (Humor/Voices).A lot of funny stuff is happening and handsome-jack is great as always.Just be aware... it feels a bit rushed or 2K Australia was overburdened with the task:- You walk on a flat plane and suddendly stop for no reason. Ghost-Collisions... You have to jump over these collisions.- There are places where you can look into/through walls. Not at important places but still...- Also there are collision on which your character is jittering wildly. Good thing is you can jump away from these places.- You can manage to jump into a collision and then get catapulted up the collision to a place you should not reach.- Side missions seem to simply reuse the places you have already seen.- Side missions are not very interesting... or maybe i got spoiled the The Wichter 3.- The background art-assets are used over and over. While i understand that a moon is not the most diverse landscape it still is a bit to much of the same. I do not feel the urge to go explore/sightseeing the maps.- Speaking of diversity: Most enemies look very similar. That was already the case in BL and BL2 but here it seems even more obvious because there are less enemies. Ohh and only handfull of bosses.- After defeating Felicity Rampant i was suddendly unable to pick-up/target items from the weapons chest. Only a restart of the game helped. And in the process i lost the contents of the special Moxxi chest.While this stuff is all not game-breaking, the whole game feels rougher than it should be.Still, if you love Borderlands you will like this."
,Not Recommended,261640,25627398,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Falken,its alright
,Recommended,261640,25747439,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,bigfooty,"TL:DR - Excellent replay value, excellent co-op, excellent everything.  Just get it!   Only con is compared to Borderlands 1 and 2, this one is a bit more tedious.  You should play the first two to the point of exaustion... then play this one.  For me it worked out fine and I'm happy with all three games.  On sale?  Grab in a heartbeat.TL:DR2 - Just played Claptastic Voyage... *MIND BLOWN*   This was hands down one of my most favortie boss battles in the history of the series.  Claptrap takes a lot of $#!t off everyone in the series but always stays this spunky little robot.  This DLC alone polished off this game as my favorite of the series.  The music... his funny memories... and the final amazing boss battle just took the cake for most amazing moment in this series for me.  Well done developers!  Thank you for this experience.   :)Long version: Diablo meets FPS... get it now!"" that's what I said about Borderlands when recommending it to all my friends many years ago.  Then Borderland 2 came out and I started recommending it as ""Boderlands with more neat stuff, get it now!""   Then this one came out and I changed it to ""YOU KEEP YER DURTY HANDS OFF MUH WOMAN!!!  MERICA!  GET SOME!""  Disclaimer: I have issues.So here is why I just keep coming back to this game over and over across three systems (x360, ps4, PC..), each time I've played I've discovered new game play things that completely revitalize the replay value.   I was playing as Athena this last play through and AFTER getting 85% through the game I found out she can dash attack enemies like she did in other copies of the game. WICKED GAME CHANGER!!!   Then finding that the 2nd and 3rd vaulthunter modes bring crazier enemies into play moreso... excellent.   Then somehow I'd forgotten I'd bought some DLC for this game so now I'm going back again to do another run through or two.It's litterally one of those games you can keep going back to over and over and over... tons of hours to cash value here.   So get it!    While I haven't purchased Jack or Lady Hammerlock characters, I have heard from friends they too add replay value to a crazy level.   Can't wait!   :)"
76561198002986817,Recommended,261640,25791346,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"If you like Bordlands games, then you'll love this game too. It trys to follow the story approach from 2 but trys more comedy side from the first game. I really liked the new hunters they made for it. The game is a lot of fun with some really good weapons and enemies. My only critique on it is that the game is a bit too short for my liking. Maybe it was just because I spent a lot of time playing but it just didn't feel as long as previous titles. I just wish there had been more content but then I wish that for all games honestly. I think I like 2 better but its better then one. I can't wait for when Borderlands 3 is ready.If you love the series then you'll love this game, its that simple."
,Recommended,261640,25816977,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,once sniper,A really good game. Just not as totally awsome as BL2.
,Not Recommended,261640,25933670,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mitsukuni,Borderlands 1 and 2 were great games but i think The Pre-Sequel is boring as hell (or heaven) and still over-priced.Borderlands 2 > Borderlands > ......................... > Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel
76561198064153655,Recommended,261640,27466676,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KarliN,"+) Finally they constructed their games in a way that makes more sense. I can not say it is a poorly constructed game anymore.+) It is easier to pick up ammos on the back row not just because of 'Holding E' but also because it is made better.+) Graphics have become much better and black lines are not as bold as it used to be. When you look at the sky, you'll be amazed how gorgeous it is.+) I forgot to mention this on other Borderlands series but this game has no crash or what so ever.+) Very interesting story and characters.+) It was nice to free the choice of weapons by not specifying certain gun types on characters.+) Abundant moonstones. You can even choose to upgrade two types of ammos. You should too.-) I wish there were one more upgrade for maximum ammo increase.-) I don't know why they changed the classes though. All the classes actually didn't make any sense. Is it a sword fighter or a gun shooter? Is he shotgun class? But all the shotguns suck. What? Eh? Huh? Their skills were kind of off too. Why is there skills that people don't want to invest their points on? But still have to in order to unlock next tier skills?-) There were some places where a side and a main quest overlap and you won't be able to hear audio dialogue of one of them.-) I played as Claptrap. It was shame to see other character in a cutscene and also shame to hear other character's voice on one side quest: Dean.-) About the eye chunk mission, Get your stupid beam right. I thought I couldn't get on it, turns out you just have to try harder. What the heck? In the open area where there are no clue to reach that platform you expect people to jump over and over on that beam? After experiencing your character hopelessly falling down from it? Come on man."
,Recommended,261640,27434571,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sato,In some ways a little bit less than the Borderlands 2 but still a perfect game. There were more boring parts in this game but there are new things too to compare like the ice element.Totally worth buying and playing. I already know everything in Borderlands 2 so when I'm in a Borderlands mood I probably gonna play this one until they release the new one.
,Recommended,261640,27394558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shaurian,"You could call this an overpriced side game, for being more expinsive than the second game you are getting something smaller but makes up for it with new mechanics, new playable characters, in my opinion a very good quest dlc that you also find in the second game that adds on to the knowledge you can learn about behind the scenes of the story, overall if you can get the game durring a steam sale or something where its only around $20 for the game and dlc then i would highly recommend this if you have played the second game that during sales can get cheap aswell"
,Not Recommended,261640,27426032,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,40InsaneFrogs,"The Pre-Sequel feels like it should have been a DLC add-on, rather than a standalone game. The new playable characters are merely reskinned, revoiced versions of the BL2 ""stereotypes/archetypes"" and I can't help but feel dissapointed by The Pre-Sequel.  Hopefully, Gearbox will learn from the mistakes they made on The Pre-Sequal and return to basics with Borderlands 3."
76561197981659190,Recommended,261640,27423659,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bett0r,"Not as funny as Borderlands 2, but still fun to play.Gets pretty hard in Single Player so find someone to accompany."
76561198029500815,Recommended,261640,27349989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheBetter,"Borderlands 2 was my game of the year back when it was release and this one is pretty fun too! there, give me my badge now! lol"
,Recommended,261640,27350288,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. PoopyButthole,"Ok so heres the thing... If you load up BL2 and you load up BLPS it has the same exact menu, same inventory, same HUD, it is the exact same game as borderlands 2 but with different scenery, story, and lazers."
,Recommended,261640,27380516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AJMonarchY,Unbelievable storytelling and an amazing edition to the Borderlands lore/story
76561198142939448,Recommended,261640,27345681,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CombineVeteran,Doesn't have the same feel as the other Borderlands games but still fun as hell.
,Recommended,261640,27377833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,arcanefiremage21,If it wasn't for this game's moon bounce shenanigans I would never be able to say I killed a boss with my butt in a video game.
,Recommended,261640,27377973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Quacktapus,"Not as good as 2, but still amazing."
76561198094777025,Recommended,261640,27412393,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Darkherozero,"This franchise alone has wasted so many hours of my life. I love this game and series. I have never played a game that has made me laughed as hard as this game. I made friendships that are still lasting because of this game. It may not show the amount of hours, due to the fact that I played them on console. I have probably had more then 2000 hours on all the borderlands games. The first one is my least favorite in the series. ( I know thats weird) The second Borderlands hold such a special place in my heart! I have beaten the second borderlands, i think more then 17 times, all characters maxed out. When Gearbox annouced this game I was super excited, to bad I couldn't get it at launch due to money issues. I have to say this is my favorite of the series, the characters you can be the weapons and just the story in general is mind-blowing. Handsome Jack is hands down the best villian I have ever seen in a video game, to watch him as a hero and slowly turn into a villian is amazing."
,Recommended,261640,27450186,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MikeMatt,PRE-SEQUEL OF THE BEST GAME EVER!
76561198029777228,Recommended,261640,12703816,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,KingStorm,Just amazing.
76561198013077233,Recommended,261640,14056214,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Caboose,Good game. Killed stuff. Moon meat bicycles are the best.
,Recommended,261640,14057444,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[HFY] CreatureCoby,"I love the Borderlands series, and this one is no exception, tons of fun, tons of references and a ton of things to find and discover.  10/10"
,Recommended,261640,14059172,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Agent 000,What an awesome game. Nice to see a game that is 3rd in the series but put a spin on it. AWESOME job 2K
,Recommended,261640,14048651,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Lilygwen,"I'm a huge fan of Borderlands franchise and this game does feel like a good addition to it. Unfortunatelly it does feel like a huge DLC or a technology test for the future Borderlands 3 that is inevitable coming at some point.The new low gravity fighting, making sure thaty you have enough O2 and the new characters gives a nice twist to the game but the basics are still the good old same borderlands. The 2K Aus could of gone bit more imaginative with the bad guys and it's pretty hilarious that all of a sudden all the guys on the moon are australians.I do recommend it, but not on it's full prize. I got it on -50% sale and I think it was fairly accuarte prize for this one. Haven't tried the DLCs yet as I'm waiting the prize to drop on those too. You'll get the most of the story and the characters if you have played the Borderlands 1 & 2. Oh and play this as co-op. All borderland games and especially this one is as it's best when playing with friends."
,Recommended,261640,13812355,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,pronobozo.com,A bit short but very enjoyable!
,Recommended,261640,13812545,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,alexvalin9,"Its pretty simple. If you liked Borderlands 1 and 2 you will like this game. If you haven´t played Borderlands, then stop doing whatever it is you are doing and go play Borderlands."
76561197982748311,Not Recommended,261640,13813353,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mattew6-21,"Everything you would want and expect from a Borderland title, however it's a bit short. I think Tiny-Tina and the General Knox expansions were both longer then this entire game including side missions. Also it teased a boss in the opening of the game that never shows up. Felt like I bought half a game that was actually just a commercial for whatever they're making next. (A hilarious, awesome, super fun, badass, claptrap filled, laser gun, disco ball, extravaganza of a commercial!)The gameplay is esily as good as other Borderlands titles. BUT there is clearly a second half of the game missing, on that note I can not recomend this."
76561198030990814,Recommended,261640,13813688,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,dr.vanhelsing,"If you like borderlands, and liked even more borderlands 2, then that game is a must have!Is´s basicly the same like borderlands 2, but in space with low gravity - fun to play, espacially in a team.Lots and lots and lots of LOOOOOOT ."
,Not Recommended,261640,13828314,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Peauff E. Peausy,"Almost the same as the previous game, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel feels like an expansion to BL2. Not worth above $20 in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,261640,14063629,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,kobihr,Borderlands 1 RULE!!!! Borderlands 2 Fun game!!!! And this one no way where is Pandora this is no Borderlands!!!!! This is yust stupid game made on same engine but not Borderlands its something but not oldschool Borderlands!!!
76561198070521990,Recommended,261640,14017550,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Seifer82001,"I have been having a TOTAL great time playing this game. I really fits well in the whole BL world that Gearbox and 2K has created. Some of the guns are abit OP but still fun to use in the game. Play solo or with friends, you will 100% enjoy this game. Don't listen to those that say that game sucks."
,Not Recommended,261640,14020629,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rexfix,"Delicous good fun! Thats what I would say if I could look past all the kinks, small map, and a very small story. Yes yes ladies calm down I know Borderlands isnt about story, its about killing pepole in all the epic ways and side missions oh wait I forgot how many side missions are there? Well, lucky for Borderlands not that many. Sure you get to play as claptrap everyone's favorite robot we all know and love (trust me you do love him) but for how long two weeks I think? I know that this isn't the main next insane adventure but come on gearbox! I'm a die hard Borderlands fan and I was expecting a fun and exciting adventure and all I got new was that the gravity was diffrent.... I'm not joking when I say this but I felt like this was a DLC this is the first time I've written a bad review but when I look on the good side of this all I see is claptrap and humor and a game needs more than that.       Better try next time lads!"
76561198075229283,Recommended,261640,14022552,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Serval-Chan,7.8/10; GOOD+Insane amount of guns+Brilliant introduction leap into Borderlands 2+Great Characters-Too much moon-Not enough carnage
76561198105224798,Not Recommended,261640,14023568,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,digihaven,"Not too happy with how unblanaced this game was..... It really killed the gameplay being able to finish missions on half the recomended level..... 2K Australia needs to learn game design...... Nothing flows at all with this game, being a rushed hack... Also the DLC is a joke, and I can see how the price would be an issues for others as there is no value in this rushed version made by 2K Australia....."
76561198060205495,Recommended,261640,13839589,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,single white question mark,This game is incredible. It has a ton of new aspects you have to think of and i love the backstory it provides. This is all i want in a game.
,Not Recommended,261640,13840132,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,『King Dice』 SpookStar™,"This... is a bit of a mixed bag. It's enjoyable enough, and keeps the art style of the series' previous installments. The new innovations brought to the table shuffle up combat and playstyles, making the game feel a lot more like dancing when moving through the low-gravity environments. However, it's a bit dull in terms of content. The game feels smaller than both of its previous installments, and the story feels like it cuts you off too early. Hopefully we'll get a few General Knoxx-sized expansions later. I'd recommend this if you're a big story buff on the series, or if you're interested in the more vertical combat, but otherwise, I'd keep looking.As much as I love this franchise, and I really wanted to recommend this, I'm going ahead and voting no."
,Recommended,261640,12847307,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,solosteez,hujjery
76561198067652363,Recommended,261640,12847934,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gentlemantis,"Not as substantial as Borderlands 2, but overall still very enjoyable. The gravity mechanics are fun, plus apart from Wilhelm there are entirely new character skills to try out. The characters are more vocal than the other, adding a lot more laughs than before. The story is great, and the it keeps all of what worked from the last game. With a lot of replayability, you get your money's worth."
,Recommended,261640,12848614,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,lawlypop.avi,Pew pew.
,Recommended,261640,12850998,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Erika NPC,"Pretty fun, hilarious at the most. Getting season pass should definatlely give you a run for your money. Just like the last BL's once you get into it you just can't stop shooting things. Gladiator overall is my favorite and is the BOMB! ""YYEAAHH HAHAHAH!!"" ""FACE ME!!"" Totally fun. :)"
76561198038356182,Recommended,261640,12851261,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Clev,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is very similar to the first two. Although the story is shorter it still does a great job of filling in the story between the two original Borderlands games. I see a lot of reviews talking about the fact that not much was added to the game but here are some of the things that I personally believe made the game worth while.-Character interaction with NPCs.-New storyline and interesting characters.-New movement mechanics. (Jetpacks, less gravity, ground slams)-Answers most if not all questions about the transistion from Borderlands to Borderlands 2.-Like Borderlands 2, a lot of easter eggs and new bosses.-Still provides the same comedic value and insanity from the playable characters and NPC's. (Although I think Borderlands 2 kept me laughing a little more.)Still the game has it's own issues. There are a few hidden bosses but nothing like Terramorphous or Vermivorous. There are some glitches with terrain and falling through the map but these problems will be likely fixed in future patches. I also see a lot of people upset with the fact that the game didn't really introduce anything that really set this game apart from the first 2. We have to remember that it is a sequel to the first 2 games. If too much of the game had been changed, it wouldn't be Borderlands."
76561198027539596,Recommended,261640,12852211,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MockBlade,a must buy
76561198108023431,Recommended,261640,12852784,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Little Spooon,This is awesome. Anyone who says otherwise is a heretic
76561197962797092,Recommended,261640,12737746,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,marbleizer1551,If you liked borderlands 2 you will love this game but it add lazers (Mr Tourge doesnt approve) But i love them
,Recommended,261640,12854630,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,uziuzumaki,My first Borderlands game and i'm not disapointed! I'm so glad i got peer presured into buying this game it is truly sooo much fun. Only problem i have with it is that it kinda forces you to go co-op to beat some bosses and althoug you could level up enough to defet him yourself it takes a really long time to gain enough experiance and level up. But if you are looking into tis game i higly recomend it. I have played it constanly this week and still not bored with it!
,Recommended,261640,12854899,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Private Browser,"I found this game to be quite enjoyable for the story aspect of it, however I don't feel like the characters are as relatable or lovable as the cast of BL1 and BL2. In my opinion Borderlands 2 was a bigger game than this because it had a much stronger pull towards it, with the expanded color pallet and the tons-o-guns. However with Prequel Sequel it seems more like a BL2 DLC than a standalone game, sort of a one-trick pony.I recommend this game for anyone who wants to enjoy more Borderlands story and lore, however if you are expecting Borderlands 3 you will be disappointed."
76561198008541520,Recommended,261640,12863452,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Chaos,"Not the newest of ideas, but still awesome fun and cool gameplay.A very good Pre-Sequel of Borderlands 1 and 2."
,Recommended,261640,12863039,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nope,"SILLY REVIEW:If games were food Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal would be like scrambled Jelly Beans on toast with a garlic milkshake. An aquired taste, slightly random and funny to a certain type of person. It also has Butt jokes...ACTUAL REVIEW (That no one will read probably, but its there. Go on, you know you want to...):Borderlands: The Pre-Sequal starts of kinda weak, with you hitting like an OAP and the enemies being mostly bullet sponges with no real interesting things other than *weak guy* and *that one strong dude*, as most Borderlands games do. The intro is a bit overdrawn and as usual it takes a fair while to get to the good guns (that spew fire and lazer unicorns and all that jazz) and interesting synergies between your skills and weapons to make enemies explode in new and interesting ways. The important question is this: Is it worth it?Long Answer:In general, yes, it is worth going through the initial slow start. Think of it like this. You have to spend a few hours waddling about, dazed and confused like a new born baby. After that you level up to a badass toddler, throwing small stones and stealing all of the other kids lollipops (And intestines). You then become an adult and start to worry about skill builds, synergies and which gun has slightly bigger numbers. Basically you become an accountant. An accountant with a giant machine gun that fires rainbows, but still...There are a few new mechanics in the Pre-Sequal, including Butt Slams, Lazer Weaponry, Double Jumping and an annoying air limit for everyone who isnt that little tw@t of a robot (screw that guy...). In general though the combat has not changed much. If you have sliced bread and it is selling well why change to shredded basically. Players new to the series may want to play the other games first as this edition has its targets aimed squarely at those who will squee over all the in-jokes and the ability to play as an annoying robot. But that is the humour of Borderlands, so yeah, get used to it. The Moon has also been colonised by Austrailians, so I hope you like that accent.Short Version (#TLDR):If you like the other Borderlands Games, you will like this (as it is more of the same). If you did not like the other Borderlands games then 1) Why are you looking at a Borderlands game and 2) You will likely not like this (as it is more of the same duh). If you are new to Borderlands I would recommend playing one of the others first. Massive DLC not withstanding they have been on sale many times for silly prices so would be a better bet than this."
76561198064138616,Recommended,261640,12864510,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,LuckySpud,"If you're already a fan of the series you'll enjoy this game a lot purely to scratch that high octane, robot one liners, alien slaughtering, bandit bashing itch. If you've never played a game in the series before, DO NOT start with this one.All that being said, the game does suffer from more gltiches than previous titles in the series and in my experience the multiplayer is significantly ""laggier"" (probably not a real word, but I used it anyone cause I'm a rebel like that). Also the classes in this one don't feel as badass as other classes but they did a good job making them feel different enough and not just a rehash of their predecessors."
76561198066903811,Recommended,261640,12865863,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,FENRISULFR,"Awesome game, however does anyone know how to get a ps3 controller working with the game?"
76561198096722474,Recommended,261640,12868260,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,WildTangent,Lots of fun
,Recommended,261640,12869689,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Zanok,10/10 would butt-slam narwhal all day long.
76561198035478771,Recommended,261640,12870452,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nishnig,"Because ""the pre-sequel"" is more clever than Borderlands 1.5. It is a fun game you should buy it and play it and have fun."
76561198119126266,Recommended,261640,12872309,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,PsychoTaco444,yus
76561197995508334,Recommended,261640,12875002,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,k2fntsy,It's borderlands.
76561198032217449,Recommended,261640,12876866,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Raptor,"If Borderlands: the pre Sequel were a DLC that does not bear its name, it still is a very pleasant game with new features like low gravity, oxygen to look after, jetpacks and freeze guns. Add a crazy and very funny playable Clap-Trap and you've got quite a nice game."
76561198040502178,Recommended,261640,12881667,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Batmanismybitch,Truly entertaining...
,Recommended,261640,12881877,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Adlez,"It's Borderlands.  On the Moon.  All the glorious hilarity, plus low gravity jumps and butt-slams.  I didn't know I wanted this until now."
,Recommended,261640,12881979,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Valentine,"Amazing game, lives up to the succes of borderlands 2, but a few issues with legendary farming Everyone wants to be fixed"
76561198093697871,Recommended,261640,12882878,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,HappyRabidDuck,"Borderlands the Pre-Sequel is a good game. The story is THE BEST of the trio. Everything is explained, and it makes SENSE. For the most part, you know what you're doing and why, which is something the past 2 just couldn't reach. The Lazer weapons are pretty good. They do a good job of wrecking things while staying balanced. All 4 classes can use Lazers very effective, and 2 of them have builds specifically dedicated to Lazer guns.  The Cryo element is absolutely amazing. It's not overpowered, and it's very balanced. Another thing is you don't have to rely on it to get through the game without a ton of hassle. It blows Slag out of the water, out of the atmosphere, and onto the Moon (puns). The scaling is WAAAAY better than BL2. The days of having skills you need to avoid to be viable are over. Every skill has its use. Classes are also balanced and function incredibly well compared to BL2. Where characters like Axton fell short during late game, the Pre-Sequel characters remain decent all the way through. The added dialogue is a nice touch, and it makes the game more enjoyable, and the humor is much better. Now enough praising, I need to yell at this game. The game is SLOW.  The game takes as long as the predecessor to get going, and the tutorial is unnecessarily long.  After you've trudged through the tutorial, the entire first area is just as slow, and you'll find yourself walking very long distances to get anywhere.  The game maintains this relatively slow pace all the way through. The Oxygen system is terrible. It serves no purpose other than to have a drawback to all your new mobility skills. You'll repeatedly have to find Oxygen to stay mobile and to avoid having a health drain and an annoying screen overlay change. The most glaring problem I have with the game is the lack of endgame content. You have about 4 options. You have the last boss, the Raid boss which is just a buffer version of the last boss, the secret boss, Iwajira, and sidequests. This is especially disappointing due to the fact that endgame is where most of your time in the Pre-Sequel, as well as all other Borderlands games, will go. It's hard to invest a large amount of time into a game with very little to do. It's a lot like Destiny in that regard. Another issue is that about 85% of the legendaries are reused. It's painful to see almost nothing but reskinned legendaries from the last game but with slightly different effects. For example, the Unkempt Harold is now the 88 Fragnum. Same skin, but the only difference is it fires 4 bullets in a spread, similar to a shotgun. It's still a Dirty Harry reference with very little innovation. This is the case with the MAJORITY of them. I'd be fine with a few, but the majority? No. Just no. Overall, I'd say the game is worth the cash, but I'd wait for a price drop. If you want the short version, if you want more Borderlands 2, here's more Borderlands 2."
76561198004887456,Recommended,261640,12883211,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Some Krazy Guy,"Great game, its actually worth being a full game. The new mechanics, characters, and area's are a breath of fresh, well, not air since its on a moon but, you get the point, plus some dlc that's going to be coming is pretty awesome. The only point of contention is that this kind of feels almost exactly like BL2.  Not just, oh its the same series of course its going to feel the same, i mean it feels EXACTLY the same. It feels like BL2 Dlc almost. Still worth, would still pay full price, but can definatly see some people feeling shammed if they expected more changes than there was."
,Recommended,261640,12883322,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,20 Sly Ducks,IS VRY GOOD.LOVE THE CLAPTRAPS.
76561198037046327,Recommended,261640,12883585,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Gorillaz,<---------- Tom Hanks face says it all
76561198021486088,Recommended,261640,12883645,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,elreaper,ITS BORDERLANDS BRO WHAT DO YOU THINKThe game has a pretty decent story and still has the great gun system. I was impressed however with the larger amount of hidden content compared to borderlands 2. By this i mean more weapon cases in locations that are off the beaten path. I fell with this and the great content that comes standard with Borderlands this was definetely worth the wait. I'd give this game an easy 8 or 9 out of 10 no problem.
76561198055528540,Recommended,261640,12884191,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,AlbinoTransgenderMuslimFeminist,pretty dope
76561198063915831,Recommended,261640,12884265,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SynKrow,"The gameplay and story of this game surpasses that of Borderlands 2. The characters are somewhat more interactive with NPCs during main mission and side missions. The characters are also a lot more fun to play as (in my opinion). The level scaling is also between Borderlands 1 and 2. Unfortunately Borderlands: TPS's main game is much smaller than Borderlands 1 and 2's, being only 12 missions with a couple of side missions. I recommend this game at a price drop."
,Recommended,261640,12884485,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Xaeiune,The only prequel that makes you hate yourself for making the sequal harder.
,Recommended,261640,12884591,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ginger Knight,"Firstly, if you're a fan, you probably want this game, if you're NOT a fan, you probably have seen the trailer vid. And let me tell you that this game is still awesome, though some of the elements inside the game itself seem recycled, but some of the  mechanics are already fixed, so it's slightly more awesome.But the most awesome part is the story, you may think that you know the ending, you may be right, but you can also be wrong!To conclude, buy this game early if you're a rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, wait a little if you're a patient person, and play a bit more of Borderlands and Borderlands 2 to fill you in the story, just in case.So yeah, recommended, 10/10 if you're patient then buy it during sale.Cheers"
76561197975968155,Recommended,261640,12885098,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,RealyFluffy,"Not as good as BL2, but still a fun and entertaining game"
,Recommended,261640,12885660,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Merlin,"So i was inspired to post a recipe so heres a recipe for some quick and easy Crepes *u*Ingredients1 cup all-purpose flour2 eggs1/2 cup milk1/2 cup water1/4 teaspoon salt2 tablespoons butter, meltedDirections1.In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour and the eggs. Gradually add in the milk and water, stirring to combine.   Add the salt and butter; beat until smooth.2.Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each crepe. Tilt the pan with a circular motion so that the batter coats the surface evenly.3.Cook the crepe for about 2 minutes, until the bottom is light brown. Loosen with a spatula, turn and cook the other side. Serve hot."
,Recommended,261640,12885869,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,xBestFriend,"Borderlands: The Pre-SequelLet me start off telling you that if you have never played a borderlands game I would recommend the first game then go to this game, and then go to Borderlands 2. Makes sense right. It is to be honest a lot bugger than I expected. I think I have like 10 screenshots of glitches. A lot of enemies just stopping in combat, and not reacting to the player. I have seen floating enemies, I have seen quite a bit that I cant name everything off the top of my head. Well past the minor glitches, it is VERY FUN! Lasers and EXPLOSIONS!!! If you like either of the other games before. You will love this game. I never played the Legends. Well very fun as I said, needs more Raid Bosses. more loot. I feel this game took away the part where when you Max you get killed pretty quick. I feel I have a fighting chance. It explains how Jack became Handsome. I do not like how it didnt bring up much about his daughter. As well as the moon is apparently full of Aussies. Which beating the game 7 times so far, I hate Pickles voice.. Game needs a little work. All in all, GG.""Hyperion, Dahl. Is there a difference?"" -Roland8.5/10"
76561198098436915,Recommended,261640,12887007,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,LunarLance,"A lot of people call this a large expansion pack for Borderlands 2, and quite frankly I have to agree with them.  Still love the game."
,Recommended,261640,12887069,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,angery,"Every 60 seconds, a minute passes. Please donate to Gearbox to end this terrible event."
76561198076391374,Recommended,261640,12887533,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bethebullet,This is an amazing game. Fans of the series will not be dissapointed and there isn't a better game to get started in the series in than this one.
,Recommended,261640,12887772,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fцтцrisтic Feиriя,Out of this world. Nuff said
,Recommended,261640,12887867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,funkykafka,"If you're a Borderlands fan like me then you're probably already sold on this one. If you're on the fence & have never played a Borderlands title I would recommend Borderlands 2 before this one, without a doubt. That being said, this one is good, the zero grav mechanic is fun, ice weapons are fun too. Beyond that I don't play this one as compulsively as I played Borderlands 2; the story is alright but not nearly as good as the second game's, although better than the first. I personally don't like it that the entire game takes place on the moon, since there is little to no variety in environment -- you are either out on the moon's surface or else inside a building or some kind of facility/ship, etc.Also, be warned that there are still some significant performance issues that can, in some cases, result in crashes, game freezing, etc. For me, the problem seems to be with how the game is optimized for PhysX, and I can only play the game with PhysX turned to low, otherwise I get frequent freezing, crashes, and dramatic frame rate drops. This is not an isue with the components you might have, the problem is with the game -- I have an i7 4770k 3.5 GHz, ASUS Z87-DELUXE/QUAD Mobo, 780 Ti, 32GB DDR3 1866MHz Corsair Dominator Platinum DHX RAM, I can run any game maxed out butter smooth, this is the only game I have any isues with. I submitted a ticket about it & was told that the issue is known & that hopefully there will be a fix sometime soon -- this was almost a month ago, right after launch, so in my opinion it will be a while before they are able to sort this out."
,Recommended,261640,12862875,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,thunderbuttocks.exe,"What can I say? It's Borderlands. Not exactly traditional Borderlands, but it still has the humour and style from Both Borderlands 1+2. It tells a great story of how Handsome Jack went from Zero to Hero (well, in his eyes). To be honest, I wouldn't reccommend it to players who are new to the Borderlands Universe, but what do I know. I'm a person who usually has his Steam name linked to a fart joke.All in all, a great game!"
76561198046198209,Recommended,261640,12830160,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mhaurk,Very good game
76561198086319998,Recommended,261640,12831405,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,09_000,"The game is very good. I cant feel like its a new game, it feels more like an expantion pack, it is fun with the lazers, o gravity, and chatty cathys, but it isnt the best thing ever."
76561198045116051,Recommended,261640,12835475,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Master Stargrave,Love it
,Recommended,261640,12835705,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Nugz Ca-pwn,a more blah version of borderlands. it lacks the size and scale of one and two. all the mechanics are there. but it feels like a step backwards not forwards. still like it. good if you need a borderlands fix. people have a mixed view on claptrap but i think hes the best part of this game.
76561198120883776,Recommended,261640,12836195,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bektos,Once again Gearbox and both of the 2k's that work on this out of this world game did a great job. You won't regret buying this game if you like killing psychos and being on the moon. Trust me you will love it!!!
,Recommended,261640,12837242,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Georgie's Arm,"Lots of fun, make sure to do the side missions so that you don't struggle on the main missions."
,Recommended,261640,13489338,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DivinitY,AWESOME GAME but faster to complete than the 2nd borderlands but still fun!
,Recommended,261640,13489819,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GateKeeper,Enjoying this.
,Recommended,261640,13492364,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DivideBy0,"REVIEW, TL;DR CONDENSED VERSION:Definitely not as good as the previous games (especially at full price) but still absolutely worth playing.REVIEW, ""CHOOSE-YOUR-OWN-ADVENTURE"" STYLE:1. Have you previously played Borderlands and/or Borderlands 2?If yes, go to point #2.If no, go to point #3.2. Did you enjoy Borderlands and/or Borderlands 2, and really want to play more of the same only slightly different and just not nearly as good?If yes, move to point #3.If no, move to point #4.3. Is the game currently discounted by at least 50%?If yes, see point #5.If no, see point #4.4. You probably should not purchase this.5. You might want to purchase this.REVIEW, POINT-FORM COMPARISON EDITION:Pros:-Same fundamental game mechanics, so shooting demented cannibalistic midgets in the face is still satisfying-Same engine & graphics, so pretty much guaranteed to run well even on weaksauce rigs-Same procedural weapon system, makes cool stuff like shotguns shooting rockets, rocket launchers firing laserbeams, and lasers throwing slime-Some actual backstory and character development, nicely tying in with the sequel (hence the name)-Same quirky sense of humor, so it's occasionally funny (the first time)Cons:-Same fundamental game mechanics, so despite the few little extras you've been there, done that-Same engine & graphics, so thanks to crappy consoles there's zero (0) progress, and the UI is STILL atrocious-Same procedural weapon system, but 99% of drops are garbage-Some actual backstory and character development, but the new characters are bland and you better like homosexuality shoved down your throat (no pun intended)-Same quirky sense of humor, but it's getting stale because it's executed with an order of magnitude less funnyVerdict:If you really enjoyed the first two games, this is still worth playing despite the fact that it's nowhere near as good as the previous instalments. Just not at full price.If you haven't played Borderlands and the sequel, skip this and go buy those instead.If you didn't enjoy the first two, you most definitely won't like this either."
,Recommended,261640,13492650,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Neromasti,"If someone wants Borderlands , he gets it . Nothing more, nothing less."
,Recommended,261640,13494085,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lycenix,"If you're a fan of the Borderlands Franchise and enjoyed Borderlands 2, you will probably enjoy this game. That being said, the end-game is severely lacking and the story is fairly dull. I managed to take 3 characters to 50 and play through the story 6 times, although it has now lost its interest. Good game overall if you only expect a few playthroughs for your money - new Borderlands players should pick up BL2 GOTY and ignore this.."
,Recommended,261640,13494453,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kaneki,niceee
,Recommended,261640,13700254,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fireflow20,It is hilarious and more of the same greatness of the first two games. Basically you'll love it.
,Recommended,261640,13702977,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bender,If you like the first two games then you will love the Pre-Sequel. Simple as that.
,Recommended,261640,13704663,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"s'cool I guess.Borderlands 2 with floaty physics, and australian accents.buy it if you want to, I guess."
76561198052557398,Recommended,261640,13705096,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mikemadi1988,Not as great as the first two. It is a lotttttt shorter and since Australia made this game their humor and voice acting is heavily in it. Still enjoyable if you like the series.
76561198038285890,Recommended,261640,13704946,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,buffomounie,"If you loved Borderlands 2, then you want this game.It uses the same loot system as Borderlands 2, so if you've played Borderlands 2, you'll have no trouble comparing guns, shields, and so on. They add a new item to your inventory called an O2 kit (or an ""OZ"" kit in the game vernacular), which can also confer special abilities to the character, but apart from that the rest of the interface should be very familiar to anyone who has played borderlands 2.The character classes are different that those in either the original Borderlands or Borderlands 2, and of course the tech trees are likewise different, but there are enough similarities that you should be able to select a character that fits your playing style.The real appeal of this game is the expanded story line.  It fills in the gaps between the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2.  It also answers a lot of questions, chief among them: ""Why is Hansome Jack such a dickbag, and why does he have a mask of his own face attached over the top of his face?""  Trust me, it all makes sense.Some old favorites make apperances in this game, including Roland, Lilith, Tiny Tina, Torque, and even Moxie, although some of them are little more than cameos.  Amazingly, the Vault monster from the original Borderlands makes an unexpected (and quite enlightening) re-appearance as well, if only in part.  (And no, you don't fight it.)On-line co-op play is the same as before, and the worlds are all new, so there's lots to explore.  I suggest you play single player first, to experience the story, and then go on-line to get tougher monsters and better loot.One unique feature they've added is something called ""the grinder"".  You put 3 weapons in, and you get one back out that is made up of the parts from all 3.  Sometimes you get something really good, most times you get something average, but it's still fun to play with.  (There are certain combinations that will give you known outcomes, while others are random.)All in all, I love this game, and recommend it to any Borderlands fan."
,Recommended,261640,13705928,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Monster,"I have played all the borderlands games and this game has not failed me when it comes to the mind numbing entertainment that I came looking for. This game is everything that I expected it to be. There is a fair amount of walking that you have to do since there aren't as many fast travels and the ending could have been better. I have continued to play this game even past beating there are so many missions to do. I would recommend buying it on sale though, I am glad that I did not pay full price for it."
76561198090975023,Recommended,261640,12977659,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cupcake Thunder,"Hello, ladies, look at your man, now back to me, now back at your man, now back to me. Sadly, he isn’t me, but if he stopped using ladies scented body wash and switched to Old Spice, he could smell like he’s me. Look down, back up, where are you? You’re on a boat with the man your man could smell like. What’s in your hand, back at me. I have it, it’s an oyster with two tickets to that thing you love. Look again, the tickets are now diamonds. Anything is possible when your man smells like Old Spice and not a lady. I’m on a horse."
76561198062819987,Recommended,261640,12734733,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,wilwasere2.0,"Sexy Wimensh , ta rohbhot tat eryone lyks but no-wun lyks hand a cybr buly :) 54.7 / 0.23"
76561198094056967,Recommended,261640,13040277,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Chameleon Claw,"Ok this game has some very good mechanics BUT it will not and I repeat not make sense with out Borderlands 2 or Borderlands. Other then that it is a very fun game with a friend (so if you dont have on your going to have a bad time with claptrap). But to me the story was kind of held back it was mainly to set things up for the fans (and the next one). So I give this 9.5/10. So do as the trailer says grap your friends,pizza,and guns for a own new world ... or should I say moon."
,Recommended,261640,13040724,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dog,Sended a shuggurath to Pandora with my Stingray. 10/10
76561198128949050,Recommended,261640,13041263,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SuccMyDaddy,its okay
,Recommended,261640,13044634,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,K'nuckies,"I've played both of the previous games with DLC, and this game is definitely as fun as those are, wthout feeling exactly the same, There's a LOT more interaction between characters, and the script for them is as funny a ever, without the characters losing dimension.It has that Borderlands charm of being a shooter with personality, which was a big selling point for me when the first game came out. Also, you get to play as Claptrap. How could anyone resist? Particularly with as adaptive a character as he is.So if you're an RPG kind of person, and feel like shooters just aren't your thing, give Borderlands a chance. It definitely stands out from the rest of the FPS pack."
76561197990667464,Recommended,261640,12998445,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Brave Little Toaster,"If you dig the original BL and BL2, then this is definitely for you! Added a little  twist with the space thing (neat, but not sure if I like it a ton), extra character interaction conversations, and of course a sweet♥♥♥♥♥weapon grinder. 2K stayed with the typical characters, which is pretty cool for those who like to be in their comfort zone. Story line is typical BL length, and difficulty.Just waiting for the DLC components to come out! Already started my Doppleganger!"
76561198056588916,Recommended,261640,12998592,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,2Tiix,"I highly recommend this game for its storyline alone... I highly enjoyed the content throughout and they kept the true borderlands theme, would have liked a bit more of an adaptation to the playing mechanics, and possibly made some of the menu options and skill trees more simple for example, and possibly adding more badass extras, also more gun makes and possibly a few more elemental effects. There is a lot more to be said about this game.. Borderlands is my favourite trilogy of games, in a sense that we would be relating totally to its fantastic and awesome storyling, feels like you play the part in a movie!-2Tiix"
,Recommended,261640,12998827,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Pizonimo,Basically borderlands 2 but on a moon. Pretty cool stuff.
,Recommended,261640,13000647,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,sw3sty,this: $60Borderlands 2: $20problem solvedwhy buy this(only good if you have played 2)
,Recommended,261640,13001894,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Farshad,"If you haven't played Borderlands 2, buy that instead.  Far cheaper and better game, otherwise you know what you are getting :)"
76561198100674987,Recommended,261640,13079875,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,noam742,best game everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,13084419,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ZegYuudai,Best game 2014.
,Recommended,261640,13085622,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,GreenPanda,I find that the game drones on and on and it isn't enjoyably but if you liked Borderlands 2 youll probably like it just fine.
,Recommended,261640,13085978,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,AIDS,THIS GAME WAS AMAZING!!! Love how the game progresses. The story line was amazing and i am captivated to see how all the charactor fair. :D
,Recommended,261640,13086056,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,MrPsychedelic™,"A very good twist to the Borderlands Series, highly recommended!"
76561198133821938,Recommended,261640,13086128,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Azerbain,How can you go wrong with a Borderlands Game. I DO wish there was an Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode.
,Recommended,261640,13086511,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Big G,e aight/10
76561198079632060,Recommended,261640,13022031,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,I watch futa porn,"(Not relevant) At first I didn't really see the point in these reviews but recently have started to find them more and more handy as actual reviewing sites are going to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and so for that reason I've decided to join the large crowd writing reviews.Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is an interesting case, it had a lot of potential to be just as good as Borderlands 2, however bugs and glitches can in some cases ruin the gameplay. Other features like the Oz Kits feel a bit like a misused opportunity, with only a minor punishment for it running out (loss of double jump and butt slam and a slow health loss) these aren't even annoying as most of the game is spent inside with more gravity and full O2 all the time. However the base principles of the game are the same as the last 2 and is still a butt tonne of fun to play. The new feature of your characters responding to what's happening is underwhelming at most, while rather nice with interactions between Jack and Nisha Being funny and Claptrap being sarcastic in an annoying voice, Wilhelm is a knob to everyone and everything and I have so far not played Athena.The BIGGEST problem with this game is the non respawning bosses that all hold unique weapons or Zarpedon's fun but not replayable fight, this makes it very frustrating as you have to ALT-F4 to close the game without saving and then rekill the boss and hope it drops, if not rinse and repeat. The other way to get around this is to use the new grinder put into the game, while this is a good idea it's a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥to get al the guns you want from it.While writing this review I actually changed my mind on what I was going to give it a 7.5/10 however thinking about the big problems currently in the game (grinding) I'm giving it a 7/10 for it's current state, however if these things are patched then the game may even go up to an 8/10. I would recommend this at 25% off (£30/$45)"
76561198107782010,Recommended,261640,13022145,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ErrorNoName,Quality Game
76561198051295313,Recommended,261640,13324632,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Etredal,"Really fun.  Lots of action, more than the previous games.  This game also has a lot more enemies, but you get more ways to kill enemies and more powerful vehicles"
,Recommended,261640,13186930,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,⚡ LegoHog ⚡,"too much australia. not as good as bl2, but it looks really nice."
76561198045138397,Recommended,261640,13193741,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,jam,"I'm a fan of the Borderlands series and I found this game awesome. Many people consider it as an expansion pack to BL2 but I disagree, the storyline felt longer than BL2 imo and is also extremely interesting to see Handsome Jack's past. One of my favourite games I have played and can clock in many hours if you are the type who enjoys looking for the legendaries or explore all 5 classes (including Jack DLC).The cost however, is extremely expensive and I would recommend buying it only when on sale."
,Recommended,261640,13205651,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nibble,"Umm.. It's Borderlands. End of Story. No but, seriously, the few hours I've play we amazing. The way they conveyed the story was the most unique twist I have ever seen in a game. I recomend this to ANYONE who's played the previous games, and even if you havent, and just enjoy shooting things and a cool story...this game is for you."
76561198076579785,Recommended,261640,13207595,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,HomerC,"Lova this game. To all players who loved Borderlands 2, this game will bring a whole new experience. Gotta have this game!!!"
76561198122171749,Recommended,261640,13425498,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,xExpecto,I wrote a long positive review about this game and hit back by mistake GG pinky and sensitive keyboard. Anyways here is a short version. On what I said look this game is a great game to have in your library it gives you hours of game play you have 4 classes you can max out if you want to play this game to it's fullest.If you do buy this game and play JUST THE MAIN STORY!! it will be short and you will feel like you wasted your money and toss in a no in the DO you recommend this game question. So do yourself a favor and don't play the side missions you actually learn more about the story and the characters in the game you also learn how some stuff in the other borderlands came to be. If some of you are thinking there are trolls in this game I would say there it's kinda hard to troll in this game REALLY it is one thing you can do is maybe pick up a legendary gun and leave.Also one thing you should know this game will suck if you play alone if you don't have any friends then find some if you can't find none buy some if you can't buy none then you're doing something wrong anyways this is best played with friends the foes you face will be stronger in exchange for better loot drops and more xp. As for the classes you use in the game they are all op in there own way mix around the skill points try new play styles I did this myself and had a blast.I hope this review helps you on your thoughts about this game.
76561198122280721,Recommended,261640,13453045,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,absuperpup,It's more of everything I loved about Borderlands 2 and some more. It's a fantastic game with potential to become even better as new content comes out.
,Recommended,261640,13453370,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Twin,"If you like borderlands 2 combat then you will like this game. The story a bit lacking and leaving a want for something more then just dlc-esq quests that have torgue poping in for no explainable reason but to tell you to blow up a single gun of no importance. Janey Springs can also get annoying with how overtly gay they made her. Instead of just going ""I like girls"" and be down with it and have her be just a normal person its ""Hi there, I'm gay."" ""Well go kill that thing, I'm gay!"" ""Did you know that I loove girls? Cuz I do"" Overall the Pre-Sequel, wile a fun game, feels like nothing more than dlc to bl2. If you are to buy do it when it is on sale"
,Recommended,261640,13453874,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SpoonyMcFork,Do not play this game if you have a nut allergy.
76561198032857016,Recommended,261640,13454062,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,starkillerjake,"Die hard fans from the Borderlands series should buy this game. Casual gamers should wait for a sale. Although the humor, interesting characters, replability, atmosphere and diversity of enimies are back. Great things like the farming for legendary weapons, mini bosses and story based DLC are gone. (Writen after the release of the Holo-Dome DLC)."
76561198088894941,Recommended,261640,13454200,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The TimeLord,borderlands 1 is cool. borderlands 2 is awesome. The pre sequel is the best borderlands game ! so much fun and without gravity !
76561198019433156,Recommended,261640,13454465,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zoidberg Jesus,"Not as much new content as I'd like. Feels a little bit like an expansion.  That being said, great game and tons of fun."
76561198025555192,Recommended,261640,13457277,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,KΦZ,Do you like borderlands 2? Do you like it enough to play it again? Do you enjoy the concept of suffocating and space? Do you mind the dull choice of weapons that haven't improved since the last title? Do you LOVE overdone aussie accents?Well this might be for you.6/10
,Recommended,261640,13457709,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,This game is amazing! Good buy!
,Recommended,261640,13457762,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tabasco Fiasco,"It's like BL2 but shorter. Same humor, different story. In a world without steam sales I would give it a thumbs down just for less content than previous games, but for $30 or $20 its a good deal."
,Recommended,261640,13457948,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lodgefella,"Just cause it's the weakest game in the franchise doesn't mean it's a bad videogame. Still tons of enjoyment and I'm sure I'll have even more fun in multiplayer. Only worth the full price if you're a die hard fan of the series, otherwise wait till it's on sale."
76561197971215664,Recommended,261640,13458060,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,RISC_Taker,"Did you like Borderlands? Did you like Borderlands 2? If you answered yes to one or both of these questions, I predict your enjoyment of Borderlands The Pre-Sequel! Now with extra Australia!"
76561198004519410,Recommended,261640,13458111,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,itsMINGUS,9/10 i love fun
76561198055437606,Recommended,261640,13836880,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vicious Squirrel,Very great game and true to the borderlands sequel! Cant wait to see what comes next!
,Not Recommended,261640,13837488,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,johanofsigg,"It can be obnoxiously frustrating at times, and it suffers from a destructive lack of creativity and innovation. Many, many times you will curse this game for jumps that make you fall juuuuuuuust short of where you need to land- that happened an ABSURD amount of times in the game for me. It can take way too long to get to a location. Also, the maps are very flawed, just like in Borderlands 2- it is often VERY unclear exactly HOW you're supposed to get where you need to be. The new creatures are interesting, but they certainly aren't relatively NEW. There aren't many new enemy types. Even though some other reviews (I'm thinking of IGN) praised Jack's character development, really it's very obvious development, the opposite of subtle. Jack is not a good character; he's been done before many times. I really think Tina is the only character in the Borderlands Universe that has something. The ending goes way too long; a series of enormous boss battles that are also often VERY easy- I beat them all on the first try. I really just wanted it to finish after a while, I got so bored. I'm not taking the story seriously- it's dreadful and is full of plot holes that don't make much sense. It's Borderlands in space (as has been said before); that is all that it is. A huge lack of potential for a game set in space. But it's often fun, like Borderlands 2. Gunning and looting is always fun, and the new grinder thing- where you can ""grind"" 3 guns into one, better gun- is great, probably the only really innovative addition. Overall, the game is NOT worth $60, not even worth $30. Wait for a very good deal, and it will be moderately worth it. But I've cursed at this game so much that I can't honestly say I recommend it."
,Recommended,261640,13840855,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,neojb1989,"Just beat the thing as Athena and while I enjoyed my time with it, I have no real drive to give it another playthrough. I played through the first borderlands a few times, and the 2nd one a couple too but this one, idk. Don't really feel like going through the motions again. Still a fun game though for a once over, took me about 18 hours (doing alot of the side quests) and yea. If you like Borderlands and want to know more about what happened between 1 and 2, well here ya go. Nice to know what's underneath Handsome Jack's face facemask."
76561198134294739,Recommended,261640,13841322,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr_stickygoodback,"It's more like a story DLC for Borderlands 2, but it is worth playing"
76561198056295548,Not Recommended,261640,13842108,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,The Lone Wanderer,THIS GAME WILL LEAVE LASTING EMOTIONAL SCARS IN THE TITAN FACILITY MAIN STORYLINE MISSION dont buy
76561198093935346,Not Recommended,261640,13842234,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rushcaliber,"Bought this game day one but still level 32. Me and my friend just stopped playing it for some reason. I ♥♥♥♥in hate the moon. It's so ugly and bland. It has no personality and variety like Pandora. Also the pacing of this game is terrible. Playing through this story is a chore, there are no good mobbing routes, enemy's are so far away from each other to get that badass kill everything feel. Don't get me started about the legendary's. If you gonna bring back mostly old legendary's , why not ,idk ,BRING ALL THEM BACK. but you know gearbox logic. ""let's bring back the kurbblaster, that was a fan fav!"" Also the lack of end game makes the game bland as there are no weapon to farm becuase of non-respawnable bosses. The dlc is horrid with only a character and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival dome. If you are new to borderlands I recommend you get borderlands 2 GOTY."
76561198123213599,Not Recommended,261640,13842548,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MaxOnPoint,"For 60 dollars the game doesnt live up to full potential. I am a huge fan of the BL series but this didnt quite fufill full expectation. The game is enjoyable up until the halfway point, where all the bosses are practically replicas of eachother and outlevel you significantly. Not to mention the number of bosses in the game make the fights less memorable and less enjoyable. As well the loot dropped from the bosses is not good and cannot be refarmed for legendaries. Gearbox and 2k... I know you can and could have done better. Im questioning even purchasing the next installment of the series because I am very dissapointed."
,Recommended,261640,13842771,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,s1n,"Somewhat fun extension to BL2, but it's like the Diet Coke of Borderlands. I will say my hugest complaint about this game is there is no end game. Bosses cannot be farmed, there is no additional story content. Holodome is like yet another Underdome (seriously? this game already has one, why did we get another??). This game is in desperate need of real meaty content if it plans to replace Borderlands 2."
76561198064255262,Recommended,261640,13843256,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MattWeber,"Yes, it has its problems, but the game overall is pretty good. I dont regret spending $30 on the game, but im not sure if I would of been happy paying full price."
76561198080167721,Recommended,261640,13843551,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wraiths_BadBanta,"If the DLC realy takes off this could go somewhere. Thus far its fun but it dosent provide the nostalgic kickback to borderlands 2 that i was expecting. Ide like to see some new classes in the dlc as well. Never the less. Its exciteing, explosive, and funny as hell. Welcome back to the borderlands."
76561198109204346,Recommended,261640,13844273,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TR-8R,"Quick Review:Pros:like Borderlands 2, more of a great gameNice new mechanics, such as butt slam and double jumpNew Oz kits, an extra piece of loot, MORE LOOT, YAY!Cons:Like Borderlands 2, not much new in the case of graphics or UIOverpricedno respawning mini bosses, I WANNA FARM!!!!Crap for DLC(With the exclusion of the doppleganger pack)Long Review:I've seen alot of complaints about how this game is just like a long story DLC for Borderlands 2. This fact is true. But the thing is, this is a strange complaint. Borderlands 2 was an amazing game, and more story DLC is a good thing for such an amazing game. That being said, this is a little overpriced. This is about half the length of Borderlands 2, and yet it is 3 times as much for the base game, or 2 times as much for the GOTY. I would highly reccomend this game, on a HEAVY sale, about 50% off. Next up we should discuss the Season Pass shananigans. The Season Pass, as of now is pretty worthless. The only DLC worth buying, in my opinion is the Dopplegagner Pack. The Shock Drop Slaughter Pit is just meh. It is more of the same old slaughter dome. The Holodome Onslaught is not worth it for the holodome, it is just the same enemies that you have faced hundreds of times. It's only worth it for the 10 bonus levels it unlocks, and the harder play through. All in all, this is a good game, but not for the full price, and as of yet, the DLC is not where it needs to be for Borderlands."
76561198087324922,Recommended,261640,13399259,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Fatboy77,"huge fan of the Franchise but this game just felt OK, least fun of the series. Still a good game but not the same, maybe if the dialogue and story were more interesting and funny like the other games the experience might have been better. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,261640,13846467,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,WhiteHigh,A good game but i agree with the other people saying its more of a expansion on borderlands 2. Very short but i do love the australian voice cast. G'day skippy!
,Recommended,261640,13848415,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Judgement,after playing this game i feel bad about killing jack in Borderlands 2
76561198010319484,Recommended,261640,13849079,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,yensidic3,"You were just duped into buying half a game for $60, you might as well play it."
76561198036249607,Recommended,261640,13849819,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheVirginSlayer,"My Fragtrap just yelled ""Science B#%$@""All arguments against this game are invalid. 10/10"
,Recommended,261640,13801184,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Deep-Sea Squeeze Trees,The hunt for loot continues
,Recommended,261640,13802909,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,$and nigga,mlg
,Not Recommended,261640,13868470,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rectus Dominus,"Meh. I loved Borderlands, and I loved Borderlands 2, but this one isn't new or refreshing. Yeah, even with the whole moon / low gravity thing, it's just a retread of Borderlands 2. Plus I don't find digging into Jack's pre-story that interesting. After all, you kill him at the end of Borderlands 2, so where's the suspense in this?If this game gets cheap (<$10) and you're bored, then go for it. It's not bad, it's just - a whole lot like Borderlands 2, which you've already played. Hopefully Borderlands 3 will be more fun and innovative."
76561197979963409,Not Recommended,261640,13869107,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Deadfish,"Please do not by this game.  I loved Borderlands but I got suckered into buying this thinking it was going to be something more. It is not, it's garbage.  Look at steam stats, more people play BL2 then this.  I also purchased the season pass likc a ♥♥♥♥tard and deleted it after the first ""DLC"". I hope that two people do not by this game or the season pass to make up for my horrible mistake.  Please, atone for my mistake and don't give these ♥♥♥♥ heads more money. I wish I never did."
,Recommended,261640,13870789,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,PicklesTheHobo,amazing game of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and shooting midgets in their smug little faces.
,Recommended,261640,13872207,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Grey The Hero,welp its just a tease for the upcoming borderlands 3... I highly recommend
,Recommended,261640,13859021,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Maxsterpiece,This game is one of the best but it does have a few downfalls.Firstly the game is very similar to the previous borderlands.The  game does have a tendancy to feel like a DLC.But besides that it is an action-packed game with awesome characters and a good story.8.5/10
,Recommended,261640,13861244,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rubbish King,"Picked it up for £15 in the sale, it's no Borderlands 2, but I like the direction the franchise is heading in."
,Recommended,261640,13862119,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Atomic Peach,It's like a half arsed BL2.. in space!
,Recommended,261640,13862806,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,donny,i enjoyed it. had a laugh and a half mate
76561198065329453,Not Recommended,261640,13864648,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,erik.simoneau,"By far, the worst game of the series. Plagued by incessant errand running and poorly executed humor, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel is an underwhelming addition to an otherwise endearing franchise."
76561198045774894,Recommended,261640,13853623,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Uncle Sam,Created the enemies and systems that I fought in Borderlands 210/10
76561198022223005,Recommended,261640,13853878,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Raaka,Awesome.
,Recommended,261640,13854530,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vladimirovich: Master Hacker,holy crap this game is goood!
,Recommended,261640,13855050,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Gero,"Im not a Reviewer but i want to recommend this game, i got so much fun in co-op and in solo, the humour is good, the gameplay is really niceI hope you will buy it, worth it with the season pass."
,Recommended,261640,13855325,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,joesoumphon,"Love it!!! played BL, BL2, and still currently playing this. Big game, Long story, Rich Gameplay, Hillarious content and dialougue!!! EA and 2K have outdone themselves again. Playing Solo is okay, But with friends I have a blast and have played from sunrise to sunset. Playing with Claptrap is a great addition to the series as well. Good job guys! keep up the good work!!!"
,Not Recommended,261640,13856141,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Rezz,"When I heard about this game coming out, I was eager to see what crazy and new things they would set their minds to for this one... I shouldn't have been.  This game had so much potencial that was thrown away as fast as my love for this game.Pro's:-Butt Smash-Lazer Guns-Alot More Bosses and Not Mini-Bosses (Not Just Ones Like Knuckledragger, BoomBewm, Flynt, etc.)-Low Gravity Fun-Cryo.-New Thing to Worry About When Battling-(ish): Oxygen-Grinder Feature-Money Now Has a Use Since You Get Better Guns From Shops-Semi-Fulfilling Ending... Semi-...-When You Get To Say ""Dead Guy Says You're a♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and Watching His Reaction (Those Who Actually Did Side-Quests Would Know What I'm Talking About)Con's:-Drop Rates of Oranges is Just Downright, Horribly, Sadistically Low-Most Bosses, You Won't Ever See Again 'Cuz No Respawns Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay t(T_Tt)-Blues Were Better Than Alot of Oranges (Mainly Aiming At The Shock Pistol With 100% Acuracy and Shot Lazers Making Nisha Beyond OP)-Nisha: Ability + Dual Vladof/Lazer Pistol= Deffinition of OP-Season Pass Not Worth It (Not Nearly The Ammount You Would Get With It On BL2)-Not Much Replay Value (This Depends On Whether Or Not You Found The Story Build-up To The End Worth It)-Alot Less Things To Kill-Dialogue Not Very Satisfying (You Want To Hear Random Mumbling?[Pre Sequel] Or You Want To Hear ""Seeeeeeeeeeemennnnnnnn?""[BL2])-The Accent Get's Annoying On The Caricatures After A While (Especcially On The Kid)-Final Boss Too Easy (Not Saying Warrior Was Any Better But Still)"
76561198004035212,Recommended,261640,13857792,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,luxv66,"I've mostly only played single-player so I can only comment on that.Like many others have said, it's basicaly Borderlands 2 with a few interesting and fun combat additions, mainly the low gravity jumping mechanic which is incredibly fun. It's hard to go back to the gravity of the previous Borderlands games after playing this.The game has the usual great, funny, goofy dialouge and characters that you get in a Borderlands game and the story is decently long. Plenty of sidequests to keep you busy as well. The main story will be around 25 hours of gameplay and if you do all of the sidequests, you could get 30-40 hours out of a single playthrough. A lot of people have said that it feels more like a BL2 DLC but I think it's big enough to stand on its own."
,Recommended,261640,13857867,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AngryGamerMom,So beautiful....I cried.......
,Recommended,261640,13858004,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Reigen,"If you have played Borderlands 2 and were expecting somthing BIGGER AND BETTER WITH MORE LOOT you might be dissapointed. They still hold your hand in the begining but overall gameplay is ok.  I would of liked to see better legendaries  and uniques and dlc, so far the new guns are meh, with some returning weapons like the ladyfist and others but renamed like the Probe, however if you are wanting to get into the franchise i would sugest this last, out of the three games its BL2 BL1 BLPS . They kinda rushed this game and theres barley any content and from the day im writing all the DLC are  extremly Bad and overpriced for what their worth, having played this game and doing most of the side quests, its more of a Borderlands 2 dlc and its not worth the price of 59.99 unless you got the winter sale like me. I would say If you wanted to get into the franchhise play Borderlands 2 First then this, Its way better than the pre Sequel. Although i have no hours on BL2 on my acc its because i played on Xbox then i moved away from crappy consoles and went to pc gaming. I probably had 200+ hr on BL2  i give it a 7/10 Could've been way better"
76561198077246628,Recommended,261640,13716112,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Diggily Bums,jack is an asswholebut we love ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s12/10
76561198012875506,Recommended,261640,13716242,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BoneDoc,"A good addition to the world, though similar to Borderlands 2.  Doesn't make it any less fun!"
76561198020639073,Recommended,261640,13135798,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,cianconner,Fun game. Entertaining characters. Claptrp is hilariou.
76561198113160239,Recommended,261640,13136043,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MushyPears,"I highly recommend this game to anybody who likes: comedy, action, guns, and guts gettin' blown up!"
,Recommended,261640,13137236,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,pickle rikc,Fly around and butt-slam things.
76561197991957914,Recommended,261640,13138134,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HeyBud,"Awesome game, If you don't like it, you can ♥♥♥♥ off"
76561198068604577,Recommended,261640,13051880,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Rymanharry,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS CUASE REASONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,13054970,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Neko,"Many improvements from Borderlands 2, but Doesn't have same...""addiction"" imo, and if you're on same or level below enemies they are REALLY bullet spongy while lower lvl enemies are still just as strong. Overall good sequel prequel 8/10"
,Recommended,261640,13055162,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ferrett321,"Have a lot of hours in this game, close to 200 as i speak.INTRO:I had extremely high hopes for this game since i never really played borderlands 2 to as much as other people did since i could only play it on rare occasions on a crappy xbox arcade (disclaimer: i went back, got the game for christmas and thoroughly played through on pc version recently).THE GAME:Most of the missions and hours you put into this game is work, not fun.dont get me wrong some parts are fun when you got 4 people in the same server you cant hear yourself think.with boring dialogue which is painful to listen with no skip option especially on TVHM.TVHM - complete the game once? do it again, we make you listen to all the crap again without asking.mission spolight: systems jammedthis mission was painful to do with minimal reward and boring dialogue from the people of concordia ie: nina, springs etc.sometimes i find myself playing this game for the wrong reasons, for eg playing the game hoping that DLC comes out which will turn the tables for this game and you being ready for it having all 5 classes level 50, best gear, storage chars etc.i know they had dlc pretty much ready to ditch at us ie jack.but it wasnt enough to keep me busy.final score thingy: 5/10recomendations: if you care about the story of borderlands you should proberly pick this up and the season pass, if not wait for Sales, DLC, if it looks good get the game, get friends.my grammer is terrible, sorry, not something i can really help."
76561198103099288,Recommended,261640,12960333,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Excellent Name,"if you enjoy lasr beams, low gravity parkour, and having no clue what anyone is saying, then this game is for you! Feauturing a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of weapons, funny dialogue filled with aussie slang and characters each with their own unique skill trees that allow for a different experience each playthrough. shame I have no friends and my life is horrible....still 10 out of 10, Im so lonelyyyyy"
76561198035549279,Recommended,261640,12961677,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sandvitchpirate,Pretty good. 8/10 IMHO.
76561197978655263,Recommended,261640,12962317,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ajsimpso,awesome
76561198003735361,Recommended,261640,12963603,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Shoe,is gud
76561198033928507,Recommended,261640,15243086,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,hagin315,It's a fun game and I've enjoyed the storyline.  Can't wait to see where thing's go from here!
76561198117861715,Recommended,261640,15243456,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Eloquently Spoken Mother Fucker,"like a crap version of Borderlands 2, but in space. A decent game but wait till the price lowers."
76561198041165169,Recommended,261640,15243775,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,crystall666,"TOTALLY awesome game, the jokes and the comedy make this gameexcellent storyline and game play. I love the way the graphics are done but might not suit everyoneClaptrap is hilarious as alwaysgreat multiplayer aspectHighly recommend"
76561198011022468,Recommended,261640,15243961,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SLEVE McDICHAEL,Jam City. Just like all the other Borderlands titles.
,Recommended,261640,15244369,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,What?,"this is a great game, i like the game play and i like the wepons, you can uses a blue wepon or a purple wepon and do ok, you dont just have to use legindries only to do damage like in borderland 2. I do not like the lighting as much as i did in borderlands 2; it is really good lighting it is just preferance that i like the in atmospheric lighting better."
,Recommended,261640,15245052,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jon,"[Review writen at 30.8 hours of gameplay with one playthrough only]Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is a first-person shooter game developed by 2K Australia with some help from Gearbox Software.Postives:+ The graphical details around the game is very well done.+ The new laser weapons are so fun to use! (And annoying to fight against)+ Never thought I'd get the chance to use my butt as a weapon against bandits!+ Added the first ever solo ride: The Stingray! ( First thing i did was fall into lava with it..]+ Vault hunters each has differernt speaches through playthroughs.+ Vault hunter abilitys are as fun as ever! (Played as jack, Can never invite enough jacks to a party!)+ Amusing main story plot. (Didn't do a lot of the side quests still)+ The Grinder: Finally a good use for those guns that normaly you'd just sell.Cons:- Enemies were plain. (They didn't say much during battle compared to borderlands 2.)- Music was somewhat plain (Personal opinion)- Not a lot of Auto-save locations. (May be positive depending if you like the added difficulty)Final thoughts/InfomationI Only played borderlands 2 so I kinda didn't get the plot at first till I did some reading of the first game. Highly suggest you play all borderland games before this one! I also played this game solo, which made it somewhat harder for a few bosses.. that proved to be rather difficult. Settings we're all on highest.Do I recommend this game for the current price of $60? That's a yes!"
,Recommended,261640,15239449,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Traxdata,Same engine as Borderlands 2 and great story too!
76561198091928297,Recommended,261640,14788305,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ShinFinKin,"Borderlands The presequel is a game worthy to be a ""presequel"" to borderlands 2, it has graphics, story, humor, crazy fun gameplay, and a ridiculous amount of weaponry . I heavily suggest you buy this game...well atleast when its on sale."
,Recommended,261640,14788407,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Light Saviour,"This games doesnt feel like a dlc as some people said,the story is original and the character are too !The humour is still over the top and its really enjoyable.9/10 You should totally buy it if you liked bl1/bl2"
,Recommended,261640,14791755,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Joe/Sam,Not as long as Borderlands 2 but still as epic!
,Recommended,261640,14882387,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tabloid,its a good game
,Recommended,261640,14873461,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,lel,worth the 60 bucks bruddah
76561198076596803,Not Recommended,261640,14963978,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,BaconPegasus,"Basicly Borderlands 2 with mildly better visuals and models, Fantasic story and better combat. The faults of this game outway the ups though. It re-uses so much of the previous its sick. Re-used voice lines, Example: Alot of nishas lines are word for word, the exact same as Kreigs from Borderlands 2. Re-used skins for guns, re-used legendarys/unique weapons. Same ui/overlay/hud. Farming for legendarys outside of a mechanic/machine in game called the grinder is impossible with out exploits, and even then, the grinder doesnt always give what you want, and can give you something you already have, and even this can be passed wiith exploits. The reason its impossible is because they though it was a good idea for enemys that drop them to never respawn after being killed, there are a few accpetions to the list though. There is a different weapon type here, lasers. Though they are now the best in game, making almost every class build be made wtih laser weapons making all other weapons pointless, ESPECIALLY fire weapons with having the game mostly be in suspended space meaning, no oxygen to burn, in most areas. Theres also a type of item to replace artifacts, o2 kits. they add buffs depending on what they do, basicly the same thing as artifacts, but here they let you stomp on people while suspended in air at the cost of some of the oxygen you carry which can be used with one of these on. They also let you glide for a some extra distanve. A lot of stupid choices were also made for updates, nerfing a gun with an intended use to heal yourself, then taking it away from that gun. What was the point of putting it in the game in the first place if you didn't want people to use it? Nerfing melee shields because they were ""too op."" Then right after, releasing a dlc character than can kill the only raid boss in the game very quickly without even doing anything besides activating their ability, looking at you doppleganger. Overall, bad game. If you want it badly, wait for some sort of sale as usual."
,Recommended,261640,14942673,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sicarius Avindar,"Good game, lot of fun, can't recommend it enough... after the next patch to remove a few bugs from Aurelia DLC/Patch"
,Recommended,261640,14966816,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,LCCX,"About as good as Borderlands 2. The funny dialogue is still there, the levelling system is a bit smoother (IMHO an improvement), and there are a couple new mechanics that work out reasonably well (the ginder and low gravity)."
76561198059531909,Recommended,261640,14969617,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Owned,"The best thing about a Pre-quel is that you get to see the events that unfolds leading up to the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2. This game really sate my curiosity on the origins of Jack and Wilhelm and why did all the annoying yet iconic Clap Trap units exist. The only problem I had with this installment compared to the other Borderland games is that there arent many new loots or legendaries , and the fact that you cant farm bosses repeated like the last games makes it even frustating if you didnt get that specific loot from the boss drop."
,Not Recommended,261640,15254043,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,nimblebanana,"I didn't really like this game as much as Borderlands 2.  The atmosphere is dull and depressing.  I didn't think the jokes were that funny either.  If you're a hardcore Borderlands fan, I guess pick it up, otherwise... you can safely pass on this title.  Tales From The Borderlands is a MUCH better buy, though not an FPS."
76561198044722723,Recommended,261640,15267904,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,bellmontviktor,"This Borderlands Game adds to the Franchise of success. Taking Part Between The old Part one and the Newer Style part 2. It Gives a Combination of all the Good elements to sharpen the experience you have to immerse yourself into the game,If you are NEW to the Borderlands Series I highly Recommend trying This one First. Borderlands IS NOT your Stereotypical first person shooter running around franticly . This Game Has been Designed for all walks of life in Gaming, Even for people Who are afraid they cannot aim properly.Some debate is upon The DLC's Mainly the HoloDome being useless besides gaining levels.Maybe 1 new monster and same areas. Most peoples Opinion was a 5minute Thought DLC . The Only Current DLC Worth its pay  is CL4P Traps Mind DLC. The DLC is a Fun Ride  Through CL4P's Mind.The 2 New Charecters Jacks Body Double. and The Baroness are Super powerful charecters to have fun with or help friends. They are Also recommended .   Jack is a Tank Type with abilitys to continualy save the group and his own♥♥♥♥♥♥The Baroness is a Crowdcontrol Area effect Sniper . Using Blizzards and Storms to freeze enemies. Both Highly Addictive.One the Few games I would take time to Write a Review about. This is One"
76561198120889243,Recommended,261640,15258347,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,xlxDRiiFTxlx,Awesome game
76561198220214488,Recommended,261640,15274040,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,J0N827,"I personally love the game's story wether it be in single player or in multyplayer. It has been amazing playing both although I do recomend using a head set or just some earphones with mic capabilty, you just get to enjoy the game better. It unfortunatley doesn't seem to have the same amount of content in the entire game in comparison to Borderlands 2. This is a minor downfal of the entire game it does seem to fit the size of Borderlands 2 with the season pass, but that is not including the DLCs of Borderlands 2. Over all the game is amazing and have really high hopes for a Borderlands 3 arival."
76561198144898333,Recommended,261640,15277834,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,markharkus,fab game worth the money to buy
76561198076430022,Recommended,261640,15396447,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,King Pringle,VERY GOOD GAME LOVED EVERY MINUTE COULD USE A FEW CHANGES BUT WHAT GAME DOESNT CANT WAIT FOR BL3 OR BL CLASSIC REMATERED... :-)
76561198036554932,Not Recommended,261640,15399228,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Nexus-Prista,"Although the game is nice, awesome and delightful (easier gameplay, better skill/characters/environment/level design than BL2..but bunch of holes for you to fall and have to restart at checkpoint). But the fact that the developers are not even take care their own game even it just minor bugs or glitch (ALL of the BL games), it says something about the dev. They do not want to polish the game as best as possible which is terrible and too lazy. Example: Glitches, bugs, unbalance level design, unbalance characters, unbalance guns...and bunch of technical issues.AND as of today. 2K Australia is closed. It already tell everyone that this game's future has ended. It is ashamed to say like this but it is so rare that other developers will buy the game to make it for their own to make it (even Gearbox has making this game together with 2K Australia but I don't think that they will continue this..Look at lazy game management of BL2).I suggest that you MUST STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME and Gearbox's game at all cost. Because right now I don't see a bright light for this game anymore. Unless this game's bundle is discounted to 9.99 dollars or 3 dollars (if saying in the investor ways) or you want to see some futuristic gun designs like Maliwan and Vladof.PS I feeling so bad to say goodbye to my 53 Aurelia, 36 Wilhelm, 30 Nisha, 14 Claptrap, 8 Athena and 8 Double Jack... But this is it."
76561197998276877,Recommended,261640,12506074,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,{NS}☠Grimm☠™,now that the new DLC is out made this game a little more fun
,Recommended,261640,15415618,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,theFISCHERcat,"While I do recommend this game to fans of the franchise, I personally am going back to BL2. The lack of content that is available in TPS compared to 2 is astonishing. Granted, a lot of 2's content was the headhunter packs, heads/skins, and character packs.I've played through the first playthrough of TPS including the available DLC content: Holodome and Claptastic. While they were both enjoyable, they also felt lackluster. The addition of the gltich weapons was fun and brought a new level of random to TPS.All in all, it's a decent game with a story that puts things into perspective for you, especially if you couldn't figure out why Handsome Jack was the villain in the first place.6.5/10, heading back to BL2."
76561198136203188,Recommended,261640,15404515,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Nekropolix,Buy this game. 10/10
,Recommended,261640,15410169,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Teddie Take Your Heart,Borderlands the pre-sequal is an ok game with everyone compairing it to the borderlands 2 it dosnt hold up. no responable mission bosses without a dlc is realy bad it ruins the farming experince of the game and is a big prob for a stand alone and what made borderlands one and two so good is a sad daybois but with some of the dlce u can bumo the value of the game higher. stand alone this game is 5/10 with all dlc 7/10 get the game a reduce price not worth a full 60-50 bucks
76561198036090470,Recommended,261640,15109500,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nagha,get it
76561197984582837,Recommended,261640,15110923,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,GeneratorABR,"Well i'll make it Short, BDL The pre-sequel deserve a 4/10, here'S why:- For a game that costs 93$ --( $60(game) + 33$(Season pass) )  I would expect more.-if you got only the basic game.. you'll finish the game quickly and get bored fast,-Good game-Too Short-Lack of Creativity (thats my opinion) we are far here from BDL 2.-DLC DLC DLC DLC so you need the season pack that cost 33$ to get the FULL Game, if not u got a partial game.-Ok you dont need the Vault hunter pack upgrade if u play offline, but if you want to team with ppl u'll need it.-too Expensive (we pay for the Franchise Name only)for a 100 bucks game.... im very disapointed, 100$ for now, if they arent doing Season pass 2 .....Good Game... too expensiveImo, make it 60$ for the whole game (that mean you pay once and get the DLC FREE)but once again i know that if it was like that they will not bother with DLC... anyway thats my opinion"
76561198131798873,Not Recommended,261640,19028696,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,takopants,"The Pre-Sequel, compared to 2, feels a bit...off. I've noticed some cutscenes have really weird directing, the action lacks a certain OOMPH. Now I haven't played 2 recently enough to be able to compare it.Gameplaywise they didn't really change much besides give you a SLAM attack and the new cryo weapons. Sadly, they removed slag.Storywise it feels like a bit of a cash-in in regards to Jack. I did enjoy Moxxie, Janey and Felicity, tho.The world feels empty, visually most areas blend together, I can hardly tell them apart. Like yes this plays on the moon but jesus.Overall I'd say if you're considering playing Borderlands, buy 2. If you're a fan of the series, go ahead and buy TPS, it's pretty cheap now. It just gives me a bit of a bland feeling."
76561198074371756,Not Recommended,261640,19022440,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Randy Savage,"I would not recomend this game for to play.  The new 2K people working on this does not know how to make a Borderlands game that has rich story.  The main game has only one raid boss while the other Borderlands had mulitple.  But I did enjoy the new ablities such as the ground pound, but doesn't like the Oz aspect of the game.  It gets very repetitive to find a pore in the moon and fill up the Oz.  You would be better off playing Borderlands 2 than play this game."
,Not Recommended,261640,19011140,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,no pucks given,"review in 2 parts :1) for ppl who never played borderlands2) for those who played BL1 / BL2Game time : BL2 - 800 hours  BL TPS - 30So, for the new guys, this game is just amazing.  I would still recommend you to start at least with BL2 in order to get a grip on the story, or you can just find some youtube vids on the storytelling.  Lots of humour, great gameplay, funny shooting, kind of reminds me of serious sam back in the days.For people who actually played BL2, i cant say that this new game is as good as i expected after all the hype around.Issues for me :I dont know how borderlands came up with the idea of these multiple walkthrough needed,but it seems game needs to be played like this : 1 walkthrough, that gets you to lvl 25-29, then you abandon it for a year and forget what it is, then play it again, and if you wanna go further, investign your money into incredible addons that only add you lvl cap, you repeat the process.- Game is fun, but as it tells you itself, the true experience comes after 1 playthrough. And that is kind of annoying. If you already played, it should have the option to go on medium / hard right away, giving you mb some lvls to start with.Having to play the game freaking 3 times to actually get max lvl is pretty annoying, as every single play is the same, and you still cant combine lvl gain / game mode with other caracters.- the missions :  running around back and forth, exciting !  Wastes a lot of time just walking around.The quest system still sucks IMO, cause you can only have 1 mission active - so if you visit an area where you have 5 objectives for different missions, you will see only the active one.But its ok, you can place waypoints on the map, right ? NO, you can place ONLY ONE, for some reason.So basically or you need to check every single mission if it has objectives, or screw you.- The humour. is still the same.- Story: pretty cool but short - seems more like a good dlc than an actual game.The new gun types are sure fun, but these are just gun types.You can see that the developpers pretty much have no idea what to do next - they start to recycle the enemies / monsters / caracters  trying to do smthing new, but they kidn of fail.- Loot: for sure one of the key aspects of the game. Even more so you need to have respawn points near the boss since sometimes you gonna kill them hundreds of times to farm your legendary.Are there any spawns near the boss ? apart the last one, hardly.so:this game is actually more of an addon, worth mb 20 bucks, but not more.Made me sad to see the glitches from BL2 still present after a year this game has been relesed."
76561198025183195,Not Recommended,261640,18953682,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kettle,This game... was very short and insulting.
,Recommended,261640,18978446,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Drunken Sailor,Great game
,Recommended,261640,13145989,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,my name is Scottapotamus,"This game is the basic ♥♥♥♥♥ of the Borderlands IP. You know what you are getting into. It's well made for the aesthetic, but not ambitious in the slightest."
,Recommended,261640,13146080,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ShadowsLight,"A very funny game to Borderlands fans, only criticism is its length"
,Recommended,261640,13193909,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Gadzooks,"All the action, guns, and fun of the 2nd game, in a new setting. If you love borderlands, you will enjoy this game, but its not nearly as good as the 2nd one. It feels more like a very long DLC.The new zones look nice, but are not very well designed as far as game flow goes. You end up going back through the same areas over and over and over again, and it gets old real fast.The new characters lack the ""pizzaz"" that typical borderlands characters have. They are very forgetable characters, and you simply dont care about them. Typical borderlands character either make you love them, or hate them. Characters in the presequel (new ones) simply make you not care one way or the other.And then there is Jack. Jack in my opinion, is the coolest video game villian to come about in the last 10 or more years. You love him, and you hate him. You want to laugh at him, you want to kill him, and cant wait to see what he does next, no matter how shocking or disturbing it might be. This game gives you a chance to experience Jacks character a lot more, without doing the typical lame ""video game villian that keeps coming back from the dead"" BS.The coolest thing about this game however is how they tell the story to you, and how it not only fills in SO many gaps between BL1 and BL2, but paves the road for future Borderland content. It will be interesting to see what sort of DLC comes out for this game, hopefully something on par with Dragon Keep (not keeping my hopes up though). Just all the little touches too, filling in the lore of the game that you never stopped to think about, but when you see it in this game you cant help but say ""Oh... LOL... THATS how things came to be? awesome!""So is it worth it? Is it a good game? Its pretty obvious that this game lacked the special ""touch"" that the BL2 had. Sure, it looks like borderlands, sounds like borderlands, explodes like borderlands... but it just doesnt feel like borderlands as much as it should. Still, for fans of the series, its worth getting, especially after it goes on sale or drops in price, just for the storyline alone (you know the gunplay is fun too.) You may not find yourself wanting to play through 3 different difficulty modes, or get all the characters to max level, but its easily enjoyable enough to play through with a friend at least once or twice. (what? You are playing these games solo? bah!)"
,Recommended,261640,13194399,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DavidIsWinning,"A lot of people complain that this is nothing more than a huge DLC for Borderlands 2, even if thats the case, this is definitely worth it. Both BL2 and BL:TPS are great games and I would recommend to anyone!"
,Recommended,261640,13194647,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,JobiusRex,"If more Borderlands is what you're after, then you've come to the right place. This game is buckets of fun but if you're looking for a great leap foward in terms of gameplay or mechanics they won't be here."
,Recommended,261640,13195035,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Killa,"Good game, but feels like a long dlc of borderlands 2."
76561198038785264,Recommended,261640,13195928,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Brad,:)
76561198048803162,Recommended,261640,13199524,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,anncafeire,"This is the most diverse FPS RPG I have ever played and I LOVE that about it. I have multiple female playable characters to choose from including a PoC female (which is the first time I've been able to play as myself in a videogame), canon MOGII characters that are critical to the storyline and not solely driven by their sexuality, condemnation of non-player characters who display distcrimination against the MOGII characters, and on top of all that, the game-engine where you get to bounce around in space works really well for combat. It's like they took my favorite FPS RPG (B2) and gave it everything I could ask for in the characters and play-style."
,Not Recommended,261640,15308083,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,BronzeBomber,"It looks like Borderlands, sounds like Borderlands, but this is NO Borderlands.  The writing, setting, and NPCs are all forgettable and lack any of the fun of the BL 1 and BL 2.  They managed to make even make Jack boring.   The only thing this game has going for it are playable Clap, Jack and other interesting characters from BL2.  Save your time, and go play Borderlands 2 with all fo the expansions,  Torgue and Tina expansions are both far better than this entire game."
,Recommended,261640,13367717,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Vicodin,i love this game more than life itself
76561198023035627,Recommended,261640,13367726,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,₩☆☆eyelessvkiller☆☆₩,"({{SHORT REVIEW}})borderland the pre-sequel is extremely entertaining game but flaws story length for example the main story is shorter than borderlands 2 the recent updates have made it extremely hard to ""farm"" for legendary weapons and there have been one or two glitches but in the main run the game is very fun and interesting though out most of my experience the game is extremely time consuming since the last update the legendary drop rate has lessened dramatically but all in all the game was fun i do recommend it but it will be a constant struggle for weapons , shields ... etc.PS .hope this helps"
,Recommended,261640,13368596,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,keastfromtheeast,An incredibly fun game.
,Recommended,261640,13370251,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Arcane Architect,Very much a repack of the Borderlands 2 gameplay with a different story. Still a great game though.
76561198074644941,Recommended,261640,13370323,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ㅅㅁ됴대ㅜ,"Needs more Chapters please ,and you should really do a Moxxi Dollopenger pack for Moxxi (Vault Hunter) ."
,Recommended,261640,13372976,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kygazi,"This game is like Pure Heaven. The gameplay is just 100% perfect, so fluid and intense action everywhere."
76561197972289733,Recommended,261640,13373625,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,neo_merc,"Played through the campaign as Athena. I enjoyed this game but not really as much as the first two. It is still worth playing it just feels a bit watered down. When BL2 came out it was an improvement over the first, this one just seems to bring more of the same.PROAnti Gravity - Adds an extra element to the exploration of maps and allows for larger, more open areas.Frikkin' Lasers - Probably my favorite weapon type in this gameGrinder - Great way to try and get loot using lesser dropsCONAnti Gravity - Nothing like killing an enemy and watching him kick your loot into space during his death throes.Character Development - I only played Athena but apparently the story is only told through her POV, no matter who you pick. I never really got the feel for how to capitalize on her skill trees. NPCs are not nearly as entertaining as previous offerings.Unoriginal - Other than the anti gravity and lasers, this game feels like it could have been dlc for bl2. Most of the enemies are just like enemies from bl2 but with different looks.In summation, this game is a great way to scratch that Borderlands itch while you wait for BL3. I am glad overall that I got it, I did enjoy it, I was just not as impressed by it as I was the first two. I think I'm gonna go try Tales from the Borderlands next. Good luck."
76561198067760341,Recommended,261640,13373747,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,IGetWaffles,"It's simple, if you liked the first 2 games you will like this one. This one ads a few elements that make the game new and I think more enjoyable."
,Recommended,261640,13363203,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Mr. Salad,"if gearbox would lower the price from 49,99 to 29,99 I would be fine with itother then the price. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! sure the game dosnt last that longbut theres enough side missions to do. still if your the type of guy who ignores side missionsand just go through the main then this game wont last long. took me and my friend 3 daysto finish the main and ALL side missions. sounds lenghty but Borderlands 2 took us a whole week.how? well theres alot more to do. and theres just SO MANY FREAKIN SIDE MISSIONS!"
,Recommended,261640,13364507,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Rabid_Horse 62,I like this game and how it fills in the story. I really like the chracaters and skill trees. I just feel theres not much to do endgame though. Overall i give this game a 8/10
,Recommended,261640,13548302,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lyanor,WOOT more bad♥♥♥♥♥randomness!!!!!
,Recommended,261640,14497917,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fat Cat,Had to call someone a♥♥♥♥♥♥for a quest.10/10
,Not Recommended,261640,14499536,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,the mortiest morty,"it feels and it IS like a Big DLC for Borderlands2 the errors and bugs from bl2 remain in this game and it doesn't feel by a long shot as fun as BL2also, there is a lack of humor compared to bl1 & 2what annoyed me a lot is the lack of good eastereggs and Bosses to lootand even thou they put in laser guns the weapons remain the same; except the legendary ones which were nerfed down a lot (conference call)The story feels unpolished too and i (subjectively) whished do know more about Atlas and S&S."
,Recommended,261640,14510249,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,King,"My initial impression of the Pre-Sequel was that it was simply a remake of the orginal bordelands and often exhausted territory was used from Borderlands 2 with the same hud and same Graphics with somewhat limited innovation. I only recommend this game if you are a true fan of the Borderlands series as the only thing differnet in this game from all the other Borderlands is the story, you won't get much excitment out of it."
76561198095210743,Recommended,261640,14510358,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ainsley Harriott,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN! BEST GAME EVER! TARGETED FOR AWESOME PEOPLE WHO DONT HAVE TIME FOR BORING GAMES! TORQUE!! WEEEEEEEOWEEEEEEEEEEEWWWOEWOOOOOWWWEEEOOW!!!!!!!!!!
76561198004542335,Not Recommended,261640,14551764,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Whiskey Icarus,Want to play Borderlands 2 again without any of the characters that made you laugh?  Well then buy the Pre-Sequel.
,Recommended,261640,14552806,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Koya Dusk,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is still a borderlands game. It may be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ poorly concieved cousin of Borderlands, but it's still fun to play, it still has great looting, great gameplay, and ok storyline.However, the glitches suck♥♥♥♥♥and it seems unfinished and unrefined.Basically. Buy this game if you really liked BL2 and are willing to deal with a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Otherwise, keep moving folks."
76561198060773066,Recommended,261640,14553301,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,cheese fish,"Another Borderlands game that has yet to let me down! However, as many people say, it should have been a DLC. This game is in no way, shape, or form, worth $60. I only bought this game when it was half off and I'm glad I did. I beat the story line and about 70% of the side missions in 3 days, it just seems so short. Awesome game, just not worth paying full price!"
,Not Recommended,261640,14471436,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,"Cargøn, lord of file cabinets","Alright. Getting to it. I picked this game up on sale for half its price (30$) and I still feel a little bit butt busted over it. I have written 2 reviews of this game, but both were minor variations of ""this game has australia in it"". So getting right to it, this game is threadbare and not worth your money at full price until there are a few major changes. There are four new characters. Three of them are actually a valid choice. However, while in borderlands 2 I felt inclined to build into every tree, it seems that blue is always just a little bit better than the others. If you don't build blue, things just aren't as ridiculous. This is a bit of a nitpick, though, because when you get to it all of them are fun and just because there's one good build doesn't mean it's the only one. The story and side quests are frail from lack of attention, many are indeed some fraction of funny but humour alone does not a game make. It's like an MMO, go here and shoot men so you can go over there and shoot men. Good, now grab stuff and trudge all the way back to concordia because I own you ♥♥♥♥♥. The game is calling out for a dlc, and that is something that is almost disgusting to say. With the speed that some of the character packs were released a lesser man would say that they intentionally cut content to get a bigger price tag but that is beneath me (actually it's not). Borderlands is a grindy franchise, so the logical conclusion is to scissor out the majority of the farmable bosses and carbon copy the legendaries from bl2. On the plus side, the unfarmability is taken with some salt as you can use the new grinder to turn your♥♥♥♥♥♥weapons into decent ones. This takes away some player control, though, and I'd prefer it if there was some way to make sure that you got a certain legendary instead of letting jesus decide the difference between a Hammer Buster and a Veruc (that's not what it's called but you're not fooling anyone 2kaus). Money and rarity have both been warped, as the economy has been flushed and vault hunting just don't pay like it used ta'. The game will taunt you with legendaries and blues that it knows you can't afford. In most cases you already have the thing you wanted and you're given an overpriced thing with minor variations, good and bad, that you can totally do without. That last sentance is near word-for-word how I would summarize BLTPS. With the way 2k australia did this game, I'd say that they should probably get elbowed out of the next borderlands' production. Get on sale or don't get at all."
76561197981477982,Not Recommended,261640,14562114,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,NinjaMidget,"Pretty good game, but should have been an update package rather than a full $59 game.  Basically BL2 with low grav and a new story.  Nothing much new here"
,Recommended,261640,14564827,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SnowFlake,Good with a side of meh.
76561197995283285,Recommended,261640,14567010,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dr. Poof,"Loved Borderlands.REALLY loved Borderlands 2!Kinda like this one.The variable gravity is a fun addition, as is the need for oxygen.I like the new weapon characteristics.  Nice to see more blaster-type weapons.Still waiting for my exploding sniper rifle...Vehicles are predictable but fun.  Maps are big and missions are long... but it felt like I finished much quicker.Like the bigger bosses.PhysX seems to run better with this version as well.Think I'll play through with a couple more character classes and see if it unlocks more fun :)"
76561198079433988,Recommended,261640,13841772,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dr. Acula,Honestly people give this game crap for being short and not having the charm of the sequel but it still is a good game with decent length. Sure it has multiple playtroughs and runs on the same engine but still makes for a good game as a fan of the borderlands games.
76561198064271999,Recommended,261640,13182725,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ImThePrometheus,this game is amazing!
76561197998401250,Recommended,261640,13183087,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Keeflookeem,Hillarious! More fun than a barrel of midget psychos!
,Recommended,261640,13149462,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Big B0ss,"Great game if you are a big borderlands fanm only grip would it lacking a bit of the charm that the second one had, but in the end its more borderlands, and we were all expecting this not to be anything more then a extention on the series rather then a revolution in it."
,Recommended,261640,13150134,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TeaRex ¬ Gameye,Nothing more than FUN!
,Recommended,261640,13150152,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EscoWorld,Having a great time enjoying many hilarious hijinks while exploring the moon with Handsome Jack's as my co-star!
,Recommended,261640,13150758,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sol-Illumous,"If you liked Borderlands 2 and want more, this game is perfect for you. If you are looking for a completely new experience from Borderlands 2, you might want to reconsider. Keep in mind that The Pre-Sequel was not designed to be ""Borderlands 3."" Think of it more of a full game sized DLC to Borderlands 2 where Slag has been replaced with Ice weapons (Cryo), low-gravity combat has been added, and lasers take front stage as a major new weapon type.I personally find TPS a very fun game to play. The base character classes this time around are much more complex than in Borderlands 2 (and in my opinion much more fun), more equal to the intricate levels of the second games two DLC characters Gaige the Mechromancer and Krieg the Psycho. Despite it not being a completely new experience, the game is still very well worth its pricetag with about 60 hours of gameplay if you are trying to reach the level cap and finish both playthroughs (playthrough 1 took me about 30 hours to clear the first time).Again, this game is not for people who are looking for ""Borderlands 3"" but those who want to eat more Borderlands 2 in a fresh and exciting new way while buttslamming enemies on the moon!"
,Recommended,261640,13151352,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Philip J. Fry,"This is a good game, but it is more like dlc for borderlands 2 as it only has  a few added features."
76561197971483125,Recommended,261640,13151449,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Daruna,"Play this game, you will enjoy it if you can ignore some points.the following review is based on twenty hours play:For all intents and purposes, this game is nothing more than a standalone mod & expansion pack of Borderlands 2. For me that's a good thing, I’m comfortable with more content for BL2 but not sure about the price point on that. 8/10 in comparison to a 10/10 Borderlands 2.Features:The new oxygen feature is merely an aggravation to me and doesn't add any further enjoyment although the sound effects when moving between air and vacuum are immersive.--The weapons are identical to BL2-- with the new laser type added, they and the new freeze damage type are a lot of fun, particularly the ""super soaker"" type (as I describe it).The pastel shaded art style, driving mechanics, characters, story arc and everything else you can think of:will all be very familiar if you have spent a few hours wandering Pandora. I will say though that the subtle hints of social justice written into BL2 become overt (except for other subjects where the commentary is brutally insensitive). Expect to be bombarded with comments about misogyny and gay acceptance at every available opportunity. Its relentless and almost as annoying as the Borderlands in Australia theme we get this time. A lot of the voice acting is facepalm terrible, the mobs speech is not funny this time and the design principles just have an obvious Chinese whispers feel to them in that the message gets to you but not as it was originally intended.To close on some positive points:There is a huge map to explore with many new types of creatures and mobs to take down.The vending machines sell more useful stuff than in BL2.Its lightweight and will run well on an average PC.Without spoilering, BL2 fans will enjoy the back story.The new character mechanics are interesting.If you are interested in being part of something fun, there are a couple of “loot caves” similar to destiny at present. I’ve seen no mention of patching them out either.Last thing. Last night I found an Eridium slab last night, give it a smack with your weapon if you find it. :3"
,Recommended,261640,13152899,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,hellcase.com OatMeal,This is a really fun game.  If you like bullet hell and awesome loot then get this game.  It is a great pre-sequel aswell.
,Recommended,261640,13154936,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Proteus6,"Decent story, great replayability, and plenty of references to sons of taints. The only downside is how short the main questline is. 9/10"
76561198021222870,Recommended,261640,13154945,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sync,This game is a reskin of Borderlands 2. Nuff said.
,Recommended,261640,13155206,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Para,"I loved it for the first 24 hours, after playing as an awesome fragtrap, my time was done for the game waiting now patienty for the next dlc's i feel as if this game should have been a 30 dollar or 25 dollar dlc with side dlc, i spent around 80-90 dollars on this title and i regret it so. The side missions and main missions were too fast and i don't feel very excited to play another borderlands unless we have diffrent verities to work with.THIS IS A YES/ NO REVIEW BUT I AM POSTING IN THE YES"
76561198040888323,Recommended,261640,13352688,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,The Jackster,Oh my what a game
,Recommended,261640,13353712,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,lor,"Lemme just some this bad boy into a simple PROS/CONS list.PROS+ Good story with attention to small details in the overall plot. EX:There's picture of Angel on Jack's desk. After Moxxi/Lillith/Rolands's betrayal, the picture is facedown on his desk.+ Please bury me in a pit of the voice acting so I can die happy.+ Art style is still amazing. I can see minor improvements in the graphics compared to BL2.+ Humor! Jokes! Refrences! Internet Memes! Good! (Not forced, just placed when needed. Memes are always good tho.)+ It's ♥♥♥♥in Australia, but on a moon. AUSTRALIA ON THE ♥♥♥♥IN' MOON.+ Cyro weapons/Butt Slams are gr8+ WE GOT US SOME LBTQ+ REPRESENTATION. YEAH SON.+ Cool achievements for all my fellow achievement junkies.CONS- I personally found the game to be VERY generous with moonstone, exp, and high rated loot. That's just me though. This is coming from the person who got 4 legendaries on their first playthrough of BL2.- Getting to the level cap in BLTPS is MUCH easier then getting to the level cap in BL2- The game just doesn't seem as solid as BL2 was. Not sure how to explain it. But yeah.- The game itself is pretty much one giant spoiler for anyone who hasn't played/finished BL2.- THE PRICE. I bought the game because i'm an impulse buyer and I love the series (too much). The game isnt worth $60 bucks (90 if you get the season pass). I personally would place it around $30-40.BOTTOM LINEI reccomend this game. HOWEVER, I'd reccomend buying it during a sale/when the price goes down. Unless you're a veteran of the series, i'd reccomend not buying it at full price. If you want to get into the series, go buy/play BL2 or BL1 first. If you do go ahead and buy it, I reccomend the season pass as well. This time all the DLC will be included in the pass. So it's actually a season pass this time."
76561198038639710,Recommended,261640,13357442,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Xantholne ｡◕‿‿◕｡,Feels like a Borderlands Copy Cat
76561198003776075,Recommended,261640,13375657,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,smasher85,If you enjoyed previous Borderlands gmaes then this should be more fun of a similar kind. Plenty of action and tongue-in-cheek humour throughout.
,Recommended,261640,13383382,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Supersuperjamie,"After several thousand hours on the previous games across all formats I was quite looking forward to this. It's well worth a bash if you have some friends to play with, carnage is always more fun when you're doing it naked with three friends.And Maverick? You'll get your ride when you get to your ship. But if you don't, give me a call, I'll fly with ya..."
76561198001902254,Recommended,261640,13384686,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wraith Babes,No matter what this is the most entertaining game ive ever played!<3
76561198050613767,Recommended,261640,13397906,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BreadSawks society.gg,not as good as Bl2 but still k
,Recommended,261640,13398438,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bruj,"Once again, Gearbox has hit it out of the park. Seeing the ""humble"" beginnings of Jack and other characters that we know and loathe (maybe a little bit of love for one or two of them..), was very cool and interesting to experience. If you are a fan of the Borderlands series, dont think twice about getting this. It's still early on, so don't fret and worry that there isn't much to do when you hit max level. Like all the previous entries, give it time and there will be more to do!"
,Recommended,261640,13399177,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Vault Hunter302,"Pretty cool game. Doesn't have that same feel as the other borderlands. I do understand why they put in the moon jumps cuz it feels awesome rain bullets  from high up on top of your enemies then slaming to the ground. Feels soooo good but it still feels like something is missing in this game they would make it authentic borderlands. But until I can figure out what that is, I can say that this is still a great borderlands game and it deserves to played for hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,261640,13497049,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ThE mIgHtY sPuD,Hours of Madness Related FUN!! Played all the Borderlands Games and This is by far my favourate one.
76561198089699063,Recommended,261640,13498050,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Doctor Vens,I recommend this game only if have played ALL the other borderlands. Besides this is just a REALLY overpriced version of borderlands 2.
,Recommended,261640,13498339,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Wolfsbane28,Love this game! Lasers and BUTTSLAMS!
,Recommended,261640,13500934,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,PanzerWaffle987,"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel...OH BOY!I like this game. But I don't love it like I do Borderlands 2. The main faction behind this is because of the major lack of re-playablility and end-game, just 2 of many of the things that Borderlands is known for! For Borderlands fans, the game will be fun in new vault hunter mode but after that... well, its a major disapointment. Bad stuff aside, tps has possibly the best storyline and elements of all the borderlands games, but yet it still is a huge 'go ♥♥♥♥ yourself' from Gearbox, in pretty much everyone's opinion. So pretty much, 7/10 overall, 5/10 endgame and 5/10 replayability. I do still recommend tps though because its still a borderlands game and its still really fun, but compared to the rest of the series, in a few years this will be the game that 'people imagine never existed'."
,Recommended,261640,13501379,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DoomGuy,ProsMore stuffinnovativeImproved movment (jetpack)zer gravity adds more ways to moveconscouple of bugs (not too bad)more of the samecouple of difficulty spikesoverall great game in my oppinion more of the same which is still good since I enjoyed this formulae rather this time its not recycled its more of an innovative and different blands 2Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys the franchise
,Recommended,261640,13502290,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Skag Lick,"Very much Borderlands 2, with a few minor differences to freshen up the play. For example, relics are gone and replaced with a plethora of o2 pack options including a jet pack/slam attack. I haven't hacked too far into the story but it feels like a well fleshed-out DLC and makes a change of scenery after hundreds of hours in BL2, overall 8/10."
76561197985029831,Recommended,261640,13502784,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,nathan.hoffmann,"If you liked the first two Borderlands games you will like this one.  It's shorter than 2, and the fights aren't as hectic/exciting, but you get to float around butt-slamming people, and that's aces."
,Recommended,261640,13503219,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CogNitive,Excellent game if you liked the other Borderland games!
76561198043235193,Recommended,261640,13444644,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mystsym,Badass
76561198121498789,Not Recommended,261640,12493905,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DukeNuka,This game shouldn't be full price. If you want a borderlands game buy the first and the second one for the same price as this game. Those two are 100 time better.
,Recommended,261640,15067149,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Yami,11/10 would play melee only again.
76561198049225081,Recommended,261640,15070492,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,pbabinec,Good old Borderland-style FPS! Lotta fun with the low gravity...
,Recommended,261640,15082722,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Professor Piss,"Every wanted to play as that boss in Borderlands 2 that sucked?...The one in the main story......IT'S WIHLELMOr go into CL4P-TP's code?*Or how about seeing the world how it was before the line of CL4P-TP units were ended?Do you want to have aimbot, without hacking in an FPS?And finally,do you want to play as amistakehighly experimental prototype with a gag that may/may not have be taken from TF2? (For those unfimiliar, I'm talking about the high five partner taunt from the game)Or learn how the main antagonist from Borderlands 2 became CEO of Hyperion?THEN THIS GAME'S FOR YOU!(Of course, unless you answered no to the majority of the questions...)*Question is only answered via DLC"
76561198000458255,Recommended,261640,15083273,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,more like border BLANDS ahhahahhahah just kidding this game is fun you should buy it because i said it's fun and you should trust me because i'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the internet have a nice day
76561198030132547,Not Recommended,261640,15083257,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Silvite,This game needs Optional AI teammates. It is boring enough to put someone to sleep otherwise. If you have three buddies to call on at all hours though it is great. Punishing the player for not having  much of a social life seems to be popular with a lot of games.
,Recommended,261640,15085542,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kaishakunin,"A very good game on it's own, but, like it advertises, it is NOT a sequal to BL2.It introduces awesome and fun new mechanics such as Lasers, Cryo, Low-Gravity, Jump-and-Slam packs, and has a lovely soundtrack.The bad part comes from the sheer apathy from the narrative and the wastes of potential. The game has low-gravity environments, but has only a few flying enemies. None of the quests or characters are that interesting. There is no particular part, for me, that made me smile or I consciously enjoyed.As you can see from my clocked time, I did enjoy the game and played it a bit, but it really drags on, and after the first 10 hours you won't appreciate any of the new mechanics.BL2 took me 60 hours to complete. This game took me 20.-Bango"
,Not Recommended,261640,15073404,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,[unassigned],"The gravity in Borderlands : Pre-Sequel is a lot of funHOWEVER, I am the person who loved to loot items from corpses, boxes, etc. I can run a whole map just for guns. And I found that it is very annoying to chase down items in low-gravity of moon.Especially, it moves toward the cliff."
,Recommended,261640,15075422,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,röan,a borderlands game with laser shotguns...LASER SHOTGUNS!!
76561198156060583,Recommended,261640,15075598,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,darkdaved,"I'm not much for the redneck-style ""I got a gun, so now I'm just gunna kill ever'thang"" kind of gaming, preferring MMORPGs over mindless bloodshed. However, when I DO choose to switch over to the more ape-brained side of our society to release some of the primal rage said ape-brains have caused me to feel in the real world, slaughtering their videotic counterparts really does make for a wonderful experience. Add to this the game is actually well written, with a deep and multi-faceted storyline, smooth playing graphics and so much to do that immersion comes within moments of turning the game on, it is by far a winner...even for the more enlightened of our kind.Buy the game. play the game. And in doing so, you let the turd-for-brains rednecks know that yes, you DO enjoy hunting down their kind...and yes, the world would be much better off without them. It's such delightful fun!"
,Recommended,261640,15077206,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,rokku,"If you liked Borderlands 2, you will most likely enjoy this one too. Some people have said that Borderlands: TPS feels like a stand-alone DLC for Borderlands 2, and that is kinda true. The main gameplay is practically identical and so are most of the weapons and equipment too. There are still a few new features to keep you interested, and those are mainly laser guns, ice element and low gravity.However, if you did not play Borderlands 2 yet, buy it first. You should be able to get BL2 GOTY edition for a cheap price these days.+ It's still Borderlands: if you are a fan, you should have a good time.+ New setting, no more desert.+ Lasers and ice element items are great additions.+ The character classes are quite fun. Especially Claptrap's action skill.+ Not sure if it's just me, but the game feels more optimized than Borderlands 2. I think it runs better than BL2.- The level design. It's often just bland or confusing.- The same problem as with the earlier game: the game is somewhat repetative. Many side missions are boring.- The characters are fun to play as. But as characters, they are not very interesting and BL2 hero group was better IMO.TL;DR:If you enjoyed Borderlands 2 and want more, buy this game."
,Recommended,261640,15087886,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,The Spreadie,Good
,Recommended,261640,15094606,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Yung Pizza,♥♥♥♥♥8/10
,Not Recommended,261640,14829654,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Hirethor,"Well, the game isn't necessarily bad, but it's just not as good as Borderlands 1 & 2.  The areas and NPCs aren't as interesting or memorable, and it's noticably buggier than the other 2 games.What I find really annoying though is that the season's pass content ended up having a slaughter dome and 2 new characters I'll never play instead of new areas and stories, like Scarlet's Pirate Booty, or The Zombie Island of Dr. Ned.  Looks like the final season's pass DLC will be a new story though (1/4 of the DLC isn't good enough, if I had known I wouldn't have gotten it)."
,Not Recommended,261640,14830609,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MMGTitleTakemToldYouHeWasComing,"nothing AT ALL like borderlands 2, not even close to being as good. not as long as i had hoped, and i dont find a need to play it again. i can only remember 4 boss fights in total. not worth 60 bucks. more like $30 DLC for borderlands 2"
,Not Recommended,261640,14830649,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,hoppin,"If you want a true griding experience in a game you get Borderlands 2. If you want Borderlands 2 in space and with lasers you get this game. It has barley any boss fights, a hard story to follow and the same voice acting for every charcter. Boderlands 2 had 46 bosses with dlc. This game has 11."
,Not Recommended,261640,14830775,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,StrygwyrBS,Very disappointing.
,Recommended,261640,14830877,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cal1gula,Good game if you like the other borderlands but it wasnt nearly as good as the previous ones.
,Recommended,261640,14831620,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mendax,"Borderlands The P(S), the best borderlands game I have played in a while. While it is a great game 60 bucks is ALOT to pay for a game that is released digitally considering those price ranges were originally created when you used to have to physically buy the game and have a cd/dvd medium from like GameStop or EBGames. I bought it discounted but, considering how good the game is I am going to buy the addons later. I rarely if ever buy addons for games but, this game beat my greatest expectations. I have no idea what the other(s) i.e. other review(ers) are complaining about. If anything the game is poorly optimized for linux, and this would be my only complaint; other then that this game is fantastic."
76561198095514972,Not Recommended,261640,14774790,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Spuddy,"As a first timer into the Borderlands series, I can honestly say this was like eating stale bread."
76561198044372765,Recommended,261640,14785721,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Boaty McBoatface,"Borderlands TPS, feels more like an extensive add on to BL2. That said in its own, it does quite a lot right.Slam attacks and lasers bring a few new mechanics and combos to the gameplay, the characters are all well designed and their skills all unique and interesting.  The story line lets you see how Jack became HandsomeJack and gives new light to other characters from both Borderlands. The grinder is also a welcome addition to the series. Cryo damage is also a cool (ha puns) mechanic but does make some boss fights easy.  That said however the rest of the game seems lackluster, Low gravity is an awesome mechanic, but seems rather under developed, enemies seem to use the same mechanics as BL2 and rarely have elemental slam damage. (Something that would make typing against enemies more versatile.)  The DLC so far is just new vaulthunters and wave fighting pits, (something that BL2 had in the normal story quests) One of the most annoying things so far is how often you have to walk or drive to someplace you have been to but can't fast travel too. In BL2 fast travel could take you almost anywhere, in TPS however you have to often drive or walk a great distance to your destination and then walk back to get anywhere. (in hind sight this might be due to fast travel being hyperion tech while the moon is mostly Dahl.)The idea behind BL-TPS is sound, and it was done well, but not up to what it could have been. Sure we would all like a 100 hour gameplay with replayability and 100% unique items, lore, and characters. But that isn't easily done. That said this game is good, worth the full price? Maybe, if you're a fan of the BL series then it would be worth getting, but go in expecting less than BL2. For new comers, would recommend BL2 or 1.Good luck and Happy Vaulthunting."
,Recommended,261640,14755786,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,chiplambert,I love the Borderlands series and this one is just as good as the others.
,Recommended,261640,14757580,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MeatLoaf,"The game is not from this world, that's why you need to buy and play it."
,Recommended,261640,14759867,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ske-Lime-ton,"S'all right, it's not as long as the previous Borderlands games, but it's still a Borderlands, and with a gimmick that is actually a good addition to the game. My only complaint is that the game didn't feel meaty enough to justify using 6 brand new characters that could have been used in a longer installment of the game, but whatcha gonna do. Get during a sale, because it's not nearly as long as it's predeccesors."
,Recommended,261640,14755966,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Angry.Rican,"Same Borderlands, more Aussie though....mate."
,Recommended,261640,14760342,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hispanic at the Disco,"If you want a BL game, get 2. If you ride Gearbox's♥♥♥♥♥♥ get this as well.Yeah I know.I do."
76561198105884154,Not Recommended,261640,14761915,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Evilution,"If you are new to the Borderland franchise or have played BL2 or BL I will assure you, you will be disapointed by pre sequal... The game as whole is not bad but in comparisson to BL2 it is just not worth it... I played alot of BL2 and have been playing alot of pre sequal but I would recommend just getting the full PL2 package (all dlc's everything) it is a better package... as a game BL pre sequal is not bad and would recommend it above games such as Call of Duty but it is not as good as the previous games of the series!.!.!"
76561198043927915,Recommended,261640,14797480,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dren,"Low gravity is a good addition.  The gun grinder has kept me going with the game more than anything.  I can keep my guns  at a higher quality level easier now.  New classes are fun.  Otherwise, same as it was in 2, but that was a strong foundation to begin with."
76561198125206632,Recommended,261640,14797508,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,usoppenawar,best played coop
76561198026257051,Not Recommended,261640,15011777,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,I'm a Lumberjack...,"If this game was a third of it's original price on release, I wouldn't mind as much but they literally just resold BL2 with low gravity and a few new classes. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge Borderlands fan and I love the story but this game just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with how uninspired it was, gameplay wise.This franchise needs to do more than just remake it's games. The universe has so much potential and they're wasting on milking the fanbase with the least amount of effort."
76561198119586050,Recommended,261640,15015339,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Destructodong,"Laser weapons, amazing new skill-tree abolities, watching Jack as he decseds into madness, it;s all great. While like any other third part of a series that seems to taper off from what the true feeling was like in the beginning, and this game sure does in one way or another, it delivers something fresh to the saga of Borderlands that we hadn't seen before, so I geive it a posotive for effort and giving me time to play my favorite series. Dont buy it until it goes below $20.00 though."
76561198154974759,Recommended,261640,15015424,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Anonymoose,I WORSHIP THIS GAME!!!!
76561198029190049,Recommended,261640,15016088,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Privyst,"Was iffy about buying The Pre-Sequel as my interest for the Borderlands series fades in and out, but this was definately worth the purchase. I recomend this to anyone who likes Borderlands. Always a good story line, creative, and comedic. Have yet to encounter any problems."
76561197972911511,Recommended,261640,15018776,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,AuroRa,its not a full game but its fun
76561198155553057,Recommended,261640,15019183,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Nordicfox,this game is awesome
76561198075664259,Recommended,261640,15019348,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mirakuru,Just bought the game few weeks ago. So far so good. Enjoyed it most of the time. So why am I writing this?WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS EVERYONE?? I DONT SEE ANY SERVER AT ALL!! MIGHT AS WELL JUST ILLEGALLY DOWNLOAD THIS.
,Recommended,261640,15021011,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Osamabamashamallamamamaramatar,Yep Comic boobies
,Recommended,261640,15023543,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,eastyy1,"I was a bit aprehensive about this game while  it feels more of the same  having 4 new characters a decent lengh campaign and a great story and characters  if it was a expansion pack it would be the most generous that ever existed. The new gameplay elements like the low gravity , butt stomps etc work really well . One thing that stuck me was ACCENTS i know it was made in australia but it was more the english accents that really stuck out to me (being that i am from england) they just seemed a bit to stereotypical. Only downers i had were that the season pass is not great value compared to borderlands 2 they were a bit barebones though a more meaty dlc is coming out tommorow i dunno if it will make for it though. In the end if you liked the previous games then this is worth getting."
76561198025271353,Not Recommended,261640,15023776,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Renard,"TL;DR: I've got mixed feelings about this game. I wouldn't pay full price for it because it doesn't feel like a full game (at least not in the sense that BL2 felt like a full game), but I got it on sale and I'm happy with my choice.The concept is great, and some of the new mechanics like low gravity and frickin' laser beams are a lot of fun. I've played a ton of Zer0 in BL2, so I picked up Athena when I started playing for the first time and I like the options her skill trees give her - can't speak for the rest of them, unfortunately, since I went straight back to BL2 once I played through the Pre-Sequel campaign once. There's a pretty good balance of dumb, silly jokes, morbid humor, and totally serious moments throughout, so it's neither ""Grimdark grimdarkness on the grimdark moon"" nor ""LOL boners"" the whole time. The humor, though slightly unpolished, is still Borderlands.My main issue with the game is that it's just not that creative once you get past the fresh, new character classes and environment. Every part of the moon feels like every other part of the moon, which is to say blue, cold, and lifeless. Sure, you do get to visit a few other areas, and it wouldn't make sense to have diverse biomes because it's a goddamn moon, but the unwelcoming atmosphere as well as the literal lack of atmosphere (i.e. the player's constantly-dwindling oxygen supply) made me want to spend as little time on the moon's surface as possible. Where's the exploration? Where's the adventure? I felt as though it really lacked the charm of earlier Borderlands game, and that makes me sad because I love the series.The boss fights were just as bland and aggravating as the arenas I fought them in, too; a grand example is Deadlift, one of the first bosses in the game. You walk into a gigantic, multi-story, dimly-lit area filled with jump pads that you can use to soar into the air, and then this Australian asshat says something funny and you go kill him. Simple, right? Well, here's the thing: Deadlift is hardly any larger than the player is, and he does nothing other than run away from you and make certain platforms hazardous to stand on while ordinary bandits spawn and try to kill you. Given how large the arena is, how difficult it is to know which jump pads will take you where you need to go, the distraction created by the bandit mooks, and the dimness of the area, you end up with a situation where you're feeling more challenged by frustrating game design than an interesting boss. It's just lazy to throw all of these arbitrary obstacles at the player instead of making an actual fight.I've compared TPS to BL2 a lot, and there's no way around concluding that TPS falls short. Not vastly short, but enough that, say, I don't plan on getting any of the DLCs. I mean, why play as Aurelia, a DLC character who basically can't use one of her skill trees in single player, in the Holodome Onslaught, a DLC which is nothing but arena fights for, like, twenty minutes, when I find it more fun to run through the BL2 campaign for the twentieth time and can do that without paying any more money? TPS is still (probably) worth playing, and I'll probably continue to play it from time to time. Oh well. ""Meh"" out of 10."
,Recommended,261640,15024328,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,🈵Draysh🈵,Might not be the best game ever. but i really enjoy it so far and i havent even completed the game yet :D also there is a lot of dlc coming up soon so i would definately buy it and if you dont have the money (cause it is extremely expensive) go ahead and wait for it to go on sale or buy it from another website than steam (such as♥♥♥♥♥ as they have MUCh cheaper prices :3
,Recommended,261640,14843717,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dangatang,"Haven't finished, but I'm in love..."
,Recommended,261640,14845497,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,GinTONIC,"NEEd a LOT of fixes :(, and better dlc"
,Recommended,261640,14846273,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ElderMonk,I'm grudingly giving Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel a thumbs up. Borderlands : The Pre-Sequel is the not as pretty little sister to Borderlands 2. If Borderlands 2 didn't exist and this game were put out by itself. It would be an ok buy. Compared to Borderlands 2... It just isn't as good. The bosses aren't as good. The AI seems almost dumber and more cowardly. Oh and if you loved it when bad guys ran away from you and hid when you were trying to get second wind. Oh BOY are you in for a treat.Don't pay $60 for this. Wait for a 50% off sale and buy it then. Even better just buy Borderlands 2. Same engine. Better characters and better boss fights.
76561198044642656,Recommended,261640,14846367,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DocRigro,"Good old borderlands, with by some of the best writing of all 3 games and dlc. It may be same the game but the classes are fun and the game it just equally as entertaining as when I played both 1 and 2 the first few times through. And to those who love Tiny Tina, she and Brick basically narate the second play through and it is amazing. dealwithitdealwithit#dealwithit"
76561198080539880,Not Recommended,261640,13625308,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Straf3 Int,"Very good game with a pretty good story, although after you finish the main quest line it can get a little boring. Also bosses should be able to respawn. Also there is nothing to do after the main story line, like in Borderlands 2 they added new stories almost immediately and new characters that were actually good. In this not only do both the charcters suck but you won't even raise the level cap to 72 just because you started earning skills at lvl 3. I mean honestly how much fun do the creators think people can have when they have to play the same thing over and over again 10 times. Also the Holodome is a fart of a dlc. I love the series but this game is only fun on the first or second playthrough. Honestly this entire game could not have passed as a dlc in borderlands 2, but a game like this should be priced at 20 to 30 dollars instead of 60. If you're going to pay for a 60 dollar game atleast make it good with tons of content next time. Also I was really looking forward to there being a moon dance (;_;)Edit: alright so i was being very patient for a real dlc to come out and when GEARBOX DECIDES GOD DAMN 2 MONTHS LATER TO HAVE A FINAL DLC I WAS SUPER♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF BECAUSE THERE IS LITTLE TO NO ♥♥♥♥ING CONTENT AT ALL. IF YOU WANT A GAME THAT IS GOOD DONT GET THIS GAME. GEARBOX I USED TO LIKE BUT SERIOUSLY GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELVES. SO THIS DLC BETTER BE THE BEST DLC EVER OR YOU WOULD HAVE RUINED THE ENTIRE SERIES FOR ME."
,Recommended,261640,14659131,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,X-pert Bandit,"Characters feel almost soulless and the game isn't as funny as its predecessors. Most of the humor in the game is Australian related, have fun trying to understand it if you arn't familiar with Australian culture. But a brand new 2K studio in Australia did head up the design of this game, so I guess I can be somewhat forgiving to its flaws.That aside this is a great game! Low gravity physics, lazer weapons, cold elemental damage, new vechicals, and new characters to play as are some of the additions to this franchise. See Handsome Jack's rise to power and breakdown into insanity on the moon and inside Hyperions space station in this pre-sequel.Good buy and must have for any fan of the Borderlands series."
,Recommended,261640,14661046,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,viper4486,"SO much fun, nice fresh reboot of an already amazing game!"
,Recommended,261640,14662433,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,|lulz|Bearlodge,"Not as good as Borderlands 2 but the storyline explains a lot and its worth a playthrough. Wouldn't pay full price though, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,261640,14663284,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Whiskey-Golf,Great game
,Recommended,261640,14666590,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cable.Shock,"Well structure, exhilerating and refreshingly funny"
76561198142834050,Not Recommended,261640,14668440,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ru42354,I paid 60 dollars and then have to pay 9 dollars for the charcters. WOW  THATS BS
76561198010174606,Recommended,261640,14730347,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jonidcrushfire,"I really like this game. It blends the RPG elements with good ol' fashioned Serious Sam type run-n-gun. In fact, I bought it for a friend just so he could play. Because, you know, I recommend it so hard I would buy it again."
76561198080379771,Recommended,261640,14780773,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,THEMIGHTYLOAF,A good game if you are a fan of the borderlands series. much the same as borderlands 2.
76561198061535807,Recommended,261640,14782802,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Punkerz The Rabbit,"yes, nothing more just yes, except for all of that stuff I said after yes, but yes all together!"
,Recommended,261640,14785287,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dayman,"Sure it's not as funny as BDL2, but it's funnier than the first.  Gameplay wise, in the short time I've spent with the game so far, the new mechanics make it the most fun Borderlands so far.  I haven't played all the characters yet, but Wilhelm is fun for sure.  Oh, and they talk, and have personalities.  The game is also doing a good job so far making me wonder what pushes Jack over the edge.  Plus, lasers.  Seriously.  Lasers."
,Recommended,261640,14785451,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AWildShrimp,it's pretty swell
76561198129677793,Recommended,261640,14801948,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,misty_falls,"PROS:-Butt Slams and Boost Jumping. This is something I really got comfortable so quickly. They are very cool mechanics that made my game play experience more fun. Sometimes, I got so used to it I tried doing it subconciously in BL2.-Each vault hunter has a nice personality to them, thanks to the dialogues they make when interacting with NPCs. This is something I wanna be caried over to BL3 and hope they'll expand it even more.-Cryo element is my favorite element so far.-Grinder. I love the idea of being able to create weapons from grinding. This is another feauture I wish to be carried over to BL3 and expand it more. Maybe we can craft and customize weapons and other items in a deeper level.-Great vault hunter classes. So far my favorite group. Each has their own unique style of gameplay. I especially enjoyed Claptrap's unpredictable nature and Nisha's excellent damage dealing combat.-General combat and gameplay is as always outstanding.CONS:-The characters aren't as memorable as the previous BL games. Sometimes I feel like they're trying too hard to be funny.-Not enough content. The amount of side missions are noticeably fewer than the previous games.-There's not much variety in enemies.-The pace of the game gets sluggish at times and the story missions are not that exciting or memorable.OVERALL:It's okay, average at its best. It could really have been better. It has awesome new mechanics like low gravity but the overall atmosphere of the game just feels bland. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,261640,14803210,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Hayden Sikh,Not fun to play in single player mode.  If you're looking for a game to escape from the world for a bit then give this one a pass.
,Recommended,261640,14121055,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Microsoft Wizard,"Short: Good game, BL1 and BL@ are better tho.Longer: To be honost this game is very well made, It helps to fill in the story line in between BL1 and BL2. Although it may not have that much replay value its still a really fun game, yes a few of the patches they recently implamented wern't the best but They were just tring to help us in the long run. Overall this game was not as good as BL1 or BL2  but its still part of the amazing universe we have grown to love. great Job Gearbox and 2K!One quick suggestion for you: Please make some of the Side mission bosses refarmable."
,Not Recommended,261640,14121238,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kazuhira Miller,"Being the masive Borderlands fan I am I had huge expectations for this game. I thought they were actually going to try and make a game that was even greater than Borderlands 2. Instead what I got was a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that spat in my face. When you make me waste $60 on a game that is Autralia in space with memes everywhere I'd get kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Not to mention the non-respawnable bosses! How the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to farm in a game based on farming!I really felt embarrassed after hyping this game to my friends when it came out, nonetheless hyping it for the next 2 months of it being out. I stuck with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of an excuse game until they released The Holodome pack. Oh God The Holodome was so damn bad. It was easy and repetitive, only having two different kind of enemies (Dahl and Eridian). For most of the time only four enemies would spawn, you'd kill them, another four would spawn, repeat. The Dome was also you playing Hide 'n Seek as the map was so ♥♥♥♥ing big.This game was filled with forgettable characters and cringy dialogue. I'd give it a 4/10, and not worth buying... Not even worth it on sale. It sullies the Borderlands reputation. Borderlands one and two were so much better. Get those instead of this."
76561197991020561,Recommended,261640,14123954,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Jean!lo,"Whole lotsa fun, hours of game if you like fps and RPG"
76561197962680420,Recommended,261640,14124532,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,dinmammaeenpappa,"Buy it when its on sale if you liked the previous borderlands titles.the beginning is frontloaded with aussie jokes almost to the point that you start to hate the game but just power through it. very sad little brother from down under inferiority complex that nearly put me of the game. Once you are past it however the game becomes fairly enjoyable but its not as good as BL2, but it will hold you over until BL3 comes around.So far i havent been impressed with the DLC as digistruct peak and arena style dlcs are my least favourite. When the next character class hits Ill have to decide if the season pass is competetivly priced to buying them separatly. But even then Ill probably wit until theyre on sale"
,Recommended,261640,14115303,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MR_☡ѺЙĘ,Great game but the dlc are for what it is now a bit overpriced
,Recommended,261640,14105342,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ryoken0D,"I was iffy at first on getting this game. I'd heard some bad things. But man, it was worth it. I enjoyed Borderlands 2 a fair bit, and this is even better. The Low-G is a little weird at first, but it doesn't take long to get used too, and then opens up a lot of play options. Also I found that TPS is a little less prone to have the issue I had in BL2, getting distracted in the optional missions and forget about the storyline.. It doesn't flood you with tones of optional missions all at once, it's a few here, a few there, as you go through the storyline ones.Now for what I didn't like. Stop giving me drops/grinder items that require me to have DLC's to use. If I don't have the DLC, remove the items from the game. It's bloody annoying."
,Not Recommended,261640,14108501,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,@ryanfaceryan,Really fun to begin with. The first 30-40% of story progress the Australian team and story shines through and brings a true uniqueness to the game. The end-part becomes massively tedious and bullcrap boring as hell. I can't think of the last game I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of for the first half and despondently dropped the whole thing at the end. Buy this on sale and play it till you're over it.
,Not Recommended,261640,14109027,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Snuggleur,"Ok.I have over 200 hours in Borderlands 2 and nearly 150 hours in Borderlands 1 (It says on my steam that i only have over 30 or so, I played on console before i started on pc).And this game doesn't live upt to the hype.I was really disapointed when i finished the game.Pros:Moon GravityLasersClaptrap (finally a playable character)GrinderDialouge is very good (I only played as claptrap so)SlamsCryo Wepons :3Fun at timesCons:So many reskined legendaries ._.Not respawnable mini bosses (WTF)Quests were not as good as quests in Borderlands 2 or 1 (I have fully completed both games and the quests in BL1 and BL2 was better than the quests in BL:TPS).Shock Drop slaughter pit ._.Many pointless questsA lot of bugs and glitchesOverhyped.FInal Verdict:6/10I really liked the game at first, but i saw what was in the game.I also payed for ♥♥♥♥ing season pass so I have used over 80 freaking dollars on this broken, glitchy game.._. ,_, ;_; ;_;I hope that the DLC's that will hopefully come out will fix mostly of the bugs in the game.With all of my heart i belive in this game even though, the countless bugs and glitches."
,Recommended,261640,13803288,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,LemonCake,BEST GAME so funny and fun 9/10 this is a must buy
,Recommended,261640,13803599,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[BRO] o19,"A lot of people are complaining that this game felt like ""BL2 in space.""  My complete playthrough a single character took ~25 hours.  Assuming you are a completionist or are eager to explore all of the available content, there is certainly a lot left even after your first pass.  I only reached level 28 by the end of the game and there are a lot more secrets, achievements and guns left to discover.  As a fan of Borderlands with ~200 hours in the two previous games, I strongly recommend this game."
76561197960739176,Recommended,261640,13804140,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,yogikhan,I love this game.
76561197996081685,Recommended,261640,12836232,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,meac1967,Good but prety much just Borderlands 2 with low gravity. I mean dont get me wrong i loved the game but all the weapons are almost exactly the same as the ones in borderlands 2 . Its just a big dlc so if you were to get it wait for the price to go down or a sale if it does buy it up cause its still a good game just not worth the 60 dollars i paid for it.So all in all i give it an 8/10
,Recommended,261640,14282538,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Slamminator,"Truly enjoyed playing through The Pre-Sequel.  It may have seemed thrown together at times, as far as the story is concerned, but the new game mechanics make it a fun and fast-paced play.  BUTT SLAMS BUTT SLAMS BUTT SLAMS"
76561198025463789,Not Recommended,261640,14282975,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Somescout,"Pretty much have been said already:Pros:* Low gravity* Butt-slam* Ice weapons* New charactersCons:* Bad writing, and so boring and not fun side quests...* ... and no STFU button* ... and Australian humor. So almost any quest either not fun by design, or due to bad writing, or you need some Australian to explain when you should laugh... or it just some expired joke, that should be forgotten already (really, do anyone still finds funny bloodthirsty hippie or star wars jokes?)* Balance - do anyone tested game at all? Laser snipers kill you in few seconds, because they never miss and fires 2-3 times/second. First boss (Deadlift) ridiculously strong on TVH mode. Some actions skills (like Doppelganger clones) are overpowered.* Season pass - yeah, it's self-explanatory. Don't buy.* Level design - 2 or 3 maps are memorable and, actually, not bad (but still far away from ""Eridium Blight"", very, very far away)* Animation – try to have compassion to NPCs during dialogues – they definitely have issues. Or epilepsy."
,Recommended,261640,14283151,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,+[SP]+ Sayanò Rinküshi ™,"It's a good game, still retains much of the Borderlands world, however it is not without many flaws, such as lack of farmable enemies, unique enemies can drop a certain legendary but are one-time fights only, Less fast travels, I could add some more, but I won't.It goes add the grinder which, I honestly do like as it makes it fun to grab bad loot and grind them into something better (3 whites can make a green, etc) but they could have done better by making recipes that mix and match (e.g. 1 pistol and 2 purple 'Torgue' grenade mods could give you the 88 Fragnum or Bonus Package) I would love to have mixed it all and made some really fun experiment to see what I could make.The game is good and can keep you busy but without having loads of farmable enemies like in BL1 or BL2, you may lose interest very quickly after the first playthrough. But that's just my opinion and I would still recommand this, just because of the new Oxygen system and Cryo element (Replaces Slag) which make the game a little more enjoyable."
76561198093612667,Recommended,261640,14286339,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Muze,EXPLOSIONS
76561197995553818,Recommended,261640,14198722,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mimsy,"It's good. It's very similar to both its predecessors. I played it through over a week or so and mostly enjoyed it. Not that challenging and some of the zones were fairly monotonous, but it's good enough as a second sequel."
,Recommended,261640,14203316,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Stratosaur,"This game is another great member of the borderlands franchize. If you loved the others like I do, you will love this game. It has lighthearted humor, while delving deeper into the backstory behind the franchize."
76561198005547564,Recommended,261640,14203733,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sick,"the baroness is  an awesome sniper, really good dlc here"
76561198008031255,Recommended,261640,14203802,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,I_am_Atlas,"A pretty decent game and exactly what i would expect from a borderlands game.the main downfall is its lack of DLC campaigns.The season pass content is cluttered with new characters and a new playthrough, it is severely lacking on a bonus story.It is understandable, if you look at the timeline of when this story takes place there isnt a whole lot of story that can take place, especially based on how the game ended. Although this could be fixed by using the 'what if' story telling mechanic to keep the story going.overall the gameplay was pretty decent, and i enjoyed the addition of the antigravity, however i was left dissappointed by the fact that some bosses were not farm able like they all were in the previous borderlands game. this is especially troubling when these bosses can drop execptionally rare weaponry. however i feel this issue is addressed through the use of the Grinder, where you rely of duplicating the few legendary weapons you are able to farm and using them to fill the gap left by the unfarmables. it isnt my preferred method of getting the loot, but i do like it as an option.overall i would rate the game:story and story telling: 8/10replayability: 7/10enjoyment: 7/10Dlc: 3/10"
,Recommended,261640,14289038,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,|-/ TrainingWolf,"It's Borderlands in space, it has the Borderlands jokes, it has the weapons, it has the badassery. Although I think there is a bit a lack of boss-fights. You get to know how Jack really was before what happend in Borderlands 2 and I love that.Good points:-Classic jokes-Weapons-Awesome storyline-Characters""Bad"" points:-Grinding at some points (But that's part of an RPG)I'd give it a solid Hyperion/10"
76561198045156190,Recommended,261640,14293304,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Det,.
,Recommended,261640,14741324,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,vienna,help!!! had the game for 2 days and already 17.2 hours played OwO
,Recommended,261640,14744169,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Alpaca the Great,"Honestly, i really liked this game, but the price is pretty ridiculous. I agree with people who thinks this game worth $45. For people whodon't like this game, i think that you guys should wait for a few more months and wait for some more story map DLCs, then we can see if this is good or not. Untill now, i still don't quite like the DLC maps which are only for challenges. I hope gearbox will give us some surprise for the next DLC story map."
76561198120685410,Recommended,261640,14693214,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Knight,"Excellent game, love the style of rpg, fps, shoot and loot, etc.If your into fps, rpg or both, then get this game and its predesessors"
,Recommended,261640,14833711,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,gamingfr3ak,"this game gets a lot of hate on steam. and i can kind of understand why. but when you evaluate a game you can't just look at the previous entires in a series, you have to look at other games too.i definitely recommend this game, it is a quality looter/shooter and although it will definitely get repetitive replaying the game campaign and enemies, that doesn't mean it is not enjoyable or interesting. the low-gravity aspect adds a whole new dimension to the game which helps set it apart from the previous entries. it does change the behavior of your enemies but when used correctly it can allow you to take advantage of many different situations, and it changes the pace of combat as well. sniping might be a little difficult but with the addition of Cryo weapons it really isn't that hard ;)the shooting part of the game is definitely fun and as usual there are lots of great guns to choose from. there are also laser weapons now and a wide variety of those from the various manufacturures. in addition i find that the skill trees for each character are all much more impressive. every skill you can choose has a much greater impact than they have in previous games.the looting part of the game is admittedly a little weak. there are some bosses you can't replay (like Zarpedon, wtf) which can make the loot grind of this game more repetitive than it needs to be. but there are still plenty of interesting locations to visit and a decent amount of bosses and loot stashes to re visitthe one other thing i really liked about this game was the writing. I found it to be MUCH better than the writing in BL2. a lot of the writing in this one is a lot more witty, be it through sarcasm or irony or just plain depth. A perfect example of this is that Mr. Torgue (BL2 DLC) uses the world ""mysogynistic"" in a sentence, correctly. that would NEVER have happened in BL2. in general the humor is a lot more clever and well written, as compared to the cheap laughs you get from the new characters from the last gameagain there is a lot of negative reviews for this game out there and not all of them are wrong. if i had to put a price tag on this i'd say no more than $40. but there is nothing inherently wrong with this game and no reason to avoid it if you like this style of game. it would be a good starting point for someone new to the series and it is also worthwhile for fans of the series."
,Recommended,261640,14838458,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SaltySub,Mates Rates on Moon Zoomies. 'Nuff said.
76561198013014484,Recommended,261640,14841991,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Melonman,Plays like Borderlands 2 in Space like every other review says.Jump pads tho.
,Recommended,261640,14816442,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Pake,I liked it.......................................................... still tho borderlands 2 is better
,Recommended,261640,14823280,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SeVIIenT1,If you Liked Borderlands 1 & 2 then you'll like the Pre-Sequel
76561198093535523,Not Recommended,261640,14823636,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Scruffy,"I don't recommend this game. I have put many, many hours into it, and I enjoy it for what it is.  I love the Borderlands series, and I will play this game as well.But it's simply not very good compared to the other two. Other reviewers have covered the reasons well (not as funny, not as many guns, not as much to do, walking simulator, lots of back tracking, no endgame, bosses don't respawn,  etc).In the end, if you love Borderlands (and only if you love it and already have both 1 and 2 and all the playable DLC for those) should you get this.And you should ABSOLUTELY wait until it costs you $30-$40 or less. If I (a major Borderlands fan) had known how much game was a part of this I would not have paid the full price of ~$60 and bought the season pass. I was expecting it to be on par with Borderlands 1 (at least) and hoping for Borderlands 2 quality and length/story.So, in the end, I don't recommend it at its current price (nor do I recommend its  season pass at the current price). Wait for a sale, and only buy it after you've played out all other Borderlands games."
76561198011904572,Recommended,261640,14872998,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,strechless15,"Ok so what to say about Borderlands:TPS.....well Its alright. Ive been played since the first BL came out and loved both BL1 and BL2. this game is worth playing, but don't expect it to be as amazing as BL2 was. Now, don't get me wrong, its not terrible, its just not super awesome. I went with advice and bought it on a half off sale, and I think that the sale price is what it should cost. I dont think its a 60 dollar game. at least not months after release.PROS:familiarish storyits a BL games so guns guns gunseveryone has questionable ethics which I always enjoyedlow gravity, cryo and laser guns  kind of interestingConnected BL1 and BL2 decentlyCONS:Bogan slang a bit difficult to understand at times. ( then again there was only a few educated people on pandora)one of the first guns I recieved was a Vladof pistol which was similar to the one I was using in BL2( so much for bazillion weapons)seemed like a lot of missions involved backtracking.Missions were not as interesting as BL1 or BL2Feels identical to BL2, copy and paste onto new backdrop.still i think its a fun game and if you love BL, then you will enjoy it enough. I suggest waiting for a sale. while waiting play through all characters in BL2 through Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode. that should take some time."
,Recommended,261640,14685874,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,doilooklikeiwaslefoffbadnbojee,"""Decent Game"""
,Recommended,261640,14912893,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Wavo,"7.5/10 - Definetly worth a playSpace AustraliaTo keep it short:Cons:-Tries to be as funny as Borderlands 2 and falls really, really flat-Not a bunch of enemy variety, but it is reasonable-Seems to be a slightly shorter campaign that Borderlands 2Pros:-Moving around in space, using oz kit boosts, and low(er) gravity are really fun-Laser weapons are pretty neato, and very common-Incredible final boss fight, puts all other Borderlands games boss fights to shame-Good borderlands story development on both the Pre and Sequel side of things-Having your vault hunter actually talk is rad-Still fun to play, even without overflowing humor-Very progressive, nonchalantly does away with heteronormativity a BUNCH using queer main characters and side characters."
76561197996606871,Recommended,261640,14916293,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kirser,"If you are a fan of Borderlands and Borderlands 2, then hurry up and get this game!Great storyline, lots of new weapons and enemies, lots of good humour ( I love how they really ask you three times if you are ok in the hea,d when you want to choose claptrap as your hunter)Playing with friends even more funnier! I really like the co-op mechanics! Its easy to play together!"
,Recommended,261640,14900862,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sales,ERMERGERD LERZERZ
76561198085783688,Recommended,261640,14902116,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,papa jeff,its good
76561197998754103,Recommended,261640,14902375,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MoOB,Best action game of this year.
76561198035428985,Recommended,261640,14944218,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,RoWeBaLLz,Mint.
76561198043489025,Recommended,261640,14928473,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Fuctifino The Lost Primarch,"Mostly liked the lasers and low gravity (added greatly to multiplayer combat) not as good as Borderlands 2, but still pretty awesome."
76561198078475158,Recommended,261640,14930391,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,thiccdud,"let me tell you something. THIS GAME HAS ♥♥♥♥ING LAZERS! ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT! AND IF YOU ALDREADY HAVE IT, BUY IT AGAIN!10/10"
,Recommended,261640,14974639,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,trains,pretty good. not really worth $60 but I got it on sale.
,Recommended,261640,14975788,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Rem,IT IS AMAZING BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET ANYTHING BUT THE ENDING
,Recommended,261640,14976330,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,XD001,"10/10, would play with friends."
76561198045102684,Recommended,261640,14976746,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sp4rks[CZE],"PROS: Its Borderlands, some cool new features, still good graphics, fun is still there, some good new mechanics and good variety of charactersCONS: No story DLCs so far, which were awesome about BL2. Some bosses did not respawn, but that should be fixed with last patch. Some running seems pretty long and boring, not all locations have Fast Travel stations with prolongs some travels.Well in the end, its not borderlands 3, but nobody promised us another sequel, its very much made for fans of the series and it completes some story holes pretty well. So I recommend this to all that love the series, to those who are starters with Borderlands, play first two games and if you get insterested in the universe characters story and all the awesome easter eggs, buy this one too."
76561198075632763,Recommended,261640,14977716,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,poiltras,"this game is everything you need from a shooter:fun,lots of guns,classes,multiplayer madness and hilarious characters.graphics are a like it or not...durability is rock solid"
,Recommended,261640,13633145,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DodderingOldMan,"Bottom line: It's more Borderlands fun, but it falls short in a couple of key areas.Borderlands 2 was one of my favourite games of the past ten years. I'm always a sucker for games featuring loot and stats and skill points, and BL2 married those OCD-friendly elements with some genuinely compelling FPS gunplay. More remarkable to me, though, was the quality of the writing and of the narrative in general. Usually I'm the sort of person who skips past dialogue and struggles to remember the names of the key characters, but BL2 was an exception. Jack was a great villain, ever-present and eminently loathable, and there were moments of real drama and intrigue, along with a whole range of interesting and amusing characters.The Pre-Sequel, however, has few of these elements. The overarching plot is fairly humdrum, the pacing sometimes drags, and I often found myself going to a place I wasn't particularly interested in to fulfill some objective I didn't much care about. The characters didn't do a lot for me, and not just because of the cultural cringe attached to hearing exaggerated examples of my own (Australian) accent. Moreover, the game does disappointingly little to advance our knowledge of the deeper elements of the Borderlands world. Jack, of course is a main character, and a couple of other well known faces pop up, but I would have liked to have seen a lot more connections to the past games (even though it's set between them).But a lot of people aren't going to caree too much about that. If it's just the gameplay you're interested in, The Pre-Sequel delivers a good chunk of blasting goodness. If you've played BL2 you know basically what to expect, but the additions of low gravity, lasers and cryo status effects make a difference, and a generally positive one. Double jumping through the air (or lack thereof) adds a sense of speed and momentum to the game that is very welcome, and the low gravity allows for verticality to become a key gameplay feature. Lasers are immensely satisfying, especially coupled with some of the new and powerful abilities at the player's disposal.But there are flaws here too. There isn't a huge variety of enemies, and the ones that are here aren't massively interesting. The verticality works well, but the level designers haven't often managed to come up with areas that allow for it to be exploited in inventive ways. The lasers are possibly too powerful; in my first playthrough I barely used anything else. That's my own choice, sure, and the other weapons are as fun as always, but I do think they could be toned down a bit.Also, there are bugs and crashes. I had to restart the quest I was on maybe half a dozen times due to gamebreaking bugs or fatal errors, and I also got to experience what it's like to have a shield that recharges instantly (very helpful, but kind of unbalanced). Such things aren't the end of the world, but they are mildly frustrating.Ultimately, I do recommend this game, but I don't consider it a must-buy, even if you loved BL2 as much as I did. It's fun, and it's worth your time and money, but only if you've got plenty of both."
76561198043850827,Recommended,261640,12920623,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Copycat,"Cell Shading and Handsome Jack return in the Pre-Borderlands 2 experience. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is just as it says it is Borderlands, if you're a fan of the series here is another installment which will satisfy a craving you may or may not have wanted but its here.In my honest opinon I was looking to another Borderlands intsalment to run through and this game doesn't fail to deliver that feeling and if you fall into this catagory as well you won't be disapointed with your purchase of The Pre-Sequel.*EDIT* I would HIGHLY SUGGEST BUYING THE GOTY EDITION IF YOU STILL WANT TO PICK THIS GAME UP. DLC and what is coming to the game currently is not at all grand or appealing besides Handsome Jack and even then I can't really say its worth it just to play as a Double or learn his story."
76561197995632669,Recommended,261640,13642630,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,eecklund,"Much more enjoyable than some of the reviews would lead you to believe. As some have said, the low gravity physics is a nice touch. All in all, plenty of fun and a nice appetizer while we wait for the next installment."
,Recommended,261640,13644713,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,apmcgreevy,"Well, I didn't read the reviews before I bought the game. Some would say that was a mistake, but to be honest, it would have turned me off to the game. Considering my nature to value the opinions of others over my own. I really am enjoying the game. I would not buy it if you are into it for farming guns, as the bosses don't respawn, but if you are more of a casual gamer, like myself, then go ahead and buy it. Though I recomend getting it at a lower price, as it is not worth the high cost of a AAA game."
,Recommended,261640,13645752,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SappFire,Awesome game
76561197962048173,Recommended,261640,13645897,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shoktartz,"Running aroud, amassing stupid amounts of loot and killing everything you see. What's not to love?"
76561198008327152,Recommended,261640,13652139,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kyoboof,Awesome game!
76561198068907729,Recommended,261640,13653151,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ChipotleSensei,Awesome!
,Recommended,261640,13654147,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,renandemais,Borderlands!!!! YEAH!!!
76561198072131217,Recommended,261640,13654935,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,الجهاد (sobo antoniflow),gg
76561198077427522,Recommended,261640,13655181,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,fatehunter5,Much better than i thought it would be. Similar to the second with enough differences to keep things fresh. Athena op.
,Recommended,261640,13656181,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hamumu,"This is not as good of a game as Borderlands 2.  If you haven't played any Borderlands, Borderlands 2 is definitely the one.  But, if you HAVE played Borderlands 2, and you liked it, this is a must.  It's a TON of fun, and the moon jumping and butt-slamming add a whole new dimension to it that is really cool."
,Recommended,261640,13656280,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Deanopro,"If you like to shove laser dilldos up peoples asses, buy this game."
,Recommended,261640,13659739,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AFMA,"Excellent game to play with friends, with hours and hours of fun."
,Recommended,261640,13662796,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[BTEC]Captain Obvious,"Two word: ""Mortality schmortality..."""
76561198065990871,Recommended,261640,13663064,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ῼAlyssaῼ,"Although it felt pretty short to me, it was an enjoyable ride with the same Borderlands you know. Combat and HUD Layout was pretty much exactly like Borderlands 2, so slipping into the action was like putting on your favorite glove. The only difference was inserting O2 masks with the ability to ground pound and a few new guns, (not to mention the new characters!) All in all a very fun game with an interesting take on the story of Jack and his transformation into Handsome Jack. (Not to mention theres an Avatar: The Last Airbender reference Echo in the game as well, would you pass that up?)"
,Recommended,261640,13461610,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ben is a Rapist,"I liked it, but it was too short"
,Recommended,261640,14222349,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Evilmagic,"I bought Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel when it was on sale. I haven't played any of the other ones so keep that in mind during while reading this.B:PS in itself is a funny, comical game. I found myself cracking up at the various characters and even some of the sidequests(There's one where you have to investigate a Billa Bong like in that one Australian song). The humor is great, the characters are funny and rememberable. The gameplay however could be a bit better. I was playing as a sniper and was easily blowing through levels on the normal difficulty and if it weren't for the friends I were playing with I would've upped it to higher.So to sum it up, good and funny story but with somewhat easy combat on normal settings."
,Recommended,261640,14226888,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,meupkidp,This is honestly the best game in the Borderlands franchise for me.8/8 gr8 m8
76561198042441088,Recommended,261640,14228272,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Xeno,"While not as long as the other games, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel still is as fun to play and funny as the other games. Low gravity combat is fun and the new cyro weapons make combat just more fun.Overall 10/10Would troll friends as Claptrap again."
76561198049094733,Not Recommended,261640,14343741,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xenxc,"Wanna play a game that rips you off and is just a copy/paste of BL2?Get this.5/10 Fun, but not nearly as good as BL2 and BL1"
,Recommended,261640,14347247,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mantis Toboggan,"I have a kind of love hate relationship with this game. I love all of the playable character in this game, some of my favorite of the whole series. However, the game itself is a bit lackluster, with a pretty short main storyline, and many of the settings seem very same-y."
76561198075395490,Recommended,261640,14347556,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,mr.fancydragon,i love this game
76561198044085406,Recommended,261640,14326413,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jimbot B,It's good
,Recommended,261640,14334426,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Shadow,"Not nearly as good as Borderlands 2, sadly.  Highly anticipated and was kind of disappointed.  The moon gravity is a good difference in gameplay dynamic but it feels like it is thrust upon you and the gimmick gets old quickly.  The characters are just not that interesting either.  Still do enjoy it but after spending 500+ hours on BL2 getting bored after 16 hours is a pretty sad statement.  I'm hoping some of the DLC and updates will fix some of the other underlying issues."
,Recommended,261640,14334751,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,JOFFICERXD (╯°□°）╯︵,tis on a scale to invade russia in winter to llama i would go llama (=good)
,Recommended,261640,14338834,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CSquared,"Although it might not be as good as 1 or 2, Borderlands the Pre Sequel still manages to please me with its backstory if Handsome Jack, and it's ever fun gameplay in the game. With all the quests and legendaries in the game, you'll be submerged, loving the game once you begin playing it."
