user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197965186147,Not Recommended,261760,11909999,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,aka6,"For a game that I had 0 hype for and wasn't even on my radar, it's shocking how let down I was by Lichdom. The concept really grabbed me. I love wizards and the idea of a game that could really let you cut loose and let you wreck havoc with its entire focus put on making you feel like a mighty wizard among mortals seemed like exactly what I was looking for. Unfortunately, you'll quickly find that the game's definition of ""badass wizard"" is extremely narrow, and even worse, they really don't deliver.The game brags having thousands of spells, and while that may be technically true, it rings hollow. Spells are crafted by combining elements that you unlock through the story and spell modifiers that drop as loot, so you have potentially infinite combinations on paper. The result however is that you have 3 spell types with a million permutations that only change a few decimal points are on the numbers that pop up. Elements are meaningless, just pick what particle effect you want on your projectiles. If you were expecting some real magic, like summoning dogs, lighting them on fire and throwing them at your enemies, you will be sorely disappointed.The gameplay is where things really grind down though. The levels are just corridors a mile long with the only interaction being busting up the game's equivalent of decorative vases. The enemies are mindless and predictable, and so is fighting them. You walk into a clearing, combat music plays, a bunch of skeletons pop up out of the ground, walk backwards and throw ice/fire/lighting balls at them until dead. As said before you only have 3 real spells. A basic fireball in whatever flavor of particle effect have on, an AOE attack/bomb in whatever flavor particle effect you have on, and a block that does damage if you time it right. In whatever flavor particle effect you have on. The enemies have little variation either. Melee guy that runs up and slaps you, ranged guy that throws♥♥♥♥♥♥at you, and sometimes theres a ghost that floats around and freezes you. Expect to see groups of about 8 of them pop up every 15 feet, about 30 times a level. No puzzles, no talking and investigating, just walking from one fight to another. The game promises dungeons and quests made specifically for a wizard, unhindered by needing to allow warriors or barbarians through, and all I could think while playing it was how much more satisfying it would be bashing skeletons to pieces with a hammer than dealing with the game's slow clunky combat casting.The gameplay honestly just feels like skyrim's magic. Hold down button to charge fireball/aoe, point at enemy. Except in Skyrim you could dual wield magic. And you could summon creatures. And you could cast enchantments on yourself. And you could summon magic weapons and slash and smash enemies if you wanted. And there were more than 3 kinds of spells. And And And. The list goes on. When a game focused soley and entirely on one thing can't even do that thing better than a game that really only includes that thing in an ancilliary manner, you've got a real problem. Skyrim is NOT the best game to experience being a wizard, yet Lichdom has chosen to emulate its combat system more closely than any other game I can think of, puts its entire focus on that one aspect, and frankly only improves on it by a degree of maybe like, what %5? If that? But guess what, skyrim isn't 40 bucks, and it's got an entire everything else going for it.Lichdom has some things going for it, it looks good and It's got a good working loot system. It's not painful to play or anything, but it isn't great, and above all else, it's not what it promises to be. It doesn't make you feel like you're an almighty wizard any more than sweepng the driveway will make you feel like a bulldozer.Tldr: lichdom falls short of everything promised. Weak magic, repetitive gameplay, tiny scope. If you want to feel like a real unstoppable wizard, play morrowind and craft fireballs the size of cities. If you want frantic action with an interesting spell casting system and cathartic blow stuff up fun, play magicka and trap your friends in bubbles full of landmines and zombies."
,Recommended,261760,18195837,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Audish,"Usually when I write up a game, I start with all the good points and then transition to the bad stuff. I feel like this makes for a more positive reading experience overall, and should make my impression of it whole and clear by the end. I'm not going to do that this time, because the first thing you need to know about Lichdom is that it is too damn long. Now, this is not ""the new Shadow Warrior is too damn long"" or ""the Hobbit trilogy was too damn long"" or ""presidential primary season is too damn long"". This is an entirely new paradigm of too damn long, and you really need to understand this before even considering this game. My first playthrough took 22 hours. That's certainly long for an FPS, and short for some other genres with a little overlap here, but those 22 hours were stretched over eight levels. That's it! Furthermore, those eight levels play more like five, because three of them are continuations of the previous level. There's a lost city level, two ice levels, two desert levels, two swamp levels, and a proper city level. With each of those lasting 2-3 hours, you're going to be wandering through huge stretches of glacier and sand and muck.But what really makes this game feel like it takes forever is the level design itself. Lichdom is constructed in the vein of an arena shooter, much like Shadow Warrior or Bulletstorm. Hallways lead to conspicuous arenas where you fight whatever spawns in, after which you take another hallway to another arena and so on and so forth. There are no puzzles, no doors, no interactables, almost no alternate paths, and very little reason to explore off the main trail. There are some side fights and usually one or two secret dungeons that can get you valuable piles of spell components, but in terms of gameplay you're just getting harder versions of the fights you're doing normally. So yes, the cardinal sin of this game is that it is 20+ hours of the same damn thing. What you get in the first two hours is what you're going to get times ten, with arguably even less variety as you progress.Still with me? Good, because if you can get past that admittedly enormous flaw, there's a pretty great game in here. The whole reason to play Lichdom is to make good on the whole BADASS MAGE thing, and the magic system delivers. Instead of guns or swords, you fight solely with magic that you can customize to an impressive degree. Over the course of the game you unlock eight sigils, which are elements like fire and ice but also more curious concepts like corruption and delirium, and you can have three equipped and ready to use at any given time. Each sigil has three spells attached to it for you to use. There's a targeted spell that can be built as a homing missile, a bomb you lob, or a channeled beam. There's an AoE spell that can be an explosion, a pool, or a trap that must be triggered. And there's a nova that has conditions for triggering it depending on your shield (more on shields later). On top of that, you can determine the EFFECT of each spell, either direct damage, a status effect, or a damage multiplier, which also varies in its function by sigil. Fire spells can knock down and burn over time, lightning spells can stun and chain across enemies, delirium spells can mind control and make enemies flee, and so on.And honestly, that's just the basics. Spells can critically hit for additional effects, or be charged before casting for a guaranteed crit. Charged spells can do a special crits charmingly named ""apocalypticals"" which give you a bonus effect based on the inflicting sigil. You can craft special synergy spells that use two sigils instead of one and have awesome room-clearing effects like collapsing black holes or summoning exploding zombies or conjuring a hurricane. You also build a shield spell for yourself that represents your hit points and determines additional abilities like teleporting and blocking. Spells are crafted out of Diablo-style loot drops from enemies and chests, color-coded by rarity (white-green-blue-purple-orange-red, of course). These components can be combined up to higher grades, disassembled for specific parts, or gambled away for a chance at rare components. If this sounds overwhelming, there's a Smart Inventory option that will upgrade your spells and combine up your components for you. Honestly though, if you're not in it to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out over your spells, you're missing a huge part of the game. You've got a ton of control over your arsenal, and experimentation is incredibly fun with the enormous range of effects and combinations your can produce.As hard as I slagged the level design, I have to say they are pleasing to progress through. The CryEngine makes for some gorgeous scenery, and a lot of love went into rendering the battlegrounds and cesspools you traverse. The levels themselves can be pretty creative, even if their layout is not. The third level is particularly impressive once you figure out what it is. While there is a lot of detail, it's worth mentioning that there are no destructables or physics objects. This felt particularly disappointing while slinging around devastating spells, even if the spell effects themselves are meaty and satisfying. There's a pretty good variety of enemies as well, or at least there would be for a shorter game. About half are introduced early on and the rest are slowly sprinkled in so there is some variety to the battles, even if you're going to be fighting every possible combination of foe at least twice.The story is nothing special, classic fantasy revenge story, but the voice acting is pretty great. You get to play as Troy Baker or Jennifer Hale, and whichever one you don't pick becomes your NPC traveling buddy. And let me tell you, they are some clever, snippy jackasses. The other characters mostly talk like Tolkien characters but these two love cursing and quipping at each other and everything in a perfectly charming way. Your mentor figure is Clancy Brown (swarthy Lex Luthor from the Superman cartoons!), and the villains and side characters all turn in quality performances as well. I will say that the plot does something dumb in the swamp levels that cuts into the voice acting fun quite a bit, but by that point you're probably just trying to power through to the end. There are some pretty good and challenging boss battles, and the New Game Plus mode if you manage to beat the game is great for dicking around and tricking out your mage; it's a big series of challenge portals with different randomized fights and scaling difficulty.So there you go, a writeup almost as long and meandering as the game itself. I've certainly gotten a lot of enjoyment out of it, chiefly because the spellcrafting and combat are excellent and the presentation is fantastic. But even I was getting sick of the game by the ten-hour mark, and that wasn't even halfway. I really pushed myself to finish it, and I'm glad I did, and I still kinda want to play it now and then. It's just important to know what you're getting into, and prepare for a lot of monotony if you want to get to the meat of the game. Pick it up on sale like I did ($5 is a steal for a game of this quality, at least!) and give the first level a try, and if you're cool with that for another 20 hours, enjoy depopulating a faraway kingdom with fire and locusts and zombies and time rifts. Forever."
76561197987595798,Not Recommended,261760,11915728,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Blaise,"Game was a ton more fun in beta. Then they went and changed a ton of minor (but very important mechanics in the game, like how often you get upgrades. Which was decent in beta, now with release its almost never). They also did a major overhall on the ability to dodge enemies (unlimited unless you limited yourself but got other boosts, now it is 3 dodges max, with a long long cooldown). I had 10 hours in the beta and loved the game, just played an hour of official release and I just cant bother. Their whole thing about making mages seem strong was completely destroyed with the official release, and like many games (as a mage) with every encounter I am spending atleast 2/3 of my time running away and less than 1/3 attacking. Which frankly makes me feel against like any old squishy mage, and you might as well just throw in a mana bar that regenerates over time because its comes out to the same thing, if you dont spend most of your time running way you just straight up die before you can cast enough spells to kill anything beyond the weakest of the weak enemies. I seriously cant believe how much they destroyed their main selling point when they went from beta to release."
,Recommended,261760,11894871,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Jendar,"I admire this concept. I was excited by it when I first read the description ofLichdomsomewhere on the Internet. World certainly lacked a game where you could really feel like a mage, casting endless spells and wreaking mayhem around yourself.You even feel wrong while playing it, because until now, in any other game, this kind of gameplay has only been available through cheating. You are basically immortal (in case of ""death"" you actually just despawn and spawn back at the nearest checkpoint), you have an abyss of magical energy that never exhausts, and you can just keep throwing orbs of fire at your enemy until it dies. Overall, it's all you could only dream of if you ever chose to be a mage in an RPG. Do you remember how you had to sleep in order to restore your mana after killing every_single_enemy inMorrowind? Feels like nightmare now.Lichdommakes use of the old principle of making magic that you could find in certain games in the past. You need to 'craft' spells by means of combining certain elements: the basic source (like fire), shaper (like projectile) and effect caused (like damage). Shapers and effects have several levels of strength and can be upgraded to improve them. The crafting system is tricky: a lot depends upon your ability to analyze the spell components, understand the way they work, and pick up those that would make the spell the most efficient. Thus, your work on the spells should be scrupulous and meticulous. Certain people fail to understand that, and it's rather funny to see them complaining that enemies are too strong, spells are too weak, and they can't just come through the whole game with one set of spells they created at the very beginning.Speaking of which, you can have 3 sets of spells at hand, each set consisting of a single-target spell, a multiple-target spell and a protective spell. Personally I could use more creativity and variability in both crafting and management of spells: you can't combine two different kinds of shapers or effects, for example, or have two single-target spells in one set. Still, I think it's fine the way it is.People criticizeLichdomfor making promises about thousands of possible spells that come out to be not entirely true. There's a bit of marketing manipulation in that, indeed; it would have been more technically correct to speak of hundreds than of thousands. The arithmetics is as follows: 3 types of spells - 3 ways to attune them - 7 main types of shaping - 8 basic sources; that's 504 in total. Also, unique and extra-strong synergy spells can exist between the basic sources, adding another 49. The rest of spell variability resides upon random modifications that come up with certain shapers and effects: damage boosts, projectile speed increasers, critical hit chance multipliers etc.I have also seen a number of reviewers who believed that basic sources (""sigils"" by in-game terminology) are all the same and only change the color of projectiles you cast. That's basically a bitter mistake of people who saw the first three sigils and decided that they've seen them all. I feel pity for them, because they will never know that you can hang your opponents in the air and smash them into the ground, summon an army of creatures to assist you, slow the time down, control the minds of your enemies, create black holes that tear them apart, cast meteor showers or whirlwinds of fire and ice etc. Also, each sigil is suited for a certain purpose, so by means of careful and skilled attunement you can create incredibly powerful spells. What do you think of killing the main endgame boss with all his monstrous health in a couple of minutes?CryEngine obviously is not designed for open-world games, so this game has a strong resemblance to a first-person shooter where you just follow a wide but still limited passageway. I would have preferred a greater freedom of exploration and probably some other things that might makeLichdommore Skyrimey as well; but maybe it's not that bad, because you have enough trouble dealing with all those shapers and augments to care about grabbing loot or running around with a map.There's also been a lot of criticism for repetitive gameplay. As one person had said, ""you just travel from one pack of enemies to another"". The trick is thatLichdomis a shooter (as I've just said), and any shooter can be called repetitive. Games of that genre are played for the action and for the process of killing enemies standing in your way. TakeCrysis 2or3, that are built upon the same engine, as an example. Can't you say that it's travelling from one bunch of CELL soldiers or cephalopods to another? Meh, you can even callHalf-Liferepetitive: ""oh come on, kill some headcrabs - solve a puzzle, kill some zombies - solve a puzzle, repeat ad nauseam"".I won't be saying anything about graphics here, because again, it's CryEngine. You know what I mean.You can choose whether you'll play with a male or a female, but there are no editing options for the character. That's not a big problem, because the game doesn't have a third-person view, so you won't really get a lot of chances to enjoy their exterior. I enjoy the female character's voice instead; it's quite nice, and it reminds me of Commander Shepard.I've said about things I liked and things I'm fine with, now I'll say what troubles me.The game is still slightly buggy. It's not critical, it won't crash, freeze, or make you lose your progress, but there might be minor issues like character starting to move automatically in one direction with no way to stop it except for exiting to game menu and loading the game again, or birds hanging in mid-air after they were supposed to fly away. It's a new release, though, and probably these things will be dealt with in future.It also seems to me that spells and their effects are not that action-like. It's a common trouble in many games, and it partially exists inLichdomtoo. What happens if a fireball impacts an enemy and explodes? Yes, your guess was right: the enemy continues to run at you without even losing a step. This is a fireball, after all; it should knock the enemy off its feet and bump it into the nearby wall. If you decide to use a lightning projectile, be ready that your character will cast a slowly flying orb of electricity instead of a flashing lightning bolt. I'd like to see a swifter and more explosive gameplay. Maybe it's a matter of personal taste, though.So,the primary positive feature ofLichdomis its concept to unshackle the mage,and the primary negative feature of it is that I do not actually feel badass. I feel cool, but not badass.In general, I like this game, and I support it. To me, its virtues outweigh its drawbacks. If you like the idea behind it as much as I do, if you ever dreamed of limitless magical power, then don't hesitate and get it - it won't disappoint you."
76561198135114276,Recommended,261760,11879780,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,VikingVanny7,"No, this is not Skyrim. It is more of a hallway shooter with f***ing awesome spells. There is no open world or anything like that. It's more like a Serious Sam, or Painkiller with magic and a great spell crafting system, which is fine with me, I love that kind of a game. Sometimes you just want to run around and kill things in all sorts of fun, creative ways. Perfect for late night gaming sessions. It's also $20 less than your typical ""big deal"" full release, or even much less than that if you got it when it was early access, like I did. I already have my deep RPG's, more than I can even play. It's nice to just have something like this to sit back with a beer, pump up the headphones, relax and enjoy at the end of a long day. Bottom line, it is just a fun time."
76561197983740996,Not Recommended,261760,14101099,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Chane,"Lichdom Battlemage was a game I highly anticipated, but the game just did not fulfill my expectations.You might note that I spent 38 hours playing the game. Well, yes, that's correct.First of all you have to manage to reach the end. It's a rather long game, some of the levels are huge and seem like they will never end at all. Then there is the difficulty, this game can be freaking hard! Unless you shift down to casual mode you will die plenty of times. And then there are the achievements, which I enjoy hunting, so all in all it took some time to find my verdict.The reviews and articles about this game like to mention the word 'bad♥♥♥♥♥mage'. Well, there might be some bad♥♥♥♥♥in this game but it's definitely not you or me. And even if you reach the highest tiers in all you magic abilities you still won't be the bad♥♥♥♥♥you dreamed of. Besides, it is very unlikely that you will reach level 20 of any of your ability by a one time play-though. But luckily the game lets you continue progressing your abilities and strengths after reaching the end of the game. You even have the chance to move back in the levels you have already played, just this time there are more enemies and they are much stronger than before. Your masochistic attitude will define if you are going to like this or rather not.So did I have fun?Well, yes, I had some fun, but not enough to make me recommend this game.Let's have a look at the pros and cons.Pros:- nice graphics- fighting is fun and looks very cool- after too many gamer complaints the developers added an automated spell crafting system (that works but always keeps you wondering if a spell could not have been done better)- developers added some extra levels called portals to keep you playing after you finished the game- five difficulty settings. So why is this a good thing? Because there was only one difficulty level before player complaintsCons:- cry engine 3, it's going to cost you if you want to enjoy this game in full details in full HD without stuttering- the story is boring, to be frank, I could not care less- the only two things you can do in this game is fighting or redefining and upgrading your spells. Fighting makes you gain accessories for spells.- fighting becomes too repetitivespell-crafting is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I still don't really understand it in full detail- no manual (yes, you will painfully miss it and you will find yourself searching the net for clues on spell-crafting, trust me)- limited range of enemies that almost stays the same group of foes from the beginning to the end of the game- very linear level design- boss fights are rather tiring than existing- some actions make you loose some of all your progress in spell crafting. Like when you switch to 'bad♥♥♥♥♥ difficulty all spell crafting experience for all spells not equipped is reset to level 1. Is this bad? Yes, this is bad !!!- the game can be very frustrating if you play on medium difficulty or higherSince I like to collect achievements I kept playing after finishing the main game. That's why I ended up with 38 hours play time. But would I recommend this game to a friend? No, sorry, just can't do that!If it's on sale for like 5 bucks or less I think it's OK to buy the game but do not expect too much. My  expectations where high. Maybe that's why I was somewhat disappointed. The bad things in this game simply outnumber the good things and that's what leaded to my verdict. In terms of gaming magazine ranking my verdict would be around 60 for this game.Do I regret playing Lichdom Battlemage?Not really, but I am more than happy to leave it behind."
76561198000116246,Recommended,261760,16482534,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TiTeddyBear,"This game is exactly what it says on the box. You are a mage. You have great power. You have no responsibility.I have one huge gripe with this game and it's that nothing is explained, which makes the crafting system a ♥♥♥♥♥.I had spells with 10 different variables listed on them. After playing through the game thrice I only understand HALF of them.I'm not even kidding.Luckily, you don't have to understand the chemistry of flammable materials in order to pull a trigger and the spells work just fine even if you don't know wtf you're even doing.Just find a combo that gets the job done, and stick with it.For example, after skimming tutorials on crafting I made a build that allowed me to debuff my enemies, freeze them in place, set them on fire, explode them into bloody chunks, STOP TIME FOR 5 SECONDS, and then kill all their friends.This pleases me.On my second playthrough I made a build which involved infecting my enemies with the eggs of stinging insects, waiting for the eggs to 'mature' and then killing the first enemy, which freed the insects to attack the second enemy, which then spawned more insects to attack the next enemy...and so on.This self-perpetuating insect cascade scoured the board clear of anything that irked me.And if anything survived I electrocuted it to death.And don't get me started on the kamikaze ghoul you can summon who breathlessly chuckles at you while he searches for enemies to blow himself up against.""Huehuehuehue. Huehuehuehueueueuueuueueue!"" - Dat Ghoul11/10"
,Recommended,261760,9575113,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwkLLtVS5rM&feature=youtu.beAbove is short let's play show casing the Alpha of Lichdom.Below is my original, but out dated impressions video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biBoqkVSTgc(will be updating this soon)Lichdom is a very promising game as far as early access go. It has a silky gloss of polish over most of the important aspects of the game. It certainly look and feel professional, however, it being an early access, there are a few ""hic-ups"" along the way.Overall the game is worth the money imo. The devs have proven to have listened to their community very activity, and has updated the game fairly regularly. I think It has the potential to become some thing pretty incredible. This Early build is already fun as hell. Sure, has some issues, but considering it's alpha, it's pretty fun.Pros:- AAA feeling visuals- Fast, and twitchy combat- Combat feels fluid and responsive- Deep spell crafting system- Can be challengingCons:- Still parts where you can very much tell it's early access- Could be overly challenging for some.- Some pacing issues. At the moment, it's mostly about getting into encounter after encounter with out much else in between"
76561198053220205,Not Recommended,261760,11917216,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,thetruthfulheretic,"I was excited to see the premise behind this game, and I must admit the hype got the better of me. I should've waited for more reviews. The following are the reasons why I do NOT recommend this game to anyone.1: I have been a RPG fan for the majority of my life, and I can tell you: This is not a RPG. Consider Serious Sam, only instead of bullets you shoot magic.There is no strong story line, no character development, no sensible balance between physical-magical abilities and no items. Just mindless hack and slash from area to area without any rhyme or reason.Most notably, there is no discoveries or adventure, which is perhaps the most notable aspect of any good RPG.2: The premise of magic is abhorrently wrong. One can clearly sense that the developers had some system of magic like Skyrim in mind, and thought: ""Hey, wouldn't it be cool if the hero had no limitations like mana etc?"".The result is just bizarre. You can only have 1 spell equipped at any time, there is no artistic way of combining them together: Simply hack and slash, just with magic.Even Dragon Age 2 got it better than this, of course far far better. Not to mention games like Path of Exile which have a clearly different and much better progress.3: The diffidently spikes are extremely annoying. You have 3 shields, if you lose them, you die and have to start from the checkpoint. Easy? Nope:- ""I just wanna be a tanky mage with lots of AOE!""- ""No can do sonny, now dodge, dodge, DODGE! RUN! Oh you got hit twice? You dead sonny, start from the beginning.""//To recap, the whole premise is a lie: This is neither a Role Playing Game nor is based on Magic (at least so far that other success RPGs have put forward). If you are a fan of hack and slash games you may like this, but others please stay away and do not waste 40$ on this one."
,Recommended,261760,9563021,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Blue Jean V. Debs,"EDIT:I'm still playing right now but I figured I should comment on some of the positive aspects now that I have a better grip on the gameplay and am not rushing a review before leaving for work. First, the impact of magic is badass. When you play, particularly when using fire spells, the first thing you will notice is that the impact of spells is unlike any other game out there. Embers shoot off of enemies, and there is even a nice touch where nearby foliage can be scorched. I adjusted my graphics preset to medium and am happy to report that there seems to be very little loss of visual fidelity while at the same time a noticeable increase in performance. I still wish there were more advanced options, and choosing a preset is definitely favorable to customizing your options, as it will often result in worse performance.I maintain that the level design is very linear, however, there are branching paths. Upon starting a new game I was able to experience a rather engaging mini-boss fight that I did not see before. As for being able to run past enemies, it is not as severe of a problem as I initially thought. Enemy AI is fairly competent (ranged enemies keep their distance and even take cover from spells while melee enemies rush you as expected), however, the problem seems to be that enemies are tethered to certain areas. This is fixed in a few areas, like the boss arena, that require you to jump into an arena, however the problem still persists in many places. I would like to see enemies be able to follow you wherever you go and maybe even a new enemy type that can outrun the player.Animations are very high quality. Incinerating skeletons and watching their burning forms recoil and slump to the ground is satisfying, and all the enemies move and attack in realistic ways.I still think that the slow motion dodge (though extremely cool) is a bit too powerful, though I definitely see the merits of ranged combat now that I have to deal with the pesky archers. If anything, AOE attacks seem underpowered considering they take longer to charge up than any other attack and are used for close range, a situation where the dodge move would most likely be far more effective and easy. I'm sure there will be plenty of balancing, though.So yes, I definitely recommend buying this game right now. This build is very solid as far as pre-alphas go and if I were you I would definitely grab it for the discounted price now.****End EditFrom what I've played so far, I can say it is alright, especially for pre-alpha.There are not a lot of spells that are available right now, but I'm sure they will be added later. First the things I don't like:-Sluggish movement-No jumping-Lack of crosshairs and ambiguous UI-Problems with dialogue being voiced (don't know if voices are integrated yet or this is my problem) and some artifacting problemsMy biggest concern, however, is the level design. I was able to beat the entire game (thus far) by simply running past enemies and then later spamming the slow motion move that burns/ices a path. Very disappointing. Spellcasting right now simply isn't that fun. Most enemies rush you and certain spells are FAR more useful than others. The basic projectile spells pale in comparison to your slow-mo and AOE attacks, but take a similar amount of time to charge.I can say that the game does look pretty good, particularly in the lighting department, though it is not perfectly optimized yet. Again, I will require some more playthroughs. As of right now I have run through the first mission and about half of the second one. The story is fairly nonsensical, unfortunately. It looks like effort is being put into it, though, so maybe more context will be established in the future. Right now it is DEFINITELY pre-alpha. As long as some of the balancing problems are fixed, the game is optimized a bit better (and we are given some advanced graphics options), then this will be a worthwhile release. Right now I'm coming away feeling lukewarm about the whole thing, but that isn't a bad thing at all considering the early state of the game."
76561197985253346,Not Recommended,261760,13014422,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Liao,"It might be fun to play for some people, but it wasn't for me.Lichdom: Battlemage is basically a first person shooter with magic. The advertising goes like ""be a mage with unlimited power, no cooldowns or anything"". Having unlimited power, the ""mage"" feels fairly limited. Not only does your magic often enough feel incredibly weak and slow, the entirely unnecessary base damage/health value increase over the course of the game makes fighting a lot more annoying than it is fun.The game starts off being rather easy. Enemies in the first two regions of the game (Drivasser City and the caves underneath) are pretty easy to defeat. However, during the course of the third region the player is introduced to (the snowy Greyteeth Mountains) difficulty tends to spike and reach a level where combat becomes a tedious chore and no fun at all anymore. Increasingly large groups of enemies dotted with more and more ""miniboss"" or ""empowered mob"" kind of foes start applying a headache inducing number of rapidfire CC effects on the player, which are terribly hard- to often impossible to dodge or deflect. For example, there will be a low powered ranged-attack mob shooting arrows that freeze the player. While damage to the player will break the ice, those mobs shoot these arrows in rather rapid succession, freezing you on every hit. This combined with CC effects of other enemies that usually spawn in tow of these can lead to the player being frozen, stunned, slowed or otherwise impaired litterally for minutes before there is even a slight chance to break such a chain, given that the player survives it at all.That said, the players very few own useful CCs are usually frail, weak, slow to deploy and outright unrelieable. For example freezing: You can usually freeze most enemies with a simple Ice-beam spell or an ice shot, which usually works on trashmobs with no to little special effects. However, enemies which you would actually NEED to be frozen are either not affected, or the effect works only for maybe a half to two seconds, which doesn't really give you time for a worthy followup. That said, all enemies (especially bosses, minibosses and empowered mobs) seem completely randomly immune to CC effects like freezing or being held in place by a kinetic spell, which, as mentioned before, makes these spells utterly unrelieable. The fact that enemies tend to spawn around and right next to you, doesn't really help you keep control or fight systematically. I know that some level of chaos and surprise attacks by newly spawning enemies is an integral part of the fun in these games, but there is a fine line between it being fun or just utterly annoying.Combine all that with a completely unnecessarily complex and unrewarding spell crafting system (granted, the smart inventory crafting system helps a little but it has it's limits), unnecessary difficulty spikes through utterly over-powerful enemy types being introduced, and a completely off-putting story and storytelling.Story... I have yet to experience something of the sort in this game. Basically it goes: The Cult of Malthus is your enemy because it's evil. Go and murder as many as you can and kill their bosses. Oh and they have undead. Enjoy.That not being enough, the ""mage"" (player character) called ""Dragon"" in this game, isn't actually a mage, but some random person the Cult has done wrong by, which is handed a pair of magic bracers that allow throwing spells, make you unkillable (if you die you get revived by waypoints without loadscreens and regular dying is actually part of the lore), and give you shields. The player character has actually no frickin idea how his/her magic works and is magic-wise generally a dumb n00b.Personal note: I don't feel like playing a ""mage"" when the ""mage"" is just some random idiot with enchanted weapons and hasn't worked for their magic power by study or training AT ALL.Anyway, now for the positive aspects of the game:Amazingly beautiful environments. Seriously, the game world might lack some of the fidelity and dynamic effects of for example Crysis (this is a Cry-Engine 3 game after all), but still it is extremely beautifully crafted. Surroundings look entirely awesome, that much must be said. Characters, enemies and most special effects like spells or fire also look very nice (ice/freezing being the possible exception), but a game is not just about looks.Sadly however, for all it's good looks, there's very little one can do in the environment. Shoot a few glowing plants or ice crystals here and there, and find a book or a scroll for some journalbound lore now and then, but that's largely it.The soundtrack is decent, yet largely unremarkable.The most positive aspect of the game for me is that, however in a game like this most people would maybe consider it unnecessary, the player get's to choose if the protagonist should be male or female, while the game is actually completely voice acted for both player genders. It might be a minor detail for some, but I find it very nice and would wish for more games to include that option.So.Very bad and annoying combat gameplay, unnecessary damage/healthrange increases, needlessly complex crafting system (with the recent addition of an automated crafting system which is alright), really really beautiful graphics, not mentionworthy story that doesn't really make too much sense, player choice of gender.I cannot really recommend the game, but if you like first person shooters with a ""challenging"" gameplay in a fantasy setting with little in the way of a compelling tale and you don't mind retrying a lot, sure, go ahead."
,Recommended,261760,15592248,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Section_Ratio_General,"This game is great. I bought it the moment it came out, and I don't regret it. If you read the negative comments, they mostly focus on 3 things, 1) Too hard, 2) Spell making isn't great, or 3) too repetitive.Well, It's hard. There are boss fights and even mini boss fights which I will slam my head against for hours. If you don't like a challenge, don't play. This game wasn't meant to be a stroll through the park, it was meant to really challenge a mage-type character. I enjoy difficulty, so I enjoy this game.The spell making is much more than what the negative comments would make you think. Yes, there are only three basic types of spells (Area, Target, Nova). However, there are multiple types of each spell. For example, targeted spells can be rays, missiles, a lobbed bomb, etc. Then, once you've chosen the type of spell, and it's category, you can choose modifiers. You can go for super fast, super destructive, crowd control, etc. AND that's not even all. Don't forget the sigils, each sigil is a different type of magic with different effects and usages. To top it off, when you're crafting spells, the most powerfull spells use two sigils, and that mixture brings epic destruction.  There is plenty of spell variety if you're looking for it.No, it is not repetitive. There is quite a bit of grinding, I won't deny that, but that is only due to how difficult the boss fights can get. The more you kill the more spell components you get, the better spells you can craft, the more powerful you become. When you get to boss fights, different bosses require different strategies. Some you have to cc and kill quickly, others you have to dodge and run and hit hard when you can. Some bosses you have to walk right up to them and just hit them non-stop until they slam into the ground and explode (It looks awesome).p.s. I forgot to mention when it comes to spells, there are also sheilds."
76561198006541362,Not Recommended,261760,16939742,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Lichdom: Battlemage promises hours of fun combat as a powerful battlemage but, sadly, the actual game leaves a lot to be desired.PROS:-very good graphics and spell effects-frantic combat backed by responsive controls-deep spell creation system-pretty fun for the first few hoursCONS:-boring, mostly linear level design-same-ish and sometimes unbalanced enemy encounters get dull and/or frustrating after awhile-spell creation system is barely explained and extremely convoluted-overall uninteresting story is also very slow to unfold-pacing problems made worse by extremely long levels-lack of enemy variety-some checkpoints are too far and/or badly placedhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=477024727The game starts pretty strong and the first few hours are fun while you blast enemies left and right and try to follow the story: after a bit several design problems start to rear their ugly heads. You slowly realize levels basically funnel you along a mostly linear path and that the gameplay boils down to walking around with little to do/engage long enemy waves in certain areas/walk to and activate the next vortex to get a small bit of story/rinse and repeat. This gets dull after, say, 3 to 4 hours and when you realize the game takes between 12 to 15 hours your enthusiasm will take a pretty big hit.The combat can quickly get frustrating as you get swarmed by wave after wave of enemies: you can dodge a few times before entering a cooldown and there's a block mechanic that mnost people find too hard to use properly: this either leaves you frustrated as you die and get sent back to the previous checkpoint (having to bear the long walk AND having to face all the enemies that have respawned along the path) or dial down the difficulty and slowly fight enemies that are still too much of a bullet sponge.Last but not least Battlemage's most interesting feature, its deep spell creation, is mostly ruined by excessive complexity and horrible tutorials: you'll have to search for several guides before you'll be comfortable with the basics and even then quite a few elements will remain a mistery.For little more than 5$ when on sale the game sure isn't a trainwreck and can be decent for a while but due to the huge amount of shortcomings I honestly find it hard to recommend."
,Recommended,261760,16851211,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Xaviant hasn't been around for that long, but you might be impressed with its first attempt, Lichdom: Battlemage, described as a ""first-person caster,"" and living up to that title unambiguously. Crafting spells is at the heart of the game, with virtually everything you experience hinging largely on your ability to craft the right spell for any given circumstance. Lichdom has some troubles with its learning curve, and there's a good chance you'll spend a long while trying to clear the first boss of the game, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be lobbing fireballs, calling down lightning storms on your foes from a safe distance, and blinking your way out of danger when it comes your way.Even starting out, the spell crafting system is a tad on the complicated side - there are literally millions of potential spells you can create from the 156 base spell types - so you'll do well to read up online, or check out the in-game tutorial videos to sort out exactly what you're doing before you waste all your crafting materials. You'll have up to three active elements of eight total elements available in the game, and three types of spells active for each element at any given time; Targeted, AOE, and Nova.There are three ways to cast spells of a given element as well. Left-clicking will launch your equipped targeted spell, and holding left and right mouse buttons will charge up your AOE, with a visible circle on the ground for targeting, as well as animations to let you know when it's fully charged. Finally, right-clicking will block an attack, and timing a block perfectly will release your third spell type, the Nova, hitting all nearby enemies.Despite the difficulty of some bosses and game segments, the gameplay itself is spectacular. Combat is refreshingly fast-paced, without resorting to mechanics like one hit kills and the like. While blocking may be the preferred approach to not dying, I still find blinking around the area to be preferable to trying to time blocks, and the maneuverability this imparts on your character is profoundly game changing. Having used the charge blink for some time, switching back to the quick blink was like night and day for survivability.The entire combat system - spamming blink, charging auto-crits with your targeted spells, and laying down AOE effects for your enemies to wander into - is thrilling.Lichdom: Battlemage tells an incredibly linear story, but does it in a fairly novel way, with most of the cinematics being shown in-game, and triggered optionally by activating purple rifts in the world. They'll show you a little glimpse of something that's happened in the area, offering some background and context for the zones you're playing through. It's not an open world by any stretch, and most of your wandering will be minor branches off the path to collect a piece of loot or recharge your shield after a tough fight. Otherwise, you're just walking along the predetermined paths, killing all the bad guys you see along the way.With an remarkably robust spell crafting system and spectacularly entertaining combat, Lichdom: Battlemage finally brings the glory to the magic user that it has long deserved. Creating your own options for how to play lends depth and complexity to the game as a whole, and lets you tailor the experience to literally any style of combat you want. Lichdom crafts an intoxicating blend of frantic, skill-based combat and deep role-playing mechanics that makes it a solid choice for action fans."
,Recommended,261760,12997652,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zeemond,"This is a hard game to review, one one side you see wasted potential and in the others what marvelous thing they accomplished. First off, they are right, never before has being a mage been taken to this extend as far i know. you craft your own spell from components, and each spells can be influenced in 9 different ways, some with varying results. Some spell can behave completely differently depending on their focus while others barely register a change. But this is because some spells are better suited for some things, Control fire is inherently less. interesting than say control frost, but destruction fire on the other hand.... The game feature a  large quantity of spell sigil, a decently long campaign with a new game +, challenging boss fights, i for one thought i was too strong for as moment, and the boss put me in my place. Being an immortal mage never been this fun and i hope to see a Lichdom 2 someday. Takes everything that's great with this game and improve on the rest and its GOTY material. as it stand the game is not too pricey and you will get a good bit of fun. The game strength is not its story, it is its mechanic. The graphics are pretty decent and it is one of the only game that force my computer to work for them, noticeably. If anyone need a comparison, this is the Serious Sam of magic games! It is one of the game i will/have taken the time to finish. Blast away!-Lost"
76561197992244401,Recommended,261760,12999384,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Slashimus,"On my second playthrough of this game and I have to say it is unexpectedly beter than I thought it would be.If I had to try to classify it, I would say it is a mix of the old school magic FPS games like Hexen and Herectic with some Diablo loot collecting and some crafting thrown in for good measure.Requires a decent rig, but it is great fun once you understand the mechanics of the game.With 8 spell schools to choose from(each with 3 spell types) and three spell attunements to apply to each of those spells, there is a huge variety in what you can do.The game is also more tactical and less twitch than I initially thought it would be which is also a good thing IMO.In short, give it a try. Freeze, burn, shock, phase, corrupt, force and necro to your heart's content! Oh and craft new spells too..."
76561198003332807,Not Recommended,261760,19105366,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,EternalNewbie,"The game looks gorgeous and the spell crafting system is very interesting, it's a pity it's in the service of arena-shooter gameplay, which gets old very fast.  Needed more variety."
,Not Recommended,261760,17501318,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Decidophobia,"At first I thought the game will be fun, but after few levels I was hoping to face the end of my journey as battlemage. Same crowd of monsters\cultists over and over again, long levels, far checkpoints, dull and complicated spell craft system (I'm really glad that there is also smart inventory besides the original one), and the most disappointing (for me) - the plot is too predictable and boring. After hours and hours of collecting journals I stopped reading it at the very beginning and believe me I have no regrets about it.I struggled to finish the story, rage quitted a lot, and now, when I finished it, after 25 hours spend in game I have only hard feelings about it. May be I was expecting too much from it?"
,Not Recommended,261760,10825345,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gub,"I was expecting something elseWhen I saw the description and the idea of being the ultimate mage badass, I did not think it would be so boring and un satifying.I know this is an early access game but I was expecting something similar to dark messiah might and magic. Instead it feels like I am walking from arena to arena fighting the same enemies using the same boring spells. I expected a huge aarray of fun and wacky spells to use. But all it is is an aoe attack, a projetile attack and a block. Is that really the best you can do? The magic in skyrim is more interesting.I saw kinesis and got excited, was hoping for something like the gravity gun in garrys mod or fus ro da from skyrim. What did I get? exactly the same as every other element it just has knockback or snare. really? is this what being an ultimate mage is like? Because its boring. I want to summon hell creatures reign down fire, and spew death and fear about the battlefield. Not just click lmb till the guy in front of my dies while constalty back pedalling. Very very dissapointing.atleast the game is prettyEDIT: Its no longer in early access and it still is a huge let down"
,Not Recommended,261760,33007003,Posted: 29 June,all,-GK- DISTRACTION CARNIFEX,"Summary: Kinda fun, but only worth it on a sale. I got it for about 4 bucks, and for that price I'm happy enough.I was heavily tempted to click ""yes"" to recommend the game. Iwantto like it. It's kinda-sorta fun. The graphics are nice, the spell effects are nice, surrounding yourself with minions with the Necromancy sigil is satisfying...But then I remembered a similar game I played long ago, one which also gives you the chance to play a powerful mage fighting his way through a horde of evil, except it was way more fun than this. Hexen: Beyond Heretic is the title I'm thinking of. If you're old enough, you know, and I'm sure you also get reminded of the spells Firestorm, Frost Shards, and the Arc of Death, every time you see the mage's hands in Lichdom.And this made me realize several problems with Lichdom, and how much potential this game had that it didn't quite realize.Boring as hell, unmemorable level designI've played through two major areas, and I don't remember anything about them except that there was snow and rocks and some caves.Why? Because it's so damn linear that there's no reason to pay attention. Sure, it's beautifully rendered, but there'snothing really there. The human brain is built to filter out nonessentials when focusing on some task. So after a while gameplay becomes a boring slog of just shooting fire or lightning at enemies, perhaps preceding that with a debuff. Where was I, where was I heading to? No idea. You may notice a cave leading to some extra enemies and loot, but for the most part it's just follow the path and kill things.No real exploration. Just a forward march.And I remember in Hexen after the first playthrough I basically had the whole game memorized, it was so wonderful. There were doors to open, mechanisms to operate, stairs that would rise or fall in response to those mechanisms, keys and powerups to pick up, pieces of the environment that could be destroyed, walls that would turn sideways or crumble, stained glass to shatter to find secret corridors... Hub areas such as The Seven Portals or Hieresiarch's Seminary would be revisited many times, each time causing something to change to unlock the next piece of a puzzle. The areas weremeaningfulin exactly the way they are meaningless in Lichdom.That is of course too much to ask; it's not the 1990s any more. Still, even a linear game can make you want to stop and look around, to take in where you are and what you are doing. For example, Space Marine's single player campaign, with its impressive gothic structures, immense construction cranes, the massive Titan, the lab, the hab, and the ork-infested train etc etc., succeeds at that. Lichdom... does not.Confusing, complicated for the sake of itThe crafting system is underexplained, and is complicated in a way that I don't really feel it needs to be.You go around armed with 3 different schools of magic (out of 8 possible), each of which gives you 1 single target and 1 AoE spell (plus a timed block). And that's really it. You can mix it up a little by changing your single target missile into a single target continuous ray, if you care, but the ray sucks so you won't.But the game pretends that it has this massive number of combinations by adding little relatively meaningless secondary stats via the crafting system. I would have preferred a clear intro to what every spell does.I should write more, but nah.I was going to go into more of a comparison as to what this game does badly that Hexen did right - the next point was going to be enemy variety - but frankly the subject bored me already. This is not a game it's possible to be passionate about."
,Not Recommended,261760,11876989,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Alex Jones,"Played this game a good bit in beta (~14 hours) and here's what I have to say. Out of any game I've ever played this game had the absolute best first impression on me. The novelty of the combat system was so immersive that many of the glaring flaws of the game don't become obvious until the combat becomes routine. The crafting system was a stroke of genius, and I really can't praise it better. Getting past the awesome crafting and using magic, its a strictly linear (and uninteresting) story. It boils down to a series of hallways connecting larger rooms where you fight baddies in order to progress to the next hallway... While it is an excellent combat system I personally feel like you should hold off if you expect to be entertained indefinitely by games you buy. This game has infinite untapped potential, but to realize that I think that it would have to draw more elements from many of the games that it is trying to improve upon. They made the mage feel badass, I certainly agree, but a lot of what I enjoy from the games in the genre this tries to redefine comes down to the storytelling elements and the open ended nature of the worlds. Put this combat system in a setting like that and you will have one of the best games ever made."
,Not Recommended,261760,12307117,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Atavist,"Lichdom: Battlemage has some innovative and fun ideas, but unfortunately is held back by poor execution and a number of questionable design decisions.In its current state, I cannot in good conscience recommend the game without a few health warnings.  In my opinion, different types of gamer will find the title lacking for different reasons.1) Gamers who are looking for a pick-up-and-play action title with big explosions and fun spells will likely be frustrated by the poor tutorial experience and the clunky crafting system. If you expect that a full-price game released in 2014 will teach you its key mechanics and make sure you know at least the basics to be successful, you'll be disappointed. The tutorials do not explain absolutely key gameplay mechanics. The crafting system, which is the only way to improve your character (there are no levels, talent points or skill trees - you only get stronger by crafting better spells), is not explained in the tutorialsat all. If you don't read the journal, the official guides and probably ask a few questions on the forums you may not understand important concepts (such as how to deal enough damage to stand a fair chance in boss fights) and you may get stuck because your spells are ineffective.2) Gamers who enjoy more complex systems, don't mind studying tooltips in detail and experimenting with the crafting system, won't be bothered by point 1). However, they may find other aspects of the game frustrating. Once you've understood how the crafting functions, the game isn't all that difficult and quickly becomes repetitive. The enemy variety is poor and the only real danger emanates from a couple of ranged mob types. IMO there are some serious balance and scaling issues, which become apparent from the middle of the campaign onwards.  Some spell combinations are very powerful (killing the final boss in a single combo is entirely possible), whereas others scale poorly and start to fall behind. Gamers who are looking for the replayability and long-term motivation of ARPGs like Path of Exile will also likely find the current NG+ mode disappointing. NG+ is a series of short missions using locales from the campaign (the campaign itself can't be replayed on higher difficutly - it becomes completely inaccessible). However, that's where the similarity with maps or Diablo III style GRifts ends: the difficulty tuning just isn't tight enough to provide a sense of progression (beat content to get better gear to get access to harder content to get better gear...). You get progressively better spells in NG+ but these spells just aren't really needed.Note the above is not a full review and doesn't describe the game in detail.  I am focusing on the question whether someone should buy this game in its current state. Hopefully, this is helpful for some. If you aren't put off by the issues described above (all IMO of course), then by all means get this game: therearesome fresh ideas at work and I definitely hope the Devs can improve/build upon the current game.Below are a few links to reviews/other comments that I find insightful and that I generally agree with:https://boards.xaviant.com/t/few-thoughts/173http://steamcommunity.com/app/261760/discussions/4/34096318968616496/http://steamcommunity.com/app/261760/discussions/0/613936039539856174/"
76561197970434765,Recommended,261760,12809166,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[JL]Batman,"I'd like for it to be very clear that this is a review coming from someone who only played it after it was released. It is not limited to only 3 types of spells - it's more like 8. you can only use 3 elements at once, but there's enough complexity to more intelligent builds that it is plenty.I've heard people complain about how it isn't as interesting a spell process as Skyrim. As someone who has played more than 150 hours of Skyrim, I can honestly say these people are wrong. Could it still use some things from that game? Perhaps so, but if I had to choose one over the other, I have found Lichdom's magic FAR more entertaining. Just don't do the standard DPS only spells, and you will see what I mean. Using spells to fill your enemies with insect larvae, then use mindcontrol to buy you the 10 seconds you need for the larva to mature before setting fire to the right mob... Well, that's just not something you can do in Skyrim, and it's a blast juggling it like so.Yes, it's quite linear - this is true. Only a few branch off options to do fights for ""loot"". They are worth it, are a blast, and are often a great challenge.Give this game enough time for you to get to the first boss fight and get at least 2 interesting spell types in your inventory. You will find trying to build the perfect spell build to be very enjoyable. I seriously hope this game gets a sequel!"
76561198011635974,Not Recommended,261760,12646394,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Guilty Man,"I realy want to love this game, I did at first.It has spell crafting, a variety of abilities and promises to let the mage be the focus of a game for once. What I got was a slow, disappointing and frustrating FPS where you are limited to 3 guns and 3 utilities with interchangeable colours where everything you do is delayed by having to either charge your attack for 2 seconds a shot or dodge hordes of brutal opponents who can corner you, stun lock you and kill you in very few hits.The Game totes the idea of being an all powerful battlemage but if anything it just reinforces the stereotype of the pasty faced mage hiding behind a barbarian's muscles. It took me a while to realise this but the spells just aren't fun. There are clearly correct combinations I'm meant to be using and if I stray from this path I find myself penalised, not only that but you lose your experience points and levels BY experimenting, forcing you to commit to your choices. An equivalent would be if call of duty reset your progress with rifles just because you played one game with a shotgun.In essence there are 3 targeted weapons, 3 AOE weapons and 1 perfect block. These are then either turned into either a non-damaging control spell (status effects or tactical control), an all damage destruction spell or a middle of the road, does some damage but not much mastery spell. you then augment this further by picking an element to give it colour. So what's the difference between a Destructive Fire Missile and a Destructive Kinetic Missile? The latter is purple and does half the damage, the same goes for all comparisons, they're identical safe for particle effects and damage numbers.But this just means that the only spells that harm are your destruction ones so you will always need them to actualy get the kill. You might think then you use a freeze control spell followed by a destruction spell. That works fine when you're fighting 1 enemy but is impractical when you're facing 5 at a time with ranged support. You will find yourself running round in circles charging your ranged attack because all the spells are bloody mega-man style charge up guns and hoping not to get sniped in the mean time.The enemies are tough, brutal and tanky, meaning that they will all need betwean 2 and 4 shots to kill, some also have disabling attacks such as freezes and knock downs which will leave you helpless on the floor or having to drop that spell you were charging to defend yourself, thus forcing you to start charging all over again."
,Recommended,261760,22924360,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Speed,"Lichdom: Batlemage brings a great concept on the table... But fails to deliver on many aspects.When I saw quotes like ""Never has magic felt as powerful"", I expected a lot from this game... But here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Amazing graphics. Excellent use of the CryEngine engine, locations feel real, many details, beautiful overall.- Magic feels very good, visually.- The whole ""magic"" part is based on a very good (and new) concept that has an amazing potential.- They tried really hard to make you care about the lore, the characters, the past events, but...Cons:- Linear levels with some ""goodies"" on the side.- Repetitive x1000.- I honestly couldn't care less about certain characters or events. While I understood the story, I didn't feel ""in it"" at all.The whole ""previous war/moonbreaker thing is nice, but, for example, when Gryphon died, I've felt just nothing ! Couldn't care less... I MEAN I'VE BEEN TRACKING HIM AND HEDIRA FOR HOURS IN THIS STUPID SWAMP !- The inventory and the crafting system.The problem is that, after a while in the game, you just keep doing this:>be at checkpoint>go forward onto the path that you cannot divert of>ennemies spawn of the ground around you>usually some running weak minions, some stronger various flying/walking/beasts/archers and eventually a lieutenant or mini boos>combo, kill, dodge your way out of the fight>go forward 50 meters>repeatSometimes you'll find yourself at key points in the story and you'll have to fight a boss... And that's kinda all.If the levels were to be shorter and the magic really morepowerful, the whole ""repeat"" thing wouldn't be such a problem. But here, since even the slightest minion levels up as the game advances, it still takes the same freaking time to eradicate them, especially when you consider that at the start of the game you would have dealt 50 damage with a particular combo, and at the end 16'000 !So yeah, given the fantastic possibilities of this magic system, I would have loved a game that actually make me feel like a badass - mid-game and onward, you should have been able to oneshot whole enemies waves with well executed combos, instead of that, you're just doing the same thing over and over again.Sooo... Recommended, yeah, because I still had some fun playing it.. But only if you are into this type of games and only if it is on sale.1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must play"
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,261760,31901784,Posted: 22 May,all,Twosday,"I have attempted to finish this game 3 times now. Each time the same thing happens.1. Oh wow, this game is really cool why did I stop playing before?2. Well I'm sure I get stronger down the road, that fight only took so long because I'm still using basic spells.3. Wow, these enemies are taking like 10 spell blasts each to go down, this sucks.4. Oh great, another terrible extremely basic upgrade that is giving me a whopping 3 extra damage.5. That boss took seven million years. I'm done.I usually make it about 4~ hours before I quit out of annoyance. You are so pathetically weak that even trash mobs take spell after spell after spell to take down, with some elite enemies taking upwards of 20+ casts. The upgrade system is very cool because it allows you to kind of craft your own spell in a way, but every stat boost is so small it might as well not even exist. You are REQUIRED to cast multiple spell types per enemy in order to stack damage boosters, and in the heat of battle while you are doing your best to dodge everything it can become very disorienting to switch between all the different spell types and remember which order to do it in.The game could be really good if it was refined to make spells less worthless. But as it stands, it's just tedious and annoying."
,Not Recommended,261760,21220536,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ad3pt kickback.com,I can only click Mouse 1 for so long.
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,261760,11918004,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,S-P,"The description says you are a powerful mage but I found that you arn't really powerful, taking many hits to kill a basic enemy. Also the game is very boring, I found myself losing interest after a few hours. The interface is not that great and it is very tedious to setup new combinations in your spells. All in all I didn't think the game was that great, there are better games out for sure."
,Recommended,261760,11881261,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,up2zero,"I got this game upon pre-alpha release and have had an absolute blast. It was a fantastic game then and even better now.  It's beautiful...great textures.   There is a lot of 'replayability' due to the fact that there are spells you must commit to in order to get them leveled enough to finish off the bosses.  You will want to play again putting your crafting abilities towards other spells in your replaying of the game.This is not open world and all loot comes from the deaths of some enemies in the form of a spell craftingThe development team is very active in the forums and care about your opinion.This is not an easy game.  The enemies behave like real people, not bots so you feel like your playing online enemies.(Prepare to learn from your mistakes and replay a few areas and bosses.)Some ememies can morph behind you which is unnerving and sometimes irritating.Spell Crafting is key to this game.  The spell crafting has a large learning curve so watch tutorials and read the in-game journal.  Upgrade your shield through spell crafting.  That's overlooked by many.There have been time when I have immersed myself in this game all night but many nights it's just a nice, fun way to fill part of my gamimg evening.  I can't think of any other game like this.  As for the story, I don't care about stories in most games and can't review what I haven't paid attention to.  I just have fun being a mage that's not shackled down by mana bars so you can spam your spell button all you want.Bravo to the developers.  This team is one you want to follow.  Although I am sure much more energy will be put into this game, any games after this will grand; And with some investers I can imagine an amazing multiplay game or even a series to compete with Elder Scroll, Dark Souls, etc. but do not expect that in this game."
76561198023449606,Recommended,261760,11875959,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Ouroboros85,"Don't go into this game expecting skyrim or like myself you will be sorely disappointed. It is not openworld in anyway nor does it have strong RPG elements in interaction with NPCs and the like, you simply don't get to do that. The graphics while OK are not spectacular and the magic system while fun and reasonably innovative doesn't ever give me the feeling of spectacular power, honestly some of the shouts from skyrim are vastly more impressive.Otherwise, taken for what it is the game is reasonably fun and probably worth a playthrough if you don't mind what amounts to just a FPS with spells."
76561197995191308,Recommended,261760,9564768,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Terry,"I found this early access extremely promising. Gameplay reminds me of playing a mage in Skyrim or Dark Messiah of might and magic.It is really playable for an early access game, cant wait for them to flesh out the story, seems pretty interesting aswell.Basically you have 3 different spell types in your disposal, and 3 different attacks for each (I think :D)Single elemental attack, charged aoe attack and a charge spell. And you can customize those spells with different attributes, i.e shorter cast and longer duration of effect and such.Gameplay seems smooth enough, crafting spells seems really interesting aswell.Heres some gameplay i recorded. (sorry about the short freeze in the beginning)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzoXHJCBv0Y&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,261760,18822136,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,cxlxrblind,"It's just not fun! Stunning visuals and a cool concept, but it's very repetive. Go down path, a bunch of guys come at you, kill them, that's all I got. I tried to get into it, but it got boring after a while. The spell building was confusing for me, I really didn't want to learn all that stuff. The story didn't real do anything for me. I'm sure some people can enjoy it, just not me."
,Not Recommended,261760,30595139,Posted: 18 March,all,Aztec Shmaztec,"Fun for a couple of hours, but subsequently repetitive as hell. Crafting is meaningless, the spells are basically all the same anyway. Summoning, the school that could have been a bit more interesting, is totally bugged and the summons do no damage."
,Not Recommended,261760,12341647,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Spray N Pray,"This game is really fun until you realize that you are bascially using the same spell effects over and over and over.  This game had a really nice concept, but fell short of what it could have been.At full price I would pass, but if it ever goes on sale think about picking it up.Its not bad, but its not great. Its just average."
,Not Recommended,261760,14563321,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Reminiscence,"With very pretty graphics, strong voice acting and a compelling concept, I had high hopes for Lichdom: Battlemage. Finally, a game that seemed to fulfil one of the most engaging power fantasies I could think of: Being a nigh-omnipotent mage! Blowing up fools with the snap of a finger! Casually sauntering towards an enemy, all of their feeble attacks blocked by a ward! Then blowing them up! With the snap of a finger!Unfortunately, Lichdom: Battlemage ended up being one of the biggest gaming disappointments I have had in a very long time. This is an extremely linear corridor shooter with a needlessly convoluted crafting system, stupendously durable enemies and a terrible story involving cartoonishly one-dimensional villains.Game developers, can you please - PLEASE - stop making enemies bullet sponges? I am so incredibly sick and tired of facing common mooks that require seven crits to the face before they die. If my character really is, and I quote the official description, ""a total badass with limitless magical potential at their disposal"", then why am I struggling to take down even the lowliest of minions? On the easiest difficulty level? Come -on-, this is just a cheap way of artificially increasing the difficulty that is not even remotely fun, and it easily shattered what little immersion I had.Indeed, the game is not particularly immersive at all. The story is just so... Ugh. Enemies unironically utter lines like ""This creature is no friend to the darkness! Spill its blood!"". Human enemies, mind you, not hand-wringing goblins.It is hard to care about the clichéd tale of revenge that the game tells you because the villains are written as hamfistedly as can be. They are basically mustachio-twirling, cackling baddies who would gleefully kill newborn puppies ""for the evulz"", and it's played completely straight. It is just terrible. The writer(s) should be ashamed of themselves for creating such terrible antagonists.Whilst I would normally try to describe all aspects of a game in reasonable detail, I simply cannot be bothered this time. The combat drags on, there isn't nearly enough variety in the spells you can make and the same models keep being recycled for the enemies. I frankly don't recommend this game. How on Earth the developers managed to make this game - a game about a mage unshackled from cooldowns and mana pools - boring and unenjoyable, is just beyond me.It is a terrible shame."
76561197971267330,Not Recommended,261760,22469048,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,FartMaster 3000,"Great concept  ....poor implementation. The spells feel underpowered, the maps uninspired, the enemies bland and samey. The spell crafting system, which is basically the cornerstone of the game, becomes tedious very quickly and is not at all induitive or fun. I really can't recommend this game unless it's selling super cheap and you're bored, or you just really like obsessively micromanaging a pile of crafting components and putting in a silly amount of time into what amounts to a 1 or 2 percent firepower upgrade."
,Not Recommended,261760,13258910,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,cseepe,"I loved the graphics and the game concept. However, the ""smart upgrade"" system doesn't do a good enough job of creating spells that are viable against the bosses you run into. I ran through the game at least 8 times in order to build up enough spell power to take on the second boss and still failed. The key to progressing through this game is to master the rather complicated spell creation process, which, for me, detracts from game play. Consequently, I gave up in frustration at the extremely high level of hit points you must damage in order to get past the super-tough bosses.Many games balance the game play styles by allowing multiple levels of difficulty. This one doesn't. Ideally, a player should at least be able to downgrade the difficulty level to get past a particularly challenging point so that they can at least get some of the value they paid for with their hard-earned money. Some game developers just don't get this.If you're an avid/hard core gamer and you like this kind of fantasy RPG, then you'll love it. If you're a casual gamer or one that doesn't like to get mired in micro-management then stay away from this one."
,Recommended,261760,13099919,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Eric,"The graphics are beautiful, similar to Skyrim. Don't buy this for the storyline, the storyline is confusing and relatively cheesy. Make sure to get it on sale, too. I feel they delivered on the ""invincible badass battlemage"" but you may have to adjust the difficulty and craft some good spells before you feel truly powerful. The crafting system is ok, there are a lot of spells, but most of them are very similar.  Lichdom is not very RPG-like and I don't think it should be considered one. Lichdom is one of those games that I'd rather listen to music and shoot some fireballs at a walking corpse then try to follow the story line. 7/10 recommended but gets old after a while"
,Not Recommended,261760,14377959,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Brenn,"Note: It says I've only played 13 minutes of this game but I've played between 1 - 2  hours in offline mode.I was very excited about this game because it seemed like a game I'd love to play. I love Fallout, Skyrim, and all thoose first person games, and Litchdom seemed to have a simmilar feel. I was even more excited with crafting your own spells and such but when I finnaly played it... I was very disapointed.Was it fun? YesWas it as fun as I expected? NoIt lacks story you see, I couldn't tell what was going on all the game truely told me was that I was a man and my wife was killed and now I have super powers and I need to kill things and there are these other charters who will repeat the same dialouge in fights until you finnaly just mute the damn game. And finnaly there's not much wiggle room, it's very linear and straight forward.If you were like me and expecting something like Skyrim or Fallout just with spells as weapons think twice before buying it.If you enjoy games that are quite linear and have a variety of spells and crafting then I suggest buying this."
,Recommended,261760,20668389,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Hemix,"Buy this game on sale and regret nothing.Spellcrafting is really fascinating.Just treat it like a singleplayer for 1 walkthrough and you won't be dissapointed.It reminded me of Painkiller series, but focused on exploring and experimenting how your weapon works rather then just shoot everything with anything.Also, game's difficulty mostly defined by your spellkit. You can faceroll or suffer, so it's your choice and challenge after all.I've read a couple of ""No"" reviews and didn't get why these people were so dissapointed, it's a quite solid and complete game. Though I agree it just don't worth more than 50% of it's tag price."
76561198066528164,Recommended,261760,32611946,Posted: 21 June,all,Kaneki Is My Senpai,+ fast gameplay+ spells combinations+ this sound when u crit+ cool graphics+ cool boss figts- boring storyline- hard to understand tutorial
,Recommended,261760,10817567,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jacomini,"It is a very good game. You know, being a wizard of unlimited power! honing their incredible magic and defeating monsters. I found witty and highly recommend it!"
76561198031324041,Recommended,261760,25541460,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mumm-Ra,"Lichdom: Battlemage is a bit of a mixed bag. The storyline is simple and forgettable which is in stark contrast to the actual gameplay.The devs delivered on what they set out to do, this is the first game that makes you feel like an actual mage.That being said the pros -  Fantastic gameplay, wide assortiment of spells, create your own spells!Graphic quality is superb (indie dev), no bugs, very stable ( 80 fps here),has the right level of challenge.The negative aspects would be - Story is weak, your standard good guy out to stop the big bad with verylittle intricacy or development in the plot. I could imagine this being a 80's action flick, like The Beastmaster or something.The level design is also a weak spot as the levels are very large and seem to drag on and on at times. They could have made them considerably smaller and it would have been far better albeit shaving a few hours off the final product. Bigger isn't always better.So the question is, should you buy it? For me its a resounding yes based purely on the gameplay alone. I wouldn't pay the full asking price however, best to wait on a sale which happens on a regular basis."
76561197993507603,Recommended,261760,12341784,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Controller Junkie,Lichdom Battlemage has you playing as a powerful Mage and you really do feel powerful.  The controls are very slick making it very easy to control and master your arsenal of powers.Click here for my reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNGXpRicCTU
76561198033241450,Not Recommended,261760,34384077,Posted: 20 August,all,carefreewill,"It would be fun if the controls weren't so damn clunky. As is it feels like piloting a main character wearing lead shoes and the reaction speed of a corpse. I'm not asking for the hyperactive control speed of Left 4 Dead, just a bit more speed and fluidity, so I don't keep getting blindsided because my character aparently thinks a relaxed walking pace is appropriate for the apocalypse."
76561198010687016,Not Recommended,261760,30414861,Posted: 9 March,all,Izjeen,"This game is just too repetitive. The enemies are pretty much identical, and as a result it just gets a little bit tiresome fighting the same people over and over."
,Recommended,261760,11208494,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mush,"So far, any gripes I have with the game are more than understandable for an alpha (hell, the pre-alpha was more polished than most betas i've engaged on, save ones with pre-established gameplay, etc; read WoW/similar games):-get 'stuck' on environment objects every once in a while-graphical glitches (minimal which is a bit surprising running an SLI setup, game is in alpha, etc etc)-needs some gfx polishing, fps can be a bit choppy on what is a rather high end rig (which again, more than understandable in an alpha)-crafting system still has some key flaws, or missing features-the plot/dialogues/voice overs/animations all need some polish/syncing/fleshing outOkay, enough of the entirely expected issues with an alpha, on to the pros:-unless you 'screw up' creating a number of spells (which used to be more or less impossible, but with the revamp of the spells and crafting system, definitely is a possibility now, and this is NOT a bad thing....more on that later) you can feel both effective and badass, while still experiencing an urgency or need to pay attention....more on this next-the enemy behavior, abilities and dmg have all been heavily revamped, and in general they do more dmg, have slightly better behavioral patterns/AIs, and this is AWESOME.  it all lends to that need to pay attention/the feel of urgency I previously mentioned.  before, the enemies felt...threatless, beyond all their howling, now they pose a real threat, but their HP hasnt been beefed up (or maybe it has, but the spells have been as well) because you can still blow them all to hell >:3-spell crafting has been largely improved; more types of single target and AoE spells, the augments have more, varying effects they can apply.  I did mention in the cons that this crafting system has some flaws, the biggest of which, imo, is the fact that you can end up with HUNDREDS of patterns and augments in your inventory, and due to their varying degrees of quality, and the way you have to upgrade spells (combining a great number of higher quality spells with the one you are looking to improve), it can be time consuming, unwieldly, and just plain annoying to deal with :SRight now, for 24 bucks US, this is a STEAL in my opinion."
76561198042515119,Recommended,261760,23128583,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,drakengard24,Nice game to kill some time until you decide what you want to play foreal XD.Pros+Nice VisualsSoundSpell Upgrade SystemCons-Repetitve to deathMediocre StoryChoppy  ExecutionMost of the spells all look the sameBuy it if you find it on sale....
,Not Recommended,261760,28995291,Posted: 3 January,all,YoungsterBen,"There are postiive and negetives to everygame and in the end, the negetives out weigh the positives for Lichdom: Battlemage. When I started playing, it was fun. You are a powerful mage, crafting spells to destroy enemies. Like advertised, you get to run through enemies as a mage unlike RPGs where you have to level up before you feel really strong. As you progress through the levels more types of spells become available to you and keeps you enticed with variety. Then, as you get further, the repetitive, monotonous nature of the game begins to reveal itself. The levels are very linear and you fight the same enemies. The spell ""crafting"" was a little confusing to me at first but even after figuring things out, it didn't really matter because the type of spells you start out with will be your most powerful. You level a spell the more you use it, so as you find those new spell types later in the game, you can't really use them because they are so much weaker than the ones you've had. WIth that, all fights end up the same. You pop the same order of your same spells against the same enemies. Even the boss fights are the same repetitive spell casting, only difference is the boss is stronger, has a tougher attack, and takes longer to kill. If this game was more of a horde/wave/survival game, it would make more sense and be more bearable. Some rooms in the levels have a wave mode but it is just a small part of the game.Overall, the game's repetitiveness makes it unenjoyable and frustrating."
76561198044207265,Not Recommended,261760,10499179,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,bgordon_nsw,"Game playIts a good game at first but the introduction part is looooooooooong!!!! (at least 2.5 hours in and still figuring when the f- chapter is going to end). The game ends up becoming a smart idea turned into a frustrating rush of button clicking and key stroking unforgiveness.Such as constantly shooting the one spell all the time, it becomes boring and you start to wonder is this all that happens throughout the game? ""Shoot spell, blink, shoot spell, ward up"" repeat, repeat repeat.....CombatGettting a pillar or wall stuck behind you is seriously annoying, so you blink forward to get out and straight into an attacking enemy is ANNOYING. And the enemies hit and health points are way over powered (stop trying to be like Dark Souls difficulty!! ). Charge times and shoot times are too long, and becomes a brain grilling choreEnemiesThose F___ damn distance enemies are annoying and really detract from a fight when youre getting a good hold of the battle.InteractionThere are no mechanics when shooting spells at 'barrels and tables' (with money on them) or any kind of physical manipulation. There are also no item pick ups, (there is, but only scrolls and chests, which dont yeild any interactive items)So no I dont recommned this, unless some better mechanics, game play and design is implemented with a variety of different spells in the beginning, better environment manipulation and a better save/ checkpoint system.I know this is Alpha, but getting foundational design right is crucial!"
,Recommended,261760,15651755,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Prince Oberon,"For people who played Heretic and Hexen back in the day - you will really enjoy this button masher. Lots of combinations modifying play style.... but story is pretty much non-existent, characters are non-relatable, voice acting is weak.  That being said, if to judge it for what it is - it's a great game!"
,Not Recommended,261760,12138378,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Deathtopong,"Corridor fireball flinging: the game.it looks like a skyrim mod that was made in cryengine.  It plays a lot like you're walking through a dungeon in skyrim too.Just buy skyrim and mod it, your money will be better spent."
,Not Recommended,261760,11909837,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Fastphoenix,"Its an alright game, the visuals are nice, and the spell crafting is innovative, but apart from that, it just feels like Call of Duty singleplayer... with magic.  If you enjoy tunnel vision, linear games with the only choice being how you kill your enemy, this game is for you.  If you prefer anything else, don't waste you money."
,Recommended,261760,24751133,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,victimsofretail,"OMG this game is AMAZING!! I have had it for quite a while, and admittedly it  took a better graphics card to enjoy it to a fuller potential...but WOW it's good. It does have its drawbacks...the spell crafting is a bit difficult and the combat can get a little monotonous at times, but still it is a TON of fun to play and the graphics are amazing. Even with the drawbacks, there is no asterisk needed beside my recommendation...the benefits far outweigh any negatives. Highly recommend Lichdom:Battlemage!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,261760,11491814,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWThis game has a lot of potential. Really cool idea, great graphics and satisfying combat but it's full of bugs, unbalanced and has a really confusing crafting system. If you don't understand this system you're gonna have a bad time.Not sure if it's worth playing just yet, but when they finally finish it I'm sure it's going to be something very special. Seems like it will be a mix of Dark Messiah and other FPS games like Hexen.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Wo4sy-kPw0"
76561198028494830,Not Recommended,261760,34070312,Posted: 6 August,all,meritone,"This game was a let down.  It looks cool, and is fun for a little while.  But it gets tedious so, so fast.  Gameplay is basically throw a fireball at things until they die, or throw a debilitating spell at them, then fireball for double damage, repeat.The spell crafting system is a bit of a lie, there really aren't thousands of possiblities.  More like a handful of possibilities with minor number differences.  And good luck understanding the crafting system at all in the first place."
,Not Recommended,261760,16482871,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Namtar,Quickly becomes stale and repetitive.
76561197989229737,Not Recommended,261760,30974109,Posted: 5 April,all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,Tedious magice crafting and small enimy variety. Crafting just jugles stats and there is very little reward due to the lack of effective spells.
76561198041198951,Recommended,261760,24599150,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,nmshadow13,"OK, that was a lot of fun.  Just finished the game, and now I'm wondering/hoping for more.  I'd like a DLC, or even a sequel.  I'll admit the game was hard at first, and I even put the game down for several months.  I've found that it was important to learn the crafting system, and make a good set of spells that allowed me to control the battle field and deal tons of damage.  When I found that rythem, the enjoyment for me went through the roof, and I couldn't put the game down until I completed it.The game was visually stunning, finding myself looking all around, and not just for all of the hidden areas.  The voice acting was great, but what would you expect from the line-up they had, other than the best.In the late game when I had a couple of synergy spells, like meteor and super nova the throw at the enemy dealing 10s of thousands of damage.  I was having the time of my life.This game did have a bit of a Skyrim feel for me, because all you see are your hands, and the game looked beautiful.  It also had a bit of a Dark Souls feel, since you're dropped into this world, and you have to run around looking for clues, and read the journal entries for the lore.  Also, if you want to beat this game, it's not going to hold your hand, you're going to have to just get good at the game.  It also helps a lot to figure out the crafting of synergies."
,Not Recommended,261760,12073306,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zymoox,"NOT WORHT IT.Too linear. Gets boring after a while. Not worth paying 47 bucks for this. Watch gameplays before playing, you'll really see how the game is. When I first saw this game I though it was like Skyrim, but with badass and powerful magic. It's not.I have played this game over 3 hours, and this is not an RPG game. In an RPG game, you have freedom to make your decisions and build your character, but this game has a linear story and the only decision you make is to be male or female.Tryes copying Skyrim's magic system, but fails. Even though in the description it says you have 'Thousands of spell posibilities', don't imagine that you have lots of awesome spells that do completly different things. In this game you only have three spells: a missile, an AOE spell and a shield. It's true that there is crafting, but it only changes the spell stats (i.e. Critical Chance, cast time, etc) some decimals. But there are different elements, thats true; like fire, ice, lightning...Not really, they are all the same, only the graphical appearance is changed.Magic does not feel as powerlful as it look likes. You just go through single-way dungeons trying to dodge enemy attacks and throwing 5 fireballs to every single enemy to kill them (actually fire is the only elemente that makes some damage to enemies).Conclusion: not worth it.But, I have to say that the only decent things in this game are graphics and particles."
76561198064489580,Recommended,261760,11819961,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Brexistential Nigel,"Combat mechanics such as blink (instant dodge to 5 feet in any direction), unlimited casting and reaction based shielding make for a lot of fun and basically carry the game entirley. The spell creation is labyrinthine but rewarding. Unfortunatley the story is unengaging and a little flat, the pacing of the game is constant with relentless running through a linear map filled with combatants which can get a little numbing. Graphics are good and seems generally bug free although as its still in beta you will get the occasional floating wig or spawning with your head in the snow. It's also nice to be challenged and not just fly through every level without hitch like in a lot of modern games. The damage indicators and the loot collection give the game an arcady feel which although perfectly suited to this games complete focus on its great combat mechanics does nothing for story emersion although judging by the plot so far they've probably decided that its for the best that the plot fades into the backround. quick note, the voice acting isn't bad at all and although the protagonist does speak he keeps it to a minimum which is nice. prepare to die alot."
76561198037799823,Not Recommended,261760,11943928,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,untraveled road,"do you like to fight the same guy over and over well boy do i have a game for you,at the start of the game it not so bad but one you get about two to three hours inyou find the same reskin enemy, But do have diffent power no that make the game toomuch fun and give you change of pace better yet let just keep spawn like ever 30sjust so we can make sure you tired of all the enemy in game by the 1st hour of the game,but wait there more you like cool spell right well you try diffent spell but you welljust use 3 spell at most and thay well all be aoe spells thanks to spawn rate of the enemys, andso to some it all up do you like borderlands 2 if you do go back and play that you get the same feelwith you guns as spell but at lest in the that game you some fun with storyline and it coop."
,Recommended,261760,11826980,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,CobraScream,"If you like being a mage, and enjoy spell crafting freedom along the lines of two worlds 2, get this game very well made.  I do recommend this game"
76561197999773675,Recommended,261760,11011891,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dead Foul Grin,"""How can you say no to a game about wizards?"" you might ask, and to that i would reply, ""YOU CAN'T!!!"" basically this game is everything i could want in a game which is, magic, zombies, and fun!!! though i was hoping for a free roam game but this works fine as well, my favorite tactic so far is to spam blink and corruption, which just seems to desimate enemies! (pardon the spelling if i got that wrong)as for the things i dont like:not freeroam (only a small complaint because i want all games to be freeroam)i do not feel like an over powered badass (once again only small because i like to be an overpowered badass in all games)and thats about it for complaints!"
76561198072092624,Recommended,261760,23739271,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ForTheEmperor!,"Pretty good for what it is; and to differ with many players, I liked the story pretty well. Primarily because the townspeople have been drained of will and vigour with looming shadows overhead, it seems like an obscure metaphor for life at this time in history.But I may be looking way into that.If you are able to enjoy it as is, that's awesome- but I felt the lack of a loot system (robes/armour, weapons, a ♥♥♥♥ing magic ring even) makes advancement feel somewhat lacking. A short cast of monsters to battle with, and usually the same approach can be used again and again.. so unless you choose to change things up, fights can pretty much stay the same if you like. Also, the lack of even a slight open world feeling would have been beneficial, something I think Borderlands and games like it got just right.Crafting is not quick to understand imo, and I spent 24 minutes watching a video on YouTube before I was able to feel moderately comfortable.This game looks good, and generally feels good to play; but I think it's just missing a few things, and lost my attention quickly. Nothing glaringly ""wrong"" with it, though. Give it a try if you're into this sort of thing."
76561198294192542,Recommended,261760,33755749,Posted: 23 July,all,erislover,"Very fun loot and shoot style game. It reminds me a bit of Too Human, where basically the whole game was training for endgame play—which most people didn't get to because they didn't appreciate the learning curve. Which, given a lot of reviews, sounds like how a lot of people took this Lichdom, which is really unfortunate because endgame play is extremely rewarding. It's a bit like single player Borderlands, except the loot is good, and the crafting system is good, and there's no stupid raid bosses. So precisely like Borderlands, except good. Just be prepared to put in some time in the beginning because late-game is much, much different from early-game.Gameplay System Explanation:First, you have a shield. There are three shield types, which take two of three abilities: quick blink (like an instant dodge), charged blink (where you blink, but set off a nova—see below), and galvanized block (which is like a perfect block/parry that triggers a nova). So the ""Agile"" type of shield has unlimited quick blink, and has charged blink, but only has a block and not a galvanized block; the ""Tactical"" type of shield has a longer window for galvanized block and has charged blink but no quick blink; and the ""Strategic"" type of shield has a smaller window for galvanized block and limited quick blinks in a period of time (maybe 6 seconds? It sounds like a lot but you have to pace it if you use this shield).As for magic: you have at one time three ""sigils"" which are like the elemental of the spell: fire, ice, lightning, necromancy, delirium, kinesis, and phase. Then you have three basic attacks: targeted (e.g. a missile), area of effect attacks, and novas (which are like reaction AOE around the player character). These can then be ""attuned"" to different alignments: destruction, mastery, and control. Destruction is mostly to do damage, control is mostly to imbue status effects, and mastery is mostly to debuff enemies. But it is a little more subtle than that since each sigil behaves very differently.Finally, when attacking there are normal hits, critical hits, and your critical hits can critical hit which is called ""apocalyptic"" (technically, though, it's a separate statistics to crit than it is to crit your crit). When you hit an enemy with an apocalyptic spell they're tagged for a short period of time, and you kill the enemy to redeem the tag. This gives you a sigil power. For instance, with kinesis you throw up a force wall which blocks all projectiles (and actually all of them, including any friendly forces you have like undead or delirium-controlled pets) except your own magic. Lighting gives you five charges of instant-hit lightning, and delirium makes you invisible for five spell casts.It sounds relatively simple but working out how these interact is a lot of fun. For instance, delirium ""destruction"" doesn't do direct damage; instead, enemy damage against you is decreased, and when they hit you (whether you're blocking or not) instead they damage themselves. Meanwhile, delirium ""control"" turns an enemy to your side, and delierium ""mastery"" makes the other enemies attack the enemy you turned with ""control."" Kinesis can give knockback (destruction), levitate (control), or put in stasis (mastery). Lightning control can chain to nearby enemies who walk within range of a shocked enemy, which is as amazing as it sounds, but after the effect wears off the enemies you didn't kill are given temporarily extra speed and immunity to lightning.So a lot of respect is paid to the different sigils and how it makes sense for them to operate. The problem is it's not until later in the game that all these effects become very significant, since the loot levels determine their efficacy, and loot doesn't really start being great until around level 7 or so. But when you can use a high-level kinesis spell to hold a guy floating for 60 seconds, or rooted in place for as much, it really feels like you're a supermage in complete control of the battlefield.Gameplay Explanation:Levels consist of linear paths with small dead end offshoots or loopbacks with extra loot. So you're traveling a path from setpiece battle to setpiece battle of varying size and difficulty. Most areas are extremely well-designed and feel organic but still give cover to you and your enemies.There are three basic types of enemies: human, undead, and demons. Of these, they roughly correspond to physical attackers, ranged attackers, and magic users which are a bit of both. It keeps the battles very fresh. Additionally, there are several tiers of enemies, such as those that are surrounded by a damage field, ""godlike"" enemies which give invincibility to any enemies near them, enemies that can slow you and disable blinking, they can freeze you or knock you down, etc. Overall though the enemy types are a little limited the variety is quite large and there are some extremely difficult battles, such as one where two undead flying guys spawn way the in back of the area and continuously spawn undead mobs while archers are pegging you.Problems:The environments are very rich, and yet sometimes quite confusing the first time you go through because the theme of each level results in a lot of similar-looking areas. This wouldn't be so bad in itself, you just learn the level, but there are always drop points where backtracking is impossible, so if you want to explore it means either using the ""show me the way"" feature (and always ignore it) or replaying the level several times to feel like you've mastered it.Later levels are very long, which is a bit of a mixed bag. When you want to play for a while it's awesome to run several levels, but it doesn't lend itself to just dropping down and blasting spells for 30 minutes until you've beaten the game and have access to some post-game skirmishes.Early loot is not very good and if you're not great at first person games you may have to re-run levels to get enough loot to upgrade. The augments (destruction, control, and mastery) are alright but there are so many choices for your spell types that your inventory gets filled with things you'll probably never use. Consider that there are loot levels (like 1, 2, 3... which corresponds to the level you're on until you beat the game), there are loot tiers like white, green, blue, purple, orange, and red, then there are multiple ""shapes"" for each attack type. So you'll have missiles, lobs, and rays for targeted attacks; areas, traps, and pools for AOE attacks; and novas and shields. Since you can only hold 250 pieces of loot like this for crafting you end up with a lot of stalled whites, greens, and blues waiting for random drops to upgrade. An automatic replacement system would have made this a lot better since you end up fighting a battle, then stopping to fiddle with loot, then move to the next, etc. It breaks the flow.There are a few bugs I've found in my 100 hours so far. For instance, sometimes an enemy gets transfered a godlike shield pernamently and can't be killed unless there happens to be a godlike enemy you can bring them to then kill the godlike to remove the shield. When you control an enemy through delirium they can also get a shield which I've had never go away and this made the enemy invincible. Sometimes control necromancy seems to result in a delirium-controlled opponent even if you didn't use delirium. Also, I'm not sure if it is a bug or a feature, but using delirium can in some instances grant you perfect invisibility (even against bosses) for 5 spell-casts... except if you use the ""trap"" shape, it never counts against these, so you can literally go through the whole level invisible if you have the right trap spells ready.Summary: a solid 8/10 game if the style suits you. The magic system is very tight and mostly well-balanced to provide a lot of exploratory gameplay. You won't feel like the most powerful mage at first but eventully it pays off and it pays off big."
76561198056722608,Not Recommended,261760,30232854,Posted: 27 February,all,Aseron,"This is a innovative game that is only held back by the fact that it gives you a sense of what it would be like to have ADHD in the sense that it never lets you sit still.The magic system is extensive, lets you create a matrix of different elements, ranges, effects, etc.  But at the same time, you can't really enjoy it.For me, at least, when I have access to such an extensive set of possible abilities, I would like to sit down somewhere safe and just experament for a few hours.In this game, there is no home base.  No safe haven.  Nowhere to rest your virtual head and just enjoy what the devs have done.It is a great game for people who want to engage in exotic or bizzare or just strange enemies to the exclusion of all other things.But me, I can only take so much of continuous fighting before I want to focus purely on building something instead.  This game has no place for that, so I am afraid I cannot reccomend it for the vast majority of casual players out there."
76561198076542399,Not Recommended,261760,29820155,Posted: 10 February,all,ASpitefulRose,"Describing why this is a ""do not recommend"" is largely a matter of person taste, so keep that in mind. But I'll try to leave things at comments that anyone would fine helpful. I got the game quite some time ago and tried to get into it, but simply couldn't muster a whole lot of enthusiasm for it. I didn't get very far and simply quit at the time because I had so many other recently bought games that were... better. Today, I decided I'd go back and give Lichdom another try. Again, I am having difficulty liking this game and, out of frustration, have decided to write a review because now I know it's not a flaky feeling.Good things:1. Graphics. Almost everything about the game's visuals are pretty much top notch. The textures and other assets are good enough to rival mid-tier Skyrim graphics overhauls. The partical effects are satisfying. Just about the only bad thing about the game's visuals are that some animations don't look organic at all (such as watching your shadow run: it looks like a stick figure or stiff robot).2. Sound: absolutely no complaints here. The background music is subtle yet enticing. The effects are meaty and satisfying. Etc.3. Performance: With every setting on max, you'll have a constant 60 FPS (if you framelock/use Vsync like I do) with almost no stuttering, so long as you're not playing it on a potatoe.4. Tutorials: the game does an excellent job of introducing mechanics as you go through the first mission. The only exception where the turorials fail is the crafting system, which is, frankly, an unintuitive mess that makes me wonder why it was designed that way at all. More on that later.5. Story telling: the game isn't super heavy on story. This is no Elder Scrolls or The Last of Us. You're shoehored into a fairly generic ""da bad guy iz doin' bad thingz"" plotline where you play as a hero who was chosen by a powerful, mysterious wizzard dude who gives you power to save the day. That's... that's litterally the starting primiss of the story. You'll pick up on that immediately. But the reason why this is under ""good thigns"" is two reasons: 1, the game doesn't really need an amazing story because that's not what it's trying to do; and 2, what story there is, is actually very well delivered (other than some jarring and unorganic animations).6. Continuing off of #5, the writing is pretty good. Nothing comes across as super cheesy. And the voice acting is really good. You might actually notice that the voice actors are even better than the writing itself, which I suppose is a bit of a shame considering the game isn't trying to be an enthralling story teller.Bad things:1. The combat is repetitive. Really... really... really repetitive. Lay down some gravity wells to trap enemies, spray them with necromaner juice to raise zombies, hit em with a bit firestorm. Rinse, repeat. The fact that you have entirely different spell types (i.e. using mind control instead of necromancy, lightning instead of fire, ice instead of telekenisis) does not remedy this problem. Regardless of what you decide to play as, you'll be repeating the same 3 spell types across 3 bases you rotate through over and over and over. If the combat was more fluid or faster paced or... something... this wouldn't be a problem. But put  ~5 hours into this and you'll start to notice the repetition because combat and traveling is all you're doing.2. The spell variety is an illusion. There isn't really that much of a worthy difference between how different spell modifications work. Yes, there are noteworthy and obvious differences, by they fundamentally are interchangable. It's more a matter of what you find most convenient to use.3. Going off of #1 and 2, the crafting system is downplayed. I've already mentioned that it isn't very intuitive. There's actually a ""smart inventory"" mode because of how unnecassarily complicated it is. There are some great aspects to it, such as the spell crafting menu. The way you actually make and modify a spell is really cool. But other things, such as upgrading individual items, leaves me wondering why it was designed the way it was. I actually ended up using the ""smart inventory"" to just auto-upgrade individual items and then switch to the advanced menu to craft the spells.4. Defense is frustrating. Your shield blocks a good portion of damage taken, yes. And if you time it right, you cause a nova and take no damage at all, yes. But, referring back to my complaint about animations... good luck telling when you should block to trigger said nova. A lot of enemies (most, actually) have animations that are too long, too misleading, etc.  You might see an enemy in melee range start to swing at you and so you reactively throw up that shield only to watch as their attack animation takes well over a second or more to get to the ""hit"" portion. The end result, of course, is that you don't trigger a nova and instead only block a portion of the damage. This is especially annoying against bosses (god help you) and groups of enemies all chasing you.5. Combat in general is slow. A lot of times, enemies will attack you, then stare at you for several seconds, then go back to trying to hit you. Other than being immersion breaking, it would make the game way too easy if it wasn't for the fact that there are times when you get swarmed and, if not for that unrealistic pause in action, you'd be dead very quickly. In addition to this, actually using spells just... doesn't feel good. The spells feel clunky to charge up and cast, even casting without charging, and upgrading and modifying spells to charge or cast faster doesn't entirely eliminate this problem. If you're used to playing some game like Skyrim where playing as a mage is slick and smooth, you'll find this very, very jarring.Hopefully others will find this helpful. Perhaps some of these issues I have are remedied later in the game, such as getting better upgrades, but even if that's true... Litchdom: Battlemage just isn't doing a good job of holding my interest. I dare say that Skyrim with a few nice magic system modifications (that you can get for free btw) provides you with a better mage-roleplaying experience than this game does. That's really disappointing for me because this game's design has so much potential, but the end product simply isn't entertaining me."
,Recommended,261760,13732776,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Baub,"This game has its weak points, but it really has it's strong points. I've been sick of all the dumbing down games have been doing over the last 10 years. This game brings back that need to think on your toes (fingers).  This game has made a very small list of games that I have, that don't hand you over powered in the early stages of the game, and expect you to grind through the next few hours, or days just destroying your enimies without thought. Now, I did say it has it's weak points and there is still grinding, and the story imho is meh, but the rewards you recieve from the gameplay style such as satisfaction and or excitment far out weight the negitives. That first boss I tried to beat without trying and got may @$$ handed to me really p!ssed me off, but I adapted and killed him. I've found that this game has alot of simple guys (hence the grinding), but it also has a good deal of variety in the bosses and they throw in mini bosses here and there to keep to on your toes (fingers). Overall this game is about 4 out 5, but could become so much more in future games."
76561198093140279,Recommended,261760,12059049,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Xera,"Imagine Bioshock redone with Crysis 3 graphics or Diablo 2 first person but instead of collecting armor and weapons you collect materials to make spells.  There is no warrior, barbarian, demonhunter, or rogue class etc.  In Lichdom it's all about being the mage and a battlemage at that.  I have a good pc and this is the first game I got that I can't play on the highest settings - well actually I can run it on highest it's just hard to control at 20-30fps so medium is for me!  At medium settings the game looks spectacular with so many special effects and the realism so good obviously with the great graphics.  Even at low settings the game will look amazing and is better looking than other games on their highest settings because of the engine.  As the game progresses you will become stronger and stronger as you craft more powerful spells and unlock additional sigils (elements) of magic.  There are places to explore and you can revisit areas but remember this is a dungeon game not an open world sandbox  (although it looks so impressive you will see it as a world) so it differs from the other games in that sense."
76561198077112132,Recommended,261760,27152503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Friendly Jim,"Pros:+ Interesting and versatile spell crafting system.+ Interesting spell variations.+ Interesting and varied schools of magic.+ Decent story.+ Well written dialogue (completely different for entire game depending on player gender).+ Combat is shiny and has nice feel to it.+ Good graphics.+ Good level design.Cons:- Combat/levels can get repetitive.- Game is quite easy (I played through it once on normal or easy, I forget, and it was extremely easy, with the final boss being killed in about three casts. I am currently playing on the hardest difficulty, and I can't really detect much of a noticable difference, although it has been while since I first did it, so my memory of details is hazy).- Although this isn't really a pro or a con, I'll put it here as it did get a little boring: levels are very long. I mean VERY long. There are (I think, if my memory serves) four areas in the entire game (excluding tutorial). The levels are quite varied though, so it wasn't that much of a biggie. Just thought I'd mention it.- Game is relatively short on the whole.Summary:Sorry guys I'm tired bye."
,Recommended,261760,32309416,Posted: 9 June,all,<TVB>Ian_Suffix,"This game practically gave me a brain aneurysm when I first played it, but in the end, I can see what makes it good: against overwhelming odds, the right spells in the right place will save you from near death, over and over again. It can be pretty exhilarating when it works.Still, it takes a saintly heart to forgive a game which surrounds you with those freaking crossbow undead while trying to control enemies with shield-draining debuff-applying attacks. I can't recommend this game to anyone with short tempers. Heck, I wouldn't have even recommended this game to myself, had I known what I was in for.The game supplies you with a liberal amount of random spells and augments of various ""rarities"", but doesn't explain how you can make those spells work for you. Here are some bullet tips:- YOU MUST USE MASTERY SPELLS before doing anything else. Unintuitively enough, they don't do any damage, but they amplify critical hits from other attacks.- You will constantly get spells which out rank your current ones, and if you don't take the time to upgrade, you'll find those ""overwhelming odds"" I mentioned a source of great pain.- ""Unique"" spells, which can supply ""Synergy"" attacks, are vital for survival on later levels and New Game Plus challenges.A bit more on Unique spells: it's not very easy to get said Unique spells unless you're grinding on past chapters for garbage low level spells to use in upgrading.My favorite combination is Mastery-attuned Kinesis (Ray / Area) and Destruction-attuned Fire (Lob / Area). Ray attacks don't do much damage, but they can be used to halt an enemy immediately, and Lob is hard to aim, but easier to hit with than Missiles."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,261760,14730651,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONkUCN99Vt0&list=PLTj9drPC92M2iXZVy0bCpf02SUE8zLaKGLichdom Battlemage is a first person RPG action game that centers aroundyou becoming an epic battlemage with limitless powers and spells at your fingertips.Looking at this game objectively, the graphics are decent, and the music does agreat job of conveying the atmosphere.The story is very simplistic and disconnected;  your character, a shopkeeper whichhas a sister who is captured and taken into slavery.  Instead of trying to saveyour sister, you are being used as a tool by an experienced, older mage, toget revenge on the one who captured your sister.  You are playing as a 'battle-mage'who has had no training in magic, but instead is using magical bracelets thatchannel power from a true mage.  Huh?The interface is minimalistic, which means what you are able to do islimited.  The game is centered around 'spell combinations', but that is not atrue representation of what is used. You can upgrade abilities, which makes thema bit stronger, but the true power comes from crafting ""spells"", andaugmenting them with runes that you farm during gameplay.  You have to farm, andfarm, and farm for these runes in order to really get a spell that is worthwhile, andeven then you may not find the runes you want or need to make the spell augmentation you desire. To make it even worse, the game does a bad job of explaining the interface;  I had to spend time reading up and watching videos from outside sources in order tounderstand the capabilities of the complicated crafting system.Tactically, the game is basic.  Very basic.  You face the same enemiesover and over again, and once you develop a strategy, you pretty much just rinseand repeat with every enemy encounter.  The lack of intelligence in the AI makesit so easy to destroy.  The bosses ad a bit more difficulty, but even they canbe defeated  in a straightforward manner once you have the correct spell combination.The game tries to make the game unique by adding minor nuances, but itdoesn't change the experience of the game.  You are still using the same power,and inflicting the same damage.  Unfortunately, this combined with limitingthe number of spells you can use hurts the game more than adds to it.  You facethe same enemies that have no tactical abilities over and over again, andthen relentlessly farm, making the game repetitive and boring.  This is not agame I can recommend.This is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watchif you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561197974463258,Recommended,261760,13229434,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Prowlinger,"First off, let me say that Lichdom is amazing! If you love wizards, magic, or just want experience what it would feel like to be one... this IS THE ultimate spell caster simulator. On top of that... the game is very well polished, looks and plays amazing and is very fun. As you can see there is a ton of negative comments and feedback but these neighsayers have not looked deep enough into the game to realize this is NOT Call of Duty... or your typical FPS.Lichdom is a RPG spell caster simulator.  You are gifted with the power of magic and learn how to craft and wield it to work toward your goal. There are no vast inventories of items like armor and weapons... you are a mage... you collect Sigils... and that is all.  Consider sigils the magical essence of a soul that only you (a wizard/sorceress) can harvest. That is your currency... that is your lifeblood...  Learn to get them, learn  how to use them, learn how to craft and make them better. You take a simple lightning bolt and make it into a lightning ball ... you can take that and make it an area effect explosion trap... then  you could add in chain lighting. Seriously, once you learn how the sigil system works... it will click and you will see that this is a really deep crafting game to your design.The enemies so far have been challenging and every new area surprises me with something new and deadly each time. The graphics are top notch and very well done... down to the back grounds that go on for miles and miles.The game is mostly linear but having a world open sandbox might be too much initially. Regardless, I love it.Now, it can get some what overwhelming to learn the sigil system... an Idiot's Guide to Sigils would help as would a Mage Mastery Spellbook (hopefully these will come out in the future).So far the environments have been beautiful and deadly to traverse... and I just made it to the 3rd area... and can't wait to see more!I notice the team is very quick to put out fixes/patches and add new items for the game owners...  I respect that.Just to have the ability to create any type of spell you want to use in your arsenal over time... and blast through levels and have fun doing it... mastering the game itself is just as fun!Boss monsters?  Oh yeah... they are tough and they can be tricky!  Some thought and uniqueness has been designed with them also...  Kudos!You can even craft new spells and go back in previous trodden areas and test it out (and get loot while you do it)...Sure it could play like Call of Duty or Skyrim but the main focus is you are a mage... you cast spells and you design your own spells.  No inns, no taverns, no swords or bows you can get... no chainmail or leather armor you can don...  You are your own weapon...  you have a mission... DO IT!   :)"
,Not Recommended,261760,20980755,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gmork,The performance of this game is horrible.
,Recommended,261760,11367433,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LuminosXI,"If this is the only part of my review you read then I'll make it comprehensive:Crafting that is intelligent, encounters that make you adapt, graphics that are stellar, and customization that is close to bar none.Now, on to the details.I was skeptical at first, reading the reviews, all were positive except one. While this game is not for everyone, the same can be said of any game. Lichdom however, does manage to capture and improve upon many elements of well known and liked AAA titles (Skyrim/Morrowind, Dark Messiah, Diablo to name a few) in a polish that is almost non-existent in the early access phase of development/release.A word on the magic, as it is the sole focus of the game. You DO feel as if you have a multitude of options at your disposal while at the same time not being overpowered or underpowered. There are 3 primary banks (slots) that you start with: targeted - a not quite homing/not quite free fire charged spell, AOE....should speak for itself, and barrier....again should speak for itself. Where Xaviant have diverged from typical gameplay is in the way you customize these banks and create new spells through the crafting and synthesis system.This bring me to my next point, the crafting. When done well can be a great experience in making the way you play the game unique to you and offering you freedom to explore that uniqueness. When done terribly...Diablo III, looking at you, it can be a lesson on tedium and pointlessness for the sake of artificial longevity. Again, Xaviant have succeeded in using what is considered established procedure but, redefining how it is done. There are NO tables, benches, tools, etc. etc. required to craft/synthesize/equip/reforge...it's just a menu. This means that you can change how you play when you like (I chose not to say ""when you want"" there because combat does not stop simply because you are in a menu) depending on what available resources you have.I'll define resources so there is no confusion, this is not Skyrim or Diablo, (dont mean to pick on these titles, they just stick out in my mind as crafting that could've been so much more) the resources you collect are in the form of orbs. The orbs are RNG based (random number generated) and can be either a new type of spell form, e.g. a ray/laser instead of the targeted type of primary attack, or ones that increase a certain type of damage, duration of effects, type of effects, form of damage dealt, method of damage dealt....there is TRUE customization here. While you spend these resources on crafting new spells, the game does something interesting. It doesn't penalize you, in the conventional sense, for wanting to explore different options. You can reforge a currently crafted spell and choose to either store the ""points"" towards a legendary item, or choose specifically which component out of the current spell you have selected you want to keep and use for another idea.All this being said, the game does have room for improvement. I have a...I guess...beastly rig and with everything turned all the way up, there were sections that I was getting 30fps. I believe this is due to TressFX (tesselation of hair if you're into that thing) and is mentioned in the patch notes provided, so I wasnt upset or disappointed when my frames chugged while having this enabled. The only other thing I can nitpick about is, and this may just be in my case, there are no facial animations for dialogue. Again, may just be me.All in all, if you're considering supporting this developer, thought the game looked good, liked the premise/concept, are looking to play a fun loot grind (which its not solely about I should add), enjoy crafting with actual customization, are a fan of Dark Messiah combat and Skyrim FPS magic....then don't fret over the ""early access"" status of Lichdom, it's well on its way to being a worthwhile AAA title."
,Recommended,261760,11849324,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,The FreyMan [XC / CoX]✅,"Endless casting... crafting your own synergy spells....and watching this amazing game develop from it's roots?I'd buy that for a dollar!Lichdom: Battlemage currently sports 6 sigils (base patterns to craft spells on), damn near infinite number of augments (stuff that adds additional effects / bonuses) as well as some absolutely gorgeous locations. The combat system is developing nicely, and already I've seen dramatic improvements in the AI engine - which also silo's a tiny sliver of fear inside my soul as to how the AI will perform when the game is out of Beta.If you've ever wanted to run around in a beautiful fantasy environment throwing spells to no end, Lichdom: Battlemage is your cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,261760,17411198,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Klkan,Sooo tedious...soo boring....take a corridor shooter and replace guns with magic....at least it looks pretty....but soo boring...this game is basically a line with stuff to shoot on it...avoid.
76561197987133263,Not Recommended,261760,12376684,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,lizrdfishr,"This game is boring.The plot is rudimentary at best. Gameplay is awkward and the controls are incomprehensible.Instructions and tutoring is minimal so you learn what works early on and repeat it until you are bored.After 4 or 5 hours of cumbersome gameplay having little or no plot to keep your interest you ask youself, 'why?' and move on to something that makes more sense and is more fun.A few weeks ago, this was rating 79 on metacritic, today it is 68. The game is beautiful and gets high marks eary on. But as you progress into a game it takes more then pretty pictures to keep you playing. This has nothing behind the graphics so as you progress it just gets confusing, anti-climactic, repetetive and boring. Watch for the numbers to continue to drop on this 'game'. By the end of the year it will be rating in the 50s and the price will be < $20 USD.It still won't be worth your money."
76561197961114667,Not Recommended,261760,12274330,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ShiverStorm,"In my opinion the second boss is impossible to defeat, if you like a game where trash mobs are too easy to kill and bosses are impossible to defeat unless you get very lucky, then you found your game, for me i will never play this crappy game again.."
,Recommended,261760,11565789,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,biochemist_phd1,Fun Game! I wish the crafting wasnt random and there was A vendor.
,Not Recommended,261760,13133256,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,EvilMrMe,"About five hours into it I quit. Frankly about 3 hours in it becomes way too repetitive. There are not enough variation of spells after it kinda just meshes into 3 different types and thats it,"
,Not Recommended,261760,12512271,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Valorn,"While this is going to be a mostly negative review, I will say this: I did enjoy the spells and spell crafting system. It was interesting to see what you could do with various mixes of the spell components. However, the statement of ""Thousands of spells possibilities!"" is misleading. It is really the same spells with different modifiers time and time again. You choose your element (Fire, Ice, Lightning, ect.), then you choose the shape (Missle, Ray, Trap, Burst, ect.), then you chose whether to make it a damage spell, a status-effect debuff spell, or a stacking debuff spell that does extra damage when set off. Changing the element only really effects the status-effect that is inflicted, with little other effect.Spells aside, the rest of the game just feels... flat; as if the developers put so much work into the spell system that there wasn't much drive left for anything else. The level design is very linear, with a few side sections every now and then which eventually turn to dead ends. You'll find yourself doing about three minutes of walking between each battle, with little to do but take in the scenery.When you do find a fight, the battles are simple and predictable. You have melee types who run up and smack you, long-range types who rapid fire weak attacks and floating enemies that have AoE freezing attacks. Once you kill them, it's time to start walking again until you reach the next fight.All in all, the game did not live up to any of the expectations I had for it gameplaywise."
76561198052051437,Not Recommended,261760,12203026,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,PaulGR,"Play the first game where the Mage is NOT a total badass...I have to admit, at first I thought,""A first-person, badass-mage-with-endless-mana RPG? Whoah!""So I bought it...And I am stillregretting it...TL;DR? Just buy Skyrim with half price and x10 more content and play a Mage.There areMANY deceptions about this gameand I want to make them clear now, so you can at least save your money for something that's worth it, unlike me.1.Open World? Nope. It is just a linear game, following the same fixed, linear route, without being able to interact with anything in the environment and groups of 3-4 enemies popping up from the ground at certain points to get you - will get to that in a sec. (No.5)Also, I've barely played for 3 hours and I CAN CONFIDENTLY SAY that the game is repetitive as hell - you simply do the same thing over and over again: Move in small linear corridor > enemies magically pop-up from the ground > move backwards while shooting the same freakin' spell at them > REPEAT.2.Badass mage? Nope.You are basically a weakling who spams weak magic spells. You would expect badass explosions with spells and blowing enemy heads with your non-stop magic - Nope, nope, and nope.All you can do is wield one spell in one hand and an annoying shield at the other which is only needed to block some ranged arrow attacks that are so lame that you can simply walk to avoid the arrow while it is coming at you. There is also a small radius AOE attack if you hold both Mouse Buttons but I rarely used it since it is weird to hit.In addition, the one spell you can actually wield has a strange casting bug (I hope it's a bug.)When you hold it down for a power attack, the spell charges, and upon releasing the mouse button to launch the Fireball like you would do in any other casting game, it takes an extra 2 seconds to actually shoot it, creating huge confusion on whether the spell was cast, failed to cast, or bugged out.Something like: *Holds RMB* > 2 seconds to charge in hand > *Release RMB to throw spell* > wait another awkward 1-2 seconds with no hand animation > wonder if you actually held RMB long enough for it to charge properly > *hand makes the animation of shooting while the Fireball is still not fired* > *suddenly sees Fireball being thrown, after 2 sec of delay*3.Difficulty? Nope. Even on high difficulties which can be rather challenging, but due to the game 'cheating' on you, all you do is move backwards and spam RMB to shoot your magic (I repeat, it's confusing to hold it down for a Power Attack since it is apparently bugged). And who needs to aim? You don't even have to aim. There is not even a crosshair in the middle of the screen to aim. All you do is cast and shoot, apparently Fireballs automatically find their target, even if he is 100 yards away.4.""Awesome"" Crafting Spells system?!?!?! NOPE.There is no precise tutorial and no logic behind spell crafting.Somehow, dead enemies drop a magical sphere/rune like thingy that, want it or not, just follows you and you collect it. That thingy is used to craft spells. Good luck figuring out how. A big menu pops up which I had to google it to find out how to bring it up (thank god for the in-game tutorial!) A list emerges before you with runes that you have no idea what they do, you pick one, then you pick another without even knowing what it does or what the term ""mastery"" refers to since the game doesn't explain that properly, then you pick ANOTHER extra rune and craft the spell.I crafted ONE spell out of luck, without knowing what it does.I equip the newly made spell which just replaced the default Fireball. Apparently my spell was a beam-like spell that you hold down and hits the target. Fun part: the spell did NO damage at all.(Then I had to figure out how to re-equip the default Fireball cause I couldn't kill a damn enemy with it.)And I am thinking: even if the spell simply added a buff for extra fire dmg on the target that someone mentioned (after all, I made the spell out of luck) even then, how are you supposed to take advantage of it since you have to unequip it and then RE-EQUIP the Fireball from the menu, which requires a game pause to happen, ruining the game's momentum?5.Enemies just pop from the ground andrun stupidlyat you while they are hit by your spells. Simply move backwards guys. Even the enemies with the arrows fail at hitting you. I encountered 2 mini-bosses that they too, just run after you... so you either spam Space to Blink and/or simply hold Shift to Sprint and outrun them. Hardcore mechanics...6.You can choose between the male or femalestorymode that has no difference in spells, just the story. Which is also - at least for me - poorly developed, with pictures for the cinematics that pop up once or twice in your playthrough.""Sister is taken by evil bad-guy with mustache and beard (AND a bodyguard), then a crazy MFer gives you spell powers so that you can take revenge"" (Female storyline, I believe there is no need to mention the male one.)7.The environment is literally DEAD.All you can interact with in the environment are some weird pillars that show you a weird ghost-story that you cansimply ignore since you have no time for such BS... you signed up for an all-action, badass mage game after all, didn't you?+ Some orbs in awkward places that restore some of your health.Sorry for the sloppy review, but I am still sobbing for my 36.99... plus, I wanted to give you all the details of my experience. The list could go on but I think that everything else is just adding to the inevitable - AVOID THIS GAME.EDITdue to recent patch: They added tutorials, FINALLY, but this is something they should have done from the beggining. My recommendation will STILL remain negative and I am making this a 3,5/10 from 2,5/10.Score: ~3,5/10I do NOT recommend this"
,Recommended,261760,12545804,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,pwrfulwizrd,"An amazing and beautiful game with interesting mechanics, really satisfying combat and cool level design.Though Lichdom is pretty linear and straightforward in terms of level progression, the gameplay itself delivers enough thrills to keep playing after the story is finished, just to try new ways to blow stuff up or for the fun of it."
76561198020182421,Not Recommended,261760,21041035,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Iaro Delta,"The trailer for this game really hyped it up for me. I bought it for 4$ on a sale and that's about how much the game is worth in my opinion, certainly not $40. After fighting the first boss and moving on to the next area, I was hoping to encounter new and exciting types of enemies to unleash magical destruction upon, but I still fought basic melee enemies, archers, and the occasional spellcaster who would freeze me. The game does look really pretty though, and the crafting system is neat, but it isn't enough for me to continue spending time on this game."
76561198106272670,Recommended,261760,12125397,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,SupaJustified,"The game was great until the Archbishop cutscene crash.  I read there's a hotfix but have no clue how to use the Steam client to update the game.  Is this automatic?The spell crafting is neat and new, the battles have me on the edge of my seat, but can be frustrating when your 3 levels of shield are gone in an instant.People rave about the graphics, but I've seen better-doesn't stop me from enjoying the game.  FPS fans should try this one out!"
,Recommended,261760,27580019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Braddicus,"This game is awesome...magic...spellcrafting...dismemberment...but I will say it was a bit surprising that the synergies were just...mediocre. The voice acting is pretty decent, and the plot is good, but sometimes it feels a bit repetitive. All of that said, this is a great game to spend time on, and I think it sets up a lot of promise for there to be a great sequel."
,Recommended,261760,12031430,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Braneman,"OK this is the most important thing about Lichdom Battlemage:Crafting spells is deeper than it looks at first glance, and spell schools can and will interact with eachother in ways you don't expect.Lemme give you one uber strategy that you can destroy the first boss with right off the bat, craft an ice control ray, some sort of AOE pool mastery builder, and a fire missle to crit the enemy. Drop the mastery pool, freeze the enemy in the pool and crit them with the fire spell(you always crit with spells if you charge them for a second or two, there is a visual indication) and you will annihilate the first boss. Ray spells also destroy projectiles shot by those crossbow undead so keep that in mind as well.Now lets break down how this works: Mastery is stored damage on an enemy it looks like blue fire, Ice control spells also store damage on the enemy and how much is listed in the spell description. When you crit an enemy with mastery on them you do even more damage based on the damaging spells mastery stat, a percentage number upwards of 240%. This can stack with ice's stored damage for almost double the effect, on top of the mastery.Keep in mind this is one combination of spells that I discovered on accident, all of the other schools of spells interact wtih spells in very different ways so they could change up this setup in a number of different ways. Corruption will pop out things that apply mastery, do damage or CC enemies if you leave it long enough. Lightning will arc to other enemies, Necromancy will summon  minions if you kill enemies tagged with it and you can infuse the minions with other spell schools by shooting them. Ice will store damage on enemies. Kinesis will knock them back. Fire will burn them. Delerium control will mind control your enemies pitting them against one another.Every one of the spell schools listed above(are the ones that I know how they work at the moment) interact differently depending on the type of patterns you put into them: Nova, missle, lob, ray, pool etc. and additionaly interact differently with the secondary patterns: damage, mastery and control. If you aren't getting an idea of the depth of the game yet, I'm not even done yet.On top of all this there is the shield system which is your defense, you have three health bars that regenerate as long as they aren't completely depleted. Craft better shields to get more health in these pips(as they are called ingame). On top of that you have the ability to block and to do a quick dodge, depending on which type of shield you have you can do a timed perfect block to cause a nova of damage around you and negate all damage. Or you can do a charged dodge and drop a nova where you land. And the nova changes depending on which spell school you have equipped and you can craft new ones for every spell school you have out.I hope this review helps you understand what this game is, its an arena based linear spell sandbox. And its a lot of fun if you have the patience to pay attention and press the i button to open up your inventory and expieriement. If you don't feel like expierimenting don't apply, if you don't feel like trying out the spell crafting system don't buy this game. But if you want to feel what its like to be a truly powerful mage through fairly open ended spell crafting pick it up."
,Recommended,261760,11958650,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Terrifying Tim,"Just finished the game after about 20 hours of play and I can say that I loved it.I thought the story was a bit stale at the start but began to increasingly ramp up in quality and in doing so I grew more invested and actually started caring for one or two characters.I dabbled a little bit in the game mode that is playable after thegame is completed and from what I've seen it looks promising.Spells-They are the gameWhen it comes to the spell crafting system I almost only have positive things to say about it. It is a bit rough to get into without reading about the different stats and such in the journal, which can take some time. But once you get a hang of it, it becomes very enjoyable. You truly feel a sense of achievment when you create a spell that is really strong compared to what you used to have.I've found that mixing and trying other seals out is key to get the most out of the system. (P.S. dont be afraid to unfocus a sigil to lvl up another because once you use them they level up pretty fast)I have yet to try out any of the synergy spells (the spells ranked over legendary rarity) since I have not found any that seems useful to me, so that random part of it can have you waste three legendaries. But at the same time you will drown in legendary spells towards the end.But to conclude, my advice when it comes to the spell system is just experiment and find things out for yourself.Justified price?YesIt is well over 20+ hours of gameplay if you try to explore the entire levels and then add the hours it would take to complete the additional missions recieved after end game, plus playing the opposite gender in your second playthrough just to get some different dialogue and some small changes in story.As you progress through the game you change spells a lot. That in turn makes the gameplay feel fresh and renewed which is sorely needed after having spent a few hours seeing the same visual queues from your spells.Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,261760,34491322,Posted: 25 August,all,SenorSunday,"Difficult to understand the crafting system (makes up the combat mechanics) and turns into a repetitve grind. I found myself constantly asking ""Is this over yet?"" I just uninstalled it after letting it sit for a year."
76561197971455907,Not Recommended,261760,14118210,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Atrax,"Lichdom: Battlemage has a few things going for it, unfortunately those things were soon lost on me during the endless gauntlets that every level is constructed by, containing a seemingly limitless amount of small groups of enemies of which there are way to few variants of.The story starts of fairly well but takes a turn for the generic and never returns to being interesting. There's a few side-characters that serve no purpose at all which ends up being highly irritating after seeing them a few times. All in all it's unfortunately pretty bad.I got the game based on it being very numerical and construction heavy RPG. Being a huge fan of Pathfinder and D&D based RPGs I figured I'd be able to delve in and create varied and extremely potent mages to combat the games challenges. Unfortunately the only numbers involved are in a poorly explained crafting system that in its most basic function allows you to create three types of spells which can be delivered in a few different ways. Had it only been difficult to create optimal spells I would most likely have enjoyed delving into the system and made good use of the mechanics, few though they were but the components you collect get better as the levels go by and thoughtful crafting felt pointless as later components blows your builds out of the water anyway.The levels are pure gauntlets with a few hidden arena-type areas in which you can battle some extra minions to get even more spell-components. You'll be fighting the same enemies over and over and over, and did I mention over again only to end up at a boss-fight that's more likely then not only a slightly harder fight then everything else you've encountered so far. The hardest fights I had during the entire game was when one of the rare mobs mid-lvl randomed a few abilities that made them absolutely dreadful to deal with, mostly because you're more of a glass-cannon then a fighter and when something heavier actually hits you it hurts. These rare-mobs were few and far between and when encountered easily defeated with some wall-ducking (provided you understood their threat-lvl in time).In the end I never tested all the elements the game provided because I had found the triple set that worked well for me, and the resources and time invested in them deterred me from deviating from them. The last few levels I gave up and just ran past everything I didn't need to kill because it felt completely pointless and at least the amount of enemies at my back made getting though locked doors slightly more interesting.I'm not sure for whom this game would be interesting, but it's not something I'd recommend without clear disclaimers."
,Recommended,261760,11895658,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Match Vacuums,"So I got this game when it was back in pre-alpha (i think) when it was 20-30 dollars, and i can confidently say that it has turned out to be a fantastic game with extremly delightful graphics to help with exploding enemies with fireballs and such. I can say that it was worth the amount i got it for, however now that it is up to 40 dollars I only recommend this to people who absalutely adore mages and have a decent income of money. So if you do have the money and the love for mages I do say that you MUST have this game, it is 'Brilliant'. P.S. the crafting system will make sense sooner or later and when it does...the power is yours! XD"
,Not Recommended,261760,33017389,Posted: 29 June,all,John,"Most repetative game I've ever played.I gave it a good 27 hrs of gameplay before I finally got the point where it was just too tedious to go on. While the initial gameplay, magic, and crafting seems promising at first, the shock wears off and you're left walking the same endless hallways that have different textures from time to time and fighting the same sometimes seemingly endless barage of enemies.No puzzles, no real interactions with anything, only the most basic and superficial of storylines. It's just monotonous trekking and shooting magic at things."
,Recommended,261760,29170438,Posted: 10 January,all,dEAdOnE77,"The Art of the leveldesign is so gorgeous and the fact that the level are huge, i mean gigantic, makes the detail put everywhere even more impressive. These gigantic levels are filled with checkpoints where you save and respawn and everytime you didnt die and come along the next checkpoint a socalled raritybooster goes up, so all the loot will be better, which makes you want to play as much as possible in onego. But still the actual gameplay is repetitive, becauze you walk around with only 3 spells equiped and always cast them in a combo, 1,2,3...or 3,2,1. for each and every enemie in the game.Thats a little strange becauze the upgradesystem of the spells itself are realy impressive. When you upgrade a spell und have to compare like 10 weird %-based multiplier against eachother."
76561198020060365,Not Recommended,261760,14722033,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dental Plan,"Many very smart and eloquent people have already brought up the things that make Lichdom a bad game- misleading blurb, repetitive gameplay, clunky crafting, laughable story.  I won't bring all that up again.I WILL, however, say that if you want to make a game about a ""badass, unstoppable mage"", make a game along the lines of Dynasty Warriors.  Hordes of simple little mortals swarming the field, and there's you throwing fire and lightning like an angsty teenager with a flamethrower and a Tesla Coil.Somebody give that a think."
,Recommended,261760,11292965,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,SleepParalysis,"Hmmm, hmmm where to begin.At first i was extremely sceptical. Into the tutorial already I've encountered bugs - some of them were pretty funny tbh -, voiceacting was not super awesome, quite boring story... but it was one thing for sure: eyegasm.beautiful scenary, even tho the begining made me yawn for 10 minutes straight. But when the real combat started, oh yeah... I wanted a real mage-based game for a long time. The hack and slash of fire, ice, lightning and whatelse you want. Really enjoy the game so far even when i die 10 times in a row at the same spot. :)Whoever out there likes playing a mage, i recon this game is worth it... but whoever wants an RPG, then just flip the page and go to the next one."
76561198009068740,Recommended,261760,11905112,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Stannis the Mannis,"If you were to mix Crysis with Magicka this game would probably be the love child. Which is to say that it is an FPS (First Person Spellcaster) wherein you craft spells and unleash them onto your foes. No mana and no cooldown. The only limiting factor is your preferred strategy; AOE spells take roughly 2 seconds to charge, longer to fully charge (for max damage), while 'targeted' spells are relatively quick to full charge but come with the dilemma of what style of spell to choose (Ray, Lob and Missile). There are Nova spells which are activated either through precise blocking or by charging up a short range blink spell.These make up your basic types of spells, then you attached a 'flavour' (sigil) which is an element type that does different things depending on the element. After that there is a more nuanced system of damage, control and mastery.The long and the short is that the spellcrafting of this game will keep you busy for a long time. Gameplay wise it's almost a corridor shooter, but the arenas in which you fight are often sprawling and allow back tracking - much like other semi open world FPS (like Crysis). Some areas require you to fight in small rooms to open passageways and boss battles will trap you in a much smaller arena, but everything else is expansive.Which brings me to levels, each 'act' is sprawling. Easily 2-3 hours of game play per act. The game maintain a steady tempo of encounter fights which vary in size, but there are very few times in which you will be surprised by the appearance of a new group of enemies. Boss fights vary in quality; some fall prey to being kited, while others suffer pathing problems that can be exploited. The boss battle that throws you into a small arena seems somewhat unfairly balanced against the player, but given the easiness of the first few bosses seems fair.Graphics-wise the game runs on the Crysis engine so things look good, textures vary in quality, but particle effects are gorgeous. Story and voice acting is fantastic with particular care taken with the gorgeous cut scenes. If you are less interested in story the game leaves it open to you as to whether you want to read the journal entries or ignore them.This game is definitely worth your time at full price, and if it goes on sale it's an even more highly recommended buy."
76561198083079547,Recommended,261760,13085304,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DS9,"Amazing game.  The effort and imagination that was put to make this game is outstanding.  It is very unique in what you have to do, the gameplay is awesome.  I have been playing this for some time now and can easily say that it's an outstanding game, graphics are one of the best, gameplay is crazy, sounds, music background give it atmosphere.   what else do you want?  perfection? i would say that it's not perfect but then again, nothing is.  if you are a gamer and not a wanna be gamer then play this and see if you can hack it.ladies and germs, i'm old school here and I should know a thing or two.Good work to the team and I hope you come up with other unique games in the future."
76561197978025945,Not Recommended,261760,18800176,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,D0V3,"One dimensional gameplay and a baffling spell crafting system, and no manual saveing. Dont buy this!"
76561198061123055,Not Recommended,261760,14510190,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Magnumx,"A Buyers Guide to Whether or Not You Should Pickup Lichdom: BattlemageReasons To Buy:-Steam Cards: it has em, we love em-It could be on sale: Any game can be an appealing buy at a 70% off or higher, and discount prices are all anyone should be expected to pay for this-Need a way to blow a few hours and remind you how good the other games you play are: I have never appreciated the quality of other games i play more than I have after this trial.Reasons Not to Buy: *Deep Breath*-If you believed the store page's claims: The selling point ""the first game where the mage is truely badass"" should come with a huge pulsating asterisk next to it. Lichdom's protagonist would be a a badass mage, in any other fantasy game, you know, ones where you have teammates. The game gives you a nice arsenal of defensive abilites, but again, they would all be better in a game where you acted as part fo a group, as a way of fending off a lone foe the tank has yet to take control of, as it stands, if more than one enemy tries to attack you and their swings arn't exactly synced up, wave bye bye to that chunk of health, because most spells don't stun enemies out fo thier attacks and are just sad when defending against anything other than one attacker.-If you have an attention span: Dear god this game is repetative. You cast every spell with the same animations and even the more appealing looking spells get reduced to so manyy boreing lgihts once you have cast it for the 7,000th time. All the enimes are interchangeable, and all the levels are just hallways which are about as interesting to explore as the inside of a toilet paper tube.-If you like playing a mage in fantasy games: For a game world that was designed with the sole intention of being played by a mage, i am baffled by just how poorly optomised it is for that. Every single boss fight leaves me longing for a tank to take the aggro and most of the enemies spread out so far that the AOE spells are useless. You are about as squishy as the mage in any other games, expect unlike other, games like skyrim, you can't aquire any followers to compensate for the feeling that the game hates you for picking the mage class. Against other projectile users it basically becomes any other cover based fps, if you gun had crappy fire rate and no headsot potential.-If you like stories: people just talk at you every so often, it feels like every bit of interesting story is taking place without you, to the point i occasionally wonder why i am even still pressing forward. Even the inital cutscene that introduces the main chracter's motivation was so rushed and blut as to seem comical so don't expect much in the way of imersion.Bottom Line: If you see this on sale consider picking it up for steam cards, if you are interested in that sort of thing, but if not just wait until one of the Elder scrolls games goes on sale instead and just download a bunch of magic combat mods. It will be about the same but with more content and a higher concentration of fun."
76561197969624778,Recommended,261760,11996002,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Solidusice,"Verdict: wait for the sale. Good game, but not worth the full $40.Pros: game looks good and was worth the price of entry. Combat is very fun for a good 10 hours and the spell crafting is neat. Bosses are challenging and fun.Cons: Total amount of spells is less than you hope. I can count the types of enemies on 1 hand. Combat gets repetitive quickly.Lichdom Battlemage was great for the first 10 hours or so. It was fun to level up spell items and find the special challenge areas to get a load of upgrades at once. The challenge of the game steadily progressed and you continue to encounter new enemies. The combat kept changing as you keep finding new elements to play with. Each element seemed to play as damage, support, or passive. The game breaks the spell types into Destruction, Control, and Mastery. Destruction is damage, control is typically a hold with delayed damage, and mastery is a damage multiplier. I honestly never used mastery as I was able to use necromancy as a more consistent source of damage. Taking the time out of you control/damage rotation for mastery buffs that only occur on successful hits seemed pointless to me.Concerning the amount of spells you can use, it really boils down to six types of spells. Primary = missile, grenade, beam. AoE = normal AoE, DoT AoE, and a trap bomb AoE. The shield also counts as a spell and procs a nova when you counter a hit, but.... I never used it as blocking interrupts spell charging. You can proc a nova when you charge a blink, but I always used quick blinks instead of charges.Finally, I never actually finished the game. Towards the end of the game I found myself running through areas because I was tired of using the same spells on the same enemies. In my final 4 hours of game play the only thing that changed was the environment. The enemies were the same, but they just got harder to kill. They also start adding barriers to the area so you are forced to fill enemies. I’d like to see the end of the story, but it’s just too much of a hassle.Overall it was a fun game. I can see a lot of potential and great ideas in here, but there could have been so much more. If this game had double the enemy types and double the spell types I could see myself finishing the game. I just got bored before the end."
76561197969290323,Recommended,261760,11903121,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Cuchilain,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czwrOqcGyjMI bought this game the day it came out on Steam when it was nay more than a wee tech demo.  And its expanded and grown into something beautiful.  Skilled players can be impressive battle mages, chaining together different spells and effects, blocking with devastating results and teleporting around like a ninjas nightmare.  I am in no way a skilled player, but i fully enjoy creating the nukes that i want to use and then putting them into effect against baddies that provide me a good challenge.I feel the difficulty is on par with darksouls for me personally, because you learn the pattern and effects and create your spells to counter and persevere against the mobs.The level design while nice, is no more complex than any other corridor based shooter (so far).Graphics are fantastic, spell effects are not the best ive ever seen, but more than complex enough considering that in most situations there will be so much fire and lightning flying around, you dont really want to overdo it.This is a great game and i look forward to playing more of it soon, and i cant wait to see if they decided to bring this spell system into another project."
,Not Recommended,261760,9600520,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,MikeThyson-[NW]-,"recommend at this point, no.But the game has potential, i've test games in alpha stages and this one had the worst optimization ever.Takes nearly 5mins before you get ready to play.Game is very tough which i like. Reminds me of skyrim and DarkMessiah .If you have 20$ to spend go for it... but i'd wait a while,"
76561198073246110,Not Recommended,261760,12487965,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Themostdead,"i don't recommend thisUNoptimized, boring gameplay, confusing story, SLOW AS HELL COMBAT, buggy controls, BUGGY levels random phasing and blinking stuttering floor graphics, teleporting enemies, stuff hitting when you DEFENATLY dodged it, unbalanced boss fights, basicly throwing tons of stuff at you FAIL TO DODGE 1 thing and you're dead, you only gotta hit the boss 300 times...2/10to bad i can't refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥AND YES i have a good enough rig, updated drivers en verified the cashe of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game no thing helpsi7 4700k780 TI16 gb of ramwindows 7should be easy to handle this, i got tons of stuttering and dips below 40F*ck this game..."
,Recommended,261760,13743719,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Inquisitor Dankus Bortis,"don't go into this expecting skyrim, because it's not, it's not open world, and it has no items or quests. HOWEVER, if you like painkiller, serious sam and feeling like a complete badass. this game is for you, it's ultraviolent, it has zombies, demons, and banshees. AND OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD! THE COMBAT SYSTEM IS AWESOME! not the skyrim♥♥♥♥♥♥ you feel so powerful. and yet not overpowered, and another thing, the graphics are amazing, by far the best graphics in an indie game to date. although, there are some flaws, it can get repititive in the first few hours, and it's quite heavy on your pc. sometimes has framerate drops and the bosses(so far) are pretty dissapointing. but i may edit this later.  7,9/10"
,Not Recommended,261760,20713099,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","it amazes me how they did everything perfectly, then made it boring.they made literally everything other than the levels perfect, the little crafting system, the spells feel powerful and you need to be skilled to play this, but every level is the exact same and all the enemies are the same and there is not enough variety"
76561198007866915,Recommended,261760,13680422,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dahaka,"This game is pretty good. Not the best, but for the money you pay, it delivers on everything. I personally only have a few issues with it that I'd like to see addressed in an expansion or sequel, but other than that it's pretty good.The spell variety is there, not much really needs to be added. You have Fire, Ice, Lightning for the basics, and then get to use stuff like Corruption and Necromancy later on just to name a few. The combinations of spells you can make though only varies from missile attacks, lobbed grenades, rain attacks, pools, traps, and some wierd blink mechanics. Not too varied IMO but each of those basic categories can be changed around to do three (3) different effects based on the core spell you chose. For instance: Shoot a fireball that only does a damage over time effect, drop a pool that teleports people that walk through it, lob a grenade that levitates people, etc. Pretty nifty.What I'd like to see in the future (should there be one) is a few more additional core spell groups, and more dynamic attack styles. Lightning for instance operated just like everything else until you got the special effect to trigger from the mastery buff, in which case it was actual lightning and not just a ball of energy. Why not some powers that fork upon hitting an enemy? Cluster bomb style lob attacks? Clouds that shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥at people? Walls, barriers and personal shields? The list can literally go on and on, and while some of these effects are in the game, they are actually so rare in occurance that focusing on those core spells because you like those effects actually hurts your ability to progress.More enemy variety needs to happen. As much as I enjoyed fighting Undead, Demons and Cultists, there really needs to be more than just those three things in the game.Character customization for any possible future game or content.Co-op play would be great as well with as hard as the game is."
,Not Recommended,261760,22863172,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,♥Mewie♥,"Lichdom: Battlemage reviewTL;DRLichdom: Battlemage is a game with a good idea but fails to implement it in a good way.OverviewI had high hopes going into the game. I've always liked the idea of mages and being able to combine different spell enchantments to make new spells sounded like a good idea. However after only 10 minutes or so the gameplay starts getting repetetive. The whole game is basically spamming your fireballs untill mobs of enemies dies. The crafting system works fine but different type of spells is clearly better than others so if you don't want it to take forever to kill one out of all the mobs you don't really have a lot of choice, which is a shame because the options itself are fine. The way they punish the players for dying is by making the crafting parts they find not as good as if they didn't die. This makes it so if a player is having a hard time in the game it makes it even harder for them because their spells wont be as strong so it'll just get harder and harder for them as their spells gets underpowered.ProsAt first the fighting is fun.Fully voiced characters.Crafting system has a lot of options.The graphics are pretty and the spells are really well animated.ConsSome enemies are really ""bullet spongy""If you experiment with the crafting the game punishes you for it because you don't get good spells and there's no way of trying out spells without crafting them first.The story is not very intrestingFinal wordsEven though I really wanted to like the game and be able to recommend it there is just too many flaws in it to be able to recommend it, especially for the price (36,99€ by  the time I write this review). If it goes on sale consider picking it up as you might have some fun."
,Recommended,261760,13292966,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Azthetik,"After about 2 hours of playing this game, I can say it is CRAZY fun. Grindy, linear, repetetive, and fun. It would benefit from a couple of things:Enemy Variation-A lot of the enemies are the same throughout the levelsPVP Arena/Co-op-I persoanlly lean towards the co-op because imagine the spell combos! *o* -drools-A bit more freedom of choice/ freeroaming. Not Skyrim status, but less sidewalks to walk down.More Cowbell-Everything needs more cowbell.8/10Buy it while it's on sale! :D"
,Not Recommended,261760,14232164,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,thecakeisalie,"acutually i woudn't say that i don't recommend it but i wouldn't recommend it either. i am sure that a lot of you are enjoying it but it's just not the right fit for me.first of all: the game is indeed of high quality. nice visuals, good soundeffects and the voice actors are awesome. all in all quite the shiny game. but in my opinion it's just too repetetive. i've played this game for four and a half hours by now but i don't expect that i'm going to spend much more time on it. it really feels like the same over and over again:there is an evil guy. chase him, kill every generic npc on the way, miss the bad guy by just a few minutes. keep chasing, kill some more generic npcs...do this a few times and have a boss fight. repreat. maybe i just didn't get far in enough in the story for that to change but i actually don't think so.the spell crafting system is pretty good actually but not enough to really keep me going.still kudos to the developers, it sounds and looks really good but lacks diversion in gameplay."
,Recommended,261760,35398359,Posted: 1 October,all,Exothermaniac,"Lichdom: Battlemage is a community divider - either you will spend time trying to figure out how to make spells and be able to progress through the game, or you don't and then you'll invariably get stuck. Some excellent people in the steam game community provides much-needed feedback to clarify what the player is expected to do in order to reach the advertised levels of mage power.This quality will inherently cut out a large portion of the gamers that would enjoy the combat system immensely, but do not possess the time or willpower to go through the numbers game that runs the whole show. In essence, this game will require you to read up on how to succeed as you slug along.What made me stick with it? The magic schools are fun, the spell shapes are decently well-designed even though some could've been left out since they underperform compared to their peers. For instance, why use a ray that will pretty much leave you a sitting duck when you can charge criticals with lobs or missiles? The game plays mostly like an old-school shoot'em'up with the caveat that you actually need to have the right spells crafted to stand a chance of surviving.The downsides for me comes down to three things.- The numbers game determining the fun explosions you see all over the screen is poorly explained in-game and even half understanding Mastery, Control, and Destruction there's no guarantee you'll have good enough components to craft useful spells- Leaving it to the game to manage your inventory and focus on the blasting may actually be detrimental to your success for this reason- Punishing the player by losing all loot rarity levels upon death instead of one at a time is harsh, especially since the thresholds for winning some fights are variable and the only way to redeem those loot levels is to go back possibly several hours of gameplay depending on where you areAt the end of the day, if you are a person who enjoys numbercrunching and seeing the results as coloured explosions on a screen - this is definitely a game for you. If you prefer to just blast things, it would be a good idea to forego this title for something that will let you spend your free time mindlessly blowing stuff up. At any rate, it's a game that stands out from the crowd and if you're curious, well worth the money."
76561198024821508,Recommended,261760,13313897,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,streaks_art,"Hmmm, not bad. Not ground-breakingly good either. But it's not bad.The best way to imagine this game is to take a typical FPS, but instead of armor and weapons, you use perfectly timed shields or short 0.5meter teleports to evade, and spells for weapons. As for the weapons, you get the basic item called a Sigil, and you craft a spell from it adding all kinds of characteristics to it and such. Suppose your spell is Fire, Ice, Lightning, Necromancy. Then you decide whether it is a projectile (homing or artillery), contnuous ray, or area of effect, etc.That, and it is linear. Sooooo linear.Get it at a discount. Worth it at a discount.UPDATE: I am finding myself using the Lob characteristic for my spells. The Ray and Missile characteristic is weak and seems pointless. The thing is, the Lob characteristic is the same for all spells. You ""lob"" the ""magic"" at your enemies (fire, ice, lightning, necromancy, etc), and when it hits, it explodes into tinier lob balls.The Ray is the same for all spells. And the Missile is the same for all spells as well. There really isn't any real variety to the magics.UPDATE (Dec12,2014): After 30 hours of gameplay, this game DOES make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥Battlemage. Like, ""You wanna piece of me? Well I want a million pieces of you, ya little prick!"" ""Oh, what's that? You a big scary demon? I'll send you to the Abyss!"" ""I'LL BURN AND FREEZE YOU BOTH AT THE SAME TIME!!!"" ""Let's see you get resurrected after the Nothingness eats you, you incestous narcissist!""Yeah!I just wish Quick Blinking was quicker and covered more distance as you upgrade your shields. That, and Charged Blinking was also quicker."
76561197991155039,Not Recommended,261760,16965408,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Walpurgis,"This game has potential, for your first game it isn't bad... it isn't great but it isn't bad either.  There are some serious flaws in the game which prevent me from recommending the game.  If the rating system was 1 - 10 stars I would give you a 6, just above ok.The graphics are top notch, the animations are good, the music is great.  Those are probably the best things about this game.  But it isn't enough, the combat is repetitive and after a while just got plain boring.  The storyline really didn't flow and in the end I felt I was just clearing the map and getting to the end.  The loot system and crafting system are bland and tedious.  I need a reason to look forward to keep killing, after I was done with the story I didn't think ""Oh boy, now I can clear out some areas and maybe find some cool loot"".  I felt more relieved that I was done.  The levels are just way to long, and it was the same mobs over and over again.  Heck I couldn't bring myself to do the portals at the end.Also I would like to repeat what others have said, I did not feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥mage.  If you had made it where we could clear out masses of mobs with a spell, maybe less small groups of high health mobs and lots of groups of low health mobs and spells where we could clear them out in a specactular display of gore and blood... that might have been something.You have a good start, and I hope you can clean up and make the next game fun... but I can't recommend this game, I just didn't enjoy it enough."
,Recommended,261760,13294791,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Fenixp,"I cautiously recommend this. Let's do a small breakdown as to why:The goodIn short, it's a linear FPS (First Person Spellcaster :-P) with a lot of neat mechanics and insane, yet rewarding crafting system and it is fairly well executed and polished up. So far so good. If you play your cards right and learn the crafting system, you have the very real possibility of becoming a skeleton-summonning necromancer who drops meteors on the heads of his enemies, infects opponents with swarms of insects, debilitates them into fear and betraying their comrades, teleports them around the battlefield and manipulates time itself. But all of this takes time and a lot of mastery over the game's mechanics. Now I'll delve into the complexities of how does it work and why do I like it...The game technically delivers on what it promises. You do have a bazillion of spell combinations, sort of like you have a bazillion of guns in Borderlands 2 or bazillion of distinct items in Diablo, but let's look at facts - there's 3 basic elements, being Fire, Ice, Lightning, Corruption, Kinesis, Delirium, Necromancy and Phase, there's a bunch of patterns in which you can cast said elements such as guided missiles, continuous beam, curved lob and various kinds of area of effect patterns, and lastly, there's three kinds of modifiers - Destruction, Control and Mastery.Now, the incredible variability of the game's magic comes from the fact that every one of the 8 basic elements gets a distinctly different effect based on which one of the three modifiers you use. The differences vary quite wildly, so let's take Corruption and Fire here - When you combine corruption and mastery, your corruption spell infects an enemy (or a group of enemies) with a blister which slowly grows and matures, and if you kill an enemy after it manages to mature, a swarm of flies will emerge from the dead opponent and start to seek and attack other enemies on the field. If you use mastery, however, the blister spawns a nest upon maturing, which orbits around you and infects enemies with insects that then increase your damage output done to them. Fire, on the other hand, just deals damage over time with control and stores its damage to be released later with mastery, IIRC. You can see some common patterns - destruction increases direct damage done, control causes some indirect effect and mastery debuffs enemies and increases damage done to them later down the line.And then, when you master the crafting system, you'll find that there are also synergies between the individual elements, which will allow you to do things such as summonning suicidal, burning corpses, conjure a small black hole and so on and so forth (hint: You can get these by upgrading a legendary trough synthesis screen)Now, it took me some time to get used to all of these various systems as these are the most important and unique part of the game, and for some time, I couldn't quite decide whether or not I like them. See, for an action game, Lichdom is an extremely slow burner and it'll take you several hours to get to the actually awesome bits, and it really takes a lot of getting used to. But after you do, it's a blast - discovering various new ways how different spells can synergize with each other, creating different patterns and seeing how it can affect your playstyle, it's just really cool, but it does require player to actually put in the effort and experiment - if you choose to remain stuck with basic three elements, which you can and nobody is stopping you, I can see the game getting very old, very fast. Oh right, three elements thing - at any given point in time, you can only have three elements equipped, where each element contains three spells - single-target, AoE and block/blink spell. That's 9 spells equpped at any given time, with some having similar roles.Of course, then there's the actual casting of spells itself. You're a glass canon, so you have to be very mobile (depending on the sort of shield you have equipped) and while there are no limitations on casting, casting a spell properly can take up to 2 seconds - doesn't seem long, but it does serve to change your traditional twitch gameplay style into something much slower and deliberate, which isn't something I've really seen in any other First Person action game, not to this extent anyway.There are other good bits worth mentioning - graphics and aesthetic design are fantastic, post-release support is absolutely stellar and murdering stuff does actually feel very good, but none of that is quite as unique as the core mechanic of the spellcasting itself, why is why the game has earned my recommendation. However...The badRight, here comes the biggest flaw the game has, and I feel it's gonna be a dealbreaker for some - and that is enemy variety. There are ranged dudes, meele dudes, dudes spawning other dudes and dudes who are casters, but are actually just a more difficult kind of ranged dudes. They come in unded and living variety, but you hardly ever notice what it is exactly you're fighting, unless it's a boss or a miniboss. I would have definitely liked to see more distinct enemy types, which would ideally force me into switching my sigils around to see if I can get more effective against them.Then there are the 'powerful' enemies - I don't have issues with those per se, I have actually enjoyed the major boss fights the game throws at you, it's the randomly generated mini-bosses I hate. Sometimes, and note it doesn't really happen that often, sometimes the game just generates boss abilities which lead to extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths, where the enemy one-shots you without you being capable of doing all that much about it. Thankfully, this does not happen all too often.And lastly, there's linearity. Aside from an occassional side-dungeon here and there, and a few quite open maps, the game is extremely linear, with slightly more open arenas for larger battles. There is some exploration involved, but not quite enough.JudgementThe game is extremely ambitions, but flawed. I'd suggest getting it on the sale, unless you want to support the dev who's extremely generous with functional updates. All in all, have enjoyed the time I have spent with it, and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,261760,23903470,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dinky,"If you're on the fence about buying the game and it's on sale, go for it. You'll get a good picture of the game in the first hour or two and if you're not happy you can still refund it.My feelings overall are somewhat mixed, it's not a great game but it isn't bad. It took about 13 hours to complete with some rushing towards the end. It takes so long to complete because of all the long fights. You run to a trigger, it spawns 3-6 dudes, you kill them and it spawns 3-6 new dudes to kill and this is repeated over and over again throughout the game. I wish they would have made a lot larger, crowded fights so you could use all AoE spells.Combat gets repetitive; everything starts to feel very bullet-spongy even when using mastery spells to amplify the damage. The magic system is cool but the augments really just took too long to combine and tinker with that I wish they were removed or replaced.The ""hit detection"" also felt very off. Monsters would swing and hit me mid swing. Ranged monsters also had incredible accuracy and fast projectiles which made it hard to avoid and next to impossible to galvanize block.Even with all the negatives the game is pretty good. It's beautiful to look at and the spells feel very powerful. The story isn't amazing but it was good enough to drive me forward."
76561198008228817,Recommended,261760,11609768,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,1angelreloaded,"How can we start, First I started playing at the end of Alpha and played through Beta,First thing to note this is alpha/beta, it is not even close to being the full game. From what I can tell it drops you after half way/ 3rd Boss in the game, before you kill a man named Shax and then sends you into the continuation portion of the game, that is very similar to Hellgate London's style of multiple portals you can enter and try your hand at objectives to strengthen your spells by gaining chances at loot or spells.Graphics = 10/10 This game runs higher resolution texture packs and looks amazing, physics effects are blended well, Character models are amazing. Side note - Glitches, TressFX hair anomilies, wierd spectral blue emination from ghosts and spectral beings, sleeve physics & character model clipping. None of these are a big deal as they know and have stated they will be taken care of for official release. No FPS issues, a few instances of frame timing issues that cause a stutter effect, folks this is an AMD optimized game and I am runnning NVidia(EVGA 760 SC ACX 4GB) and even unoptimized it doesn't make a dent at max settings 1080p Tress FX on, typically it stays completely even in the most complex scenes between 50-60 np with little variance.My complements to the team on this.Sound = 10/10 Environmental, music and ambient are well put together, fit very well and although they aren't completely distinguishable in their own right, they don't come off as sub standard either. This game could only really use a  catchy unforgetable symphony piece to amend that. Voice acting is done well enough with a dash of humor that you will find it funny but overall the submersion of the reality is never broken making the game come off as one big joke (Diablo 3 - I am looking at you, slapstick misplaced humor doesn't belong in a dark atmosphere) and the dread of the situation isn't lost. The bad guys can be a little over the top with banter especially the Evil tropes when thrown around are pretty well done, and don't feel misplaced.Story = ?/10 simply put so far its great, not mind shattering, but its a well piece of fantasy fiction well thought out and conveyed in a decent way. Until it is fully released we will not have a full story and as I have a few guesses where it may lead with a twist here and there honestly its done so far in a way I can't really see what is coming next(Diablo 3 Im really looking at you if within the first 30 mins I can guess the entire plot and story you need better writers) as there is subtle hints that the story can turn multiple directions. If anything its a little confusing but extremely fun moving forward to find out what is happening and putting the pieces together of several mysteries.RPG Mechanics = 7/10 I am being harsh because I am a huge RPG fan and customization is king for me, making a character my own and different from everyone elses is what matters to me. There is no way to choose how you look or to visually distinguish yourself other than a Male/Female Variant(-3). There is no Gear aka Weapons and Armour to either alter your appearance or any statistics on your character that can differentiate yourself by leveling up your character in any way in which you have choice in how the character is built as you progress through the story(-5), yep they are at -1 already on this, so how can I give it a 7/10 well they get 8 points by impressing me with itemization of sigils/spells and their components, the ways the spells are put together and the multiple options you have make for a never ending funfest, this is the type of game you can argue with 5 other people about your sigils/spell combinations the way you have them set up and the way you utilize them, truth none of you are right or wrong and you can pick and dissect and discuss to your hearts content, there is no I win button really but instead you are an overpowered castor with every I win they can give you. Sigils are limited right now, but they assure more is on the way, so no complaints here on that measure. Even then the customization with random lot patterns make for an unlimited possibilities ,on top of that they have something similar to Baddass token in Borderlands for each sigil spell combo that is awarded when completing a required leveling task. Congrats the RPG isn't dead in fact I think we are heading for a new golden age.Action Mechanics = 6/10 Jump is replaced by a teleporting dodge in this game aka Blink, and it is your friend as you will eventially set the character up for a blink kite or a galvanizing tank sort of style, The spells have a feeling and weight to them that feels satisfying however the downside to combat is that its a little repetative, well no more than an Elder Scrolls game can be, a great impovement though for an FPS castor TBH. You have 3 spell types, Targeting(ray, lobbed grenade, missile), AOE( set trap or area of effect), Ward ( damage effect for a timed block of sorts) and a Shield , each RPG augmentation changes the Action of the game completely with synergies that give amazing effects giving weight to you are a badass mage. with 7 Sigils/Elements that play differently and effect the action themselves as well as the pacing of combat.Other thoughts =  This is well worth the purchase price, there is no multiplayer although they have stated it would because they would need to sacrifice way 2 much of the vision of the game to make it happen. That doesn't however mean its completely out of the picture either as stated by them, perhaps a standalone expansion focused on an arena of sorts where multiple players can take on waves of enemies and bosses would be a likely choice for an implementation without giving up anything on the main game itself, that would be my suggestion anyways. In the future I would like to see more sigils added to broaden the field of RPG aspect. Also to the developers and players they don't hold your hand in this game the tutorial is ok and gets the point across, but as for an explanation of how spells work, patterns, augments, and synthesis can and should be explained a bit better from what they currently are, a game needs to be challenging and have some exploration buyt in this case its vital information that can fustrate players when they realize they missed something important. Overall Good Job Xaviant I lok forward to release and to your future games I really think you created a special IP that in the future could expand in so many ways, just plz remember something that so many RPG studios have forgotten, RPGs are meant to be complicated beasts with extreme amounts of options and customization, streamlining and simplifing is never an answer, or a good choice."
,Recommended,261760,11981310,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Badulf; Jötunn,"I'm sure they'll continue to fix this as it goes on, no game is perfect until bugs and changes are continously being made. So, I'm sure some people would be disappointed now by the fixes, but with my experiences with a lot of PC games. Games don't stay broken, Devs want that revenue so it continues to get fixed.  Do I recommend this game? Absolutely.... because it's like Magicka as an FPS game.  So with time and patience, this game could be nice and polished."
,Recommended,261760,10526220,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LordOfPit,"Imagine being thrown into an endless arena and repeatedly flinging spells at enemies so you can watch them die in entertaining ways and constantly coming up with more efficient and/or entertaining deadly combinations?If this premise sounds like fun to you then Lichdom can provide endless hours of grinding enemies into the next generation of spells that would become much worse for the next enemy you'll meet because in Lichdom you're only as great as the spells you create.Sure, the story can be interesting and the voice-casting is excellent but the main draw is being a Battle Mage and being able to take on multiple enemies who would kill you if you gave them the chance! The more you play, the more powerful you become and that's a great promise for any RPG to deliver on.It's also refreshing to see a game that doesn't make melee combat be the focal point of damage while Casters must cower in the back row and fling a Fireball every once in a while! The game looks amazing and the ownership of every death you plan for each enemy feels great and keeps me coming back for more. The spell-crafting feels empowering and it's difficult not to feel smart the first time you use a new spell you just crafted into that new Sigil you've just unlocked.I recommend this game if you can get it for the $20 price-tag it originally had but I whole-heartedly hope the story/plot and other aspects would prove the game worthy at the $40 price tag post-launch."
,Recommended,261760,10539045,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,━╤デ╦︻✫RAW✫,"For being an early access alpha, this game has potential, the graphics are nice. The magic spells are awesome, I can't wait to see what else they have in store for this game. I think this game is awesome! I would reccomend this game!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,261760,11373012,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Shauwn,"Updated: 23-07-2-14 (beta update)here is an update as to my findings of the beta until now!+- Ui looks better (health bar, fast travel station, sigil selection at equip screen.- The reforge and synthesize upgrade are a good improvement.- Casted spells look more realistic.Improvements- Maybe a targeting cursor so i can see where i am casting my spells?- Maybe a double tap movement for sprinting?- Maybe a higher rare loot multiplier (to my findings didnt go above 5)- Maybe that once crafted spells can also be upgraded by the synthesize upgrade (and not only the""ingredients"" for the upgrade)Question- will there be permanent health upgrades like longer health bars or 4 or max 5 health bars instead of3? (besides the shield/barrier health upgrades i mean)So these are my findings until now! Hope to update more later on.Please dont bash, just trying to help improve the game!"
76561198048276307,Recommended,261760,11017535,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lord Blitzkrieg,"I've always loved the idea of playing as a mage in various RPGs, but it just never seemed to be the most powerful/viable option. Lichdom not only makes the mage ""viable"", but also incredibly powerful and fun. The ability to cast as much as you want whenever you want, with no mana or spell CDs, is quite thrilling. The level already look gorgeous and the game is only in Alpha. Highly recommend."
76561198020087109,Recommended,261760,10537596,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Latoshi,"Love the game. Shows great promise of something truely epic. The only thing i see that i would like, is if they added more flashy sigils, like for example if you casted a really powerful fire AOE spell, then it would create like a column of fire that reached up to the heavens."
76561198025295885,Recommended,261760,12068138,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JonasB,"The Good-You are unshackled from mana bars and cooldowns, able to unleash torrents of shiny, shiny murder.-Enemies are more varried than I first thought and have enough difference in their abilities to keep you on your toes.-The crafting system is engaging and sigils are varried enough to allow for a surprisingly deep level of options. Dunno if it meets the ""thousands of spells"" mentioned in the store page, but it's enough that you can have fun tinkering around.-Several playstyles are viable: blink around unleashing quick-firing missiles? Stand still and parry your opponents then counter-attacks with devastating novas? Cause a chain reaction of exploding parasites that lay waste to a room? All possible.-Environments are very nice-looking and, while linear, are varried and have enough crannies to allow for some minor exploration.-The journal is very informative and can answer most questions easily.-The voice acting is quite good and the banter between you and your partner, plus the little 'echoes of the past' you can watch, are nice breaks in the murder.The Bad-The tutorials are terrible. The journal is a godsend due to this, but still.-No difficulty settings, but fortunately it's not, say, Dark Souls difficult. Best comparison might be to Expert on skyrim?-The crafting menu is very intimidating when you first open it and a lot of the stats on sigils aren't explained. It's all much simpler than it looks, fortunately, but the first impression can be a hurdle.Summary: A solid and fun, if bumpy-starting game that lets you unleash your inner magical murder machine. Best enjoyed an hour or two at a time."
,Recommended,261760,11510214,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Alenori,"I definately recommend this game, even playing it for the short time that I'm posting this review. The variety of spells and combination they hold is potentially limitless, with the concept of EPIC tiered abilities being tied to elemental attributes, causing caustic damage to multiple enemies at a single lob of an ice spell, or spraying flames from your hand in a ray of divine wrath that singes the flesh of the undead you torch as they run at you.The storyline seems solid, and has some comedy to it, with the charming companions, and we playing as the 13th Dragon.I have found a smallamount of graphical bugs withing the Expiremental x64 build but it is otherwise beautiful with the assisstance of CryEngine 3. Great work Xaviant, I hope to see an introduction of a multiplayer/co-op fights later on towards the full release, or a wave mode.If you want to know more about this game, all I can say is, spent you $30 now because this game is sure to be worth it!"
,Recommended,261760,12308778,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Death&Taxes,"Great game just needs a little more wotk to get it to a good place some character models have some texture popins with their hair, but overall great story."
,Recommended,261760,11354353,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,jstanobody,"what i like the most of this game is its on beta build.. i get to play and share what i think about the game at the same time.. great so far and im lovin the fact that it is designed for mage player or sort of like a player who likes throwing devastating spells, etc... can't wait for the main release of the game.."
76561197971192292,Recommended,261760,21771485,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,[RS]Gasoline Dream,"Oh boy I gathered my toughts about this game for quite a long time. I simply couldn't decide is it worth recomending...Sigils:A good variety of sigils but still most of them works the same way (in destruction) as debuffs well we have a good variety but still AOE spells ICE/Kinesis/Phase anchor the enemies more or like the same...I hardly can put Kinesis as a spell so I find it a bit hard to place in Battlemage role... It would be better to have Air based sigil instead of kinesis but thats just my opinion.Necromancy... I got a love hate relationship with this one... (spoiler) we fight undeads by creating more undeads well fight poison with poison but still somehow wrong... Summoning system is well executed you need to mark enemy and after You kill it you will get an undead.Rest of the sigils did its work for me. Specialls were good just trigering them takes more work than effect...Overall - YES it was good - still could be betterSpell crafting: Its a nice thing to have smart inventory and custom you cook your spells as you want. All options with crafting are good. I wanted more AOE effects and more targeted effects. Elemental summons would be nice to have not only as synergy type... thing is with one type of sigil and one type of spell you can actually beat the game so it is a bit linear... System itself is ok but it needs expansion. My expectations were much bigger... overall- NO needs expansion...Shields: 3 types and they work ok. Idea with shields is a good one - YES for mePlot: (spoiler)As we play plot seems to be ok. We wanted mostly to kick♥♥♥♥♥with magic so who needs a plot? :DWe have a vengance thirst for power, undeads, we meet a friend the friend gets killed and we need more vengance... In the end I think creators dimply run out of ideas how to end plot line... its really linear and borring and incomplete...Plot overall - NO it sucked...Graphics and animation - looks good all flows in nice colors and animation - YES it is goodBoss fights: Some minor bosses were worse than the main ones... I had my time YES it was funSecrets and specials: not so secret and not so special anyone with a sharp eye can get it all... NOFight in general: As I was closing to endgame I was begging for it to end... After some time it gets boring - It needed a bit more of variety.. But bashing the sh*t out of my foes still was fun - so lets say YES :DI recomend this game but ONLY on some good sales its not worth its basic price... If you buy it just to mash the undeads and other minions demons etc it will do its work."
,Not Recommended,261760,21963768,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"Lichdom: Battlemage is one of those games that pulls you in with enticing screenshots and explosive trailers that showcase its frantic violence, but turns out to be a crushing disappointment and an empty promise of what could have been. Any potential is trampled by the mind-numbingly tedious gameplay, levels that drag on for far too long and the supposed crown jewel; an underwhelming and prosaic spell system. You will engage in fights that are challenging and enjoyable; however, these are few and far between, and as you progress further into the game you feel less and less powerful as enemy encounters take an increasingly absurd amount of time to grind through. The visuals are gorgeous, particularly those of the landscapes and spells, not surprising given the engine it was created with.The search for playing as a truly unstoppable killing machine of a mage continues, as this does not provide it.4/10"
,Recommended,261760,13342122,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,DoktorMetal,"After playing this game several hours, I can say for a discounted price it's quite worth it. Don't expect too much from it though.The centre of the gameplay is crafting. You find tons of parts to craft your spells. You first start off with just 1 spell-""element"" and gain another with each level you finish. By using them you can level them up and choose between 3 things to upgrade which are damage, critical chance and critical effect.The whole crafting thing is pretty much too complex to explain in detail here. With wrong crafted spells, bosses can become hard in a dark souls kind of way. With well crafted spells you might be able to kill them in under 2 minutes.The fun really lies in discovering what spells you can create for your special needs.Basically there are 3 type of spells you can cast. One of which is a offensive ball or ray. there are different types of those too. The other one is an AOE which can have many different effects and a shield (which I barely use ever so it's pretty useless to me).The story doesn't really get rolling and isn't that exciting. The levels - although not open world but very linear - are beautifully crafted thanks to the Cryengine 3. Enemies spawn every few meters and you gotta defeat them. New enemies are introduced only about every level and there is much re-use in enemies.For less than 10€ I'd still recommend it."
76561198000244052,Not Recommended,261760,12177428,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,mredfoot,"The concept is great, but the execution is flawed.  While being a powerful mage who can burn/freeze/electrocute anything that isn't air without the need for mana pools or such sounds cool, it would be a lot better if it felt like you were actually doing something effective.  While not needing a tank to hide behind sounds good, the swarming, repetative enemies and your severe case of ""squishy"" will leave you wishing for a meat-shield. Combine this with a spellcrafting system that looks good on paper but makes most choices severely underwhelming, stir in a dash of ""generic"", bake at ""mediocre"" for way too long, and you have this game."
76561197960912290,Recommended,261760,11959492,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Vividnightmare,"This game is excellent but it requires a keyboard, don't let the 'partial controller' support fool you. It is REALLY partial, such as there is no interact button on the controller so you can interact with any of the spells beacons to upgrade or change your powers. You HAVE to use a keyboard for that. There's also a couple of abilities, like charge, that don't seem to work. If youre able to play this on a keyboard purely then it's quite good. It's got good graphics but it's pretty hardware demanding, I've run this on three different computers I own, all for gaming but only ones a serious gaming machine. On almost any graphics setting it lags pretty bad and is pretty choppy on the two weaker systems, on my main gaming PC however it runs beautifully at full settings. In the end my biggest issue is the 'partial controller support'. It's junk, literally the game cannot be fully played with just the controller and what makes that upsetting is that a handful of controller buttons simply aren't used in the game, it's like they started to develop support and then just dropped it. Overall if you're a PC gamer, loving your keyboard and mouse, it's great fun, but you'll need a pretty beefy system to play it smoothly. If you're a part of the controller trend like myself, then don't buy this, simply put you can't play Lichdom with a controller alone. Over all 7/10 as it stands, if they add FULL controller support it's an 8.5/10 easy. Excellent action, great combat, wonderful visuals, amazing magic/combat system."
,Recommended,261760,9607202,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,X39,!PRE ACCESS REVIEW!Lichdom: Battlemage is an epic game where you REALLY be a mage full with many thingssadly the level design is pretty linear : / but thats ok as you ♥♥♥♥ING beat all enemies up with spellsThe fighting system is pretty simple and nice designedsadly the PA is not containing hints yet so its not that easy to understand how to do what : /so whats the final result?Good game!Buy if you enjoy playing a mage
,Recommended,261760,9617154,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,-   Ǥoku,This game is awesome.If it was made free world I would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.
76561197966854718,Recommended,261760,9602802,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Zim Zailor,"Dont expect good frames, i'll start with that. It's cryengine and its not optimized yet. I have two GTX 780s and I can only play on medium settings and get 50ish fps. I can even drop into the 30s. I am playing at 1440p but still, it's rough. My second 780 is doing nothing, because SLi isnt optimized yet.The game is fun as hell. You can buff up your spells the way you want to play. If you enjoyed playing a mage in skyrim I would recommend."
,Recommended,261760,9613366,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,koinmonkey,"Im really enjoying this game!It is certainly a new experience at least for me. Never seen a game in this style until now.Good Job to Xaviant for the awesome work, cant wait to see where the game will be in the future!Thank you for the experience!"
,Recommended,261760,11474931,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Danny Boy,"It's been a long time since a boss battle has been so hard, but so rewarding.This game is a great combination of high fantasy, spellcrafting and difficult fights. The very little health you have adds to the value of the experience. The spellcrafting has some great ideas, but a better menu would make it more accessible when comparing statistics - a spreadsheet based menu would work like a charm (no pun intended).Overall it is a great game. The graphics are very nice, although the TressFX seems a tad glitchy. The story is well presented and I think that characters are very thoughtfully formed, however I think some character customisation like The Elder Scrolls would not go astray. Even though there are no physics weapons to choose, some mage clothing would be nice.I would certainly recommend this game, and I am excited for what it has to come."
,Recommended,261760,11350779,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Vakrii,"Pretty awesome game. The graphics are beautiful even on the lowest setting, which unfortunately is the only setting at which my computer can run. The magic system is also fantastic, although i havent gotten very far, the speels all have nice effects and feel like they do damage. The exception to that would be the AOE spell, to me, it feels kinda underwhelming. Like a big build up and then plop. Never the less, the game is shaping up to be an awesome experience, and now that it is in beta, things can only get better."
,Recommended,261760,11488756,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,新鮮見方,Voice acting by Jennifer Hale. Enough said.Oh and the game is quite fun as well...
76561198024115924,Recommended,261760,11914561,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Pimp With a Limp,This game looks amazing and is very fun to play. I don't quite understand the item crafting/magic system but i know how to cast 2 types of spells and so far I love it. 100% reccomend to anyone.
76561198059327439,Recommended,261760,11910221,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Dhaos,"A wonderful game with incredible character depth. I haven't gotten terribly far but I am already impressed with everything I've seen. The two player characters have their own unique feel and story, and the characters are written in such a way that you WANT to see them succeed. Furthermore, the ""bad guy"" is actually a fairly well rounded character, something even game companies like Square Enix and Bethesda sometimes fall short on."
,Not Recommended,261760,12040257,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Nucas,"I think most people can agree the combination of an open spell crafting system, no mana bars and hordes of enemies to be annhiliated is pretty tantalizing.That's what Lichdom purports to be. I was imagining unlimited Bioshock plasmids or Skyrim dual wielding with no cooldowns, but the end result is a much spottier affair.The combat is the sole focus of the game - there is no exploration and a vapid narrative - and it is extremely daunting to the unitiated. There are multiple base damage types (fire, ice, lightning, etc), a handful of manifestations for the damage (AoE, missile, ray) and modifers upon modifiers, all represented with changing values and percentages. This in actuality is the real game - combining spell components and modifiers to produce more powerful versions of your spells, to counter the increasingly powerful enemies. The use of the crafting system is virtually unexplained: the number of confused and mournful comments in the game's community hub tell the tale. Lichdom begs to have an excel spreadsheet built into it's interface.The game is basically Serious Sam - a corridor shooter pitting the player against utterly mindless suicidal enemies, punctuated by occasional boss fights. Despite an A-List voice cast the overtones of a narrative are laughable - small player activated scenes are placed directly in your path to tell the tale entirely with ghostly visions of the past, and in fact can be completely bypassed, begging the question of why the team spent the money on the talent. The world itself is dead and empty, devoid of interaction - the levels, long and desolate, filled only with the morönic screams of your suicidal foes. The game world and mechanics feel so streamlined that it's sacrificed any character it may once have possessed.That leaves the fighting. The number of people unable to get past the first boss fight should be telling. There's no guidance presented in game, leaving you to spend hours analyzing the spell crafting system, read guides, or (most commonly it seems, based on the comments section) simply attempt trial and error with the game's ponderous crafting system and hope for the best.It seems like the developers decided to continue adding more layers and systems to their game as development wore on, adding more complexity to the crafting, more stages to the boss fights, when that time might have been better spent adding more character to their world, or trying to tell an engaging story.As it is I think they've crafted a very niche product for themselves and greatly limited their success. The only thing to keep you interested in playing the game is the act of crafting new spells itself. There's no compelling plot, no new areas to explore.If keeping the steam overlay open to research your spells and calculate modifiers sounds like a delight, this is the game for you. If you were expecting a visceral action trip, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,261760,12033831,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,celloman,"Final Review Update:Who the hell rated this game 10/10 in the trailer and all those comments praising how great the game is?This game is at most a 5/10 for a $40 game.So what if the game has pretty good graphics? Whats most important is the gameplay. And how does it scale up? The story is boring and I couldn't give 2 sh*t about the characters in the game. They have zero worthwhile character development that gets me to care about anyone. Also the gameplay/enemy type is too repetitive. The same f*cking pattern over and over again. Reach an open area, a couple skeletions pops out and you just spam your spells until they die, rinse and repeat with other mobs. Bosses are just damage sponge, just dodge a few heavy blows and  spam your spells away. Uhhhrgh, i wish i could take this game and some others off my game library, it doesn't deserve to be in there with the other great games.Full Game Release Update:This game does not live up to its hype or concept. Limitations to the doge have been made. You are no longer a badass mage like the game was first advertised. The Alpha was a lot more fun then the official release. The game is boring now. It makes having tons of spells pointless as they are all pretty much the same and you choose based on your prefered elemental effects. This game isn't worth the $40 bucks. Wait till its on 75% sale then consider getting it. Its so unfortunate that it didn't turned out the way it could've been. The game isn't terrible but not good at the same time. Its just plain and boring at times. I couldn't even be bothered to complete this game becuase of how dull its become.17th June 2014 Alpha Update:Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥has the game been improved! The graphics are so much smoother and better then before. The load time is still a bit long but thats fine. The new updates added effects animation to your hand so now the game feels more personal as you seen your hand burn up/freeze up with your skin cracking as you cast a spell. The story has been improved tremendously, no longer are you some wasted drunk dude that a mage just picked up from the bar, but rather a pretty interesting back story with a f**king scumbag douch wanna choke him to death nemesis. The beginning of the game sets you in the mood for revenge as you see a rich control freak/cultist ruins your life over some small matter. You can now fast travel so that means its a semi open world game. The scenery is beautiful and damn does the spells look better with each update. This game looks like it will be around $40-$60 at release so i recommend you guys to grab a copy while its still cheap. This game is definitely heading the right direction and the developers deserves a huge round of applause. The other improvement i wish to see within the next few updates are reduced load time and add epic soundtrack!!! This game needs really epic and heroic choirs or chants while you do battle. The bosses are DAMN GOOD LOOKING!!!! If looks could kill, then its definitely the case here in lichdom battlemage. I will update this review again when the next major update comes out.10th May 2014 Update:The gameplay is much smoother compared to the previous update. I only encounter 2 glitches so far. The one thing that has gotten worse is the loading time. It took 79 seconds to load the menu screen and 64 seconds to load the game (yes i timed it with my stopwatch on iphone). The loading time has always been pretty long, but after this update, it just gotten longer. This is my just my personal experience. Other than that, since i have not finished the game, I can't give my opinion about the story or boss fights. I only had 1 boss fight so far and it was kinda anti-climatic. All you need to do was run and ""gun"" which in this case is run and spam your spells. And what happened to the girl that was with you before the boss fight? It would've been better if we get to do tag team boss fights or even tag team through certain areas of the game, I just feel kinda lonely sometimes. The story is not griping at all, I don't feel like i should give a damn about my character or anyone else. There is a story but its really plain, like no big deal. I don't feel intrigued or gripped by the ""story"" thus far. I will update my review when the next update comes out.2nd May 2014 Update:This game has tons of potential. I bought this game from just reading the description. The concept of having infinite mana and the idea of being a powerful mage just attracts me. We have seen lots of games such as Skyrim, Guild Wars 2 etc where you have to either wait for mana to regenerate, use mana potion or wait for a certain amount of time before using another attack. I'm not saying they are bad games, no, those are fantastic games but what I'm saying is that this game brings something new. Something we've never seen before. The game is still in pre-alpha so don't expect a polished finished game. Rather, this game needs your support. I usually don't support early access games but this one has my full support.Now for the gameplay, its still a little rough around the edges but thats totally understandable, come on guys its pre-alpha so relax. The combat feels a little stiff and i'm not sure if its a good or bad thing but bascially you are a mage with aimbot. No matter where you aim, your attack will automatially hit its target, not all the time but most of it. The other improvement that i think will greatly raise the bar of the game is to increase the spectacularity of the attacks. I'm talking about huge explosions, pillars of fire, ice, lightning and area destructions. Those are my only concerns so far.The recent update greatly improved the performance of the game and of course added a story, so now we know whats going on, kinda. The attacks looks better then before and there are still some minor glitches but those can be fixed easily by the developers. There is a downside to being a badass. After  a while, the game feels repetitive, and a little boring at times. So far I don't see it as an RPG than can last very long. Maybe its because i didn't finish the game? I hope the game can add in huge side quests to increase the length of the game. These days a 50 hour RPG is pretty average. I also wish that there would be a clearer leveling system. Right now we get these achievement points which can be use to upgrade certain attributes of the character, such as criticall damage, critical chance and increased damage.Overall I just hope this game turns out great, with plenty of content and lengthy quality playtime. which means no boring side quests if they are adding those, more variety of enemies, plenty of boss fights, more variety of attacks, add in some lore into the  story to make it seem llike there is a depth to the story. Thats all for now. I will update the review once the developers update the game again."
,Recommended,261760,9602419,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,sonnislimm,"played jus a smidge but so far real nice, i underdstand  its a work in progress, playes pretty good so far, cant wait to see whats in store. will wright more once i play more. looking for a crosshair"
76561198040557124,Recommended,261760,9577259,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lazero,"Great fluidity and very nice targeting, if you think a bit where your shooting.Powers are nice, oh yeah, no jump but a killer slide/dodge.Feels and looks real good, and hope they keep up the great work. Have slight problems going multiscreen, but I have a ornery system, so could just be me, always works, just have to start in single screen, than change. love it already. its price is good for what you get, but almost passed over cause of that, but was attracted to it, and happy with the purchase."
,Recommended,261760,9691468,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ftsforever,"After about 7 hours playing this game i can easily say that i have got my money's worth, its fantastic even at this early pre alpha stage, the mobs are tough and altough you are an all powerfull mage, your best tool here really is your braini simply adore the crafting system, there is nothing more rewarding than saving up all those shapes and augments and then crafting something awesome when the mobs get a bit too much to handle.the game does run into a lot perfomance issues though, im running it on a gddr5 7850 gpu, 3.5 8 core amd cpu and 8gb ram and the game does freeze after a couple hours (memory leaks at an early stage are acceptable) and the fps does stutter from time to time, but mostly it has been running at around 50.i will update this once i manage to stop playing :P"
,Recommended,261760,10917480,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,falco1029,"It's very rare that you can buy an early access game and get your money's worth in enjoyment even before the game's finished, but with Lichdom, that's exactly what happened. While it's clear there's some work still to be done, what's there already is incredibly well made and built upon a solid system of gameplay and mechanics. I would reccomend this to anyone who's even barely interested in playing an action oriented spellcaster."
76561198108269527,Recommended,261760,11374187,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"Wow! This game really does what it promises - create a kickass mage character that kicks♥♥♥♥♥ It boldly casts aside the notion of class equality so prevalent in fantasy RPG in favor of a model that says, ""Seriously? The skinny thief, musclebound oaf, clever ranger, and decadent bard are all equal to the mage, who wields the cosmic power of the universe as a weapon? Not in this world!""At first this game was unplayable for me. I just tried playing tonight and the new beta release performs very well. So well that I just played for four hours straight, stopping only to get drinks from the kitchen.This is going to be a great game when it is finished. It is already a lot of fun, and has its own unique character and spin on the usual fantasy revenge tale.The magic system allows for a great variety of spells, all of which are very powerful, with different modifiers creating a smorgasboard of carnage choices. No more spamming magic missle (or equivalent) over and over to kill a single opponent. Enemies will fall fast and hard in a multi-spectrum rainbow of death and destruction.Oh. and finally a protaganist who responds to being killed, resurrected and granted tremendous power somewhat realistically - ""Ok. So you're just going to give me all this power?"" in a bemused tone of voice.I will finish by comparing this to Bound By Flame, another game aspiring to turn you into the ultimate magical badass. The key difference is this - the combat in Lichdom, in beta stage, is better and more fun than Bound By Flame in its fondest creator's dreams. The magic system is creative and feels powerful and smoothly executed. Bound By Flame's system is rather restricted, and made unnaturally difficult by the combat system's clunkiness. Also, the story is better, and better told."
,Recommended,261760,10500635,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,King Beef!!!!,So far so good. Like the combination of spells you can use. The combat is a little rusty but it is alpha and a majority of the time it works really well.
76561198028954793,Recommended,261760,10927685,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jeeves Bentley,"A very pretty game, with unique fighting mechanics.  Interesting leveling up system.  Lacking at the moment, you can tell it's an incomplete game and fighting the same enemies becomes monotonous as much as being in the same general map/area it's intentions to entertain blur.  Much potential to be a great game once fully developed, was worth buying for sure."
,Not Recommended,261760,11953813,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Sp3ctr,"I really didn't like this at all.  As you can tell, I didn't get very far in.  I'm pretty tolerant when it comes to games and I like to give them the benefit of the doubt, but this was just incredibly frustrating.  First, the way the game tries to teach you about the spell system is not good at all.  It rushed through and doesn't explain things very well.  Also, there is no ""press space"" to advance through... it's like an embedded video that lasts a few seconds and then goes away leaving you confused.  It also explains and tries to demonstrate spell abilities before you even get them, which is even more confusing.  Lastly, I was cruising along nuking things just fine, so I was OK with how disjointed and confusing everything was.  I figured I would learn in good time.Until I got to a room in which there was my first mini boss and I got repeatedly owned in a matter of seconds.  The field of view was terrible, and the mini boss 1-shot me.  I usually don't give up easy, but the combination of all the above made the game far more frustrating than enjoyable, and I play games to relax and have fun, not be frustrated.  Uninstalled.  Wish I could get a refund.  Do not recommend."
76561197970764389,Recommended,261760,11515068,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Nemrok,"I played through the early access, and I must say this game is awesome!  I'm looking forward to the final game."
,Recommended,261760,11904274,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,NoshJix,"My god, powerful magic, challenging enemies, almost limitless crafting and spell system. Stop reading this and start playing this game. Think Skyrimish but destruction and defense magic dual wielded and used to punish wave upon wave of enemies."
76561197969591532,Recommended,261760,11908984,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,kiwistalk,"Sooo much fun... it is what Xaviant says it is.  Don't expect an experience driven by set-piece narrative movie-in-a-game ""Call of War Honor: The God of Battlefield Duty 7: with Medals"" kind of stuff or any kind of meta-game like leveling up in multiplayer or something.  Instead, expect a fast paced thrill ride of reigning mass corrective services on the silly monsters that would dare keep on attacking a walking Nuke with a brain.  Although, to be fair, there are story reveals throughout to break up the killing spree, and you know, keep the flavor alive.  But I didn't really care... I was busy showing off my Virtual Mage-BadasseryTM to friends or destorying in visually attractive ways for my own gratification,  Feel the power!!!Oh, anything less than 4 gb's of RAM will cause the game to crash randomly FYI.  And the in-game info on the crafting and magical systems is very shallow: read a basic guide on the forums or elsewhere to get the systems' ideas down before consuming vital items.... if you just wanna figure it out then stay cool and keep a keen eye on what the outcomes are of your randomish item uses.  Good Luck"
,Recommended,261760,9587697,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,iserguy,"I cannot wait to see more of this game.  I've actually been hearing about it for a long time now, and have even done some in-house testing for Xaviant on the game.  Things are certainly buggy, as is to be expected of a pre-alpha, but I love the aspect of mixing and customizing spells so much, and this game does it right.  I would definately recommend hopping in on this game early, and helping it grow, because they've certainly got a good thing here."
76561197961106425,Not Recommended,261760,14427887,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Calculon,"Good concept, horrible execution.The level design in this is so awful and boring. It just drags on until you want to quit."
76561198068976689,Recommended,261760,11305977,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Grinder,i threw my money at and liked what i got you should do same
,Not Recommended,261760,12108113,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Farsken,"It's an FPS with magic.If we look what kind of a game this is. It's basically an FPS where you shoot with fireballs and lighting bolts, instead with guns.This gets ofcourse boring after a couple of hours. The maps/levels are linear (if you ignore the art, it's basically tunnels).The graphics and the game-mechanics/physics is good, but the storyline is week and seems to be unable to be altered by the player's choiches.Actually you don't have choiches, so to me this is not an RPG!When I bought this game, I was hoping for something revolutionary for the RPG genre. But it's not! It has more in common with an single player FPS, than an RPG.My tip for you: Play Skyrim instead, you can be a powerful mage there. And it will give you an unique experience each time you play. (If you where looking for an RPG)."
,Not Recommended,261760,15574384,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Trump's Lips,"An hour and a half in, I'm bored out of my brain.  The spells are all the same, casting is slow, ui is overwhelming with 0 explanation, and the controls feel terrible.  The only pro to this game is the beautiful graphics."
,Recommended,261760,11249296,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Moscato,Ive never had so much fun In a mage game in my life! :D and ive hardly played it but you feel so powerful and awesome in this game aswell as being a challenge
,Recommended,261760,11905146,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Lord Shitboat,♥♥♥♥in' yes.
,Not Recommended,261760,24246197,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR:I had this game on my library for a long while, had previously bought it during a sale (phew!). While this game have strong aspects, the lowdowns are too big to bring this game as recommended.You are a ""DRAGON"", a callsign for a Battlemage in the Lichdom game. As you progress further, you unlock new SIGILS (spheres of magical power: Fire, Ice, Kinesis, Corruption, Necromancy, Lightning, Delirium and Phase). You start with Fire sigil and you will be playing the game from start to finish with that one, as it is an all-around-handy sphere! My second most recommended sphere is Kinesis as you can stop/freeze enemies in the air (levitating) so you can focus on other enemies. And my last most recommended sphere is Necromancy. This one is so damn useful as you mark an enemy with an necromancy hex and once it dies, you get a spawned ally (ally varies from a select spawns)... and that gives you lots of room to focus on what enemy to kill first and move on. The undead allies can do some damage too but they're mostly handy as being a distraction!Another big recommendation I can give you is whenever you can mess around the Shield upgrade/crafting, make sure you have the ""AGILE"" label and fiddle around the upgrade parts until you see ""Unlimited Blink"". This is such a lifesaver as you can move around all the time, avoid melee and ranged attacks!Lichdom story is pretty weak... and it is mostly being told in ""ghost-like"" apparitions once you trigger it. I'll leave you up to find the story for yourself but it is very bland!The controls of Lichdom works well. You run surprisingly fast for a mage (actually handy!) and with the blink power, you are much harder to hit.Spellscrafting is strange at first. Takes a while to see how it works and especially what the result is. Again, mess around this and craft what you seem to like! On my fire sphere, I used mainly a fire ""lob"" (fireball) and it get's the job done fast! On Kinesis sphere, I used a levitating ray (stops foes and hurl them in the air) and Necromancy sphere pretty all does the same thing... hex foe then spawn ally!Impressive voice casting on this game. Many known actors participated on Lichdom!I played the game on the second hardest setting. I had read about how hard and unforgiving Lichdom gets... especially for the first boss fight and I kinda agree. I'd advice to play on either the easiest setting or on ""normal"". A protip for the nasty first demon boss... ALWAYS MOVE and lightning his a$$ up!And now, rundown of PROS and CONS.PROS:+""Not-so-bad"" visuals but could have been better for a CryEngine 3 game. My biggest pro here is the 21:9 support!+Strong voice acting.+Frenzy spellcasting.+Simple loot system that's directly linked to your spellcrafting abilities.+Challenging gameplay.CONS:-WAY TOO LONG PLAYTIME... Xaviant, if you ever make a sequel, cut half of the game! Too many ""filler"" in this game!-Highly repetitive and linear level design.-Weak story.-Lacks enemy variety.-Difficulty spikes throughout the game. At beginning, it is unbalanced (especially the first demon boss). You can always change the difficulty in-game at all time.-Not enough checkpoints. When you die, you gotta re-kill previously killed enemies and that get's irritating! I can't imagine how frustrating it could be on the hardest game setting!-No point in replaying the game once you beat... but there is some ""post-game"" stuff to do. I didn't cared what it is as I'm done with Lichdom but it seems to be ""Skirmish"" stuff so I'd imagine replaying the game in a NewGamePlus Mode style.-Pricey for its normal price. Get this on a big sale!OVERALL:While I've enjoyed Lichdom mostly throughout the whole game, I just had enough of it once I met the final boss. The game is WAY WAY TOO LONG, and I did played on a slightly hard game mode, tried to finish levels as fast as I could but honestly, this was my biggest con of the whole game.RECOMMENDATION:Well, you gotta enjoy a LONG game! But for all that I've mentioned, I cannot and will absolutely not be replaying this game for sure.And one last thing, if you do consider this game, get it at sale!"
76561198069887188,Recommended,261760,10080440,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,His Awesomeness The Bob,"This game is in a word: incredible. You start as a badass, and that how you feel throughout the game. You are a glass cannon, but on with infinite mana and no cooldown times. Its everything that makes magic great, but more flexible and... smooth. I cant think of a better game ive EVER played. Overall, id say get it no matter what. Dont wait for a release sale, your just delaying the awsome!"
76561198006565602,Recommended,261760,29639360,Posted: 1 February,all,Atonamos,"I think people are confused by the ideal of being a badaXX Mage.Are you a mage - YesAre you a spelling slinging badaxx-  YesAre you a God Mage - NoDo mages run into fights without a plan and live - NoAre Bosses, Boss - YesWill you die ever - YesCan you overcome - YesWill it take some thought and planning - Yes (Only if you want to win)Will it reguire patience - YesDo you have the machine to run it - Well do you?If you can make it past these points than you should be fine.  (Only if you like playing a MAGE)"
,Recommended,261760,11952353,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Apeiron,"A great first entry, beautiful to behold, and one that makes first-person magic combat look and feel like it should.  The crafting/synthesizing abilities also create a great deal of magic depth as you try to craft the most potent spells.  Spell combos are also sweet, making for massive damage.  Did I mention the eye candy?  The game is not just beautiful but it has atmosphere.  The game is linear, and may feel shallow in comparison to Skyrim, but it is a first entry and hopefully a sequel is in the works."
,Recommended,261760,9565201,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"Wow, is this ever exciting! Im really loving this concept. You are a really bada$$ mage. Typical fire and ice powers and youre able to craft new ones with the materials you find along the way. It runs on the Crysis engine and the graphics are staggering in thier beauty. For $20 you cant go wrong.EDIT*****A HUGE patch came out today,(5/28/14). I should say update. Just about everything has changed and for the better. There is anow a fleshed out story and a good one at that. Enemies are more varied and so are the locations. If you are a spellcaster or like being an OP badass get this game. Now."
,Recommended,261760,9564731,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"""Play the first game where the Mage is a total badass!"" and from what i have played, that's really true, great combat, and the graphics SFX are just great! one of the games i would buy now cheap instead of later even if you won't be playing it, worth it.More info at:http://www.ksalue.com/main/2014/03/game-shock-lichdom-battlemage/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7K8SJIhMpCU"
76561198064252115,Recommended,261760,13369867,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BossZW,"First of all, let's call a cat a cat. This game is an action game with rpg elements tied to the spells you get to learn and not to the character itsef. The gameplay is really close to what you find in  Quake or Doom, but this time around, you burn your ennemies, corrupt them, use them at your own will.Now, if that doesn't turn you around, go on and buy the game and enjoy it for what it is. Xaviant has done a really good job with Lichdom battlemage combat. And that's the game: a big, yet varied arena filled with hordes of ennemies coming at you with special effects, lightning and fire blazing everywhere. And yet, under this simplicity, lie a good crafting system that will make you want to loot for components to upgrade your spells, and most importantly, a soul. The game is like a good blockbuster - you won't get strong lines of dialogues, nor a deep story, but, you'll get one hell of a ride if you can enjoy a good chunk of pure action well executed. Bravo Xaviant! Can't wait to see your next time guys!"
76561197997404567,Recommended,261760,13415901,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sleepy Eric,"Hi, I'm Crow-Father and I used to be a guy that wrote lengthy reviews on games that I had only played for a few hours and quite possibly have never finished. This is one of them. So I'm going in and editing my over hyped reviews for games that I liked and trying to make them more realistic for the amount of time I sunk into them. Before I get to my review I want to remind readers that a gamer can only judge a game by his/her own experiences with said game. Don't just go by what others say about it, but do take it into consideration for a lot of people may have insight that you don't.Lichdom Battle mage is decent. It's not amazing, it's not aweful. That in itself makes it a little disappointing. Here's a game where your supposed to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥mage with almost no limitation on what you can do. Sad thing is your limited by sigils and swapping out crafted spells for stat differences. In my honest opinion I do believe the game suffers from trying to keep the RPG aspect a little too much. The crafting system wasn't really necessary and it gets tiresome to deal with. Swapping spells you can use like you would guns in FPS games makes sense so that was pretty solid. However I believe this game would have had a better time being like old Quake, Duke Nukem, Doom games where you picked up all the weapons in the game and scroll through them with the mouse wheel or switch using the num keys 1-7 (or 8 I can't remember how many sigils are in the game right now). I do like how you have different methods of firing off said spells, like using a fire ball single target attack or the area of effect attack. I also like that you can have a Ray of fire instead of a fire ball, or how the fire ball can explode on impact and do the maximum amount of damage or start burning a target over time based on what you crafted the spell to be like. That brings me to how spells could have been a little more interesting.Now I'm all for challenges and intricate game mechanics but this game feels like it couldn't decide on being an FPS fantasy game or an RPG. Now with that being said I still don't understand why every one compares it to skyrims magic mechanics and yes I have played the game. Anyway, like I said earlier about being like the old FPS games they should also take mechanics from games like Crysis and others that allow you to switch the fire mode of a rifle capable of being automatic to semi-auto to burst, with just a key stroke. The switching between fireball impact, fireball burning, and heat ray should have been simplified. I'm using the one spell as an example because I haven't unlocked Necromancy yet and there is another spell type I have that I don't wanna use as an explanation besides you start with the Fire sigil. However instead you have to go through this crafting system inventory that seems pretty cool at first but then become pretty tedious later on. I feel the crafting system should be replaced with a skill tree or skill trees that give bonuses and buffs to the players abilities when leveled and yes I know the crafting system was made so that you can switch things out and not be stuck with your choice by deconstructing spells but you could easily do that with a tree system where you just switch out what skills you want. Kinda like you can have one perk or the other activated at a time.The gameplay it self is pretty linear now where most may find that annoying I actually can see why it was necessary for this game. Besides it gives the chance to encounter really cool monsters and bosses... and stuff. Like I said trying to be realistic I think I've fought one boss and I can't remember who that was and the last time I played this game was a few months ago. The story isn't the most interesting but it's not dull either. Your characters motivation for wanting to kill the antagonist is simple. He killed your wife/sister (depending on gender choice) and a wizard type guy who has a history of showing up in times of stife (and also has a history with the dude to boot) revives you and turns you into a dragon. (Battlemage) Now I am actually intrigued with the story between the antagonist and the wizard guy, and there are these memory things that you find through out the game that give you some insight on the last dragon this wizard dude had. I have this weird feeling that your mentor isn't all what he's cracked up to be, but hey I need to beat the game to find that out.Ultimately I still recommend this game because I do really like it but it gets kind of repetitive and the crafting system is really bloody tedious. It's nice that it's not too open but it does have secrets to find. It's a little too linear and it would be more understandable if there was variety in gameplay but this game is reminiscent of a game where you do nothing but be involved with combat and moving forward. No back tracking or anything and from what I have seen so far no real puzzles to solve. Maybe wait for a sale but definitely check it out."
,Recommended,261760,13300746,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MegaRamos,"I purchased this game back when it was still in its alpha phase and til this day I will never regret that.This game has improved greatly and it's a very good game to play if you're a Wizard at heart.To those people out there who are similar to myself, loving Mages beyond all else, this game will be a wonder purchase to add to your gaming collection."
,Recommended,261760,13303120,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Theta,"I saw this game and it looked promising. One review related it to Serious Sam but with magic, and being a huge fan of Serious Sam I was sold. Let me say I am suitably impressed.The good:The gameplay is excellent. Very fast-paced and enjoyable, the controls are pretty responsive and I loved that there's controls for keyboard and for controllers.The game is beautiful, this place is screenshot heaven and the massive levels have such breathtaking and expansive environments. All of the spell effects are spectacular and the enemy design is excellent.The lore of the game is engaging and I love finding it scattered around for you to discover. Those were elements I greatly enjoyed in Metroid Prime and I think you guys could take some more notes from that and expand.The crafting system is complicated but I chose to forgo the Smart Crafting that does in automatically in favor or manually learning it, I had a blast making myself absurdly powerful and fine-tuning my build. Speaking of that...The difficulty is decent, it's not too hard but the game will kill you if you slack off or get complacent. It might come across to some that you're too powerful, but the entire point of this game is to make yourself a godlike figure and obliterate anyone foolish enough to cross you. However...The Bad:The developers relied a little too much on cheap abilities to make the enemies challenging. I understand that with someone so strong, it's challenging to think of ways to make enemies difficult without them just having ballooned up health or cheap abilities. That being said, the only thing that ever DID kill me was the cheap enemies. Now I've been gaming for over two decades and I've played a lot of RPGs so that's to be expected but still. I don't enjoy getting killed by being knocked prone and frozen solid in an endless cycle. I'll suck it up when I screw up and get killed, but the game always suffers if you die from stunlock.The world itself offers glimmerings of having the potential to be very deep and have flavorful NPCs with emotional and meaningful interactions but damn it guys it fell just short. I understand limitations and hope to see it better in the future, it's still great and promising but it could be so much more! There were parts of the story that I didn't get closure on.Overall:It's a great game for its price, this game is like the lovechild of Serious Sam and Path of Exile so if you've ever liked those games give this a try. Some people argue that the enemies get repetitive and while they could use more variety I think it's an unfair criticism of this game. It reminds me greatly of many good games I loved, it has a lot of replayability and you'll easily sink 30-50 hours into this game just clearing it once. I'd say that's worth its pricetag, given games these days offering half that for more price. It definitely has the replayability to offer 100+ hours, which very few games achieve even today."
,Recommended,261760,13303230,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Ar7ific1al,"If I were to describe Lichdom: Battle made in one word, it would be ""interesting.""How does it stack up?Lichdom: Battlemage is unlike any other game I've played. No other game I've played with a mage gives the mage such tremendous power. I love RPGs, and I love Skyrim, but none of the RPGs I've played really give the mage much to work with. Yeah, you have many spells on Skyrim to play with. But you can't do anything interesting as a mage, really, so I don't tend to use magic at all.Overall, I think Lichdom: Battlemage is a really interesting experience to which not many games can be compared. It isn't so much that this game is ""better"" than others; it's more that this game is interesting and different in its own rite.The GoodThis game puts your mage in the ultimate seat of power. There is no real penalty for death, that I can tell. You are free to do as you please, mostly. See a ledge? Wonder what's at the bottom? Jump off and see! If you die, you just respawn with no penalty.The game really does reward exploration quite well. There are various areas throughout that your ""spirit eagle"" would have you miss. So don't just blindly follow where the game tells you to go! Explore the path less traveled and you might find yourself quickly gathering strong and/or rare components for spell crafting.The crafting system is also interesting. I started the game twice. The first time, I didn't touch the ""Custom Inventory"" and just stuck with the ""Smart Inventory"" as I just wanted to play the game and see what it was like. I stopped after I completed the first mission. The second time, however, I jumped into the Custom Inventory as soon as I could to see what I could do with it. I soon found myself trying every possible combination of components and spells to see what I could craft. The crafting system alone adds a whole new level of depth to the game, and it is quite enjoyable. It's a bit of a learning curve, though, so be prepared.The BadThe controls might be a bit difficult to get used to. At first, you might not realize you can't jump. I found myself trying to jump and crouch as soon as I was able to move around, but found I could not. But don't worry, the spacebar allows you to zip forward in space a little. This becomes a bit difficult as you try out different shield types. Timing is very easy to mess up with the jump.Spellcasting feels a little slow at times. When you tap your mouse button to cast a fireball, you don't expect it to charge up a little bit before casting, you expect it to just do it. You quickly learn this is not the case, and learn to lead your shots. Missile shots appear to home in on targets, though, so it isn't that big a deal unless the target moved behind an obstacle and obstructed the path.The tutorial videos showcase various abilities as you go along, and some of them use spells that you don't have. An early example is the use of the ice sigil, which showcases an ice missile spell which you don't receive when you unlock the ice sigil. Instead, you receive an ice ""ray"" spell, which you must continuously cast similar to the frost and flame spells from Skyrim. These spells you have to craft in order to use.Final VerdictThis game is very interesting. It's made more for ""guts and glory"" than anything else. You're given such a badass mage role so you can finally tear things up as a mage instead of swinging around your weapons wildly. Have fun with your spells. Throw fireballs all over the place and see what happens. You might be surprised!I certainly was when I realized you could burn the grass. :)"
76561198040861565,Recommended,261760,13304939,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,sgt.santa,"Invoker simulator, except with more boom and even more spells."
,Recommended,261760,13221166,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Fap Pack,No clue why this game doesn't have a bit more hype than it does. Pretty fun and love how customizable spell combos are.
76561197960441131,Recommended,261760,13253760,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Cereal Guy,"Xaviant did some pioneering here and if you are the kind of guy who always picks the mage class you should give Lichdom a try by all means.But know that this game has an overall unfinished taste and needs a good portion of polishing before it can really shine:The crafting UI needs some work for it is pretty inconvenient and the documentation has some severe lacks.Throughout the game you will see many visual effects that are not explained in any way and if you want to know what is going on you will need to search the internet for information.By the time i got the hang of how to play i was halfway through the story and even after finishing the game there are a few question marks left.Still, if you work your way through the learning part, fireballs are flying and magic is all over the place, the gameplay can be pretty satisfying and fun.Lets just hope other games will pickup the good parts of Lichdom Battlemage and refine it into a truly kickass game.Maybe Lichdom 2 :)"
,Recommended,261760,13285784,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TSI| CAFFIEND,Assuming they fix some of the minor bugs and keep working hard on this... this will probably be my favorite spell caster game ever..
76561197960275516,Recommended,261760,13287603,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,rek,"I like this game and steam says I've got 15 hours into it already. It's not a super amazing game that you need to play at full price. I'm not sure I'd recommend it for $40, but if you like being a badass mage and killing stuff it's definitely worth picking up on sale. I'd rate it as a good value at $20 or less, and an obvious choice at the current 70% off sale. My primarily complaint about the game would be that it's linear and repetitive - experimenting with spells and combos is fun but you'll get bored quick if you're not constantly trying out new things."
,Recommended,261760,13287853,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Spanners,"Ever wanted to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥mage with loads of spells, and not have to worry about things like mana or getting killed in 1 hit? This is the game for you! Tons of spells, loads of enemies, and no messing around waiting for power to regen or running out of stamina. Just lots of explosions and strange magical effects."
76561198088621031,Recommended,261760,13323903,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Awoz,"As one that has always loved playing mage in RPGs and other games, this is like a gift from the heavens, or at least in theory.Don't get me wrong, I have loved every second of this game so far, from the slaughtering of helpless undead to defeating powerful bosses and learning the rich crafting system.However, the game does indeed have some flaws.The combats is, although fast paced and good looking, kinda repetitive. You don't get bored, but it's not varying battles or something like more open world games. Here you got 3 spells and then 2-3 variations of them, depending on your spell-setup.Also,the variety of enemies isn't that great. You usually (as far as I've come in the game) just face off against some skeletons, zombies or the cultists that control them. The only exception is bosses and mini-bosses.But enough about the bad, focus on what's great!The graphics and setting of the world is stunningly beautiful, with varied environments and views.It's actually fun to craft once you start getting the hang of the system in use, and there are great posibilities here. Sure, I don't know it all yet, but I'm getting there!And of course it's always a pleasure to burn your enemies to death in a great blast, only to raise them as your loyal servants the next moment!All in all I highly reccomend it for most people. It is story-driven and kinda narrowed down, so if an open world is your highest wish, this might not be for you though.This is how mages should be, always badass!"
76561197978832999,Recommended,261760,13372570,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hunter,"I only have a few hours in this game so far but it seems like a pretty good game, there is an unexplained freezing crash occasionally but mostly the game plays smooth. Not picking up traditional rpg loot takes a bit of getting used to but being able to use pickups to customise your spells (although slowly) is pretty cool. Kudos to the developer for making a nice game."
76561198149658920,Recommended,261760,14023927,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Brody271,If you like being a mage( like myself) then this is the best game for you. I have never played a mage style game that maks ytou feel as powerful yet is still challenging. 10/10 most insanely awesome mage ever
,Not Recommended,261760,14346828,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Borde,"The spells are incredibly basic in nature and you don't actually have the ability to create the wildest spells of your dreams, as you might expect. Lots of minmaxing stats to make sure you are playing optimally - which is not fun.Several times I have also fell into pitfalls that are really hard to see with all the spell effects going on (and because the pitfall is not very noticeable) which is incredibly infuriating.Overall verdict: Not worth it."
,Recommended,261760,20825612,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,LiaraRaziela,"The game is hard to understand for those not used to strategic gameplay, crafting to upgrade etc. The game mechanics are not brilliant. There are glitches here and there. This game is very difficult to run even on builds of high specs (I have two gaming machines an i7+nvidia on 12GB RAM and an FX8350+r9.290x) and both systems struggle the same way I suppose the Witcher games prove challenging for most systems, which partly impact the gameplay experience. The story is disappointing and not so engaging but as my first time playing a strategic game its a decent experience."
,Recommended,261760,13314261,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Punished Bump,"Open C:\Users\Username\Saved Games\Lichdom Battlemage\game.cfg and add the following lines.i_mouse_smooth = 0i_mouse_accel = 0Bam, you just made this game go from 0/10 to 8.5/10.On that note, imagine a mix between Skyrim's magic system and Borderland's loot system. It works pretty nice.8.7/10"
76561198018885520,Recommended,261760,13824874,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Necrotech_Master,"this game was very enjoyable to play through and i thoroughly enjoy the spellcrafting system.  the badass difficulty was a pleasant challenge, but can be easily overcome by purely focusing on destruction spells instead of control or mastery (control is actually extremely bad for badass difficulty as it causes enemies to enrage and makes them immune to dmg unless you do a galvanized block)i personally enjoyed using a combination of fire, corruption, and necromancy spell lines. but intent to work on all of them for the various achievements"
,Recommended,261760,13730019,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Grimby,"I'm a mage. Mageing around. Mage, mage, mage, mage, mage."
,Recommended,261760,13701018,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,-WAR-,"I highly enjoy this game I bought it on ""cyber"" weekend and played it for almost a month straight I was trying to decide between this and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim I ended up buying both and I played this one more due to the focused magic I felt that this game allowed you to do more with even basic spells and thats reasonable I mean The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim wasn't made to be a game revolving around their mage-like mechanics they allowed you to choose so instead of having really good mage mechanics they have mediocre mage, melee and archer mechanics which can make for some fun gameplay but tedious quickly where as Lichdom has focused mage mechanics so the gameplay can last for hours upon hours even after defeating the campaign.  I can only hope that they create a sequel and expand upon the power of the mage. Because I love this one and as long as they listen to their fans they will make another great game with the lichdom name.Edited on 1/1/15 Due to errors so kindly pointed out by raging jacka*ses."
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,261760,13678364,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"Amazingly repetitive gameplay gets very boring very fast. The supposed endless item combinations is a joke. There only seem to be 2 or 3 augments or shapes for each type of spell. Only 3 possible projectile shapes so far, same with AoE spells. Gameplay is much more linear than I was expecting. All of my chosen Sigils seem to have become almost completely ineffective 2 hours in even when I manage to pull off combos with 2 or all 3 of my Sigils. Spell charging takes way too long to be effective if enemies get close and non-charged spells do nothing.This game was also a letdown graphically. The recommended system requirements led me to expect a Skyrim quality game but this looks quite dated compared to other games released recently."
76561198015206516,Recommended,261760,13727550,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Calvin,"Maybe, considering I payed $10 i'm satisifed with the game!For $40 though, you might be dissapointed.StoryYou play as a enraged basketball player and try to defeat Shaq O'neil.As you progress through each arena, you aquire new MAGIC which allows you to fight.Will you be able to make 1000's of spells? Who knows. Their are 8 sigils, with 3 different spells each.I used at least 24 spells. Make that 16 because I never learned how to use nova spells.WITH THAT OUT OF THE WAY HERE IS MY ACTUAL REVIEW OF THIS GAME. BELOW.The game crashed about 3 times for me. I'll come back to it sometime.The gameplay is somewhat repetetive after a while. It feels like fighting waves of the same enemies for some reason it feels like Painkiller with magic to me.But its fun, their are 8 different sigils which are basically elements. These include lightning, necromancy, fire, ice, etc.I played through with the necromancy, fire, and telekenesis sigils. Which was quite a combination.You have 3 different types of spells, AoE, targeted, and nova (Which after 4 hours I never learned how to use and I don't see it explained in any of the tutorials.Things I like about this game -It's expansiveAlot of combatVariety of spells to use, if you dig into the crafting system there's quite a bit of variety.Things I don't likeThe bosses are really strong, they have ridiculous amounts of health.You find spells that work against them and spam them, while killing extra enemies that spawn.The difficulties ARE BROKEN. They range from casual to Badass dificulty. I played on all of these dificulties and the differences between each are slim at least at the time of my playing. The boss I was stuck on I changed the difficulty from battlemage to casual, and he still had the same amount of health and did the same damage.It seems the same even with enemies. Throughout all the dificulties enemies seemed to die just as easy, and I took high damage regardless.The enemy variety is okay, but as far as I am into the game I would like to see more.You fight undead, soldiers, armored soldiers, undead mages that fly around and cast shields.The other enemies include cultists, some ranged monks and a slower mage basically.For $40 get ready for some repetetive gameplay, maybe some crashes.On a sale, I could definetly reccomend this game alot easier.This is a solid game, I would reccomend it to anyone that likes ALOT of combat.The story is here, it's told by these rifts that you find throughout the game which basically tell the past."
76561198143774290,Recommended,261760,13299151,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Lichformed,I have played this game for a hour or more now great game I just have some framerate issues even when my settings are low. (I'm trying to fix that) othervise the game is amazing and has one of the best Combo/Overkill mechanics ever. 8/10 for now.
,Recommended,261760,13996839,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ser Scratch,"If you have ever wanted to be a badass mage then this is definitly the game for you. It is very challenging and rewarding if you take the time to master it, but at the same time it is infuriating at times. With some really bad checkpoints and bosses that seem to be impossible. And the game feels too long, since you do the same thing over and over.The only thing that makes the game recover from this is the excellent crafting system, which is suprisingly deep, although I would like a few more spell types. When you reach the higher levels and unlock the synegy spells it really gets awesome.Definitly worth the money. And impressive considering it is an indie game. Definitly a pretty game!"
,Recommended,261760,14107947,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,dancesintheruins,"Bad: linear storyline, kind of repetitive levels, inscrutable crafting system.Good: visually impressive, just plain NIFTY environments, terrific sound effects, boss fights that are challenging, but not overwhelming and ultimately satisfying. Voice acting is pretty decent as well.Recommended for fans of Doom, Heretic, Hexen. Good, old-school spell shooting.Wouldn't mind seeing a sequel or expansion of this game."
,Recommended,261760,14172536,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,SIGSEGV | I - 705,"graphic render on this games is undoubtedly magnificent judging from its engine. the game mechanic is also not bad though you have unlimited mana. yet this game is very fun. you can unleash your rage and your excessive stress after working the whole day. yes, i personally managed to unleash the stress on this game and get fun."
,Not Recommended,261760,13734500,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,retakrew7,"I expected more variation in the spells you craft, but the spell crafting system is really hollow.Gameplay is way too linear."
76561198069032728,Recommended,261760,13410802,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,The Back Seat,"SOOOOOOOOOO MANY COLOOOOOOORS!!!I don't know why this has gotton any bad reviews, this game is like it says ""POWERFULLY BADASS"". You just have to get the hang of it. Pretty much my favorite indie game. 5/5 StarsOh and by the way, try using smart inventory to craft your spells. It's alot easier, and will prevent you from running into enemies that you'll do absolutly ZERO damage to."
,Recommended,261760,13890099,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lowe Gule,"The best game for a mage lover. I wish Skyrim Magic system were like this. At first I thought I was overwhelmed by complex terminology and confusing combat (magic) system. Then I read the Guide, the Official one. After reading the guide, I realized that it's not that hard. It's a good game that you will really enjoy after reading and watching the tutorials.I could say if you are a lazy ORC, just play other game that require no extensive knowledge of the game system."
,Not Recommended,261760,15331534,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,il Duderoni,"Lichdom suffers from it's own design.The premise is simple. Design your own spells using the parts received by killing in combat. Easy enough, right?There's even a Smart Craft systen in place if you can not be arsed to deal with the more complicated crafting system.Only... the game punishes you, especially on harder difficulties, for not doing so. In fact, trying to learn and experiment is never really encouraged because your resources are finite and the new elements you unlock start with weakly powered versions.It's incredibly disappointing to find out a certain element doesn't work together well with the others. Which makes choosing them (an irreversible choice) all the more disappointing. Guess you'll have to suffer through your terrible build for another chapter and see if you can get lucky!Now, truth be told, that issue could be alleviated with proper information. But at the time of writing, Googling answers for specific questions is absolutely ineffective. The best you can find is the same articles explaining the basics of the game you already know. I get it, charge up damage with the one skill and activate it all with a damage skill. BUT WHAT DOES THE SKULL DO? (apparently the Necromancy's skull, will fully negate any damage during block for a period, a fresh steam guide had to inform me of that)If you want a game where you can mindlessly be a mage, this game is not for you. It's not ""Skyrim 2, the linear hallway shooter.""Sticking to the classic setup will not carry you, even if you use Smart Cast to upgrade the levels. (which is a huge waste of resources by the way)No, instead you need to figure out the best synergies with, again, too few information on any of them. And the information provided often proves confusing. The game simply makes poor work of conveying the information regarding it's mechanics.Fine, you start experimenting. Hey, some combinations work and some elements are interesting in concept. It's like the game wants to reward you for thinking for yourself!Only, they barely prove to be viable when the combat really gets heated. Which can suddenly happen, as well.You'll be pitted against Bosses and Minibosses that, for some reason, are perfectly capable of withstanding your combo. Freeze is ineffective, Fire doesn't do enough damage... Meanwhile their skills overpower you and you can't figure out why you can't even dodge them.The excuse that is being made then, when complaining about the bosses, is that you can actually easily beat these bosses with SPECIFIC COMBATIONS. This goes against the idea that you can craft any combation of spells in this game. Yes, you can craft them, but very few will be viable on long term and you won't even realize your combination is faulty until you've respawned 10 times wondering if you're just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dodger.The game really doesn't inform you well on HOW you died either, or what is to blame. Just that you took enough damage (or with some cleary overpowered enemies, just take ONE hit right as they spawn) and died. You can't even look around for a final glimpse.The lack of information, more than anything, is what infuriates me. It took me five respawns (not counting the respawns just trying to get to that point) to realize that it was a huge worm spawning in a direction I never was looking in, spitting it's insanely powered, slowing goop. Leaving me up as prey for the crocodile-like creatures to be chewed on and knocked back. Dear God, I shudder at the idea of being knocked back AND frozen at the same time.Lichdom: Battlemage has an insanely interesting concept and completely falls flat on executing it by making only a specific set of combinations strong enough to take on anything. That counters creativity, a game that shamelessly says it WANTS you to create and experiment. What use are a 100 combinations when only 2 work?The worst thing is, in some cases it's just the default spells being underpowered and you just need to craft a better version. But when that's not the case, you just wasted resources on an element that you won't end up using anyway, and have to go back to your slightly underpowered elements you were using before. Praying some enemies may drop some Rare parts that you can use. It's not fun to constantly die just to pick up scraps. Especially considering that dying once will reset the rarity chance, meaning that once you start losing, you'll have to get lucky or scrape by.Storywise... It's nothing to write home about. You can pick between a male or a female. The character, then nicknamed Dragon, gets wronged by an Antagonist and is joined by a the other charater now nicknamed Gryphon.Then you go on a tour of destruction through several settings while the plot dumbs down to ""follow the trail to your target and kill them at the end"".If you can deal with constantly respawning with no satisfaction or feeling of progress, the game might be worth it. Yes, indeed, the crafting is interesting and it's probably a lot of fun on the easiest difficulty where efficiency doesn't matter a single bit. Doubt it'll be challenging or satisfying.But if you want to get serious and play a harder difficulty, you'll need information that's poorly conveyed and hard to find on your own.What use is innovation if it's poorly implemented."
76561198014405118,Recommended,261760,13539018,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Dudemeister,"This is a really cool game, but it's also disappointing. On one hand, the concept is awesome: be a mage that's actually a badass. But the execution is a bit lacking, because you don't exactly feel like a badass. This feels like a solid first game in a series, but therein lies the problem: you feel like you'd be best off waiting for a sequel that fixes the problems.For starters, you can only cast one spell at a time, which effectively eliminates all real experimentation with combining spells. Sure, you can (for example) freeze an enemy with an ice AOE then switch to a fireball and blow them up with flames, but it feels slow and sorta clunky. That example process which would take a fraction of a second in a game like Skyrim instead takes a full 2-3 seconds or so to execute. This rather slow-feeling casting system, combined with the oftentimes exorbitant amounts of health of enemies, means that in my few hours of play so far, I've spent most of that time kiting enemies and repeatedly throwing a lightning ball in their faces. Yes, it's absolutely awesome at first, but then the repetitiveness starts to set in. I spent an hour and a half doing nothing but kiting enemies and throwing my fireball-equivalent spell at them and repeating. Offense is pretty much just a test of your ability to backpedal without running into things while spamming your basic direct attack.Defense isn't a lot different. There are three primary types of shields in the game; I've thus far really used only one, the 'agile' shield. It has the fastest recharge speed and enables you to dodge infinitely. Dodging is done via teleporting a few feet instantaneously. But while I've only used one shield type for any real period of time, I don't think any of the others would be worth using in terms of in-game efficiency. Mashing the 'dodge' button and spamming attacks makes every fight a cakewalk, it's simply a matter of time before any group of enemies dies, oftentimes without even hitting you. The few basic enemy types have a nearly impossible time connecting with any attacks when you're dodging constantly. I've yet to die from a single standard non-boss encounter playing on the 3rd of 4 difficulty levels ('the intended difficulty for Lichdom: Battlemage').This game is also extremely linear. Not every game needs to be an open-world sandbox like GTA or Assassin's Creed, but this feels almost like Medieval Fantasy Hallway Simulator 2014. You walk straight ahead, occasionally explore a short, basic side route, then continue trudging forward. It's sorta like Frodo and Sam in the Return of the King trudging towards Mordor and Mount Doom, except you don't have hairy feet and you can blow skeletons up with fireballs. There is nothing extra to do aside from kill whatever's in your path; there is one type of 'chest' per level that you can destroy for extra spell components, but that is it. The closest things to collectibles are journal entries you can pick up that you don't really care about. I'm all for games that are pretty linear (Call of Duty singleplayer, Max Payne, Shadow Warrior, stuff like that), but this is a little too much.It might seem like I hate this game. I don't. I'm just disappointed in it. It had the potential to be one of the coolest, most different games of the year in my opinion, and it turned out...decent. The magic crafting system is really cool (if slightly confusing at first), the concept behind the combat is amazing, and it is fun to throw fireballs into a skeleton's face. I just wish it didn't feel so repetitive in so many ways. I hesitantly recommend buying this game, but not at full price. I don't feel like I'll get $40 of enjoyment out of it, but that's okay, because I WILL have enough fun to justify the $13.60 I paid for it. If you want to play something different with a great concept, go ahead and grab this for $20 or less. If you want flawless execution of a concept, pass. I'd give this a 6.5/10."
,Not Recommended,261760,29962436,Posted: 16 February,all,stanleyyeo,"It is okay, but then the game is a bit annoying such that there are few save points, so if you die you have to start battling many enemies from the last checkpoint. Yes, it is a challenging game but then if we can save then it will be better. There are  too many monsters to battle and the game is lacking of RPG elements other than the spellcrafting element."
,Recommended,261760,13751177,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,gamewiz1,"I can say for certain that this is one of the most fun games I've played in a long time, and I'm only a few hours into it.  The action gets intense, and when you get to fight big boss battles, it's amazing how your guy can maneuver around and take giants down.  It isn't the fastest kills, but they are intense, and some of the most impressive visuals on any RPG at the moment.  I have a R9 295x2, and maxed out settings, this baby is buttery smooth.  If you want to play something different, but oddly familiar, then give this game a try, you'll be glad that you did.  It feels good to ditch the mana bar;) And at this price, you’d be crazy not to snatch it up right away!"
76561198057388588,Recommended,261760,13810858,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gdsgft920,"Lichdom is fun and challenging, the crafting of spells and spell combinations adds infinite options to how you want to play. However, the enemies lack diversity so when you find a combination of spells that works there really isnt any reason to change them. I enjoy that you get to be a badass mage, and you do feel powerful in your encounters. The game is missing something, and its hard to put my finger on it. I really look forward to a sequel, but i would recommend this game as it is now. The dev team keeps upating and patching the game to make improvements which is great to see the pride and care they have taken to make this game the best it can be by addressing mistakes such as balance issues. This is a good game that i really enjoyed my time with and will revisit for at least one more playthrough. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,261760,13845414,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Megakoresh,"I bought this one on sale for less than 10€ and really dodged a bullet - for not wasting more on this absolute tat of a game.This is by far the worst mage game I have seen in a very long time, it makes every mistake a game designer possibly could make.To start with the player is extremely weak. Bosses will kill you in 3 hits and average enemies will spam you down in about 10, which equals ~2 seconds of taking damage. You are meant to use your pathetic 3m long lodges (only 3 of them every 10 seconds or so) or your shield, which slows you down to a crawl (considering you already move at the speed of a drunk snail, this is basically stationary), and blocks 50% damage at most. You can counter attacks by timing the shield, but as you are being attacked by 8+ enemies simultaneously, that is as useful as a rowboat in an ocean. With no paddles.Furthermore there is zero variety in gameplay. You can choose between different colours for your spells but if you think this crafting system is gonna turn your kinetic AoE into a gravity well that pulls enemies inwards, that you can shock for some crazy combo? No. You can prime enemies with any element, using Mastery or Control attunement (very logical), and then use any Destruction charged spell to detonate. Damage is not controlled by how well you use the spells, but rather by the stats on them. And stats it has. You will collect hundreds of blobs that add the glorious ""+11% fapping time"" to you jerk off spell. So in the end you will end up with a spell that takes half a screen to display it's stats, but is the same fireball as that other one you had. It just pumps out bigger numbers.Then also the enemies are all exactly the same. Melee guys, ranged guys and support guys. They mindlessly charge at you using their enormous health to tank your ""Ultramega testosterone-powered oldspiceguy glorious battlespells"" like it was nothing. Average fighting time is around 5-10 minutes per area (well, sometimes its 2 minutes, but feels like 10, because you always do the same thing), and if you die, you get set back half a level and have to do all the spam all over again. Every fight is basically kiting the enemies as they charge at you. No combos, no skill, or tactic will make it go any faster. Stats might, once you grind enough, but why would you?Of course this is a railroaded magic FPS and has no story to speak of (well none that would make you care anyway). I was told the woman is being voiced by some big celebrity. I am told I should care. I can't find a reason why. Basically you get screwed over by a cult and go off to kill hordes of the same bad guys because revenge and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mostly♥♥♥♥♥♥though.If you are thinking of buying this for the story, don't. If you are thinking of buything this game for crafting, don't. If you are thinking of buying this to feel like a badass mage that sets up the whole arena for a combo and nukes the ♥♥♥♥ out of everyone with one gloriously timed combo, absolutely don't. If you are thinking of buying this game for the visuals, then yeah. It does look good. I guess graphics is all their talent and focus went into. This is the worst and weakest I have felt as a mage in many many years. This game does the exact opposite of what it advertises."
76561197984899141,Recommended,261760,24072242,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Flinch,"First of all! There is now a difficulty slider! The lack of one was among the biggest complaints about this game.Now that is covered.Pros:1. This is basically a newer version of Heretic. (if you don't know what heretic is, it is amazing, go do your homework [and get dos box])2. Awesome spell crafting3. Completely original inexhaustible magic user idea that makes you feel genuinely like a bad @#%, as promised4. Very beautiful scenery and spell effectsCons:1. If not for fast travel, the game is completely linear. Which isn't the biggest deal cause you are here to kill and spell craft, not to enjoy walking from town to town.2. Story is only so-so... Which isn't the biggest deal cause you are here to kill and spell craft, not to play a visual novel3. The biggest deal is that combat is not the off the chain best I've ever had, though it is still very fun to anchor and blitz something with a critical that pops it like a zit. It could've incorporated more 3d aspects or more interaction in melee, but not bad at all.Now, most importantly this game is about crafting spells. If you enjoy working on how a spell functions and toying with just how much of what a spell does you will probably enjoy this game. This is the most important and fundamental part of this game. This is kinda the thing, where you should probably decide if you like personalizing spells or if you probably won't like this game."
76561198078579647,Not Recommended,261760,33850437,Posted: 28 July,all,Jhemp12,"The story is ok but the levels are far too long and the mobs are very annoying. The game gets very boring and repetitive after a while. I stopped playing although I was interested in the story, however, I could not force myself to go on. It takes hours to make it through 1 level and it's not because the level is interesting. There are just so many packs of boring and tedious mobs you have to fight through."
,Recommended,261760,11405862,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Astwook,"Still a few teething issues, but loads of fun nd a hell of a challenge."
76561198000565699,Recommended,261760,11963284,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,DynaTheCat,"Mindblowingly fun and really good graphics, spell craft system, and voice actors. OMGEH D:"
76561198048012668,Recommended,261760,11960982,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,shadowsquad224,One of the most epic games ever the story is awesome and I'm so drawn into it no mana just straight crafting and fighting and strategy; I cant wait to finish this to see if the male story is different then the female I'm currently playing
,Recommended,261760,12085755,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Rare1000,Brilliant. Still a few bugs to sort out buut an awsome game. Battle system is refreshingly diffrent
76561198006578878,Recommended,261760,12059697,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,LN-Omega,"Some people say the Spellcrafting system is unoriginal and hollow. It is my belief they have not really delved into it and tried that many combinations. In addition to that, there are more to the spell types you can use (Sigils) than shooting differently colored fireballs or area of effect explosions.Your spells are divided into three categories. Nova, AOE and Targetted and Shields.Novas are explosions that center around you that occur when you block attacks in the nick of time (counters, really) or, with certain types of shields, when you blink on enemies.Targetted spells come in the Missile, Ray or Lob variety. Missiles are projectiles, rays behave more like breaths, being cones of energy, and lobs are like grenades.Your AOE come in the basic area of effect explosion, traps and patches that deal damage over time or apply an effect for the duration of the spell.Your shields dictate how your block behave, whether you can quick-blink or not and how much damage they block and hp they add.Now all that is just for the basic ""mechanics"" for your spells, every single type of spells does something different and synergizes accordingly with the other sigils, of which you can carry only 3 but can do some godlike stuff if you study the system a bit and NOT JUST chuck stuff at enemies. For example, you can charge enemies with ""stored"" damage from a Lightning AOE and then unleash it all at once with a critical hit (guaranteed if you charge your AOE or Missiles). BUT you can also stack that with breaking free a frozen enemy for more damage, so you could, say, throw a AOE Ice spell on top of that and finish the combo with a quick charged Fire projectile. You just need to craft your spells carefully and wait a bit till you get proper materials, and then you'll suddenly find that your character can indeed be a mighty mage.Now if you're not convinced, here's a spoiler. At the point I'm at (not too far really) I can Synergize Fire with Corruption, and Ice and Fire. Synergy comes from spells above the Legendary Tier, given from fusing (Upgrading) three Legendaries together. What these synergies let me do is, essentially, summon a FIRE GIANT and a tornado of FIRE AND ICE to basically, clear whatever it is I'm fighting at the moment. I don't fell badass, I feel like LIVING GOD. Just play the game, think your♥♥♥♥♥♥through and you'll get there too!TL;DR: The real attraction to this game is the Magic system, but you need to try and learn it and wait till you get at least some decent crafting materials before you can use some good spells, but once you get there you're not a Wizard, you're a God."
,Recommended,261760,11970260,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Mismembered,"This game is an first-person Action Roleplaying Spellcasting Crafting Game.And its great.You've got to think about how your spells interact with each other, and how to best take advantage of each sigil.Here's something that should be noted, cuz I've seen a lot of people annoyed about it.You can only have 3 sigils equipped at a time, and you can  only level 3 spells. But the spells equipped don't have to be the ones you are leveled in. This lets you test out sigils without losing the levels you've put into other sigils. Its a tenuous balace between encourageing experimentation, and rewarding consinstent use of a sigil.The crafting is very very deep, and they could have done a better job explaining some of the aspects of it.Mastery, especially is an extremely important part of spells that the game does very little to explain.As far as i can figure, Masterty, is a debuff that casts to other enemys in a radius of the opponent hit with a mastery spell. Mastery also stores and stacks damage to the target.It definitly has the feel of a wiki game at times, but the game is very fun.If you're the kind of person that complained that Shadow Warrior was only about killing enemys, then you probably won't like this game either.Lichdom's focus is on the combat and crafting. But it does it very very well.I've got 2 hrs in so far, and am enjoying the hell out of this.If something comes up, then I'll append it."
76561198021244434,Recommended,261760,11987018,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Pim,Fantastic gameplay and graphics.
,Recommended,261760,11963758,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Justincredible,This is a top notched FPS. The combat is intuitive and really has you thinking on your toes. A refreshing alterantive to what is crrently available.
76561198037293903,Recommended,261760,11940945,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Zotesco,"This game is just SOOOOOOOOO good. The bosses are strong and OP. It was really worth buying in the alpha, 10/10."
,Recommended,261760,11961804,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,CptBananaBits,"Extremely addictive combat but nt the best story in the game. However this wasn't enough to make me want to stop playing, as the craving for new types of magic was just too much. Very satisfying game, highly reccomended for anyone that loves magic based game play."
76561198138308248,Recommended,261760,12038545,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,rnbdillon,"excellent game if you like skyrim. Intro helps but the upgrade spell system is difficult to grasp in the beginning. It is all explained but when you have a system that provides that much customization it requires some time to master. Also it can become difficult fast if you choose to chase the side quests (green crystals, floating green crystals with  4 orbs attached, etc) with the first playthrough. Very fun game overall and good combos to try."
,Recommended,261760,10714088,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Reean,"I first saw t his game through a link to some gameplay from a friend. I can say that I wasn't too impressed by it at all. But that all changed when I decided to buy the game. I can tell you that this game is very addicting. Even though I've only played it for 1 hour, I can tell that I won't be stopping anytime soon. The spell crafting is so well made and diverse that you can get lost in creating new spells! The gameplay is pretty darn amazing too. The game has it's bugs, yes, but that's because it's still in Alpha and has a long way to go.I would rate this game a 9 out of 10 in it's current state, and I hope that says something!"
,Recommended,261760,11415730,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,i love the work on it can do,"yo, is that clancy mother♥♥♥♥ing brown and jennifer hale?This game is gonna be great."
76561198017283725,Recommended,261760,9740562,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Stabby,"For an early access game it looks pretty well put together, great gameplay, really nice theme, a bit challenging(which i like) Has a few glitches, but that's what you can expect from an early access. I've always wanted a game like this and here it is, can't wait till they add more to it. Would be cool if you could mix your powers together i.e Fire/ice."
76561198048762727,Recommended,261760,9943423,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Sondrex76,"The game is realy good and it does absolutly make you feel like a BADASS BATTLEMAGE OF DOOM :)It is wery well made, you can choose your fighting style, how you want to teleport and everything! personaly i choose a shield that let me teleport without limit, but that won't let you block so...There are a lot of custamazation, there are several types of each spell and even legendary spell components and other badass stuff!I reccomend anywone that likes to play as a mage in games to buy and try this out, it is so worth the money!"
76561197978173539,Recommended,261760,10085923,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lumpy,For a game in alpha this is incredibly polished. Great graphics. It's enjoyable and delivers in terms of playability. Some more help on the crafting system would be nice (tutorials that look like they're not yet implemented but presumeably will be).
,Recommended,261760,9677426,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Benedict,"Early alpha: 2014.03.30.The best offense is a good defense.I really like Lichdom, now that Ive stopped trying to play it like every other FPS/FPSim out there, and am treating it as a first person fighting game, using the block and blink abilities as the devs intended. Its become very tactical, blinking in to cause maximum damage form the exit nova, countering (not blocking) to interrupt enemies and nova them, hammering with spells while enemies are stunned and then blinking through to dodge the next attack while positioning to get behind and hit them again with another exit nova.Its still early alpha (nowhere near feature complete) but its great gameplay, nice spell upgrading depth (think merging gems/shards from action RPGs - shall I use this now, or combine it for something potentially better later?), and the graphics are certainly very nice. Im very pleased to buy this game now and to support its development, its got loads of promise, and its already delivering."
76561198060062641,Recommended,261760,9682153,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,SomeRandomGuy,"I've only played a little bit of this game. It is really awesome so far, but I don't want to get too far into it and spoil the final build story line."
,Recommended,261760,9688658,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ra_mull,"I'm on the fence about this one. I think the idea is spectacular, but the execution leaves me wanting a lot more. To attack you use the left mouse button, right mouse button, or a combination of holding them down. It's not that innovative, but it looks good. It doesn't run great, but it is in alpha. I have high hopes for this game, but I'm not sure how it will play out. I keep reading it's suppose to be a *shooter*, well being a magic user doesn't really lend itself to being a shooter. Not to be an awesome mage who drops lava from the sky to melt both enemies and land alike. A shooter is fast, instant even. A mage, they have to cast spells and shouldn't be able to just drop the moon from the sky to crush all the opponents at the flick of the wrist. Keep an eye on this one, it could go either way. I hope it's in the right direction. My recommendation is up in the air still. So I don't want to give it a *no* just yet."
,Recommended,261760,10143817,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ChaoticZDH,Amazing.....and its early access? well if your wondering is it any good let me point out this game as is better then many AAA titles. Thats as is. The combat is exciting with many twists and ways to change how your spells react. This game is massive and if you like wizard type of combat i dont think you will be disappointed. Just amazing!Spells impact npc...slow knockback control....theres so many ways to expand your spells by crafting new ones and also creating new spells from old. I highly recommend.
76561198006986338,Recommended,261760,13585098,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cowkiller,"a quite fun game.  takes a bit to  learn  what does what and what not  to use as a main attack.if u like magic from skyrim then u love this game !!8.2 scoregame has  a intresting storytraps ,pit fallsorange  globs on the roof thare are killable2 story  lines  one male  one female"
,Not Recommended,261760,21259384,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Abathur,"Wasn't what I expected when I bought it.Game play is repetetive - VERY REPETETIVE -. You simply go here and there and use monotone spells with no real creativity.Story line is good enough and plot is good. That's about the only thing that made me play the game actualy.Maps are very big and usualy that should be a good thing. BUT!!!! Check point system is rather a pain. The distance between is long and you will have to walk all over if you die. (And kill people again... I'm all for it actualy, if it wasn't for a VERY MONOTONE fight / spell designs. Really, so much potential but they didn't add anything for real. Able to throw fireballs but can't interract with world objects as a badass mage should. -Let me correct it, you actualy DON'T INTERRACT WITH WORL OBJECTS AT ALL!- All you do charging your spells and shoot them at enemies. That's the ONLY THING you do in fight. One missile type magic and one AOE magic. Spell varriations change as ice / fire / lightning and blaa but the spell casting and effects are the same. Liked Necromancy though, making a horde of undead to fight your battles is the least tiring way to win.)I would recommend you to buy this game only if it's on a discount. (That's what I did, thank goodness.) It's good, but nearly good enough."
,Not Recommended,261760,13255437,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,G-Prime,"It's got an interesting concept, but to be blunt, this game gets boring quickly. The magic is flashy but it loses its luster the 400th time you cast the same spell. The enemies pretty much do nothing but run straight at you. The writing is subpar, the optimization is middling at best, and the ""loot"" system is so cluttered it becomes meaningless. Most ""new"" spells will be the same spell you already had, but doing slightly more damage, or lasting 300 milliseconds longer, or something like that. You feel like a powerful mage for about five minutes. Then you just feel like an accountant.The worst sin this game commits, though, is being called ""Lichdom"" while not being a game where you play a lich. You're just some dude who can't even cast spells without his magic bracelets. Shameful.You want to be a badass mage? Go play Magicka or Hexen or Dark Messiah or something. Skip this snoozefest."
,Not Recommended,261760,21490126,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,intox. Requiesta de Silencia,"http://uncrownedreview.blogspot.com/2016/02/lichdom-battlemage.htmlThat's my full in-depth review of the game but allow me to summarize.I do not understand how this game could ever be considered fun. It makes a power fantasy boring. The entirety of the combat is just wave based arena or walking to another wave based arena and getting harrassed along the way (if you're lucky). Going from environment to environment that can be summed up perfectly by that one word because none of these look alive (or as if they ever were). The story is nothing more than ""awe you just missed it, something interesting happened over that hill. Oh look, another hill!""."
76561198051163768,Not Recommended,261760,13300184,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,mill ke,"This review is more of a summary - I don't go in-depth like I usually do; I honestly don't feel this game needs a bunch of analysis. Read the end for my final score.Disappointing on many levels. Graphics are solid and is one of the better looking games. Everything else is underwhelming. The game is revolved around you being a badass mage - too bad none of that really shows up. Some spells you can create are pretty solid, but the majority of them feel either weak or recycled. Throughout the game, you will make spells. These spells range from fire, ice, mind control and a few others. Since there are three main types of spells; Targeted, AoE and Nova, the amount of spells is a lot on paper, but there is less variety than you think; the majority of spells feel too similar; and that's a big shame. Throughout the average yet somewhat compelling story, you traverse through linear levels that have pretty looking environment. The enemies that are on these levels are too simple and there isn't much variety in the enemy types either. If you can catch my drift - the game is repetitive.In a spell-crafting game, you want variety. This game doesn't have much, which causes it to be surprisingly boring. The game looks great, plays well - with solid framerate and controls; it also has a good loot system. The cons however, overflow the pros and the game is a letdown. It also feels like Skyrim's magic - which isn't a bad thing in my eyes. (Skyrim with magic mods)Now, I payed $30 for this game. Would I say it was worth it? Not at all. I don't have the drive to play it anymore - it was decent while it lasted and was fun for the first few hours, but I'm just not interested in it. If I did have the motivation to play it, I'd play it once through - you'd only play it again for new game plus (Doubt anyone would) or for achievements. The concept was solid and fundamentally, it's decent; the full fleshed game is lacklustre. Extremely disappointing.PROS:+Beautiful+Loot System+Responsive Controls+Good Voice ActingCONS:-Repetitive-Pricey-Little Variety-Average Story-LetdownGRAPHICS: 8.5/10GAMEPLAY: 4/10AUDIO: 6/10STORY: 5.5/10CONTROLS: 7/10REPLAY VALUE: 4.5/10OVERALL: 5.9/10BUY RANGE: If you like linear, spell-crafting games that look good; <$15.ONE WORD SUMMARY: ""Disappointing"""
76561198021964301,Recommended,261760,25421778,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BDMAC,"Very good game if u read the spell crafting instructions in order to actaully do good damage/control.  Don't use SMART INVENTORY past Sigil Tier 5. You'll have plenty of time to farm after the campaign section so keep the good spell bases with the most augments in your inventory until you know for sure you don't need it anymore for a specific map's fighting strategy.  During the campaign you have to be a bit of a miser with them to get them crafted best.The NGP HUB after the campaign is still fun because it remains challenging even with the drops capped at Tier 20.  If anything it's harder on some of the open terrain maps (due to some crazy ranged enemies) which is good since you have to actually work at completing them; changed sigils/spell combos up depending on the portal type.  I found the game balanced enough to keep playing, and there's enough sigils and augments to keep you guessing which combo works best for max dps and the easiest/best synergies.  The missiles were the easiest targeting spells to use (I highly recommend), be careful of crafting too many rays since they tended to bind the hands up and slow you down when you needed to do real quick Nova blocks or to just run like hell.No regrets buying this one (especially after all the patches had been completed before playing).   I didn't have any real tech issues other than having to back out of the spell crafting menu to get upgrades working correctly; i.e. wasn't recognizing an upgrade was possible, but no crashes, or major bugs in game-play/crafting like some other reviews/community discussions mentioned; pretty fluid game IMO.  Regardless, it's polished enough to play the campaign or the NGBs a few times every so often.I really liked it.  Have fun."
,Recommended,261760,13292515,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Kiro,Killed everyone with flaming bees. 10/10
,Not Recommended,261760,13729642,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kazicun,"Combat is pretty boring, game is extremely linear, and eats away at my GPU in fullscreen windowed mode (Hit about 75c because I couldn't force V-Sync on,)  However, it's a very pretty game with minimal frame drops.  If you enjoy crafting, you'll enjoy this game, if not, then sit tight for a boring story and annoying voice acting."
,Not Recommended,261760,15167975,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Killingston,pretty boring game too bad i had high hopes
76561198141823810,Not Recommended,261760,14029204,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,herman881,"This is the most repetitive game I have ever played.  All you do is walk through levels, and when you see enemies, you just use kinetic pool to trap them and then use fire rain to kill everything.  Its a ""press this and everything dies"" game, only you have to press two buttons.  I have yet to die, too, because you have three ""wards"" that almost never get destroyed.  When a ward is almost destroyed, you can just run away for 5 seconds and it will repair itself.  The enemies are all the same also.  There are 4 kinds of enemies in the game; one kind blindly runs at you and hits you with a sword, another kind stays back and shoots stuff at you, the third kind is a ""higher ranking"" one and simply has alot more health while it flies around and shoots you, and finally, the bosses are a bit more varied, but all that happens is that you trap them and use fire rain a couple times, and they die.  All the while you are getting shot and cut and burned and smashed, but your magic wards protect you from all damage.  In conclusion, while the game achieves its core concept of making the mage be very over powered, the game lacks in just about every other aspect."
,Not Recommended,261760,12281401,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zime,"If you enjoy doing maths repeatedly, and sometimes killing mobs then this is for you. I fully expected to just shoot some stuff for a while and actually enjoy the game. But after somewhere near 90 attempts on the first boss, I now understand that this is actually impossible to enjoy.The maths is somewhat fun, but there are VERY limited resources to actually explain how things work in this game, effectively you are left in the dark for several hours while crafting spells which genuinely do nothing. The entire crafting system is overly complicated and then when you finally actually produce something worth having, it one shots everything in sight. Some may enjoy this, but I find it to have way too much complexity and no where near enough actual gameplay."
,Not Recommended,261760,13109674,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,IronBee,"At the end of the day, there are some major issues with Lichdom. Mostly it drags on for hours without giving much story at all. After putting in nearly 17 hours, I don't feel any closer to beating the game than when I was 5 hours along.Boss fights are overly difficult, and by not giving any enemies weaknesses there is a massive difficulty wall, especially if you don't get the crafting system early on.  On the subject of crafting, it may be the least explained tutorial in the entire game. It tells you how to make a variety of things and do upgrades, but it doesn't give you any idea about what affects what. It ends up being trial and error without much of a reward.One other major issue I have is the lack of spell variety. When it boils down to it, there are only a handful of spell types with a handful of elements. The only synergy that comes from it appears when you waste away three legendary loots to make a red one, which will only give you a bonus spell type if you have both elements equipped. Not usually an issue until you realize you've spec'd into the wrong element for the synergy you just aquired.In the end the game is barable at best until you get to the swamplands. By that point I have all but given up trying to... what was it? Avenge my wife I think? The lackluster story never really cared enough to bring it back up once the game went all Michael Bay. But hey, at least it looks pretty amazing."
76561198059370755,Recommended,261760,11646056,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,SpawnCap,"Excellent gameplay and graphics are at a level rarely seen in indie titles.  Game is a little tough but enjoyable.  Intricate spell crafting system.  One of the early release purchases I've made that hasn't dissapointed.Update after Early Access:  Game now has difficulty slider, and has a simple interface and kind of an automatic spell updating system that makes the updating of spells much easier for those who found all the crafting and updating difficult.  This mode may also be disabled for those who are use to original mode.  Still a very good game.I run this on a i5 2500 Sapphire HD 7950 at 1080p with everything maxed and get a constant 60 FPS.  Do not listen to those who say game has poor performance."
,Recommended,261760,9595635,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Aevaris «ŖΛǤЄ»,This is the best alpha/pre-alpha i've played. This game has amazing effects and makes you feel like a true powerful mage. This game has escalated to my most or maybe second most looked-forward-to game. The only game I am looking forward to maybe potentially more than this is Dragon Age 3.
,Recommended,261760,10236188,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Tricky Muskrat,"Edit: One bad thing is that the boss fights seem repetitive and I use the same strategies.AMAZING!!!! I have been waiting for a game with a good magic system, where you can customize spells and arent limited by small mana bars and long cooldowns. Of course this is in alpha so theres some bugs and glitches. It can have times where it is a bit choppy BUT once this game is finished it will be absolutely amazing. Good story and gameplay so far. Worth $40 at least."
,Not Recommended,261760,13775467,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Molang,"Linear FPS with magic spells instead of guns & bullets. It reminds me of Borderlands. The storyline is whimsical at best, and you just want to kill things and grab loot.Interesting idea; poor execution.Major issues:1. Messy inventory.2. Tedious battles; lack of (interesting) enemy types; ""bullet-sponge"" bosses3. Lack of balance between spell varieties. Half of the spells (i.e. loot) are junk.Positives:1. Good looking visual effects.2. Voice acting by Jennifer Hale (Commander Shepard from Mass Effect)3. After hours of button spamming, I now have an excuse to get a new mouse."
,Recommended,261760,25614598,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,siddNullus,"I really don't understand most of the negative reviews.  Aside from the issue of price point for an indy game released in 2014, this is a fun, polished FPS-style game that does exactly what it sets out to do.  Worth playing."
,Recommended,261760,19519398,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Garenator,"This game delivers exactly what it says it willyou are a mage will incredibly power. No mana pool. No long cooldowns. You can spam all your spellsCrafting system if a bit weird but not too hard to figure out. New ""smart inventory"" makes it easier.Right now I'm running a build based on Fire/Ice/Corruption.Bascially Fire and Ice are my main dmg dealer/crowd control but i use corruption to infect enemies with bugs so when they die those bugs come flying out and kill other enemies, which releases more bugs if said enemy was infected and so on.Next playthrough I'll probably do a necromancy build that focuses on minions fighting battles for meVery fun game if you like being a mage, lots of spell variety in the spell crafting system. Do not get this game if you want something where you get to be anything OTHER than a mage/sorcerer/wizard"
,Not Recommended,261760,13749275,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,jcfarsight,"For a game that promises the experience of a 'badass wizard', it falls short on it's core concept. The generic 'glass cannon' mage feel is a better summary of what you will expect.You will spend most of the game running away from enemies, hiding and repetitively charging spells that all feel the same. Personally I would say I felt like more of a badass in Skyrim than Lichdom: Battlemage."
,Recommended,261760,11400302,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,FullBitGamer,"This game, this ""Lichdom: Battlemage"" as it were, is a quite fun romp through magical badassery. The game reminds me of an apple. An apple hanging freely from a tree in an orchard drenched in amazing sunlight. Birds sing as you stare at the apple, tempted to take it for your own and enjoy it, not knowing if the apple harbors a hidden sourness or even a worm to disrupt your apple enjoyment. My friends, I have taken the apple, the apple is sweet. I like the apple.UPDATED REVIEW!Three years guys, it's been three years. This game has gonne through some major changes, all of which I see to be great changes. The new simple crafting system will ease in new players well, giving way to the more robust and fine tuned custom spell making.The polish and shine of all that CryEngine 3 can muster is all here on display running amazingly well a solid 60fps at maximum settings and 1080P on my system.(i5-4690k, GTX-1060 6GB, 8GB Ram)The game is still a little repetitive but nonetheless very enjoyable. After so long coming back and seeing how things were tweaked, new monsters added in some areas, some removed.(The first boss fight against Rojiro used to be WAY more painful!).Overall the game has aged incredibly well and I recommend everyone who enjoys FPS games, RPGs, or even just action to give it the chance it deserves. I really doubt you will be disappointed you did!GAMEPLAY70 / 100SOUND90 / 100DESIGN95 / 100GRAPHICS95 / 100CONTROLS90 / 100DIFFICULTY75 / 100FINAL SCORE85/100Worth your time."
76561198022228890,Recommended,261760,9612799,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Baval2,"As it stands for whats here its a great game and im recomending it. However, a lot has to be done to support all playstyles of mages for the future. We need summons, we need more spell types, we need cones and rays and all the stuff that makes mages cool. What we DONT need though is heals, as the games current mix of fair difficulty and 3 shield health system makes it awesome to play, punishing large mistakes while forgiving minor ones."
76561198084845693,Recommended,261760,9594441,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Pigheadedpizza,"amazing game, so many different combinations for spells and its still in pre alpha"
76561197970179466,Recommended,261760,9612356,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dodge_This,"Pros+ Graphics/Visual style - very appealing and crisp.+ Fight/Dodge mechanics nicely done. The whole slow-mo movement is very nicely done,+ Spells (still very few though) - you can combine different combinations (Control/destruction..)Cons- Spells (could use more variety..may be there is more later in game haven't played much)- At times the motion blur feels clunky.- Linear and no voice acting makes it worse.- Story - I don't want to constantly keep reading - voice over needed.Worth a buy? If you like the graphics style + fighting mechanics nothing more to it as of now. But definately worth keeping an eye on the progress.+1 If they add multiplayer / deathmatch"
76561198055335886,Recommended,261760,9591212,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,HeraldTheFish,"Can someone please help me? I started it up after installing it and the update is screwed up. I started it around 4 hours ago and it still hasnt finished. Ive restared my computer and internet but nothing is working. When i skipped the update, it only showed a black screen with sounds. I can see the mouse but nothing else. Someone please help me? <3  (:3 its a seal.    Here is the sword i will give you if you help me: o==[]:::::::::::>"
76561198029137373,Recommended,261760,9593498,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,TheLameLaw,"Really awesome game, nice graphics, cool mage ownage. You can still obviously see that its still in aplha (some bugs, ai doesn't talk etc), but hey, thats why early access is for. I recommend it to anyone who likes to be an epic mage and wants to support the developer in early acces!"
76561197997097511,Recommended,261760,11002597,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deadpool,Early access review:You're a mage. You're a badass. What more do you need?4/5*
76561198069419400,Recommended,261760,10916654,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thirdeye0214,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!!!
76561198048753280,Recommended,261760,10509325,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,[YMCA] Coconaut,How being a mage should be.
76561198097035142,Recommended,261760,10883397,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Timthetic,"Lichdom: Battlemage is a very fun game, the gameplay is fun, but I find it a bit too difficult. The world is drawn up well and you are able to explore a little outside the main path. The one thing that really hurts my view of this game is that you are never really taught how to play. It just kind of expects you to figure it out. Also, I don't really like the health system. You have three barriers and once one is gone, it is gone until you find an orb like sphere to regen not all, but one layer. And they never seem to be around when you need them. You can create shields but you never really have an idea how to do it. I might as well close my eyes smack few things together and hope it works. The archers are really annoying because it is very hard to deal with them while fighting so many others; they either need less health or damage. Other than that, the game is very fun. I like the idea of being a mage without cool downs or manna. I was afraid the game was going to be too easy because of this, but it defiantly is not. All in all, the game is worth it if you like playing as a very powerful mage. I am hoping the developers may change/work on some of the things mentioned before, but the game is still fun to play. --AlphaEdit: after playing the game more and restarting after a big update I realized one thing: This game is way too hard. It always makes you feel like you are doing something wrong.  I can not advance a decent amount in this game without dying.  I really think they nailed one thing about the mage: NO. HEATH.  I never feel like the charecter is powerful at all. But hey, It's still entertaining while you're not dying , and there are some pretty unique ways to attack the levels.  If you like a challenge  more than I do, this game may be worth your money. Also, the archers suck still; beware they're annoying rapid fire attacks that are almost as strong or stronger than the melee attacks from the other creatures. They're annoyingness exceeds even that of skeletons in Minecraft (this was the best comparison that came to mind).  --Beta"
76561198027929205,Recommended,261760,11014269,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mitsubishi Nintendo,"There is very clearly a design focus and a great deal of skill behind this game. First impressions were mixed -perhaps because the game seemed to behave like a shooter rather than the more deliberate mage experience some RPGs seem to aim for- but soon the gameplay loop asserted itself, and boy, what a satisfying loop that is. Blast enemies, acquire new crafting elements, design new and better spells to blast enemies. Encounters are short and sweet, and it has a strangely addictive quality to it: five minutes after closing the game, you get the desire to go back and keep going.There is also skill expected from the player. Spell stats alone will not always be the key to victory, and learning how to move, to teleport and to parry appropiately is essential. It feels good to see the mage as an active, agile character rather than one destined to lob spells from behind a fighter.The aesthetics are also clearly very deliberate in their design, and all elements fit together to reinforce that you are, indeed, a badass. Some spells kick back mightily; others leave a trace of icy spikes in their wake; fire spells in particular sound like God's shotgun. The game goes big from the get-go, and doesn't stop. That, of course, can also be a downside: few moments of peace to counterpoint the action mean that it may feel repetitive, and the linear nature of the game can catch some players by surprise, since nowadays ""mage"" is almost synonimous with ""open world RPG"".As this is an Alpha build, some bugs are to be expected, and options are missing; most annoyingly, the motion blur is very strong and cannot be turned off. For me, this means keeping play sessions short, as motion blur strains my eyes and gives me motion sickness, not to mention the performance hit mid-range PCs take from it.Some better feedback when damaged would also help: keeping an eye on the shield bars (pretty much your health meter) constantly can de distracting, and without a stronger visual indication that you are getting pummelled, death often seems to come out of nowhere.All in all, the ideas behind the game are solid, and there is a vision in place. As time goes by, I'm confident the execution on that vision will become more polished. I expect to update this review as I play on: so far the worldbuilding shows hints of something interesting, but without more playtime, it's impossible to tell how that may be realized."
76561198077818695,Recommended,261760,10966741,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rudypatooty,"helps of fun and worth the money there are a few bugs so don't hate on it, it is early access but fun as hell"
76561198087888948,Recommended,261760,11039967,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,hugemike,"Very well designed, fluid game. Especially for an early release. The transition from spell to spell is very quick, say if you were charging a spell and needed to block (and you DO need to block) you can cancel the charging spell, block, and then gtfo using blink. As a guy who plays a mage in EVERY game he can, I am thoroughly impressed with this one, probably the only game where a mage isn't ridiculously squishy."
76561198048620799,Recommended,261760,10992326,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ice,"This game is quite good. It has challenge, stratagey, and a pretty good progresion system. Its 2 major flaws are its unbalanced boss fights, and aswell its un engaging story. The combat is smooth and looks as cool as it feels"
76561198043757421,Recommended,261760,10472910,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,SavageSandal,"A great game, definately makes you feel like a classic spellcaster. Almost completely removes all restrictions to your spells. I greatly enjoy it because it makes me feel like there is a great advantage to using magic that no other game does. It's fairly short, but it is in pre-alpha. I would recommend a higher tier video card if you are into having your games look good, but it isn't required. I run it on very low settings and I still get a good gaming experience."
,Recommended,261760,10816088,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CrispFunk,This game has a lot in stock for it. You should buy it now and play it while it grows. Its really fun and exciting to see the new things they put in to it. Play the game how you want is a great way to have fun.
,Not Recommended,261760,24052404,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Titan,"This game has such potential, but the combat is very linear and grindy, and the bosses/mobs are either too weak, or WAAY TOO TANKY.The second boss for instance. I cannot beat the guy. I've been at it for an hour, and I cannot, not matter how I approach him, get him under 50% HP... The game is WAY too difficult. It NEEDS proper balancing and definitely a rework of the enemies health/damage.And they lied. I don't feel like a badass battlemage, I feel like a glass puppet carrying a large magical cannon.I had a lot of hope for this game, but as I played through I saw more and more fallbacks. I'm sorry, but I just cannot recommend this title."
76561197997033429,Recommended,261760,11904733,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,~O.o | o.O~,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,261760,11351968,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,✪kio,"Never was magic so destructive, powerful & fascinating."
76561197970385470,Recommended,261760,32711605,Posted: 23 June,all,krazypickle,"its like a first person diablo, and who knows whether youll like it or not. i feel like this guide to the spells gives a good showing of what to expect. i find it pretty interesting, building my spells and trying different strats, all the while meeting different types of mobs.http://steamcommunity.com/app/261760/discussions/0/34093781650782337/"
76561198032746726,Recommended,261760,9578819,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Red Majicks,"Game looks good you feel really powerful, but not over powered.A little clunky but it is early access would like to see some different spells and perhaps the ability to cast to different elements together to make different effects and combonations but overall not bad at all i am going to keep up with this game as more content comes out feels like might and magic dark massiah"
,Recommended,261760,9612897,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Guy,"It's beautiful! Reminds me of dungeon crawling in Skyrim. Controls are simple and easy to figure out without any instructions. It looks like they will be putting narritive elements, but why?  Its great as it is. Not everything needs to explain itself. Its a pleasure to just play a simple dungeon crawler thats just fun.My only hope is they create a co-op mode for this so I can play with freinds.I can't wait to see this game on a VR headset like the Occulus Rift.Well worth the price. Not used to seeing a Early Access Game look this stunning."
,Recommended,261760,10498935,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ProfessorNeckbeard,An interesting take on the FPS as a mage. Makes me think of Hexen in concept but not execution. Really unique and worth watching as it develops throughy Alpha.
,Not Recommended,261760,11481963,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,MordorianRanger,"This was a good game, for a beta.I found it to be a bit jumpy or slugesh, like when theres lag in an online game. The controls were easy to get and work well. The  magic is standerd fire, ice, and so on, but the ways you use them are new and inovative, yet not unfermilier to players of games like Skyrim. The visuals are easly compaired to Skyrim also, but seem of a bit less quality.On the downside, The game is far to linier for me. I often found myself going down what looked like a different path, but to my disapointment it was a dead end and just to make the game look nateral. Being a game about magic, it makes sence that magic is the main weapon of the game. However, it is agrivating to not have a close range attack. Because I didn't have a sword or dagger, my only tactic was to hit enemys while backing up. The tactic gets repeditive very early on.All in all Battlemage is a good game, but I found myself wanting to play Skyrim enstead. The main problem here is that this game seems to have taken that one aspect out strait out of Skyrim and embelished on it."
76561197990894116,Recommended,261760,9593764,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Scyn,"Lichdom isn't a game for the faint of heart. It's going to brutalize your spirit the same as Demon Souls or Dark Souls ever did.That being said, the game has a linear, moderate difficulty, story path to start, but there are added side paths that add much more of a challenge to the game. That is, if you don't just follow the way your quest marker tells you to go.The game supports a couple of different playstyles, up-close and personal with timed attack blocking or ranged and kiting. However, when you act like a sissy, you get sissy enemies. They get confused and can seemingly leash in some cases if you backpedal repeatedly. It is possible to use your spells to interact with some objects of the game world.The spell system isn't difficult to understand, you are allowed 4 of the 8 planned schools of magic the devs have planned. It allows for some interesting mix up of combat casting. Spell crafting is interesting, based on the spell items found off enemies and world objects, configure and augment your spells to suit your playstyle. However, the spell animations aren't as awesome as most would like them.The game world is beautiful, very detailed, no problems or glitches running on maximum settings, obviously that will differ player to player. Very smooth running game, one of the better polished Alpha builds I've ever played."
76561198093707921,Not Recommended,261760,16347075,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rylanor,"This game is like eating burnt toast with jelly on it. The jelly's rather thin, and you have to get through a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ toast to get to it, but boy is that jelly good."
,Recommended,261760,12743625,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bradley Dragon,"man, the tryhards that say the spells suck. like really? try actually useing the crafting system. iver done like 1500 dmg in the first area after getting my third spell and doing a wombo combo. if i changed the configuration of my spells i can do so much more. nothing more satisying then turning telekinesis from a mastery lob, into a control ray. just whip it around and send every one of them into the sky, then throw a aoe of your choice and laugh. XD 1000/10"
,Recommended,261760,9578301,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,FIL1994,"Pre-Alpha ReviewIt's a pretty good game with lots of potential. It would be a lot more fun if it was open world. I hope they change the save game feature since you currently have to find checkpoints. Once they add more content with the spells and add some open world parts, it will be an extremely fun game.Pre-Alpha 2 ReviewThe game has been improved a lot. They added 3 new sigils. I've only used 2 of the 3, but delirium and kinesis were both a lot of fun to use. The tutorials and cutscenes also made the game make more sense. Crafting has also been improved and is more straightforward than it used to be."
76561197980863926,Recommended,261760,9582244,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Dfoxle NBG,Absolutly Amazing for an early Alpha Game.It Reminds me on Dark Messiah with High End Graphics.Its absolutly good playable and if you love the 2Hand combatsystem of Skyrim or Dishonored than it fits for you. Keep the Good Work going and it would be a Awesome Game for all Combat Mages outthere ;)
,Recommended,261760,11924923,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,YungLizardKang,"I've played since the very rough alpha, and I've gotta say I'm super happy with how this one turned out. It makes being a mage not suck. It's a little rough and daunting at first, but once you get customization down and tailor your spells to your specific playstyle, it's a ton of fun. Whether you're making giant AoE lightning storms or throwing giant frost bombs, it's a good time for sure."
76561197996837042,Recommended,261760,11875557,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Rubric,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit. Sure it could use some polish, but the feeling of freezing, electrocuting, then throwing your enemies back with force never quite gets old.Recommended for those that played a mage in Skyrim."
76561198030113434,Recommended,261760,11889925,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Treelobster,"Freezes at launch, will update review when issue is fixed."
,Recommended,261760,14588689,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Schiz0id,"Lichdom battlemage, first of all, is about playing as a combat mage. Not a wizard. That means it's more like Borderlands than Skyrim.First of all, there are 3 parts to every spell, 3 kinds of magic (necromancy, fire, ice, etc) per slot, and 3 types of spells: sheild/teleport (think similar to telefragging, damaging enemies by teleporting, called ""blinking"", ranged, and charged area of effect attacks.This game is quite like borderlands. There's a spell grinder. There's spell merging. there's tons of havoc-inducing combat. There's tons of enemies. There's bullet-spongy enemies, etc. Just like borderlands.Here's the thing: this thing isn't an rpg. it's the mage character from Hexen/heretic meets borderlands, minus the open world aspect.BUTIn borderlands, you couldn't forge your own guns with parts. In this game, you can.The result is a fair-feeling loot-based first person shooter with tons of havoc and mobbing and spongy super enemies.If any of this interests you, buy it. If none of it does, don't. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
76561197987494077,Not Recommended,261760,14687687,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,richard,A lot of potential sadly wastedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awr1q-2UQpc
,Not Recommended,261760,13300333,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DarkByte97,Mediocre at best...Story is completely static.Combat is nothing special.
,Not Recommended,261760,13301008,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Sakamoto,"Expected so much.Got so little.Nice graphics,Poor story,Poor crafting mechanics,Poor variety of desctructive spells,Too much ""weaklings"" to kill and be rewarded with nothing but... Nothing.It was a nice try, but it is almost like everything that was on early access, feels like it came to early and with plenty of things missing.2/5"
76561197980827488,Recommended,261760,14053402,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Toto,Murder things in cool ways with cool spells.I have always hated games when you play a mage and you just don't feel like a god that could bring the end of the world. Well this game fixes that. Stop worring about resosrces(Mana? who needs that?) and just think about creative and better ways to overkill hoards of enimies.There are some annoying things like the lack of crfating system tutorial. There is no good totorial on how to use the crafting system. But once I learned how to use it I came to like it a lot.The game did get a little easy first playthrough in the middle but as soon as I felt like a god that could never die the game would throw something horrifiing at me and fix that.The bosses are difficult. There was one that I trounced with ease but the rest were all very epic in their own way.Hands down one of the better games I have played this year and amd looking forward to New Game +.
76561198053272785,Recommended,261760,13822040,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lordnate,Really great mage game.....Thousands of different spells
,Recommended,261760,13849247,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,stone cold killa,"Badass wizard gameplay!Pros:*No mana/magic bar*No cool downs*Lots of challenging bosses and enemies*Awesome looking effects (seriously, I could watch myself casting fire spells at a wall for an hour)*Deep crafting system with loads of varietiesCons:*Pretty repetitive*Relatively expensiveSuper badass magic wizardry! Truly a game with amazing graphics. Soundtrack is alright but not very impressive. However I am very pleased with the gameplay.I'd recommend getting this on a sale for the average gamer. Rate 7/10"
76561198119090977,Recommended,261760,13852684,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,zrago321,good game
,Recommended,261760,14478852,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Wildt,"Lichdom: Battlemage is a linear FPS with RPG element, and magic instead of weapons.The RPG elements compare to what you might know from the Borderlands games. There are 8 different ""skill trees"" called Sigils, and they level up independently based on how much you use them. You can only have 3 active, and they can only be changed at the Vortex Pools (checkpoints).Basically each Sigil (Fire, Ice, Lightning etc) only has 3 ""fire modes"" - targeted fire, area of effect (AOE) and a nova shield. They all come in gazzilion variations (a variation is called a Spell), and you can even combine (craft) spells to create new ones.You start out with only 1 sigil (skill) and unlock more as you progress through the campaign. But when you unlock a new sigil, it's at level 1, which handicaps it in comparison with the sigils you've been playing with up to that point. This meant that I pretty much stuck with the 3 sigils I got early on: Fire, Ice and Necromancy. There's something flawed in that game mechanic imo, or maybe there's a ""reset skill tree"" option in there somewhere I haven't found.Sooo, having 3 ""weapons"" with basically 2 fire modes each (I'm not counting the shield) gives you a fairly simple gameplay, especially considering they FEEL much the same. All AOE spells and a lot of the targeted spells (fire mode 1 and 2 respectively) require you to hold down the fire button to charge the spell up, and release the button to fire. This meant the gameplay quickly turned into some peekaboo act, where I'd hide behind some obstacle while charging my spell and once fully charged, I dodged (called a Blink ability) into line of sight of my target, released the button and dodged back into cover.Add to the above that the game employs an auto aiming mechanic and the fact that you cannot jump (!), means that the feel of the combat becomes very 2-dimensional and ultimately a bit tedious after 10 hours (the campaign took me a around 15).The difficulty was very inconsistent in my experience - I played on the Battlemage difficulty, and besides the first boss and some extremely confined layout of a loot machine area late in the game, the game was largely unchallenging.  I usually only died when backpedaling off the edge of something tall (aren't super powerful mages supposed to be able to hover or something?).The AI was pretty poor - VERY predictable, robotic behaviour on all enemies. I'm not expecting my summoned necro zombies to have a PHD in anything, but they seemed largely uninterested in fighting for the most part - just pouting in some odd corner of the map far away from the action.My biggest gripe with the gameplay is that the dominant attack that your enemies employ is something that impairs your ability to move or fire. They either freeze you completely, knock you over (same thing really) or slow you down and prevent you from being able to dodge. In my book that just a NO-NO, it's so incredibly aggravating and it ruins the fun.I won't comment on the story as I bailed on giving a $hit after a while, but the whole theme was off imo. Maybe I'm just a conservative old fart, but imo the dialouge failed at trying to be cool, hip and funny. It's medieval times, and you'll often hear your female enemies say ""You wanna dance... focker?!"" just to give an example.The game uses CryEngine 3, and the levels look gourgeous, but imo the devs dropped the ball when it came to character animations. Flying foes can pass walls (a bug I assume) and thus be impossible to hit. It seems quite unoptimised, as the framerate drops WAY below 60 far more often that I experienced with other CryEngine 3 titles on the same hardware.I reckon sounding very harsh, but actually I did generally enjoy myself. It's just sad to see a lot of potential ruined by a few (substantial) shortcomings.70%."
76561198012706974,Not Recommended,261760,14798017,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,SelectHawk,I agree with the sir kitesalot review... boring and I don't feel like a badass at all. Did I mention boring?
,Not Recommended,261760,21008511,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Magnymagick,Delete doto
,Recommended,261760,21735107,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Astore,"We need more of those games.It feels repetitive and it is not easy to get the crafting. But once you got your combos up you are going to wreak havoc through hordes of enemies.If only the story would be deeper it would make for a good replay with different combos. But then it has to change a lot.Still, being a Battlemage never felt better."
76561198015847880,Recommended,261760,22082843,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LesserEvil,"Could've been much better. Once you realise how much the spell-creating system actually limits you it gets repetitive. Example: You can very early create an ice-spell that freezes enemies. You can also very early create a lightning-spell that chains to enemies. You can never create an ice-chain-freezing spell, let alone something that combines both elements.So after 7 hours in the fun mainly comes from trying out new spells or to get apocalyptic- or synergies-effects. The rules by which these effects appear aren't written down clearly anywhere. Aside from that it's really just ""get some numbers higher"".You can also only have 3 active ""elements"" (sigils) at once. No clue why they limited that. Together with the inventory it looks like the game was made to be played with a controller, but that's fine. K/M works very well. Graphics are nice. They tried to make the story interesting, kudos for that. I really liked the ""cinematics"":http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=412410660My last death was very unfair. A miniboss-monster with a stunning-aura ran past my necro-creeps and basically perma-stunned me just by being close to me, that also dealed damage. From full health to zero in 4 seconds without the ability to do anything. There are some really stupid design-flaws in this game. Not sure at this ponit (7 hours played) if I will finish it.It's worth to check it out. It's extremely cheap anyway. that's why I'm recommending it, but eventually you will get bored of it."
,Recommended,261760,10577834,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tchaikovsky,Awesome game!!!
76561198062245321,Not Recommended,261760,19896214,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Consentipede,"Pros:The crafting and upgrading system is unique and different, and the spell customization is rich (At least what i've seen of it).Cons:The story is predictable and poorly written, the enemies are repetitive and boring, and the combat system is shallow to say the least.All in all this game has the potental to be fun, but it has so many glaring flaws that i wouldnt give it a second look if it isn't on sale for less than five dollars."
76561198001677253,Not Recommended,261760,13650410,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LostNConfuzed,"The game starts out interesting enough and the idea of crating spells in a game fully focused on magic was fun. But about 30 minutes i nyou'll realise that your basically going to spend the whole game doing the same 3 step combo to kill enemies, mastery,control,destruction. Anything else will just take forever. If you don't bring mastery along, expect boss fights to be marathons, the game offers heaps of customisation, but if you want to get anywhere you aren't going to be able to use it.Expect to fight a few undead, a few cultists, and the same 4 demons for pretty much the whole game, they're recycled endlessly with maybe one or two new editions for that level.The requirements seem ridiculous, The game stutters and lags terribly on Medium settings, and after testing on High and very high, aside from being unplayable on my setup it still just doesn't look that good. Attempting to change graphics settings has frozen the game on several occasions as well.I brought this on sale, and still want to try and finish it, but honestly it's just a chore at this point."
76561198001648398,Not Recommended,261760,33929162,Posted: 31 July,all,S73nd4rr,"It starts out pretty fun, the spell crafting is interesting, but the combat really falls off at the end once you begin fighting enemies who basically predict where you're going to be, and shoot nearly undodgeable projectiles towards you that instantly kill you. Spells are a wasted potential where you can only put one of the three specific glyph types in a spell, limiting creativity. Avoid this game."
76561198035866205,Not Recommended,261760,32229988,Posted: 6 June,all,squirehorns,This is supposed to be a powerful mage? That is how you view infinite power? This is just a supper linear shooter game with dissapointment around every corner.
76561198127487372,Recommended,261760,9964613,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Markedstone,Such a cool game
76561198003944894,Recommended,261760,10502924,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Unholy,"This game was very well done, the graphics are quite unique and the gameplay is just outstanding. This game is a gem in all of the other magic based story games out there. The in-depth spell crafting is just amazing the amount of time you spend crafting the perfect spell for you is very unique. I have never in my 10 years of gaming experienced such a well developed clean game and it's still in Alpha I personally can't wait to see what is in store for the full game."
,Recommended,261760,10754551,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Maignificent~,"What can i say ? awesome graphic , ♥♥♥♥ing badass mage and fresh gameplaythis game would be much better if they add more customization and maybe mixed skill9/10 must play"
76561198007522618,Recommended,261760,10758562,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spektra,"The game concept shows promise.....  As an alpha it is great so this review is subject to change.  The Story, seems sort of..well strange to me, vengence, got it, simple and effective.  Gameplay... the unlimited magic is nice, but the game is not really challenging, I can literally drink coffee teleport randomly around the battle field, the enemy can never catch up to hit me, nor can there spells/ arrows and what not, and I just shoot lighting at the enemy which is easy to do since it auto aims for me most of the time, though sometimes it just completely misses my target and autoaims into an enemy behind a wall....One Gripe I had, is the lack of a jump button, now some may say, what do you need a jump button for when you can dash move... well there are places some hidden with treats, that you have to jump a small stone (that you can reaslisticly just step over) or a Bannister to stairs that is broken, that you would be able to jump over, but instead have to go all the way around it to get there... hopefully they add a jump button, as the lack of a jump button is just there to test the mapping of the game and the levels with out the quick bypass.  We can customize spells and such... but how about armor?  is there ever going to be anything else other than my hands glowin on the screen with the associated elemental powers (i.e. red= fire, blue = ice, white = lightning...etc)  as Alpha level graphics it looks good, but My skyrim with mods looks a whole lot better, I can imagine they will upgrade this to when the game is in a more finished level.  Playing the mage, and only the mage is great.... but lets hope by limiting the player it doesnt bit them in the butt."
76561197986997547,Recommended,261760,9778574,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,tkdrich,"I'd like to start  by saying that the concept of this game is outstanding, and as such, has massive potential to be a game for the gaming history books. That being said, the game does still need a lot of work, which you obviously already know since this was an early access download.Firstly, and as a general idea throughout the game, you need to add more diversity to virtually every aspect of the gameplay. For example, the system you use for the spell trees, interesting idea but lacks complexity. Despite the fact that you have four separate spell trees, (fire, ice, corruption, and delerium) you only gave the character three spells...shoot, block, and Aoe. Furthermore, to my knowledge, there is no difference in the spell resistances of all the enemies, i.e. they are all equally vulnerable to all the spell schools. As result, this system negates the need for multiple spell schools and discourages the player from ever swapping between them, with the exception of utilizing the different AoE effects you get when using the blink ability. I recommend branching out and diversifying the players spell portfolio.Next, I feel that the progression of the enemy difficuly and the progression of the character's skill are out of sync. What I mean by that is that the enemies get tougher faster than the character gets stronger, which creates two problems. First, it slows down the game pace, because it starts taking what seems like 30 spell casts on each enemy to finally kill them so a handful of enemy peons can take 20 minutes to kill while the player is ""kiting"" them around in circles. Second, it robs the player of the experience of being an all-powerful mage. In every game with multiple class choices that I can think of, the magical classes (aside from healers) are the ""glass cannons"" of the game, basically a bit squishier than the other classes but they compensate for dealing outstanding damage that other classes can't hope to compete with. By admition of one of the creator's of the game in a gameplay trailer, the idea behind this game's creation is to let the player experience the power of a DPS class like the mage ""without the shackles that are always being put on them to keep them from being overpowered compared to the other classes."" In short, you should give serious consideration to pumping up the DPS output of the mage to nuclear levels, and adjusting the player/enemy progression so that they scale together more appropriately. You can do so without worrying about making the game too easy by adding more enemies, as well as more bosses and mini-bosses. In this way, the players can get their kicks by plowing through tons of trash mobs with ease and the satisfaction of seeing big damage numbers ticking over the heads of their enemies, then presenting them with significant challenges during all the boss fights. This brings me to the next subject...The custom spell creation and synthesizing systems are an excellent edition to the game, keep it, but again I recommend adding more complexity to it. Always the same three choices, shoot, barrier, or AoE. Being able to add properties like crit chance and extra damage through augments is a good start, but as I said, it's still always the same three choices, (offense, defense, AoE). I suggest you expand into sub-categories. Single-target spells, multiple lock-on targeting spells, knockback spells, stuns, snares, healing, summoning, damage over time spells personal buffs, the list goes on and on, there's a lot of room to expand here. This is essentially the first game in its class, a whole new genre, which means you get to write the rules and boundaries however you want, so get creative with it. How about adding distinct advantages for each spell class. Maybe when you use fire spells you have increased speed and damage, whereas with ice every spell slows your enemies but you yourself are also slower and maybe less resistant to damage because your cold and brittle like ice. Furthermore, I recommend you get rid of the corruption spell tree all together and replace it with something better. Corruption and Delerium schools are too similar to ever need, want, or use both, and as long as the player only needs one affliction style, delirium is vastly superior to corruption. Maybe exchange corruption for arcane, after all, what kind of mage doesn't use arcane magics.Also, Barrier and shield are different, but similar enough to make barrier seem like a placeholder spell. Especially because it's completely unecessary to have a seperate barrier spell for each different school of magic yet each barrier does exactly the same thing with no class related benefits. Consider merging the two together. Barrier aspect being the active side of the ability and the shield benefits being a passive ""side-effect."" In the spell assigning page in the players inventory, put the barrier spell where you currently have the shield placed, and when creating a barrier spell, simply add shield health into the properties improved by augments, (example: let either mastery, or control increase shield health). Also consider adding a mechaninc so that a barrier can reduce incoming damage by more than 50% if the player wanted to make a stronger barrier. If necessary you can omit some of theless useful augmentable properties like extra blink distance. Extra blink distance could be advantageous but not practical if you must choose it over all the other, more useful addons..One last thing. randomized results of the synthesis system could be fine tuned a bit. A bit more predictability/consistency in the results of synthesis would be good. I recommend a system more like the possessed weapon crafting system from the game Darksiders 2. Where the player can choose the properties they want to have on the item they craft, based on all of the properties that were on the materials they used in the synthesis process. That way the players can customize their mage more appropriately with their playstyle, thus providing a more unique experience for every player, and also making the game more suitable for people to play more than once. each time they play through the game they can ""create"" a different kind of mage and enjoy a different play style.Anyway, thanks for taking the time to read my suggestions, I hope they are useful for you guys. and I can't wait to see the game as a finished product. Good luck."
,Recommended,261760,9838785,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Warbosss,"This game is extremely promising and i hope that Xaviant will continue to develop it into a more full-feeling game. This is their first game and yet AAA graphics, even in pre-alpha. There are some cons: The game is extremely linear and has very little replay value, and runs at very low framerates due to poor optimisation, but im sure that Xaviant will fix most of these problems, and the pros outweigh the cons. The combat in this game is engaging and very challenging, while, as a result of the lack of cooldowns, a mana bar, and your classical mage-like squishyness, still let you feel like a total badass god of the elements. One thing that this game needs is a co-op mode. Not yet, finish the singleplayer WELL first, but when they are done, Xaviant should definitely release a 4-player co-op mode so players can enjoy it with friends. Also, although unlikely, the game would be sooo much better if it was open world... So much better..."
,Recommended,261760,10508097,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,red-nyan,"First off, I am recommending this for its future potential, not for current content. I will split this up into several parts:For those thinking of buying the game:This game has a great idea behind it; being a mage without the constraints of a mana-bar. That being said, the game itself has little content thus far. If you are looking for a game that you can enjoy and put hours into right now, I recommend buying an elderscrolls game and modding in infinite magika. But if you want to see this game become something great and you don't mind waiting, than by all means purchase it!The nifty stuff:The game is gorgeous. The game has a beautiful design whether it be the cave systems or the city streets, I have played plenty of games that lack the natural feel of the surroundings. As of the most recent update there are now voices, which sound very good.The not-so-nifty stuff:When I first purchased this game I couldn't get the game to load up to the menu without my CPU maxing out and my PC crashing. I have a decent build, so the reason was just the game not being optimized at all. This frustrated me, since I payed for it and I couldn't even admire the menu screen...Once I actually got it running, the first thing I noticed was that the character animation was off slightly, however, after the update that was fixed. I also noticed the controls sometimes bug out and I end up walking into enemies. Also there is no jump, and the warp cannot go up, not even a little bit. I mean, I tried warping up hill and I didn't move, I tried warping downhill and that worked fine, just no up.Overall:The game has potential, it is super linear, but the story isn't bad. For now I will stick to playing elder scrolls games with a infinite mana mod, since this game doesn't yet have very many spells. The gameplay is tedious and repetitive. There is no real reward for playing the game again. Also, the archers are the most over powered things in the game... DO NOT get shot by them, you die from only like 3 arrows (exaggerated). The game developers and it's community are kind, so that makes it a bit better. The spells feel right when being cast, and I think that is important, that they feel sort of ""heavy"", and they do. So the game will get better and probably be worth playing later on."
76561198031076797,Not Recommended,261760,16105630,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tenkai Valks Rider,"The first of many? The first and Last!Maybe it's just me, but i expected more... much more.-There are many ways you can create spells with different screen effects, some are magic balls that you throw at long distance, some are like beams with impressive short range.They're both useless, only charged attacks make actual damage and it s*cks charging them.-There is no melee, but there is a magic shield, you just need to time it more perfectly than humanly possible. When it works, though, it blasts almost everthing in ""melee range"" (wich is very, very short), it blasts your eyesight too.-Space Bar does not jump (Seriously, what were they thinking???), instead, there is a cooldown limited dodge that often makes you ""blink"" to the nearest enemy, always a heavy melee one. If you charge enough by holding space bar, you unleash a small area attack just like the shield counter, but with surprisingly shorter range, less damage to your enemies and your eyesight.-Your freeze magic does no damage at all and slowly slows slow enemies for a short time, but it gives enough time to swap to a spell that could actually make something, if you had one. Perfect to waste time if you are facing one enemy, and to get killed if you are not.-Freezing enemies attack fast, freeze you instantly for a very long time and you have to start whatever spell you were using from zero (Trololololol)-Melee generic enemies AI:Run towards you > Play Weird/Cute/Funny/Pooping/Sneezing Scream > Attack > Repeat.Simple, it would be too easy to dodge:When you hear the scream, just press the ""not jump"" button + escaping direction = Win! - 100% Easy.Since the ""not jump"" often makes you ""not dodge"", it makes it a bit harder... - 60% Chalenging.What if when you succesfully dodge they hit you anyway? Like 2/3? - 20%! Now That's Badass!Put 3 or 5 of these per wave and let's add some archers!-Skeleton archers AI:Attack you a couple times > walk a little at a random direction > play annoying laugh sound > RepeatSkeleton archers are the most pure essence of evil, they carry bow-shaped assault rifles that almost never miss, does not matter if you are behind cover, dodging or surrounded, they will hit you and they will laugh until they♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.If you were bullied at school, you will absolutely hate this game.Archers also come in freeze attack versions.-There is also a strange mana-ghost-entity that has extremely high hp and launches area damage attacks, they also freeze you. Not much to say about this one, found only one and i died about 3 times fighting it... Plain pain in the♥♥♥♥♥..-There are hidden places scattered through the map where you can fall and die, just because.-The game is Linear, with a few extra paths that give you less sh*tty versions of the same ingredients you will repetitively get, take you to the same places and/or make you walk in circles, since the visual is very confusing, and there is no map.Oh, i forgot to mention! When you die (and you will, a lot), you lose the all the variable points that increase your loot value. And when i say loot, i mean repetitive spell ingredients. These points you get randomly when you kill something, and tend to go up the more useless spells you use, but sometimes not, it's random, try it if you are feeling bold, it's no fun and makes no difference at all, you'll die anyway...To say i expected much more from a game with no currency, no equipment, no side quests, no ""jump button"", no melee attack and shattering video card experience would be an understatement... Quest 64 (Or Holy Magic Century as some may know) is a better game than this..."
76561198094402734,Recommended,261760,9956816,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,throatzilla,"This Game looks great.. Yes, it has its (many) bugs, but this was execpted becaues of its early acess trait.  It has so much potential, and i cant stop playing it, and it makes you feel completly powerful, but it is very challenging at the same time.  I recomend this game, even in early access. Worth the price for sure."
76561198035887310,Recommended,261760,10749039,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cal,"Amazing visuals, great story and fun gameplay. Amazing game 5/5."
,Not Recommended,261760,34886672,Posted: 11 September,all,Havoc,"It goes from strikingly easy, boringly linear walking to almost impossible (if you haven't built your spells the right way) boss fights. Crafting is awful. Each element has 3 modes: AOE, direct, and defense. Spells only have 3 variants, with the boasted 1000's of spells being minorly statisticly different."
,Not Recommended,261760,13307789,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Klingenmeister,"I installed it, tried it and uninstalled it again. Did this 2 times already. Some day I will get this game finished, but I dont know when.Beside beside being a challenging game, there is nothing that stimulate you, to finish it.The pros:- very good looking grafics- simple to understand controls- learning from mistakes actually keeps you going- adapting to enemy behavior changes whole fightsThe cons:- completely linear levels- boring bossfights (only encountered the first)- boring fighting mechanics- boring fighting animations- stupid hopping around and kiting enemys all day long- unpredictable enemy behavior (you have a block-counter attack ability, but you cant actually predict how long an enemy takes to hit you, so often waste time with this)- total confusing crafting system- confusing overall interface- each of your items has a ton of stats and numbers on it, but beside damage and health I never understood any of them- not enough tooltipps- no item tutorial which teach you the item stats- no free choosing of your damage type at the start of the game-engine- save points- the whole saving system (never knew if I actually saved if I quit the game)- crafting systemSimply the whole game is a big confusion. I played a lot of complicated games, seldom used tutorials and always learned really fast how to use all features to my best advantage. But in most of the games, learning new stuff is fun!In this game, it is frustrating, confusing and overall doesnt feel right. Its like forced learning a school topic you really dont like.Lichdom calls you a mighty battle mage. You dont! You always have to run away, run in circles, walk backwards, blink, blink more and most of all...why the ... is your blinking ability only forward, while 90% of your combat movement is backwards. Have they even played their own game?No cooldowns. And why cant I use my blink as often as I like?Using spells like cooking a soup. First you dot them, then you dot them, then, when they start pulsating, you blast them away with a damage attack. While having normal attack powers, a big part of the game is about spell combos, that marks enemys with debuffs, so if you finally hit them with your damage spell, they get impressive bonus damage and instantly explode with great amount of overdamage that actually activate synergy attacks. I dont know what that is, because I never manage to activate such a thing. Like that, every combat is a big quick time event, where you always have to do the same thing. No combat tactics, no cover, no use of terrain.Last and I think least, the developers are really in love with themselves, which is the worst, that can happen to a creative mind. Never loose the ability to criticize your own work, or taking critics.When I opened a thread about the dull combat and bloated crafting system, they told me (and others) like ""go back playing COD if you dont like this"". Thanks a lot. Never played COD. I played good RPG games like NwN and good RTS like SC and AoE. Your game can be as challenging as it want, as long as it bores me to hell, I wont be able to finish it."
,Not Recommended,261760,31352626,Posted: 25 April,all,Simboker,"no meaningful spell variability in a solely mage-based gameno mage-badass feelingno skills, talents, attributesliterally no LOOT! just upgrade buttonsrepetitive boring gameplay, you keep doing the same 3 spells the whole gameno enemy varietyunappealing storynot worth time & money... even on a sale..."
76561198050823451,Not Recommended,261760,19797248,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,The Wizard Who Did It,"I really wanted to love this game.  The primary promise of the developers, to break away from the the typical, ""wizards are fragile"" paradigm is a really appealing one, and frankly, far more in line with most of the popular fantasty stories out there.But, Lichdom:  Battle mage doesn't deliver the fantasy of a powerful battlemage, as promised.  The biggest reason for this is that enemies absorb too much damage before going down.  How am I to believe that I am a baddass when random moster x takes three hits from my fire spell before going down.  Have you ever played a FPS, scored a headshot on a human, with a .50 caliber rifle, and then watched him return fire?  It feels silly, and that was how a great deal of this game felt for me.I am pretty sure that the shield system is supposed to make you feel more powerful, by giving you an alternative to retreating from enemies while you charge a spell, but the feedback from that style of spell is poor, and so it is difficult to know when you are ""doing it right.""The result for me, is that I found myself giving up on the shield system and just back pedaling from monsters as I tossed (too many) spells at them until they dropped.  This was tedious, and made and certainly did not make me feel like the badass spellslinger that I thought I was going to be.Other issues are also frequent.  The game does not seem to be well optimized in terms of performance.  I find that my system chugs while playing this game, wheras I can play other, more graphically intense games with no trouble.The gameplay starts to feel reptitive, as while there ARE technically thousands upon thousands of spells to create, most of them are just minor variations on each other.  This fire spell has a bigger area, this one burns for longer, that one has a stronger impact, et cetera.  There is little motivation to create lots of varied spells, as most enemies can be approached in exactly the same way.  Hence the tedium."
76561198043710637,Recommended,261760,24907288,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,doctorkickass,"This game is pretty fun, although a bit difficult sometimes especially grindy to get the right crafted spells and mods. The battles get a bit repetitive because most of the enemy groups are similar but there are some challenging new enemies who appear midway through to mix things up and differing environments make it feel fresh."
,Recommended,261760,24085628,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cosmos,"Many options for customizing your gameplay exist, but can be a bit overwhelming in the beginning. Combat makes you feel powerful, and the controls are fairly intuitive. If you are looking for a decent story, a dark, immersive setting, and the ability to blast things to dust, then give Lichdom: Battlemage a try! Definitely delivers on the 'I am a powerful mage!'-feelings."
,Recommended,261760,29949719,Posted: 15 February,all,Clasbyte,"Great Game!Pros:Good Voice ActingEasy do understand and use controllsNice StoryGood GraphicsNice SoundsCons:CraftingSpell CombosThere are not that many actuall spell combos, the most important but is to chain mastery debuff with destruction, that results in high dmg number what in turn results in overkill what fuels your synergie spells. And does usually just kill everything.A very nice game that could use some more real ""spell"" combos and a better crafting system. It is worth arround 20 bucks in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,261760,29772871,Posted: 7 February,all,Tao Pai Pai,"This game is just bad like, always the same thing and the spells arent even cool or fantastic they're just...spells.You have like 8 different kinds of spells, but to deal damage u have like 2, the others are either CC or mind control and necromancer summons.There are like 10/11 ""levels"" each one takes like 1 hour to completeIn the end of the game i was just relieved that it was over"
,Recommended,261760,29683483,Posted: 3 February,all,Myrhial,"In this first person game you are a 'dragon', a magic user who has access to different elements through sigils. Each sigil has a regular cast, a shield and an AoE variant. You make your way through several linear levels which have some extras to explore for those willing to take the time for it. However, as spells in this game get stronger based on loot drops, that isn't just busywork. Improving your spells in this game is the equivalent of gearing up in RPGs. In fact, it really reminds me of a first person version of the Diablo genre.I must say the game experience is improved a lot by the smart inventory system, as the regular one is just too complex. Yet it is nice that the game leaves you the choice which to use. I also don't experience the performance issues that some early reviews mention, and this is with a 4 year old mid range gaming system. Everything just looks amazing thanks to CryEngine.When it comes to calling this game repetitive, I'd say it is no more so than a shooter where you fire a variety of guns. Maybe the spell customisation could have been a bit more outspoken, but in the end I at least keep finding pleasure in magically hack and slashing my way through waves of enemies. There is the satisfaction of seeing them burn to a crisp or get zapped by lighting, and leaving behind a small pile of some teeth and bones when you're done with them. The game also rewards an aggressive playstyle where you go all in, and this is reflected in the character animations. You're not some timid old wizard, you are a badass 'dragon' who has a score to settle with the big bad after things got a bit personal.Lastly, if you just can't get enough of it all, there's a bunch of new game plus options, and you can at any time return to previous levels to complete side challenges or pick up collectibles if that strikes your fancy.So yeah, if you want a first person magical badass simulator, I very much recommend this game. It makes for some good stress relief."
,Not Recommended,261760,29694072,Posted: 4 February,all,Nomajin,"Where to start...The bad:I started out with my controller only to switch to keyboard after 5 minuttes. It simply doesn't feel right to use the controller with aiming and all that.I found the shield spell hard to comprehend, like there is missing some information to the player. This also made it hard to manage my hp and life.The crafting section is by no means userfriendly, it is in no way intuitive, which might be the reason that added a smart crafting function to do it for you. I then felt that I couldn't get influence on how my upgrades were spend. So you will have to choose the lesser of 2 evils.The tooltips on spells didn't seem to have had a test player in to give their opinion, I found myself moving around to find the actual tooltip for the spell, and not the spell class.Spell class mastery (fire, ice ect.) levels were only visible if you went into the custom crafting section.. hardly where I would expect it to be.Numbers, I was missing a bit of information about enemy hp, my own hp and shield hp. They give little introduction to that, only says that you got 3 bars - don't lose all 3, it is possible there is settings that can add this. I didn't use time on it.First time I wanted to upgrade my fire mastery skill, it took me almost 10 minuttes to find where it is. Once you know it is nice, and they did also give information about how to get there the first time, I could however not find it by pushing every button on my controller.. and the menu didn't have a link. I was about to go to the internet to figure out how to open up the charactor tap (Inventory).The good:It does however have decent artwork, and the controls for movement and combat is easy to learn."
76561198062677442,Recommended,261760,12470977,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,silberstahl,"What is this game about and who should play it?This game is a shooter. But not a typical shooter, since you will use self-combined spells instead of weapons and you won't need any ammo or even Mana. So you can fire as long as you want using the spell that you want.In short: The game focusses on beating up tons of evil opponents with spectacular effects. And mostly everyone you meet is evil.That is why the story is straight without interaction. It is just a nice narrative way to justify beating everyone up. The huge and detailed levels are straight, too. So you don't have to look for the next fight too long or walk the same way several times while nothing happens. Furthermore you don't need to be concerned with equipment like armor or any other secular stuff except the spell system.You start the game as a so called dragon with unlimited power to cast and forge new spells. The tutorial is well done to show you how to control your character and how to cast several types of spells like Nova, Area of Effect or targeted spells. You will also learn the basic principles of creating new spells in the tutorial. The rest is up to you to experiment on new spells and spell combinations. But you are free to read the journal where mostly everything is explained.During the game you can use classic elemental powers like Fire, Ice and Lightning but also Necromancy, Corruption, Delirium, Phase and Kinesis to weaken your foes and finally smash them with a huge explosion of what spell you ever used. As said before you can cast these elements as Nova, Area, Trap, Pool, Missile, Lob or Ray spell with three orientations like destruction, control and mastery (which is explained in detail in the journal) which is a total combination possibility of 168 different spells, each featuring different effects. In addition each spell consists of a shape and one to five augments, each with special characteristics like casting speed, critical chance and so on. So the developers don’t lie when they talk about thousands of spell possibilities, just like the developers of Borderland (another great shooter) promised millions of weapons.As conclusion this game is real fun for hours with great replay ability. And when you have once learned to use different spell types to weaken or control your foes before killing them the fights remain challenging but not impossible to win.By the way no spell needs three seconds to charge and you don’t need to block each enemy attack. Just blink away. ;)"
,Not Recommended,261760,11150016,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,YA BOY BARKO,"Re Review of this game.After playing the game Post-Release (presumably, considering there are areas that still show early access, including the review category) I'm sadly disappointed.Lichdom Battlemage has revealed itself to be nothing more than a laggy hardware tester/oculus rift dev kit toy. Why do I say this? read on.First, the story.The game's ""story"" hasn't changed at all from early alpha; badguys killed your wife, stereotypical old man figure gives you powerful tools for revenge, you go on a murderous rampage until the end. It's revoltingly easy to outright ignore at best, and that's the best advice I can give you, aside from this:DON'T BOTHER BUYING THIS GAMEthe story is bland, and cliche. ther is so little substance to it that I can't provide much of the review for it because there was simplynothing to review about it. With that said, on to more important aspects.Sound.like the story, the games sound is somewhat a slur where it is hard to understand what stereotypical old man's words of wisdom are, compared to the wild cacoughony of fireballs and undead chanting. It's one of those ""we're gonna need subtitles"" games. to make matters worse, the voice acting is so out of place I genuinely believe they tried to make it that way. its clear the intent was to make the characters relatable by their voice acting (god forbid they try giving them any actual character), but placing actors, phrases and terminology that comes from this day and age in a game that is principally designed to provide a fantasy atmosphere (and do absolutelynothing else) is borderline stupid.Next up, graphics. this is the big one.so clearly, now that we know that the game has no substance there's only two things it could be: a game-mechanic experiment or a graphical sandbox with obligatory linear storyline. or both, in this case.Now I will admit, the graphics on the game are throroughly worked through and incredibly high detail. unfortunately there isn't a computer on the planet capable of handling how poorly the game is optimized, and thusly, if you are intending on playing this game on maximum graphics with your Rift, you'd better get ready for an FPS that's measured in decimal numbers. The game is bearable on medium difficulty, and thats on a higher-end rig, and even then, theres stuttering. in short, the grapics are as great as they say, but you won't be able to actually play the game on those graphics.AND THE FINAL AND MOST IMPORTANT TOPIC OF THE REVIEWGAMEPLAYBECAUSE THATS WHY YOU LIKED THIS RIGHT?well guess what buddy?its nowhere near as spectacular as I would have liked for my ""Groundbreaking super-mage game""in my early access review I stressed the point that a vast majority of the spell Sigils/Elements are Identical in operation: one ball spell, one shield spell, one AoE, and a Blink. In the updates they did change the order of the elements, and they did actually give some of them different utilities (even if this makes some of them far too niche to be practical in 99% of battles) the frost spell is now an actual beam of frost that actually freezes enemies, rather than ""fireball with a frost skin"".while this is a benefit, the fireball still trumps the utility of all, and you really have to upgrade the other spells massively in proportion if you want to use them (in which case, why not just upgrade fire and one-hit everything, or should I saycontinueto do so) DOminant strategy is still rife in the game, I found. On top of that, the blink is still broken, meaning that you can't perform the attack as advertised within the game, as it doesn't account for holding the spacebar AT ALL.Finally, crafting spells: the other cornerstone of the game.in the E-Acc review, I mentioned that the ability to craft from inventory was debuggy, which is expected in early access. however it was introduced to the player early enough for them to experiment with it as a gameplay element.Three levels In on this playthrough and I still haven't been given any indication whatsoever that crafting even exists in the game anymore, aside from all the components, sigil level notifications and the tutorial (which explicitly ignores how to get to the crafting menu).♥♥♥♥ing. useless.In summary, the game has improved from Early Access, but you can't polish a turd, and thats as much consideration as you should give to Lichdom Battlemage"
,Not Recommended,261760,12277879,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,WhiteRaven417,"This game is incredibly beautiful and frustrating to play. To upgrade your spells, you have to use an incredibly complicated system to synergize, upgrade, or craft spells. 5 times out of 10 you will upgrade your spell to find out all it does is DeBuff your enemy instead of actually causing damage rendering all spells useless and you have to start completely over if you fall behind on spell strength because enemies get tougher and tougher. The graphics are outstanding but the gameplay needs a more intuitive spell engine."
,Recommended,261760,11896598,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,iNs_FliToX,Beautiful game with a lot of fun due to the spell crafting system ! Mages won't taste the same after this game !
,Not Recommended,261760,11611515,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,johnweythek,"Unnecessarily HUGE updates, never smaller than 6GB. Only way to beat some bosses is to spam them with crap spells until they get more powerful after dying OVER AND OVER AND OVER. Unexplained spell crafting that SUCKS. Mastery and control make no sense, i've tried switching b/t all types of spells hitting in different orders and none of it does anything other than damage category spells. Enemies spawn randomly and unless you have GREAT 7.1 you'll get killed by a weakling in the back while others annoy you from the front. Too much time spent on cryengine scenery and not enough on making ACTUAL thousands of spells. Yeah, thousands if you count everything you'd never ever ever ever use. I regret the cheaper alphsa purchase. This game should not be in full release if i'm still dl'ing a 7GB update today. Unless it's changing how EVERYTHING works and adding an even easier difficulty I'm abandoning this turd."
,Recommended,261760,11984780,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mattmon,"YouTube link with gameplay at bottom!This game rocks! They took a very new concept of both FPS and RPG and merged them in a very unique way. Bravo to the developers. The game is diverse enough to allow you to change your character and adapt for new roles on the fly. Even with this limitless power, you have to make strong decisions on what you craft and how you use it. Even a simple battle can feel rewarding when you snare the enemies in you magic and defeat them with out ever being touched.The story is my only issue. It is pretty hollow. However, the original Borderlands was as well and look how that turned out. I can easily compare this game to Borderlands. The developer took a risk with random generation in an action RPG and it paid off BIG.Character creation has a lot of trial and error, but even bad spells can make for interesting combat. Nothing is useless. Sometimes you have to adapt, somtimes you need to change. It's all up to the player.I recommend this game.If you want to see some gameplay, check out my YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTMDqBlbIF7n9rXVOM3Griw~MattmonThe Frigid Gamer"
76561198040532093,Recommended,261760,9572084,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ymo1965,"Just finished my first session and so glad I took the plunge and bought it. Gorgeous visuals even at this stage. Nice textures, even up close. For the most part it was really smooth even with DX11, sync @ 1080p. SFX were nice at this stage. The crumbling rubble/rocks from the ceiling throughout the cave really do add to the atmosphere. The spell wielding hands in view really do remind me of the classic Hexen of yesteryear, but brought up to date visually. Would of been nice to even have a warrior, archer, rogue class as well :)  Eitherway, I am pretty excited at what these talented guys have in store for us. This is what Skyrim should of looked like. A few bugs or glitches to be expected, but from what I have seen so far I have no regret in buying this (my first Early Access purchase). If you like RPG/Fantasy style games then buy today... 100% recommended!"
,Recommended,261760,10212756,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,An Idea,I honestly just love it so very very weirdly much.
,Not Recommended,261760,26323423,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,applekwisp,"The game tries to sell you and ""being the mage"" and having no cooldowns and such, but this is one of the most boring games I've every played in my life. The levels are long corridors with pointless little chatter and flashback moments to break up the monotony. The problem is, this just makes the game even more monotonous. The spells never feel very special no matter how much you mess with the crafting system. Theres no reason to be fancy as the game is so ridiculously easy leading with a control spell serves no purpose. The one thing that really bothered me is how SLOW your character felt. The dash limitation is almost as bad as having mana and cooldowns on your spells. This game has some good ideas, but even if you got it on super sale, I couldn't get through even 2 hours of this game without almost falling asleep."
,Recommended,261760,9579909,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Crookz,"This game is awesome so far, cryengine looks beautiful no doubt. Obvi alot of work to still do but I'm VERY intrigued with what's next to come. definately worth the 20$.."
,Recommended,261760,9570178,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Alhazred,"Awesome concept, and solid gameplay already. With some more polish this can be an awesome game."
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,261760,14033847,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"It's just Skyrim spellcasting with a difficult spell crafting system and unexplained mechanics. Just go mod some spells into Skyrim for a more satisfying and cheaper alternative.Lichdom: Battlemage is really all about building your spells. Yeah, you can cast them too, but the combat is really nothing new; if you've played Bioshock and The Elder Scrolls, then you know how this game plays. Lichdom is those, but without physical weapons, and it's linear.The problem with spell building in this game is the lack of explanation. There are really uninformative tutorials about ""Control Attunement"" and ""Mastery Attunement."" Basically, they make the enemy take more damage, and one ensnares them. But these extra effects don't happen 100% of the time, and Master and Control get consumed by... uh... something and then damage gets stored and... um destruction spells (of which there are more than Fire I guess?) go more damage and release the pent up damage.Except that this uncertain chain of events that you glean from shooting spells around doesn't even happen all the time, and the game doesn't even start you with the spells having their intended function. For example, the game plays a tutorial that says the Kinesis Spell should ensnare an enemy (make them unable to move). I lob my Kinesis at a charging monster, and he's like ""LOL THAT FELT CUTE"" and blades my in the nads.Wait, what? What did I miss? There's Mastery Tutorial, Control Tutorial... What's the actual difference between them, and how should they be used? Why do the enemies sometimes get the sigils above their heads? How does that sigil get there? Oh look, I just killed one with the sigil above its head and my spell does more damage temporarily, neat. Why does a freeze ray freeze the enemy, but the freeze missile doesn't? How come in the tutorial video it freezes the enemy but when I cast it, there's no freezing? What do the two bars mean during a boss battle? Red is health, but what is the green one?When crafting a spell, do I have to worry about attunement? Well the Contagion spell says it's affected by it, so probably. How do I do that, and why would I choose Mastery over Control? How come when I freeze an enemy they take extra damage from Fire but not Lighting?*** The game iteself never really explains any of this, which is a big problem considering that this is the entire freaking point of the game.***So, the one important way that this game is different from Skyrim or Bioshock has been obscured by a complete lack of explanation. So, you're probably going to end up turning on Smart Inventory, which is a mode specially included for people that don't want to spend their weekends reading FAQs on how/why/min-maxing. It basically does all the inventory management and upgrading for you.But then it's like, ""What's the point of playing this game?"" It's got a plot worse than Bioshock, and a spell list smaller than Skyrim. However, without this mode the game is neigh un-playable due to all the mechanics that aren't explained.I would regard this game as a proof of concept. It has the "":"", which tends to imply sequels. It is only worth getting this game in 2 circumstances: 1) you like extra-cirricular research and 2) you don't like starting a series at the 2nd installment, and you feel the need to actually play the first one to get a 'full immersion' in to the universe. Nothing wrong with that, if in fact the sequel is a game that is THAT good."
,Not Recommended,261760,10502637,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Frans,"The game is too linear.Casting (which you do all the time) is frustrating as it takes too much time to charge the spells.All the spells feel the same.And I don't know how they managed to make spell crafting simple and confusing at the same time.I'd rather just run through the whole game without killing any enemies if that was possible, I just dislike the combat that much."
,Not Recommended,261760,11159110,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Shadow,"Fun for a few hours but gets very repetitive, very quickly and it's pretty mind numbing once you get past the oooh and aahh of it all. It's pretty and could be more in the end, but there's not enough there for me to feel good about the $20 I dropped on it."
76561198034241302,Not Recommended,261760,14456545,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ramen Ronin,"Good Start, Drags On, Combat Gets Repetitive, Combat Gets Boring, Game Continues To Drag OnJust wanted the game to be over by the end of it.Spoiler Infused Rage at Completion:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2vgN1_lVek"
76561198043098538,Not Recommended,261760,16482749,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ashoten2021,"First off the games story is pooring and uninspired. For a game that prides itself on ""Makeing a Mage the badass"" you start out as some grease stain nobody whos girlfriend(boyfriend) is killed and now some wierdo in a robe gives you magic bracers. Your not a student of the arcane who spent years reading through ancient tomes to learn how to throw just one tiny spark of fire across a room or a knowledge theif who broke into a wizards library and too their secrets for your own. Nope you are just some idiot that got themselves killed and now has magic handed to them.Right off your not so much a mage as you are a dude who throws a few fireballs around. The second problem I ran into is that some of the game controls do not work as described in the tutorial videos(which themselves are disruptive to gameplay). The game tells you to hold down space while targeting to do a combo slide spell attack. This never worked for me after several minuets of trying all different combinations of the controls. The game also tells you that you can attune different elements to change how they fire but does not explain how to actually do this. It seems like something that is suppose to open up later in the game leaving me confused as to why it is brought up at all.The game boasts being able to mix and match magic but right away you are locked into only using fire or ice and have to cycle between them. Trying to adjust this at one of the waypoints(the only place you can make changes apparently) the slots are all locked at the begining. Some master magicial huh?These issues might be forgivable if the gameplay felt at all exciting or interesting. The few levels I played where all linear rail shooters designs with really predictable enemie A.I. In fact old school rail shooters like Serious Sam, Duke Nukem, and Doom have more inspired and open world designs despite being graphically dated. Additionally the 3 shield health system is an unessary break up of a normal health bar into 3 arbitrary bars. If they regenerated over time or gave you more power the fewer bars you have it might make it meaningful. Maybe this happens later in the game but I couldn't be bothered to struggle through many boring levels to get there.And to everyone out there who thinks I was not paying attention or just didnt give the game enough of a chance to figure thigs out the truth is the game didn't hold my interest enought for me to care to dive deeper and learn more. Also reading other reviews it looks like the gameplay stays the same throughout and you MUST have mastery equiped to a spell to even make it worth using.TLDR: I felt like more of a badass master mage plaing Darksouls and Magica."
,Not Recommended,261760,11383292,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Iunderstoodthat,"This game looks great. Absolutely amazing, in fact. It is, however very boring. The combat is very repetitive"
,Recommended,261760,17698043,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"So even doh this game has allot of bad reviews I still took the risk of buying it on sale.And to be honest in the first 2 hours I didn't really digg it, wasn't very good at it but I decided I wanted to finish the game.I also did not understand the crafting system, nor do I now really.Just to much effort to learn it, I just craft stuff up if it do's more damage and don't make my own spells.I can't have been that bad, because i finished the game on Battlemage Difficulty.And it took me 22 hours to complete the game on the first go, so thats a very great ammount of gametime.The Developer could have done a bit better of a job, because yes it can be very repeative.Ow I've been walking for 15sec and it's a big empty space I wonder if I get attacked now :PEven doh yes it can be repeative, it's still allot of fun the game for sure has allot of creativity in it.Different Elements you can use against monster at somepoint I made a great tactic to be effective against the monsters and do allot of damage.To recap it all, great game, allot of gametime and it can be repetitive and if like me you bought it on sale for 80% off then you had a good deal."
,Recommended,261760,12512739,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,AlexDragon,Amazing game brilliant if your waiting for elder scrolls 6 (alot of people are)since the last update its gotten so much better and its only going to get better!
,Not Recommended,261760,11934249,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ragathol,"Others probably said it better and with more words, but yeah: This is more of a ""run backwards in panic throwing fireballs and try desperately not to die"" game than a ""be a mighty wizard"" game. The fighting may be brilliant the first 30 minutes, then it just gets repetivive and kind of a pain. Which I guess shows how much game journalists actually play their games. The environments are amazing though, it's a very pretty game. But mostly annoying."
,Recommended,261760,19225655,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Quinator,"This has been a unique gaming experience, let's get straight to the point.Pros:Gameplay.Graphics.Performance on mid to low end rigs.Replay value.Cons:Lore feels flat and too basic.Several glitches that makes the game a little sloppy.Enemies AI is really lackluster.Game difficulty is related to which group of spells you decide to go with.All in all this is a must play game for people who loves to challenge themselves with unorthodox ways to win games."
76561197996035945,Not Recommended,261760,15910216,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ElTimablo,"There is a difference between difficulty and making the game unenjoyable. Dark Souls is fun difficulty. Rogue Legacy is fun difficulty. This is ""we didn't bother to balance the spellcrafting"" difficulty."
,Not Recommended,261760,18920705,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Lunokhod 3,"Now, I would say I love this game, because the gameplay is great.  The one problem is that this is one of those games where the devs release it as an ""Early Access"" game, and then abandon it a few months later.  Overall, the concept and gameplay was excelent, yet the devs kinda ran away with the game left unfinished."
,Not Recommended,261760,31961848,Posted: 25 May,all,DigitalTrip,Wanted this game to be good so so much. Thought it was my PC. Tried it on multible builds. An even feels jankey AF on Xbox ONE. Wish I never spent money on it in the first place.
,Recommended,261760,9599332,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Space Cowboy,"22\3\14Great game, beutiful graphics, good combat. right now its in pre-alpha stages so there are a lot of glithces and bugs and the skill tree is limeted but right now it 50% of its price when the full game will come out.Very reccomended.BTW Multiplayer would be aweasome."
76561198151603922,Recommended,261760,16480758,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,itsme_oncemore,Fun and fast its more of hack and slash than rpg imo but realy fun spell cration kinda hard at first but gets easyer more you play. to me its like doom or other fast paced shooters but with magic . Kind of hard you feel weak at first but thats every game  I dont understand the problem of repeditive game play(borderlands doom duke nukem diablo  and others)but to me i felt like ii hade to think more on what the it takes to kill some thing than just shotgun to the face story is lacking and with a good opener it kind of makes you wonder if the story was rushed or if it was two of them smashed together. I like it thoughNOTE  Go in to this game with hack and slash mind set and its real fun you go in to it with RPG mind set or True fps and you will be dissapointed
76561198121718704,Not Recommended,261760,23683868,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jabobomb,"Never have i ever been more disappointed in my life.I bought this game on sale a while back, was it a mega sale deal; heck no but i bought it. It looked so good when i looked at all of the vids and screen shots of the game, and then you play it and it all just starts to come to reality that i paid for a great steaming pile of turd in the form of magic. It had a nice enough concept, but the game itself is so repetitive and easy, even on hard mode this game is easier then my little pony."
,Recommended,261760,9617023,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,raven_silverblood,"Want to know if you should buy this game? Stop, you violated the law! (Oblivion reference in Lichdom? Yes, please!)In all seriousness, hold on for a second. This isn't a final product. You're not buying a finished game when you buy this. It's called ""Early Access"" for a reason. Yes, it's a game, but it's a work in progress, with special emphasis on the ""in progress"" part.First, let's adjust the Settings for your Expectations before you make your purchase decision, shall we? (By continuing to read this, you agree. Otherwise, Vine has some cute cat videos you can watch instead. Moving along...)If you expect this game to have:- Finished graphics, nearly no bugs, lots of features, perfect gameplay, flawless AI, balanced mechanics, etc.Then this isn't the game for you. And also, stop beta-testing and stop alpha-testing. Heck, stop buying ""Early Access"" games altogether, because you just don't get it. If you're going to buy an ""Early Access"" title, it's a preview. Alpha and Beta-testing mean you're there to find bugs, give constructive criticism (when needed), positive feedback (if deserved), and detailed/helpful suggestions to help move the game so it ends up as a masterpiece.This game isn't just ""any old game"". It isn't ready for prime-time yet. And that's alright. You're not buying a finished product, you're checking a preview and being able to give better feedback to the developers, so they can make this game so much better than it is now. If you buy this game early on, before final release, don't whine and complain about it, and don't be mad or emotional. You bought a preview of an unfinished game, and you got exactly what you paid for.If you aren't willing to put down money now for an unfinished game that isn't perfect, and if you aren't willing to give feedback, constructive criticism, and helpful suggestions, don't buy it. Just wait for the final version, and check some YouTube reviews before buying.Lichdom isn't like any of those other AAA titles you find out there, that give ""two weeks beta access"" which is just their way of milking more money from their customers and getting free marketing and hype for their game before full release. This is an *actual* game in progress, not a marketing ploy. I know in this day and age we're getting used to the idea of Beta-Access being a way of getting a head start in a AAA game before full release, but Lichdom isn't going for that. They actually *want* (and probably need) your help to find what works, and what doesn't. If you're willing to be part of the solution, join the community, because we need more people like you here (and in general!) to make this game go from good to great.Now... if you're someone who wants to know what seeing a game in development looks like, if you want to know what beta-testing games is like, and if you want to help shape the future of this game to get the features you want, fix the issues you have with the preview, and be a part of a community that is passionate about creating the ultimate battlemage game you've always wanted, then check out the next part. I'll cover the good, the bad, and the ugly in a moment (best cowboy movie ever reference? or best cowboy movie reference ever?).The Good:- Graphics are amazing, but that's what a CryEngine3 game should be like. (I run it @High Settings with resolution of 1280x1024 using a GTX 650 Ti Boost 2GB, and I get very little fps drop. @Medium settings I get no drop in fps.)- Great magic system. Simple, lots of damage, great effects, shows a lot of potential for combat.- The Crafting System is amazing! (Press ""I"" for ""Inventory"", and you'll also bring up the Items, Crafting, Equipment, and more areas for your character.)  It isn't perfect, and there's a lot that needs to be fixed before release. But there's so much potential here. If you're willing to put forth both time and effort into offering helpful and detailed suggestions for the developers, then you can help make this game great!- Monster sounds, soundtrack and in-game environment are *very* immersive - and sometimes terrifying. Play this game in the dark, with surround headsets on, and try playing until a monster spawns right in beside you. Just make sure you have an extra set of undergarments, because you will need to change them.- Combat is great, natural, flowing, innovative. I may be a gushing fanboy (or I probably sound like it), but it really is great. I love what they've done. Sure, there are some flaws here and there that can be overlooked, and a couple that can't, but it's pretty solid for such an early start, and that potential is why I don't regret buying this game.The Bad:- AI gets stuck. Monsters spawn only when you get close to a certain point, and you can easily kite them or get them into a tunnel where you can hit them more easily. It doesn't feel like you're fighting intelligent beings - it feels like you're fighting a simulation, which is 100% immersion-breaking when you cross an invisible line on the ground and monsters start retreaing while you pummel them with fireballs and ice bolts from a distance, or when you keep appearing from behind a corner and the monster sees you and doesn't dodge or blitz to take you down.- Fire magic is really weak compared to Ice Magic, and isn't really a viable option right now - which is bad since it's selected as your default school of magic, compounded by the lack of Tutorial, and that most keys don't show up the in ""Controls"" screen in the Options/Settings area of the MainMenu (""Press F1 for Help"" after you press ""Esc"" to get to the GameMenu screen when you start a new game). Besides giving Ice Magic some slow effects and some paralyze (read: freeze) effects, Fire doesn't have much going for it. I'd like to see Fire Magic as powerful as Ice Magic is now, rather than Ice Magic being nerfed so it's more like Fire Magic. (I guess, as a PC enthusiasts, I can't be blamed for always wanting ""Moar Pow-ah!"" Wait, why is there a forehead-shaped crater on my desk, and why is my forehead bleeding? Let me read my previous rambling and - ouch, that hurt!)- Barrier spell doesn't work well, and it's very difficult to time-block an attack. The lack of visual indicator to show when the time block starts and ends is a bit frustrating. I found dodging to be the only useful defensive thing. RMB doesn't have much practical use, other than LMB+RMB combo.- No voice acting. (It isn't a part of the game yet. That's why it's a preview, and not the full release.) Lore isn't immersive, even though it seems like it might be epic. Right now, it feels like we're stuck in the middle of a game and we don't know why things are happening the way they are. It feels like we've been dropped in the first stage after the tutorial, but with no tutorial, no lore, no background, and we're just left to explore and fight for no other reason than to survive.- Minor graphical shading/lighting bugs, with minor flickering of some objects and textures. Longer-than-desireable loading times. Occasional crashes to desktop.The Ugly:- Long-range damage is very heavy-hitting, and your character has very low health, so he's dead in very hits, with very little regeneration before, during ot after combat (except through items). It sounds nice, but I think I'd prefer something more rewarding, like gaining a bit of health for killing enemies.- Mini-boss fights have way too much health, and you've pretty much got to kite them all the way, while dodging the ranged and close-quarters attacks from the monsters they summon. There's a lot of grinding involved.- Lack of tutorial. Although I've added one here on Steam, in the ""Guide"" tab for this game if you feel like checking it out. If you're new to the game, here's the link:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=241547970Conclusion: I loved it and recommend it, no regrets. It isn't finished yet, so it isn't for everyone."
,Recommended,261760,10014882,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Zertyfire,"WHere do I start? Lichdom: Battlemage is a great game. With the new update, the scenes are voiced, and there is a story and an in depth tutorial. I really love this game. THe Devs should really add more types of magic. This game has crazy potential and is already very playable. Keep up the good work Xaviant."
76561198027941121,Recommended,261760,10084274,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,MortalCultist(AUT),"Finally, a firstperson-mage game. There aren't many out there but this one focuses only on being a mage. I really hope that this game gets hyped some more."
,Recommended,261760,10437557,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,RedMatter,"Honestly, since the game is still in early access, Lichdom: Battlemage is one of the best games i have ever played. The graphics are simply amazing! there is a story but its not so solid yet... the gameplay is amazing and so are the powers. At some points the AI are pretty stupid but there is no reasson to be mad because the game is still pre-alpha, i highly recomend for mage lovers to buy this game and if you are not into mages, this game will make you love them. I highly hope that Xaviant would upgrade the game engine to Cryengine 4 since its much cheaper.Ultimate thumbs up for this game!!"
,Recommended,261760,10584239,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Solaris-Han,"Fantastic game, far better than I thought it would be after looking at the steam page, however, the difficulty is a bit higher than I would like it to be in some areas, and lower in others.Great storyGreat musicGreat graphicsGood Gameplay"
76561198008281508,Recommended,261760,17567253,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,gruff001,play as an awesome mage with no mana costs or cooldowns.... epic
,Recommended,261760,18141335,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,AbedsBrother,"This is a first-person ""caster"" game (as opposed to ""shooter""), where magic is the only weapon. There are no cool-downs, no mana potions. Just a limitless well of magical ability, abetted by a unique spell-crafting system, good graphics, great voice-acting, long (occasionally boring) levels, great boss fights, and a serviceable-but-not-special story.First the magic. There are no other weapons. There are nine elements; each can combo with the others in different ways. Only three elements can be equipped at a time, so there are limits. Results can be explosive (like 27,000 points per combo). The spell-crafting system is deep. Guides are a must, but only the most rudimentary tutorials are provided in-game, so prepare to trawl the forums looking for tips. Fortunately, all spell elements have detailed descriptions; you can spend hours in the crafting window, tweaking and building new spells or breaking old ones apart.Unfortunately, the combat can actually get boring after a while.The enemies are don't vary much from beginning to end; you'll be fighting the same baddies in the final level that you fought in the caves early in the game.  While general level combat is ""same-y"", bosses offer a lot of variety. Several of them are hard as nails and require strategizing and careful spell-crafting to defeat.The path through the game is linear . Arcade levels with massive loot drops hide in caves and corners, so explore throughly. You can only save via checkpoint. Graphics are glorious; it's CryEngine 3, so expect the game to look as good as Crysis 3 (it will also strain your hardware). The voice-acting is superb; Jennifer Hale and Troy Baker have an excellent rapport, presided over by the somber tones of Clancy Brown (remember him from the original Highlander movie?). The story is passable, but after a while I stopped caring.While the repetition wore on me after a while, I still had great fun with Lichdom: Battlemage. It's kind of a hit-or-miss game, though; get it when it goes on sale if it tempts you. If you like it, you'll think you got a bargain. If you don't, then you won't have spent much."
,Recommended,261760,10564490,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Blue,like skyrim but with magic 10/10
,Recommended,261760,9787806,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Roflcakes Internet,"When someones really passionate about a certain style of play you get this kind of gameits already apparent that heart and soul is being put into making this game and im amazed that the game doesnt crash at every turn and click because with what you can do all at once it may make the game slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥now but iv never had it crash oncegameplay (as of now) is very basic for those people who arnt so good with the mage style gameplaybut layered is a vast amount of combos actions and defenses that you can pull off for those people that really love to play as a magei only wish a big time company hired them on in order to complete this faster and with a larger budgetnow when people ask ""whats a good mage style game"" the only answers wont just be Skyrim and Magicka and (small unknown game that only a few know about)"
,Recommended,261760,9874275,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gunt Chungis,Awesome!!! just needs Jumping
76561198060205352,Recommended,261760,9631952,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,lachiemck,"I've only played a short amount of the game at the time of writing this, but I think I can see a lot of promise in this. This looks like it'll be a great game when finished. The minimum requirements are a bit steep, but with this being pre-Alpha I wouldn't expect anything to be optimized yet. Again with the level design seen here, I wouldn't be surprised if the gameplay here doesn't even show up, or is completely different.I love the idea of being an aggressive, close-quarters mage. Other games have you feeling like a soldier with a magic gun, using only available spells. This game has you using magic as a dynamic power source, almost as if YOU are the person making the magic with your mind. No choice of applications, just whatever you want to do.There are bugs in this game, and I did experience a decent amount of low FPS (although I am running a fairly average 3-yr old system, so that is likely from my end). However, being pre-Alpha, it is to be expected. I'm actually surprised that this isn't just a closed, boring test room with no real background.In short, I highly recommend this game. There are rough edges, but that is to be expected for pre-Alpha. I am very excited for what this will be like when just in Beta phase, let alone fully finished."
76561198094120236,Recommended,261760,10525332,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Phaosis,"great game especially if you like mages and magic and all that stuff, its a bit buggy but  that's to be expected from an alpha.sometimes opens in a small screen which is kinda annoying"
,Recommended,261760,10981235,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,T I T A N,"This game is really cool!  If you're looking for an amazing, immersive experience, you're looking in the wrong place, though.  This was made to be a GAME; a constant fight, all in one, long, fun-as♥♥♥♥♥♥battle arena.  There's not much story to it (NOT that that is bad, because it's NOT).  The voice actor for your character (if you are male) is the same man who played as Booker DeWitt in BioShock Infinite:Troy Baker.  If you're familiar with any of the games he's been featured in, especially BioShock Infinite, then you will INSTANTLY be far more attached to the game.  Also, this game is in early-access alpha.  There's going to be MORE.  This is pretty good-looking game.  You should try it if you loveinteresting magic battles and constant progression."
,Recommended,261760,9859110,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mr.Grim [King of Australia],im kinda more into this game little by little but i want earth shattering spells like a feeling that i have just Obliterated an area while using an awesome skill.that's what gets me the impact from the spells like a mage game should just be purely destructive and i wanna be more invested in my character and story cant wait for it though its going to be goodstill buggy but worth getting
76561198077655602,Not Recommended,261760,13725374,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Banana Christ,"I should've listened to the reviews I read. The story line seems reminiscent of a bad porno, trying so very hard to have a plot, but failing miserably. I only bought this because this was on sale and I had hopes that the mage would be a badass. Yes you can customize all you want, but combat comes down to boring rote.There are no redeeming qualities of this game. Plot is terrible if not nonexistent. Combat is outplayed and just plain bad.  Graphics could be put to shame by most games made a decade ago.  Sound and background music actually gives me a migraine.Save your money. Go elsewhere."
,Recommended,261760,15600046,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Luna,"Absolutely awesome. Create your own spells, and finally play as a mage that isn't underpowered and nerfed to high hell. 10/10"
76561198003625758,Not Recommended,261760,11439537,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Akenmaat,"A lot of what I didn't enjoy about the game can be found at the link below, but suffice to say the game is more about spamming combinations of fairly weak, basic spells than about crafting awesomely powerful spells. Movement and casting felt very clunky. And while it is technically true there is no mana bar or spell ""cooldowns"", there is still a casting time and it does take time to charge some versions of spells, so same difference really.http://steamcommunity.com/app/261760/discussions/4/37470848423377721/So unlike the commentary, my mage never felt like a badass.Also be aware that many of the gameplay videos are of pre-alpha and alpha gameplay, so are drastically out of date and show features that have been removed (such as the nova on quick teleport and time slow teleport)."
76561197995197010,Not Recommended,261760,11591142,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Uber pale,"Unless you are a champion dodger, do not buy this game. with the archers constantly spawning during boss fights, it makes it practically impossible to win without wasting hours of your time."
76561197971493561,Not Recommended,261760,34765217,Posted: 5 September,all,GearofWar,"Game was good in EA, but they stripped out what was great and made it crap."
76561198066337263,Not Recommended,261760,22157647,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Too Twink To Wink,"I'm not recommending this game BUT, if the combat and spell crafting mehcanics interest you and you have money burning a whole in your pocket and a steam library already full of better games, you might wanna get this anyway. I bought this game a while back when it much cheaper, I think when it was still beta, I can't remember exactly - ANYWAYI had a lot of fun with this game untill I recently reached a point in the game I can only describe as unbalanced. The game was going pretty good for me up untill this point, the graphics are pretty good, the spell effects are nice, the crafting mechanic is fun and varied (once you learn how to use it which admittedly could use more explaination game wise) and all the different ""sigils"" or spell types are fairly unique. The combat was to a degree repetitive, the game is very linear, but I still really enjoyed the combat and mixing up different spell combos and figuring out how different sigils interact together, crafting spells that fit each one etc.The story is another well... story, its... probably not the worst story ever, but certainly nothing to praise, the characters are not too interesting, the story's not any better, the voice acting meh. probably one of the games weaker points. I was not capitivated by any part of the narrative, and I'm someone who can appreciate a good story. This is not a game one plays for the narrative is all I'm sayin'. You can probably figure out if the combat portion is for you by reading my and others reviews, and if it doesn't sound like you'd love it, you'll probably hate this game.Despite all that I still thoroughly enjoyed my experience, I was just playing on the default difficulty lvl 3/4 I believe, and for the most part having a grand ol' time blasting enemies away with my spells. I managed not to die (except for one time i slipped into water and drowned, oops) untill I reach this big boss, now this boss killed me probably around 8 times and ate over an hour of my life. If I was looking for this kind of excruciating frustration, I would've bought Dark Souls. Keep in mind this game has been for the most part easy to slighly challanging up untill this point (which is generally the kind of experience I look for in a game) so I was quite taken aback at how drastically different the difficulty was. It was like someone turned the amp from a 4 to 11, I honestly think this is a fairly big flaw in the game, something of a balance issue, since even if you like getting your guts ripped out your♥♥♥♥♥and handed to you on your tibia, youd have to mow your way through around 9 hours of squishy punching bags. I take no problem with games that demand alot from their players, I admire the Souls fans, but a game that goes 0 to 100 (real quick) with no warning like this is simply flawed. Myabe i'll return tomorrow and swallow my pride and just lower my difficulty, or maybe i'll just buy Dark souls finally, or maybe i'll just shoot myself, I don't know which yet, but I WONT recommend this game unfortunately, despite its many good aspects. I personally feel that this game came close to being a good game, but didn't quite make the cut."
,Not Recommended,261760,21446403,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,[Tech] Nogohoho,"It's really poorly made, and boring. Not even that pretty either. The single saving grace is the good voice actors, but they don't make it any kind of fun. :\"
,Not Recommended,261760,21633797,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Arubarius,"Picked it up on sale. Good looking game with terrible pacing, needlessly punishing difficulty and boring enemies. I think it's one of those that really prides itself on its ""difficulty"" without having the polished controls it needs to make that fun. I really wanted to like it. I'll give it another run but I definitely would not recommend it currently."
,Not Recommended,261760,28322423,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,✪ Worm,"Extremely repetitive, lackluster story, meh gameplay. Suffers from FPS issues on some rigs as well. Great graphics can only go so far. So unless you find this game for $10 or less..I don't recommend it."
76561197991085701,Not Recommended,261760,13411154,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ferden,"Meh. Bought it on Sale.Pretty game overall. Storyline is decent. But gameplay gets repetitive. They claim that you can make thousands of spells, but there isn't really that many. They could of done much more work in making more unique spells and options for crafting.  Changing the graphics a bit to give the spells some design would of also been nice. Really, there are about 6 different spells; missle, lob, ray, Burst(shield), Ranged bomb. And then the super ♥♥♥♥♥in black hole one you see in the trailer that you probably want to use. But really that's just another ranged bomb.Overall 3.5/10Could of been much better."
76561198011476224,Recommended,261760,26210030,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Morukk,"This game is great, all the downvotes here are butthurt people that can't comprehend the crafting system. Literally play around with it for like 2 minutes and you will understand the intracacies of it.Gamers these days need a bright glowing animation and a wall of text to explain stuff to them because they don't care, or are too stupid, to try to figure out anything themselves.It's a fun game, linear yes - bosses are somewhat challenging in that you have to keep up with them for a long time.The people who say it's repetitive are the ones that are too stupid to figure out the crafting system and are missing like 70% of the game because their inability to logic.Story is pretty interesting too,  noticed a lot of the ""crafting too hard"" people also couldn't follow the story - imagine that."
76561198015292590,Recommended,261760,11878034,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Michaeliberty,I really enjoy it. Needs a bit more polish but it's really fun.
,Not Recommended,261760,13353010,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Snus,"The game is too linear, too repetative and too boring to recommend."
,Not Recommended,261760,11233102,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Villiam Von Doom,"Abit of thebland here, and abit of old style mage fire ice cliche there. You've got Lichdom: Battlemage. Nothing outstanding, There are better RPG with more awesome magick out there"
,Not Recommended,261760,11769569,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,sphodromantis,"You just end up left clicking through the whole game, because it becomes pointless to even use any cc.Really boring spells, game tries to be hard (Dark Souls wannabe style).Was hoping for some cool spell interactions and abilities, they ended up just being 3 different kinds of spells with some minor additional effects depending on the element used..."
,Not Recommended,261760,11962929,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Nick Crompton,"This game looks great and appears to have an amazing gameplay style filled with action and adventure, nope. I spent $40 of my money and 7 hours of my time giving this game the chance it deserved, but it failed me. The gameplay is incredibly repetitive and tires before you even get to find the good spells. Sure the graphics are pretty stunning and there are beautiful landscapes but they are drowned out by the monotonous gameplay and the completely lackluster storyline. One of this games main points is that the enemies are brutal. All enemies are easy to kill except the bosses which are just huge spikes in difficulty. All that happens is they get an insane amout of health and take almost 15 minutes of your time just to kill them. I would not recommend this game to anyone unless it was on sale. Do yourself a favor and spend your $40 on something that deserves it."
,Not Recommended,261760,14441491,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ate50eggs,"The most exciting part of this game is when you ALT-TAB out of it to figure out your crafting plan in an Excel spreadsheet. That sounds like a joke, but if you don't, you won't get past the first mini-boss. It's arbitrarily rigged to require a particular build. I mean, Idolike Excel, but still. This game is a slog."
,Not Recommended,261760,13299235,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Fear Gingers,"This game really isn't good, i bought at 70% off and still regret it.The crafting system is overly complex and conveluded without much explanation given to the player. Levels are linear and monotonous and enemy fights are repetitive and uneventful.Boss fights even worse so as you can't move much when casting but still need to dodge boss attacks and the vast amounts of mobs that spawn. Do too much damage too quickly to a boss and too many enemies will spawn for you to handle.It's really not a well developed game and leaves you feeling like you're having to fight against the game to play it.Don't buy it"
,Recommended,261760,25221222,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Green Space Dorito,Great game! Weak story but awesome spell generation! Played on one breath.
76561198044947976,Not Recommended,261760,28782188,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DMysterLee,This is the ONE game that I have in my library that I regret buying.
,Recommended,261760,16883196,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dr_ClownBaby,"People have unrealistic expectations I think...So let me help you out; If you want a game like Skyrim look elswhere.  If you want a linnear, well made, magic based FPS then this is your game.The game IS very linnear, but it is also VERY fun.  There are a lot of ways to mix and match spells.  You can get really deep into the spellcrafting and micro manage your items to maximize the effect, or you can auto craft and just play.  First few hours I auto crafted until I got the hang of the spells.  Now I can craft EPIC spells.There are only a few types of enemies, and you will often feel overpowered, but then a strong enemy will come along and put you in your place.  The boss fights are tough, sometimes really hard in fact, but all managable.  The graphics are pretty sweet too!  I couldnt play (well) on my laptop, even though I easily met minimum requirements, playing on lowest settings.  Still only got like 20fps a lot of the time, it was pretty rough.But the game IS really fun IMO, but do a bit of research, because it is a very linear straight forward game.  But it is fun as hell to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up with awesome magic.78/100- definitely worth it during a sale under $15"
76561198025495758,Not Recommended,261760,14902723,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Fygment,"I voted this game down for one reason, which may seem trivial to most people but which is important to me.  In a game which is all about making magic cool, and which has the the word ""battlemage"" in the tiitle, I would expect to play a mage.  In Lichdom however, you are not a mage at all, but rather a mage's lackey with no powers but those which come from a magic glove your puppetmaster gives you so you can better do his bidding.  This seems like an incredibly stupid design decision, basically a slap in the face to players.As I said, many people may not care about this, and if you're one of them ignore this review.  It was a deal breaker for me though."
76561198027132572,Recommended,261760,9980480,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The_Jozze,"This game is still in pre-alpha so it's under heavy development. The update yesterday for example had ~ 4 GiB of material, so rest assured that the team is working hard to deliver a pristine experience. It plays very well already, there are not many nasty bugs, and this game does exactly what the guy in the video says it would. It makes you into a mage badass.With the latest update they added a bit of an introduction into the game as well as a tutorial, and what previously was solely combat focused is now getting molded into an RPG. I'm quite impressed with the game so far, I wouldn't suspect it's not even in the alpha stage.While I wouldn't say that it's the only or the first game that unshackles the mage, it's definitely one that decided to take a unique approach to it.In any case, it's an Early Access game, and if you feel you want to get a sneek peak into the game as it develops, or if you want to support the vision of the game, I would most certainly recommend it. So far it was well worth the money."
76561198073821205,Recommended,261760,10000415,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,StormFirestar,"Great so far, still needs work but so far very good at making the mage a stand alone warrior able to handle anything thrown at them."
,Recommended,261760,11995324,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Zendou,Love this game. Love the spell crafting sys and the game mechanics. Well done!
,Not Recommended,261760,19832384,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Semper Fil,The variety in spells boils down to which particle effects you want your ball of damage to have. It's also pretty boring.
,Recommended,261760,16368718,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MrBalls,"If you like a more drawn out game of attirition vs a crafting system and enjoy running down a long tunnel shooting things, you'll enjoy it.Feels and plays as a console port and underutilises the power of a PC. Open world would of been nicer, this is a one way system rpg or tunnel game.No harm done paying a few dollars for this during a sale."
76561197987983395,Not Recommended,261760,15747523,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Love Factory,"Gameplay is monotonous. Game back months later to see what the devs have done with the game, and I see they've done nothing.I guess this game is dead and won't ever be finished.This game had potential. It just ends up not being fun to play."
76561197976511201,Not Recommended,261760,25834376,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Blazikenowen,wouldnt recommend it except if you love long drawn out levels with way to many enemies overly op enemies at times and like being told theres more spell combos then there are (most of the combos are same♥♥♥♥♥♥different element and theres only like 8 elements most of which you wont use as only two elements are actually decent the first being fire which you instantly get and the second is the third spell you get which actively buffs the fire spell for a bit) honestly I cant recommend this game while the first few minutes are fun the same enemies just keep appearing with no change but stats after a few chapters which are made to draw out the game way longer then it should be the story is shoddy at best be main character hunt down bad guys (who just to draw out the story like to run away aton) and yea its really not worth full price I honestly wish I hadnt bought it full price and wish I could get a refund honestly but due to well first of all only now getting a pc that can run it and being bored enough to just go through it to say its finished its safe to say I cant refund it anyway if you want it get it at low price not high
76561198026350434,Not Recommended,261760,16490563,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fork1Over,"Here's where I'd put my review of Lichdom...If I could play it.  It crashes to a black screen after five, maximum ten minutes of gameplay.  Turning the graphics settings down to the absolute minimum does delay the crashing, but doesn't eliminate it.  If this issue were unique to my PC alone I would understand; my card is a fairly uncommon, problematic model (nvidia geforce gtx 690.)  However, some googling and reading of others' reviews has told me that I am not alone here.I bought this game for five dollars, and I ""five-dollars"" like it.  I do not, however, ""five-dollars"" and ""five hours of googling and dicking around with settings to fix endless crashes"" like this game.  At this point, I would rather have that money instead of this game.  I'd use it to buy a fast-food hamburger, and have fewer regrets."
,Recommended,261760,9771271,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Rixas,"It's still in Pre-Alpha stages but looks very very promising.  It's truly a mage game that makes you a badass mage.  You can either dash out of combat and whittle your enemies down at a distance or charge into battle, dashing behind enemies and unleashing massive destruction right in your enemies face.  The spell crafting system is promising and hopefully we'll see more options for customization later."
76561198051883484,Recommended,261760,9895581,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,EliteSIM,"Great graphics, a bit buggy near the end.. played 9 hours of it, was really awesome, a bit repetitive. need more spells, a couple of menu fixes like showing your current spells dps etc when making a new spell would be helpful. I could also glitch the graphics so i had swirling blackness around my chracter during play by wlicking through the menus and exiting fast. Controllers work great! Needs an introduction, i couldnt hear any of the dialog for some reason. Introduction in adding sigil bonus's would be good. I cant wait for more levels to come, or the whole completion of the game."
76561198093358690,Recommended,261760,9925778,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,trilands,its an interesting game idea but so far the character seems to be draged down by charge time restraining you from an op experience i havent yet seen what abilites lay beyond ice and fire but if possable summoning would be an epic adition to the expereance. these are just a few sugestions but i am excited to see this game finished. also the archers are a little op and kill in 2 hits witch kinda sucks but i can live through it. GL on the game hope its awsome :3
,Recommended,261760,9941531,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Muzicant,"What can i say about this game... it is every spellcasters wet dream. think about it the stuff that makes us mad, cds and mana bars, yeah they're gone. you may think that makes the game to easy, your wrong. it the enemys in this game have more health then you can imagen, it takes alot to kill them and high damage attacks some even have shields of they own, making the game a challange. i have been having SO much fun despite the many bugs. 1 suggestion when i make and cast a persistent spell id like it to be well... prersistent. single target spell turn into channeled rays when they're persistent and AoEs are like constent say like a persistent hailstorm make it a hail STORM. make the time it storms based on mastery or somthing. but yeah that has been the only down side."
,Recommended,261760,9943753,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,smokeythefuzzbear,"I love this game. It just seems that it is hard for some players to understand the fact that this game is not done yet, which is why it has issues."
76561198027029456,Recommended,261760,9996571,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,❄CyberEzo01®,Very good visual game . I hope it's support the Oculus Rift headset
,Recommended,261760,10257739,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Gamamoto,"Tired of waiting for your mana to fill up ?Then this game is for you ! Beat the crap out ouf the bad dudes by being a machinegun mage !Throw every tiny bit of magical power to the face of your ennemies by cutomizing your skills and crafting more powerfull ones.Lore is really nice, graphics are good but some glitches still and particle effects are not that great.But the game runs well an is a ton of fun."
,Recommended,261760,10519717,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,MambaRanger,"I saw this mentioned in the latest GameInformer...it caught my attention just by the title...or better yet the word ""Battlemage"" The preview review given was positive, so i hoped on steam and watch the trailer...needless to say i was impressed and got the intial alpha.They are making changes pretty quickly to the menu, but i was not upset as i figured things out, the mini tutorials were a nice.Xbox controller support indicated on the inital run, but i haven't actually checked if it works yet.Enemies take a couple of hits to bring down, the variety so far from the intial alpha to now is interesting and forces you to think not just long range attacks but up close with the different types of spells and the elements involved.Still haven't mastered the ""perfect block"" shield technique, but its a clincher in fightsExperimented like crazy so far, currently like producing an ice attack that freezes my enemies, then following up with an AOE fire attack that does burning damage afterwards.My latest run i just got the gravity element...haven't experimented enough attack wise or creating spells yet, but created another ice spell that makes me feel like Sub-Zero :)I look forward to the finished product."
,Recommended,261760,10527065,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SunsOut,"This game has a lot of potential which is a good sign considering it's still in Alpha, what i would like to see in the future would be a few more magical elements to play around with and maybe even a combination system (Fire+Earth=Lava?). Aside from that a few tweaks here and there and this could end up being a seriously fun game!"
,Recommended,261760,10643023,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KrimsonKrypt,"great game so far, cant wait to see how much it grows and gets better! keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,261760,10664955,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tempest,Badass game 4sho. You should try it if you like this type of games i mean ACTION/RPG thing tho. Awesome graphics cause of CRYENGINE3 and decent gameplay! 9/10 ~
,Recommended,261760,10673067,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,stonygarcia777,"I got this game on a whim, and it is amazing. I played for over an hour as soon as it was installed. It promises no mana bar, unlimited magic, and it delivers. The graphics are a treat, and on the Very Low setting, it plays beautifully on my laptop. Definitely give this game a try."
76561198100640394,Recommended,261760,10678456,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BakaSenpaiKun,"so far, as i havent finished the tutorial, the game is amazing, beautiful graphics and great combat, however if anything the introduction is a little difficult for anyone who cant get the hang of it so quickly, and i havent been able to target my blink for some reason either. however this game is by far the best i have played of its genre."
76561198123291601,Recommended,261760,11147134,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Zainazor,i love the game i love playing a mage in RPG games and i felt like a walking bada**
,Recommended,261760,16696483,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Flakk_Munky,"Pretty fun, the interface is simple and easy to learn. The levels as mentioned by previous reviewers are huge but with only a few waves of enemies with large gaps between. Some of the wave challenges feel drawn out to fill space and create a time sink.The crafting and upgrading of the spells are fun and interesting allowing the player a lot more control than in previous games. You do feel like you have a whole ton of hidden power just waiting to be unleashed on your foes. I do find in the earlier levels I have to groups of enemies then use the fire aoe to stop being swarmed but good use of the teleport and enviornmental objects makes this more than achivable."
76561197992560185,Recommended,261760,10513187,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jumpyflash,"I really like the cast system. the graphics are pretty good, as good as many AAA games. The cast system is something that you will have to learn, if you want to become really powerfull, but it is deep and fun. I will have many many hours of fun playing this overpowered mage!"
76561198064136868,Recommended,261760,10618010,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dc040583,"This isn't a great game. I really expected it to be; I really, really did, but it isn't. The way magic is implemented in this game is a great concept, but the execution is mediocre. The interface for crafting spells is overly complicated, and the only thing spells are good for is blowing stuff up. Where's the healing? Where's the summoning? Invisibility? Where's the COOL? Ok, there is 'blinking'. Not quite teleporting; more like a fast dash-dodge move that calls itself magic, but still a slight redeeming virtue.The graphics had potential. I'd be thrilled if they weren't so close to their finished form. Unfortunately, they need a little bit more than refining and polish. They manage to take a top of the line gaming engine and highly sophisticated techniques and produce something that, in terms of the way the characters move, reminds me of Warcraft III. The environmental scenery is better than that, maybe close to Skyrim, but... it's really easy to spoil the overall graphical feel of the game by neglecting one area, and that's really what happened here.The plot had potential. Unfortunately, it was wasted on what amounts to a TV show where you happen to twiddle your fingers a bit. Where's the interaction? Where's the drama? Where's the picking-what-your-character says??So. The game had potential, but didn't live up to it. I know, I know, it's still in alpha, but... I'm starting to think that alpha versions are actually fairly far along in the development phase, and they're not really going to change it all that much. So I'm prepared to conclude, now, that these flaws and shortcomings don't make this a BAD game. They just make it a MINOR game. No Skyrim here. Just a little placeholder time-waster to fiddle with while you wait for the next real game to come out. I'm giving the game my recommendation because at the moment, and by modern standards at least, it's still a fairly cheap game. But, if they ever start charging over $30 for it, I'll change this to 'not recommended'. The game just isn't worth that much in today's market. Sorry guys."
76561198033402342,Recommended,261760,10639709,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mrnikiter,You can be a mage! Several abilities you have is simple but rely on timing and strategy. Each ability also can be heavely modified. Sems to be interesting game - easy to start hard to master. And you can be a mage! PS You wont be sa cool mage as in Magica but its close.
76561198028458010,Recommended,261760,10692721,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thanatos0492,"I just got this a few days ago, but it has quickly moved towards the top of my favorites list. The spell crafting and different sigil combinations are fantastic. I highly recommend this if you enjoy fantasy games."
,Recommended,261760,17142366,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Al,"If you like magic and blowing things up Lichdom is great.The game looks pretty, although not spectacular despite using CryEngine 3, and facial animations are very lacklustre. It makes up for it with copious amounts of destruction and a rather neat spell crafting system.You start off with 2 basic spell Sigils/schools; Fire and Ice. One for destruction and and one for crowd control. Later on you unlock the ability to have a third active school. There are also more schools to unlock, and with each you can customise and create somewhat unique spells based on basic templates.Defeating an enemy releases magic, which you absorb in the form of little upgrades, these can be combined to create more powerful versions as well. From Common, to Epic, and finally Legendary ones. You then use these to either create new spells, or upgrade your current arsenal.The game is fast paced and I think does first person spell casting rather well, although since you're not a proper mage you are limited in ability.The story is interesting, although certainly nothing as gripping as the likes of the Witcher 3, or Baldur's Gate. Lichdom is more linear than I, and many would like; but it's still rather fun. Although it can get very repetitive as there are only so many different enemies and models. Instead of adding more it does something similar to Diablo 3. It gives some special attributes such as extra life, novas, speed and special spells.Though not very original, it does help flesh out an already small array of foes.The mini bosses, and actual bosses however are spectacular, and come in all sizes from medium to downright gigantic. They're also extremely challenging; as long as you're not on the easiest difficulty settings.It does feel like the game needs better pacing though, I rarely feel a sense of urgency or dread with hordes of enemies or some boss fights, and moving from area to area feels samey. It could have done with extra work here.Despite these apparent flaws, I do enjoy the game. Especially since being a battlemage rocks, and I love facing undead with my very own undead and raining fire down on my foes.It's not amazing, but it's fun. Look for the game on a sale to get the best out of it.PC Gameplayhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RvxV-MSPj4"
76561198032890540,Recommended,261760,9922535,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,LemonLord007,"A nice game which gets boring after a while, maybe it's just 'cause you dont have many attacks available in this alpha. Definitely has potential to come up as a great game in the future, but for now 15€ is too expensive."
76561197972428517,Recommended,261760,16044167,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Skull,"Fantastic game, great graphics, punchy sound, makes you feel supremely powerful. Some fights are hard, but not unbeatable needs some commitment to beat 'em. Not for your lightweight gamer!"
,Recommended,261760,9921035,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,CiderCask,"For a pre-alpha release, this game has delivered good graphics, a coherent plot (even without sound or complete animations), and a functional core that has kept me hooked for hours at a time.  The one thing to beware of if you are interested in purchasing this before it is complete is that while the core gameplay mechanics are there, they do not scale evenly along with the levels.  This leads to encountering points where all you can do to progress is grind, die and acquire as much loot as you can to power up your spells to make it to the next checkpoint.The system for leveling up spells scales according to loot gained from different tiers.  This unfortunately means that you can never reach a point where you are overpowered because the AI at the farthest point will come at you in force and use coordinated strategies that work best when using more than one element.  Since each element has a unique combination of buffs, damage and timers, no single element will work well against a coordinated balanced team [of AIs].  All in all it challenges me to go through regions with a conservative play-style or die in two hits.-@ The Development Team-While I do appreciate the work that has gone into the level design and the high resolution assets present throughout the first two levels,  there is little stress put on why you are encountering said finely crafted assets.  Considering the amount of time spent grinding in one given area, the visually pleasing environment offsets the boredom that grows after fighting through a section half a dozen times.  If the developers would incorporate a map or a ruined map to show what was at your location that might well add the necessary significance to the setting and encourage players to explore some side passages and pay more attention to the models.  Varying how loot containers look might also encourage players to take a closer look at the world and not aim for just the mobs or glowing glyph in front of them.  If the user experience is derived from how long you can kite mobs or how much effort is put into grinding and subsequently building spells, the end result seems too shallow for a game with so much potential.I have enjoyed the pre-alpha version and in consideration of the work put into building the current version (2014.04.08.47440) I give it 8/10.PS: In future versions, utilizing non-combatant npcs (seemingly random flocks of birds) as triggers/signals for [initially] neutral enemies would add some nice diversity to opponents."
,Recommended,261760,10192149,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Isakane,"The very idea of a badass mage game was very interesting so I took on shot on this early access game and I am very glad I did. The controls and simple and intuitive and pretty quickly I was teleporting in and out of close range mixing it up with long range AOE attacks, well timed blocks that reflect whatever the current element you're weilding back on your attackers and the blink nova attack attached to your teleport. Like a lot of action oriented games I can see the game maybe becoming a little repetitive but since this is early access I have high hopes htat the devs will mix up the combat more as the game progresses. Although early in my playthrough so I only have 2 elements so far the idea of swapping elements on the fly to mix up attacks and strategies is a fun one. The crafting system is also fun as you try and discover the different ways the sigils combine to boost everything about your spells from the pure damage, to damage over time status effects and even the speed of the casting or charging of the spell. The story is interesting so far and hasn't detracted from the game at all like so many games have done in the past. All in all a good start and I wish the devs luck with the rest of the games creation. It is good to see another Early Access game that is working and fun to play. Get the fun down first and you can refine the experience as you go.I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who likes to be a badass magic user but is tired of the whole ""glass cannon"" trope that means you can't take many hits before going down. In Lichdom you can take a few hits, nuke the landscape in revenge all while blinking around the battlefield owning face.Keep up the good work guys."
76561198035300395,Recommended,261760,10523547,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zedacus,"You're a magic warrior. You control different elements and abilities and you can make your own elemental powers and upgrade them. Now that's pretty sick! I love how, as the mage, you constantly fight off hordes of undead and enemies and monsters.Although I can't say for certain for I haven't gotten very far as of yet but I feel the game is missing a basic concept a lot of ""big world"" games have. A home, as in a place you go back to, to hang out or uprgade your spells with a staff of something if there happens to be such an item in the game. So far you're using just your hands which is actually pretty sweet, but it lacks that sense of secrets. Will there be items and customization, will you be able to go into 3rd person? Will there be secret areas and items? These are just things that come to mind, when I think of things that would make this game even more badass.Keep up the great work, the graphic quality is amazing and the animations and physics seem great as well, minus small stuff like characters talking without their mouths moving, etc."
,Recommended,261760,10545568,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,VenomousBean,"Game is at a good start. Has very good graphics, and an alright story. combat is way to slow though, enough to make me not want to paly. wait till more content till you buy, but definitly worth looking forward too"
76561198107377349,Recommended,261760,10651227,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,taygar24,"Its coming along its got some bugs, its still in early access so that's understandable but its still fun"
76561198127629199,Recommended,261760,10653044,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,onidemon107,"I bought this game two days ago, once you get the hang of it, its rather addicting. 20 hours in 2 days is saying something."
,Recommended,261760,10894522,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Trundlebottom,Very satisfying battles.
,Recommended,261760,10301884,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Saltystone,"Great gameplay, stunning graphics, great magic feel"
76561197980314796,Recommended,261760,29912173,Posted: 13 February,all,robherberg,"I had a blast playing this game. It feels more like a fast paced RPG shooter than a magic game. You can customize and tweak the spells you use to fit your playing style. The spells you use have to be leveled up, so you have to farm bosses and grind a bit to get past some of the bosses.I must have started playing this after the patches were released, because my game played 100% error free on a mid level Alienware R3."
76561197995707656,Not Recommended,261760,12247266,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,bubbaggie,"This game is very closed.  Follow one path to get to the end.  On top of that, the spells and magic are not very deep dispite all the hype saying that it has thousands of spells.The first BOSS is was out-of-line with where you stand as a character and your only way past him is to build your character to beat that boss.   Very disapointing game."
,Not Recommended,261760,12044367,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Philipp,"At first I really liked the gameplay and the graphic style in the game. The first 2-3 hours are amazing, but once you get to the snow level it gets extremely repetitive, every encounter comes down to casting the same 3-4 spells over and over again until the enemy dies.  The game is so poorly optimized (see all the posts in the forum) and the developer is literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, telling us that the whole problem is based on the poorly done v-sync and that the game is highly optimised. ♥♥♥♥ off mr. Developer."
76561198054742771,Not Recommended,261760,15453300,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ichigo_san,"I like the graphics, is excellent, but other than that gameplay is horrible,1st, crafting system too complex, without the crafting recommendation you will have no clue what to do, can be improved by making it auto upgrade when you pick up the stuff, till now nothing is done you have to manually craft though i'd just click the recommended craft coz idk what is going on.2nd, combat is huge design mistake, melle is fine, but the ranged monsters are annoying, sometimes i get knocked down and freezed continuously, also you will be continously dodging and running from ranged attacks which is not fun for me, I do not feel powerful at all. I'd like to use all of my spells and not be limited, i don't get why would the designer limit the number of spell you can use to just 3. Ranged monsters should be reduced dramaticly or removed.4/10, just need minor imrovement here and there to make the game good but so far i'm not seeing any patches to improve gameplay."
76561198105621334,Not Recommended,261760,13739125,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,early bread,"Decent game, it kind of keeps you coming back, but... Its is pretty stupid in alot of ways! And i mean ALOT! I would not reccomend this game at all, its probably worth $10 which is what i bought it for, but, dont buy this game."
76561197989171274,Recommended,261760,13719586,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,heyu29h,"This is a great game with good graphics and control system!Works very well with gaming keyboard such as the merc.3 screen surround works but has some minor isues, realy hope they work them out."
,Recommended,261760,13432920,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Evernight,"I am not sure where this game came from but I saw it on sale and have been blown away.1) It looks A-MAZ-ING.  The environments, the spell effects, everything2) It has AAA polish.  No crashes as of yet.  Solid animations.  Satisfying sound effects.  Looks good - FEELS GREAT.3) The depth at first is quite frankly daunting.  But its simple enough (thanks to Simple Inventory Option) to have fun right away, but complex enough that 12 hours later I am still learning things and still marvelling at all the mechanics and how they work together.You will like this game if you liked Skyrim (mage play), Bioshock 2 or Infinite, and Borderlands.Its deep but fun.  Its addicitng.  Its pretty damn fantastic."
,Not Recommended,261760,18130824,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Skandian,It's just super boring.
76561198043708369,Recommended,261760,18045594,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,darkkeeper,Fun game. Very satisfying combat. The difficulty can spike at the bosses. But solid game overall.
76561197987434612,Recommended,261760,18053098,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jaken,"action game, spells, no mana, lots of explosions? yes!"
76561198045810905,Recommended,261760,18109102,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,WeazelMonkey,1
76561197993465845,Not Recommended,261760,15676970,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Toll,Do you like trying to kill something over 30 times and at best only getting half life? then this is the game for you!
76561198039849376,Not Recommended,261760,11964325,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Taibadz,"Only buy this game if it goes on sale for less than $5. Otherwise its not really worth it. You only need the nuke abilities from the Fire and crowd Control from Ice to win the game. CC, Charge Nuke, Insta-Kill, Win! Kind of boring unless you think kitiing is a part of the challenge. I was initally drawn in with the thoughts of fully customizing spells and mixing the different type catergories, but what is Ice stays Ice, and What is Fire stays Fire. Nope, no FrostFire Bolt here boys! Otherwise I felt like a Skyrim gimped mage with infinite spam thrown into CoD: Fantasy Mage Era the tunnel shooter experience!"
76561198052719682,Not Recommended,261760,11968191,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Xinpo,First off i like the idea of the game how ever this game does not have 1000s of Spells you can just Mod all the spells you have and theres only 3 per sigal on top of that the Boss's are not even worth my times b/c of the fact that they can take 1 whole Shield bar on 1 hit thats not what bothers me what does is that all i have to do is blink to the side and Avoid it as easy as taking my morning s hi t this game is VERY easy and not worth the money i payed for iti all so see many people having Trouble with Corrupted Save files not that i do i Save my save files in a folder else where on my computer stopping Steam from failing 100% of the time as its a Fail Prot system people who payed to play your Game should not have to deal with that you CLEALY released it to soon and were Greedy and now your paying for it i only see 300 some online the other day when it came out there was around 1000 or so being lazy on programing is not worth it in the end and if your short on Cash then find another way to make it other then giving the people a Half♥♥♥♥♥Title roflas far as this Games Element go ( not elements as in Fire Ice or anything like that ) im speaking of course about Gaming Elements like how that dumb biddy follows you around she dies more then once and says its like having spikes in your brain or some thing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like that she says this more then 3 times in the game .... not only is it a Fail Story its all so Fail as to keep my intrest that Woman does not help your story case one bit every few check points she shows up and states the obvious ( watch out theres an Amry of Pu ssy undead up ahead! ) no.... really? you think so? what a good lil scout your are you fail pos lol i mean theres nothing a Gamer hates more then being treated like a retard when the game its self is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and cant even respect the Avrg Human IQ ( rolls eyes )( Combat Elements ) i found the Combat to be okish... i give it a 45 out of a 100 and thats being nice that whole game all i had to do was use a Frost Spell that shot in a line and i could Freeze everyone then just Crit them all and move on with out having to Spend any REAL time fighting 12 people at once i just butt fu cked them out of the way with 2 shots 12 + 2 = not ok your combat system def needs alot of work b/c your just another broken OP MF running around just derping everything in sight its a Mix of Skyrim and WoW Mage imo and yes its to over powered there is no real combat if your just 1 shotting everything i all ready said what i think of the Boss mobs( Graphics ) this is all you had going for you all though looks wont get you anywhere if the rest of the Formula is complete Trashi do NOT think anyone should buy this game..... less of course your like 9 years old or if your older and just stupid looking to Fap some time away once again your Combat is pretty easy your Story details and how your suppose to keep the players interest are 100% bad  do not even think about releasing a Game to soon just for some Chump change b/c it will ruin you ( middle finger ) could wip up an 8bit version of your game that would rack yours in its balls rofl
,Not Recommended,261760,11970230,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sperial,"Sorry for my bad english first!Unfortunately there are so many bugs preventing me to have a good playing experience. Actually, 3 september 2014, i get random crashes during the loading screens between the maps and sometimes after choosing my char name.The game seems to be funny, the bad♥♥♥♥♥mage idea is great, i play RPG since ""Ultima"" only because i love to go around fireballing everything i see :) But in this moment i'm unable to enjoy.I have x64 version of the game, perhaps the x86 is better."
,Not Recommended,261760,11974575,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,My name is not important,"... Well, so far, so utterly awful. Enemy spawns are thin, spellcasts are boring and the tutorial both drags on forever and doesn't explain half of everything.Also. This is another example of how crytek keeps relying on stronger computers instead of optimizing their code. The game looks average at best, with excessive lighting effects, and uses way too much processor to do so.IMO, not worth the $40"
76561198012552521,Not Recommended,261760,11974867,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,arae1967,The game starts off nice but soon into the game you get stuck to easy. A boss will atack from behind cover and you have no chance of getting any further. The game play is fair to immpossible I would keep clear wait till it comes down on price it's not worth it.Would have been better in multi player whitch it's not.  I would rather have my money back ......can't see me playing it again......another waste of  money for the bin......
76561198022920769,Not Recommended,261760,11982508,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Ghaleonx39,"A great idea that's poorly executed.  Sadly, the only word that comes to mind from playing this game is 'boring'.  I'm so incredibly bored that I can't even force myself to play it anymore.  A mind numbingly awful story combined with doing the same thing over and over again with different scenery makes this just a waste of money. Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,261760,11978391,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Nixx,"Dont bother. Very pretty game that is unforgivingly hard, has crossbowmen that fire homing missiles and not bolts, hitting an emeny with a spell makes they stagger towards you like you actually hit them in the back with the spell and not the face and for a mage wearing no armour you're slow as mollases.Whoop-de-doo, no mana bar, shame those limitless spells couldn't even kill Bambi's mum in one hit.Looks awesome, plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ You're still a weak little mage who gets pawned in 5 seconds flat."
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,261760,11979531,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,per.christensen,"I always play as a mage in RPGs - I love it - poor damage acceptance is balanced with fire power.It is not in this game. You get kicked about and can't take must damage before haing to replay the same bunch of boring mobs over and over - which should be fun, but ain't.The very Pretty graphics can't overcome the poor game experience.Movement is stunted and feels like a console portSpell creation is boring and often the result is something less effective than the basic spellCombining spell effects could have had a strong potential, but it is so slow that mobs run up to you and hit you once or twice and you're dead.And tuning down the difficulty is not possible - just bang your head against the same mobs over and over until  you win and then repeat - repeat - repeat...I ended up hating playing a mage - waste of money in my opinion - even when it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,261760,12012946,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lafarda,"Big disappointment :(A lot of parameters merging and not much difference between spells as a result. It's also too linear and the levels and enemy behaviors are not well paralleled with the properties of the spells. I haven't played so much, but so far, I ended up ""running"" backwards while casting spells for 90% of the combat.IMHO it's not worth the price. With that amount of money, better get Oblivion with the mage tower DLC and/or plug any magic mod."
76561197998047677,Recommended,261760,12170360,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Operator Error,"If you want to master the elemental forces, it's a pretty good game... the drawback is that the learning curve for the crafting system is steep; the min-maxing required to craft some of the truly awesome spells will probably keep some people from truly enjoy this.That said, watching 20 skeletons explode from an apocalyptic-triggered Arc Lightning is pretty damn awesome, and the synergies available in the late game look like their worth crafing the spells for!"
,Recommended,261760,11896957,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,gatnib,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this game! It truly delivers what it promises: spells that make you feel badass. Real badass! Somehow I thought this was going to feel like playing Skyrim with god-mode on but it's actually quite hard in the beginning. There's a ton of mechanics to learn but once you wrap your head around augment effects, how procs work and craft some spells that fit your play style, you're set for pure ♥♥♥♥ing awesomeness! Even though the lore isn't exactly mind boggling and that's typically what I look for in a game, this is definitely the best game I've played in a long time!One downside I found, though, is that the game, while encouraging you to try out new spells, punishes you to swap out sigils. It's an unnecessary limitation in my opinion.Protip: Have at least one destruction attuned barrier nova spell. There's noting as badass as blinking past an enemy and hearing him explode behind your back."
,Recommended,261760,11877088,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,bite (classic),"Simple review:Magic is fun and pretty action-filled, the spell effects also look good.Graphics are extremely good.There's not a lot to explore though, so it's pretty linear, but you know what? It's really fun and satisfying, that's all i got, go read the in-depth reviews. I rate it a 7.5/10"
76561198041404771,Recommended,261760,11880633,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Thepieintheface,"Although the story is a bit linear (think half life 2), it is still extremely fun to play. I hope that Xaviant will consider making a sequel in the future that is more open world style."
,Recommended,261760,11881239,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Chairman Kaga,"TLDR version:The combat is quite fun, the crafting (spell crafting a la Morrowind) system is a little confusing.  The story is crap.  And that's ok, because the combat makes up for it.Basically this is what magic in Skyrim should have been, but unfortunately it lacks the open world.  All in all well worth playing I think."
,Recommended,261760,11882392,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Captain DOTS,"Its fun to play as a ♥♥♥♥ing badass mage. The tutorial is a bit lacking. But the description that the devs put out is apt. You are a umitigated, and the spell creation makes sense."
76561198041216334,Recommended,261760,11882421,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Regell,"Buy it on a Steam sale.  The game suffers from a variety of issues. The loot system is cluttered and borderline annoying, the enemies are brainless, and offer little to no challenge with the exception that the game just keeps upping the quantity that you fight (1 million fire ants will still ♥♥♥♥ you up no matter how small they are), the level designs are boring, and the plot is as stereotypical/dull as you can imagine.Now onto the good stuff.  The game is fun.  But in a mindless blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up sort of fun.  I throw this game in the same genre as the Serious Sam/Painkiller franchise (which for what they were I enjoyed). If you go into this game knowing what it is and not expect too much then it's pretty fun.  The levels albiet boring and very linear are quite beautiful taking full advantage of cryengine 3.  The spells.  You can infect people with boils and when they die they explode release bugs that attack nearby enemies.  That is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool.My advise is if you are an avid FPS player and enjoyed games like Serious Sam, or Painkiller then give his a try but wait for a Steam sale."
,Recommended,261760,11883266,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,DrCD,Pros: Lots of spell combos and upgrades.Lots of loot to be found and lots of secrets.Enemies have mods to make them harderCons: Enemy AI is pretty simple. Will always walk around corners into fireballs to the faceOnce you find the stun/crit combo most of the game becomes easy.Zone 3 uses same enemies as Zone 1 & 2.Conclusion: Worth the money if you want to waste some time and smash enemies faces. Overall give it a 7/10.
76561197963327201,Recommended,261760,11883975,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Jhyrok,FIRE ICE LIGHTNING! YEP AWESOME!
,Recommended,261760,11890370,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,JimiDean,"Still patching right?I mean, yeah I'ts all fleshed out, but there are still bugs here and there. For instance, whenever a flock of birds is meant to fly away, 4 of them will spread their wings and suddenly never move again.... ever.I also managed to get stuck between a small ledge and a wall because the ledge allowed me to step over it from one side, but not the other, having no jump.. or even a ""return to last checkpoint"", I had to quit to Main.Edit: I have just tried the controller support, it needs work too. Unable to rearrange sigils or scroll through a spell's effect list (very annoying when you can only see damage and critical rate of both new spell and equipped).still playing and looking at every aspect.In saying that, I DO reccommend this game. It's got a decent story and the magic system is extensive. I just hope that since full-release the devs haven't just left it to survive alone."
76561198050382898,Recommended,261760,11890836,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,EvilgnomeBoy,"Been playing this game since its been in alpha, I absolutely love the customization of spells and shields you can do in this game. This is a must-have for anyone who loves playing a mage or destroying enemies with fire, ice, lightning, and many other awesome archetypes for spells. The graphics are amazing and I love the story line too."
,Recommended,261760,11894997,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Sam,"Pros:-	Simplistic, but action packed-	Combat is similar to a mage in Skyrim-	Graphics and sounds are greatCons:-	Gameplay is linear-	Story isn’t interesting7/10"
,Recommended,261760,11896059,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,PandaBoy444,wow
76561198044067827,Recommended,261760,11897470,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,YugoslavBear,"I feel like so much effort went into this game, the textures and enviroments are stunning.Pros: Amazing graphics, good combat system, Crafting spells is fun, Bosses are challangingCons: Confusing crafting system, Werid combo damage system with the ice tree, no loot apart from crafting itemnsoh yeah the first time you see what happens when you get a kenisis crit is worth the £22 alone"
76561198028803665,Recommended,261760,11899987,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Stegodon,"I like this game, however it could be better... my only complaints are.1. Enemy AI is terrible.. every unit in the game just runs straight at u not trying to dodge or hide or anything, just autolocks and sprints at u.2. would be 100% better if the game was randomly generated. Seeing areas for the first time is awesome. but then seeing the same exact enviroment never change is kinda lame.3. Bosses: regardless of what boss it just comes down to .. Shoot Shoot kite.. Shoot Shoot Kite. kinda upseting.4. Kinda same for enemies.. harder enemies that dont die in 2 hits is the same.. kite kite shoot type of thing.However VERY skilled players can play the game dramatically different. I have one setup which is ultra  aggressive based on the block mechanic where a perfect block negates all damage. Instead of kiting and shooting you sit in the face of the enemy the entire time. makes the game extremely more fun however is extremely difficult to pull off."
,Recommended,261760,11902084,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,bidji,A cool action game with RPG elements and spell crafting. It's fun and stuff and you should play it.
,Recommended,261760,11902215,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Fritz Frenulum,"This is the most epic piece of sweet-meat-FX-Techdemo I've played so far. Magical effects everywhere around you and you can't understand a word the tutorials are trying to teach you once the crafting system is introduced.To face the facts: It's really not the most impressive game in the world concerning depth. However, it's atmosphere, powered by the Cry-Engine's mathematical lighting, paired with the impressive Combat-System definitely makes it a great experience and worth the money IMO."
76561198065651467,Recommended,261760,11927151,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Rosen_Copernic,Want to command an army of undeads and bend time and space as you blast enemy in the face with fire? Look no further you unenligthened-peasant and go wreck some cult asses!
76561198031308160,Recommended,261760,11927505,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Black Soul Gems Matter,Graphics are great! It's a fun game that you can play for hours and even replay.
76561198094574688,Recommended,261760,11928776,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Malacar,"One of my favorite games of all time.Pros:- AAA quality visuals and voice acting.- Beautiful areas (first ones are fairly linear, but you get to explore a lot later on).Pros that are also cons for some:- Deep, complex and rewarding magic system. Hard to learn and hard to master, but you will feel godlike once you do. IF you do.- Despite your great power the game still feels challenging. Mistakes often lead to death and respawning at the last checkpoint (Dark Souls style) – you can't save/load at will.- Crafting proper spells is only a half of success – you have to learn to use them in an action-packed environment. You have to dodge and block enemy attacks.Let me elaborate some more about the magic system, which is the main selling point of this game, and yet it puts some people off. You'll see a lot of reviews / forum posts saying ""All schools of magic feel the same"", ""All you do is spam your fireball and backpedal till things die"", ""You only have a choice of 3 spells"", ""You have to kite the first boss for 15 minutes"", etc.I hate to sound arrogant, butall those people are wrong. You can use devastating spell combinations, freeze your enemies, teleport them around or dominate their minds, summon black holes and elementals, raise armies of undead, even slow time for everyone but yourself, matrix style (and watch your frozen enemies shatter into a fine red mist, in slow motion). You can kill the first boss in under 30 seconds if you combine Control, Mastery and Destruction spells (and build them properly). Oh, and have I mentioned summoning swarms of deadly insects?All the ""mindless fireball spam"" posts were written by people who didn't try to explore the magic system. Problem is, the game explains how to combine reagents into spells, but it doesn't tell you WHAT to craft and how to use it to best effect. In order to understand this game, you have to read page-long tooltips. (A lot of people just mindlessly combine reagents and see what happens - I assure you, this is not a viable strategy.) Maybe you'll even have to read a guide on the forums. (Although I believe it's not neccessary - just reading the tooltips and trying to strategize was enough for me.)So if you like to explore complex game mechanics, think and strategize - you'll probably like this game. If you just want to have some mindless fun with magic, if reading long spell descriptions sounds boring - this is probably not the game for you.Also, if you uninstalled Dark Souls after playing for 2 hours, this might not be the game for you – the difficulty is on par with Dark Souls until you master your spellcraft - after that it's still challenging but no longer brutal.Ultimately, this game is all about blowing things up and feeling powerful. You just have to do your homework – your power will be even more sweet because you've earned it."
76561198013866358,Recommended,261760,11929619,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,diggsatron,if you ever wanted the magic in skyrim to be more powerful and cool looking. this game is for you.
,Recommended,261760,13175911,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Get Followers Get Money,I ahve never been into mage themed games. i have always been the friend in the group when everyone would tlak about some new midevail or mage type game i was like ehh i have my futuristic games. My brother and my friend both told me to try it. i had some extra money so i had gotten it. then they made me play it as soon as i had it downloaded. the only reason i let them pressure me into getting it is because it runs on Cryengine 3. That engine is amazing and looks great. When i finally went to play it i was suprised at the fact that i was actually having fun with the game. i got to the first boss and MY GOD was it hard. like it honestly was't that hard but for a first boss it was a bit redicilous. after that i continued because i thought it was a pretty descent game. I then came to realize you have diffrent magic types that the game calls Sigils. you can switch between them in a fight and you can upgrade them. you collect upgrades for your sigis that allow you to add diffrent perks and advancements to your magic and sheild.Over all i would give this game a 8/10 it is a really fun game and it really doesn't quite fit in just one genre.
,Not Recommended,261760,13673104,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Potitoman,"Good concept, good graphics, very competent technical execution. The problem is that it's so BORING!This should be called a backwards walking simulator. You just spend your whole time walking backwards, waiting for your spell to power up.It feels that this game was so close to being something awesome but they padded the hell out of the game to artificially make it longer and it ultimately becomes repetitive and very, very predictable.I do hope they make a sequel as I'm sure they would have learned from their mistakes.A game that you can see had a lot of promise but missed the mark by a looooooong shot."
,Not Recommended,261760,14058811,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,DaCrazyDingo,"Like the premise but it feels like they took Skyrims mage system and made is slow, clunky and unweildy and made it your only source of combat damage. The storyline is kind of cool, but I the clunkiness of combat made me lose interest quickly. Might be worth it on a $5 sale or something."
76561197977620857,Not Recommended,261760,14191448,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,mr_brenni,Meh!
76561197989987952,Not Recommended,261760,12112566,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,nihilxaos,"The instructions are fairly pitiful and full of all sorts of unnecessary teminology where regular English words would suffice. You have to hit the forums to have the slightest idea what's going on, and in the 21st century I would have hoped the in-game directions would be better.Beyond the byzantine crafting system the game was fun precicely until I ran into the first real boss. The frustration level jumped quickly, and though I imagine it is beatable by galvanized blocks or whatnot the developer suggests it is NOT doable by most playstyles, and a game that lets you use different playstyles was what I was promised.All told I sorely regret purchasing this steaming pile of software. It may be good if you have tons of time to tool around with the same battle over and over again, but I certainly do not."
76561198041117156,Not Recommended,261760,11976677,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,danielcutthroat,"please do not spend 40 bucks on this game!,it looks good the spell system is awesome but its lacking in freedom,buy it if you like old school shoot em up games, but if you are looking for a story driven epic do not spend 40 bucks.ok game but worth a tenner at the most.yep!it would be a thumbs up if it were cheaper,"
,Recommended,261760,13913552,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Diyos,"Challanging levels, monsters and overall.best game i've played yet"
,Not Recommended,261760,13970822,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,marKy,"If u wanna try this game for free before buying it go to your desktop hold LMB for 3sc then release and again a couple time , nothing happens huh ? that would be the game  cuz u simply don't damage enemies at all , only the first few minutes are good..."
,Recommended,261760,13506131,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sapristi,I like this game!  It's very funny and feel badass!
76561198100581629,Not Recommended,261760,15047227,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,galgengutten,"The game looks promising, but fails to deliver. For starters: the controlls are anoying. You can't jump, and both your caracter and the spells seems to follow their own will at times.The gameplay is old fasioned. You walk unthil you encounter the enemy, then you fight. Every now and again you will also run into a boss, agains whom a lot of your spells are inneffective.The story is also lacking. You are fighting a group who seem to have little purpose besides being evil, and you yourself are not actually a mage, just a person given a pair of bracers from witch magic flows. To me, that sort of spoils the feeling. I bought this game because I thought I would be playing as a badass mage, not a noob with powers borrwed from an old wierd wizard."
76561198029704334,Not Recommended,261760,14614741,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,cfraak,"I bought this game during a sale for 10€, after hearing about it from Totalbiscuit's WTF-is video. To give you an idea from which viewpoint I'm coming from, I could be charactarized as the type of gamer that doesn't care much for story elements, but rather focus on how enjoyable game mechanics are.The first three (3) issues I noticed were:1) You can't skip the long boring cutscenes [technically not cutscenes since you are still in control, but you can still not do anything].2) Horrible mouse acceleration turned on, with no option of disabling it.3) Forcing the player to play hours before the more fun mechanics are unlocked (which allows you to use loot to craft spells).In summary, I'm very dissatisfied about the lack of polish this game have considering the price (10€) I paid; fights were dull, technical issues were plentiful and gameplay progression was badly paced."
76561198111506973,Recommended,261760,11928717,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TheAncientOne,I got this game when it was in pre-alpha and it has gotten so much better since then didn't think it was possible XD
76561198048908940,Not Recommended,261760,14185534,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,"Shoot Snot, AIDS and Urine from your hands!Enjoy the Voice acting that sounds like the studio recorded a conversation occuring next door!Walk into Invisible Walls where they shouldnt be and off ledges where they should!Spend 30 exciting minutes of exploiting AIDS sponge boss ai!Question why the performance was better in pre alpha and also why the textures got worse!Or what we like to call Watch Dog-ifieing!Create Enemy congo lines!3/10 what the hell did i spend $20 on for it to get worse?"
,Not Recommended,261760,17190772,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MedKiT,nahhh
,Not Recommended,261760,16971946,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Shyguy,"Tried playing it, game wouldnt even get past the main menu. Just turned black. Couldnt find a troubleshoot anywhere. Glad that I was able to refund it.Too bad though, it looked fun regardless."
76561198104953997,Recommended,261760,14699866,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Major Red of the #SGA,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome i love being a mage its a bit difficult but awsome none the less i recommend 100/10
,Not Recommended,261760,14583743,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Seinfeld Reject,Combat feels clunky and so does everything else also generic story 4/10
76561198055264053,Recommended,261760,14690349,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Heilstorm,good game if one like to play with magic
,Not Recommended,261760,14516660,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,春 #ProDon'tFake,"Spell-crafting is fresh. I give it that. Have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story,though."
,Recommended,261760,14732172,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Zekoriah,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥SOMEONE GET ME A NEW GRAPHICS CARD PLEASE! Mine kinda blew up when I threw a fireball at some sorry soul.
,Recommended,261760,14632863,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,BestPlebEu,ITS REELLY NOICE
,Recommended,261760,15096625,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jewbacca,"This game.. what can I say? It's Magicka meets Dark Souls, with beer goggles and speed."
,Recommended,261760,15101869,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,graeme.samways,"Good game, great graphics and effects. Crafting can be a bit complex."
,Not Recommended,261760,15155184,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Shadowarez,"anyone know why it shows in my library on store page yet it wont let me dl it? showing i gota buy it again, any idea how to fix that?"
76561198079508596,Not Recommended,261760,23227002,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,stephen_eckert,"Only played it this much because thats how fast the redundant magic crafting system, tasking, tedious and linear dungeons that randomly spike in difficulty at a point in the game where skills could not have yet developped enough to have fun killing super difficulty enemies"
,Recommended,261760,18632892,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,REDBEARD,"I'd recommend maybe in the $15-20 range...it's like a graphically polished version of the spell fighting in Skryim but more aim assistance/homing.  You get to build out new spells, i never quite got the hang of it seemed pretty random whenever I tried. The story is solid and the main voice actor is Mr Krabs which is pretty sweet. Worth playing to the end but not much else."
,Recommended,261760,14491744,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,UnderDoug,"I got a voucher for this game along with a copy of the ""Guiness Book of World Records: Games Edition"" entitling me to 50% off the game. When I went to purchase it the price was already down 75%. Neither of these is what convinced me to purchase this game. The card came with a concise description: ""... a first-person caster that gives the Mage the spotlight... with limitless magical power and brutal enemies around every corner, victory hinges on skill and strategy... craft a vast array of spells and learn to cast them in the heat of combat."" Suffice it to say this is exactly what I got.Walking into the middle of a group of brutal enemies (who will kill you in pretty short order if you stand and do nothing) as the single combatant, charging up magic and blast it off to a number of great effects, no waiting for cool-downs or mana recharge was in a way addictive. I my time drunk on the power. With a little thought to the crafting system, and using the built in journal for a very complete description of how the system works I was able to turn almost any combination of the 8 available and very nicely flavoured sigils into a proverbial recipe for mass destruction.Even when the game was hard, and this was often (especially during bossfights), I found myself ensared. In games I've played in the past a humiliating defeat at the hands of a boss was usually enough (after the third of fourth time) to have me put the game down for a while. Not Lichdom though. I found myself fighting the second boss for what must have been the thirtieth time at roughly 2:30am one morning unable bring myself to leave the zone and go to bed. I persisted for what was easily another thirty attempts and finally, satisfied and content, went to bed to dream of frying more skeletons. This fight was a comparison being drawn. I am as powerful as the demons that plague this world. I would later decimate four of this same monster in one fight, further creating the fealing that I am an epic badass.The levels are as the other reviews described, mile long corridors with monsters spawns every 30 or so meters. This did not bother me at all. The game is beautifully realized in it's art, the human enemies you fight hate you and eventually almost fear you (often swearing thier f-ing heads off at you), and the demons are just abhorrent enough to get a twist in the stomache the first time they whipe out out nine thenths of your health the first time you encounter them.While the checkpoints are unevenly spaced and sometimes quite far from eachother, this gave me more of a sense of determination to perform well than it did a frustration that I would lose progress. Dying does nothing to reverse your progress other than to return you to your last check point and respawn some of the enemies (I never had every monster respawn). All crafting material and sigil experience is retained. Every attempt brings you closer the necessary power to continue.Other than the marathon length levels there are 3 other types of play throught the game, and bossfights are repeatable (good for farming crafting materials). There are two types of obelisk that when attacked enter you into a separate gaming mode. The first blocks of exit from the area and spawns a number of waves appropriate to your progression. Every enemy killed in this mode drops loot which floats above the obelisk until every wave is defeated. You die, you get nothing, You win though, you take it all. The second is similar however much longer in that it teleports you to another location and separates a number of these challenges between ""rooms"" which are not blocked off from each other. Again, the loot is kept locked up untill the end to really reward you for the effort and every mosnter slain contributes.The third game mode comes along with newgame+ and is very challenging. They're themed fights that revolve around a number of different premises from slay these 6 waves to shut down these machines by standing in their field for enough time (and deal with the onslaught as you do so). The newgame+ portal can be a little buggy at times but this just to add to the challenge for me, exiting the game and loading it up again asks if you want to continue from where you left or start at the newgame+ lobby, one of these options gives you newgame++ regardless of your progress, every time (this is quite challenging after a while but the crafting materials get you very quickly up to scratch).My favorite thing about this game is the way in which the sigils iknteract with eachother. Using a Corruption sigil Control spell, blasting the foe with a Lightning Mastery while I wait for the Corruption to mature and then obliteration them with a fireball for ridiculous amounts of overkill damage actually spews from the monster a cloud of parasites that due ot the lightning stun the foes around you and set them on fire. If I were to use the Phase sigil instead this would create parasites that cause chaos rifts when they hit enemies, and if I used Kinesis they would be rooted to the spot. The same can be said of Necromancy, once marked, the game records the spells you use to kill enemies and flavour your undead minions after them. Want freezing zombies that corrupt your enemies, then you can do it. This feels truely dynamic if a little under-realized.I would recommend this game to any and all of my friends (they're sick of hearing me talk about it). I read a review that this game would have a perfect sequel by ironing out all the kinks. I agree, but the kinks aren't enough to keep me away."
,Recommended,261760,17406697,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RemCogito,This game is quite enjoyable once you get into it. The spell crafting system is quite deep. I was playing with an agile shield and found the game quite fast paced and the boss fights just hard enough to enjoy. I am not yet finished the game but I will definitely finish this one. I can't belive how much bad press this game gets. Sure it isn't the most polished thing ever but the graphics are more than good enough and the combat is enjoyable aslong as you keep up with your crafting. I imagine that it would be pretty slow if you didn't create new spells with more power.I bought it during a sale. I would buy it on sale again but I wouldn't pay full price.
,Recommended,261760,33327184,Posted: 6 July,all,Piwcio,"The game surprised me positively. Cool mechanics, sorcery, nice effects and nice graphics, good guys chasing monsters. System of improvements and mysterious storyline. The biggest disadvantage of the game is optimization. On low settings, use GPU 75% on medium 90% at 60fps. GTX 1050TI.PLUSmechanicsspellswitchcraftmagiciansimprovementsworldCool graphics and effectsMinusoptimizationLow resolution uiprice"
76561198009790145,Not Recommended,261760,33405095,Posted: 9 July,all,Definitely not Sikho,"Probably one of the worst game I've played. Claims to be ""hardcore"", yet only creates difficulty through tedious, long and boring fights and absolute horrible level design.The idea was good, but the execution wasn't. The game is repetitive and the levels are mazes you're supposed to navigate with no clue whatsoever about your objective."
76561198056271645,Not Recommended,261760,33500257,Posted: 13 July,all,Arnen1,"blast some enemy along you path  to kill the boss,such as green eye undead no.1  green eye undead no.2 no.3 no.4...  boring enemy and map designed. after new map repeat it again and again and again  and again and again."
76561198073455481,Recommended,261760,24160440,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wizcat,IT HAS MAGIC WOOOOOOO! SUCK IT NON-MAGIC GAMES!
76561197992726053,Recommended,261760,13162444,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cor Blimey,"Ignore the metacritic reviews - this is a fun game to storm through. It reminds me of the Magicka system of spell variety.Decent loot system (autocollected which is nice), a variety of spells and 'elements' makes for quite a lot of fun trying out different tactics. Certain shield types can also dramatically change the way you play, increasing the variety even more.Could do with some more enemy variety and patterns (a pattern is the 'form' of your spell like a missile, bomb, beam etc).Levitating an enemy then smashing her into the ground with a fireball to explode on all the surrounding enemies just doesn't get old ;)"
,Recommended,261760,26692798,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Eiggy,"Very fun for what it is, it isn't a open world or decision driven exploration, it is magic combat. If you want magical combat here is your guy."
,Recommended,261760,26588174,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lemondragon,"The environnements are varied and beautiful, the baddies are ugly (In a good way), the learning curve is well done, the ambience is present and the guy caught in my levitating pool can pray for his life."
,Recommended,261760,31118281,Posted: 13 April,all,Kakaryth Eon Fitzgerald,"Lichdom: Battlemage is a unqiue game that although is very same-y and repetitive, I'd highly recomend it to play in short burst between 1 and 2 hours. In my opinion, don't get this game full price but rather for $30 or less.The combat is everything in this game, and it's such a euphoric experience to deal out pain in a wide area of effect. However, the enemies won't be phased by your measly firebolt to their face, but rather you'll need to strategize and configure your spells to control the battlefield and increase your damage for maximum effect.The crafting system of the game is intricate but lacks depth; that is, although one has many options to craft new spells in any combination of components he or she has gathered, any given combination is going to produce a set effect with different numbers.All things considered though, even though the combat is fun, I can not help but to feel as if the world is fairly empty. The environments in which you explore the game are huge and expansive, but the developers, I feel, could have put in more secret areas branching from the fairly linear path one is supposed to follow."
,Not Recommended,261760,19450520,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,wolfish426,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, what a boring game. Combat is so clunky. The story is so meh. Graphics are good but overall the game is so bad, you don't care how good it looks. 3+ hrs of my life, I'll never get back."
,Not Recommended,261760,33663194,Posted: 19 July,all,Elfy310,"This game is intricate, but in the same way a portrait of every single shade of grey is.This game has one of the most intricate magic systems I've ever played, and if I was just reviewing that...I'd give it a 9/10. But the game itself is just so boring, uninteresting, repetative, and uninspired. You'll fight the same enemies throughout the game, along a continous and endless hallway.WITH THAT.The magic system is complex, really makes you critically think about control, damage storage, and direct damage by handling 3 sigils at a time. I found myself very interested and continously assessing what spells I was using and how to use them. This game can also get EXTREMELY challenging, especially the boss fights, which make you aware of every enemy.Overall, I can only reccommend this game for about the first couple of hours. After that period there's nothing else to keep you playing unless you fall in complete love with the magic system."
,Recommended,261760,14088810,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DASman,"Unique, and FunThis game is pretty! It is fun; craft spells loot upgrades, gaining new abilities, paths that are out of the way that lead to some relic . where you summon a quick fight between a few waves of enemies, they get tougher. These how ever give you quite a run on Battlemage difficulty, there is a tougher one with cons, but special acheivements. The story is not that bad at all. As you go along theres certain orbs you can pick up to watch a couple seconds of the past. Took me a couple trys to get pass the first two big bosses.8/10"
76561198062859385,Recommended,261760,11088409,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hitman_Actual,This game is shaping into something fun and different.I wasn't onboard at first but after several months of development the game is playable and becoming interesting.
76561198044258921,Recommended,261760,29881809,Posted: 12 February,all,ccjesper,"Got this game ""free"" from a lootcrate a while ago, took me a few months to try it because it looked like garbage: I was wrong. It's not incredible, but it's definitely not horrible. The visuals aren't bad and the gameplay is pretty darn fun. The story is probably the worst thing about the game, but it isn't so cringey that the game is halfway unplayable. Difficulty spikes here and there, but I definitely had fun with it. 9/12"
,Recommended,261760,11597553,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,"A game were the mage is the badass? Count me in!!!!!This game has gne and made a mage the main badass in the game. Your are the Dragon!!! a powerful mage apprintace that on a quest for revenge. The game has a very simple but very rewarding cfafting system that you make the spells from scratch from fire balls, bolt of lighting, to gravity, you have a full arsenal of plain B.A pain enflicting spells to combat the evil force of the cults. The game is just comning into the full ver. still being updated this game is worth trying nice well made great effects to also lots of undead to destroy for zombie slayers so comn and become the dragon you were meant to be!!!!!!!!"
76561198176242226,Recommended,261760,35199365,Posted: 25 September,all,Muff_On_Man69,THE CONCEPT OMG RIGHT AMAZING GAME SO SO
76561198006954615,Not Recommended,261760,11942572,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Lootinant Dan,"the spell casting in this game is nice, and everything looks beautiful. BUT the linear storyline sucks (not necessarily the story its self, just the fact that youre basically on rails), everything you see will looking nice might as well be cardbaord cut outs. then the gameplay, which honestly it isnt bad it just goes from one hit kills to creatures taking 20 hits to kill even with charged spells, and oh my god dont die because you have to go back to the previous check point and it resets ev-er-yTHING! that boss battle you were nearly through? reset. all of the minions you just killed? respawned. every. single. time."
76561198026355946,Not Recommended,261760,11936642,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,vincent.armella,"In nearly every fantasy-themed game I purchase, I play a spell-caster first. Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim, TESO, WOW, EQ, FF, Divinity, all the BG and NWN games, etc. When I heard about this game, I got excited. Boy, was I let down. This game is repetative. RE-PET-TA-TIVE. I have several hours into it, and I don't think I'm going to play it any more. Much of what I have to say has already been said in other reviews - tons of kiting, one-hit kills, totally linear, story is meh. I won't belabor the point - this is a steam-summer-sale-75%-off purchase, not a 40 dollar game. It has some redeeming qualities (the spell-casting is gorgeous, the voice acting is solid, and the environments are lovely [even though they are just setpieces,]) but I would not have paid 40 (or even 30) for this game, knowing what I know now."
,Recommended,261760,11924044,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Simbiat,"When I played it during early access stage I did not like it. Well, it did not have any voice-overs at the moment, no motivation to go forth. Just pure concept. WHen it got out, I did try it again. And I actually lie it. A bit off my style, since it's purely ased on magic and I am more of a slasher guy (like knifes more than guns in real life too), but... It feels pretty good. Reminds me of Hunted: Demon's Forge. And I liked that one. As as with Hunted I want to get deeper into the lore here. I want to know more about the characters. That is enough for me. At least at the moment.Still not sure about the crafting system. Yes, I can see that it may give some small beefits, but.. So far it feels a bit useless. More like a vanity customization. I mean like changing ""forms"" may give some tactical advantage at some points, but other than that, do not see much point in it. Maybe it will change a bit later in the game, though.Graphically it looks quite solid. Maybe not perfect (some animation on female Gryphon seemd a bit odd), but really solid. And yet it runs pretty smoothly. And even though it's mainly dungeons they do not seem to repeat each other (at least not so far).In terms of audio it is good as well. I liked voice actors here. They ar eone of the reason I am reminded of Hunted: Demons Forge. It's similar to it: a bit of humor, a bit of an attitude from both characters, but yet some kind of understanding and acceptance of each other. Like there is a bond there already, that will only get stronger (don't think that in a romantic way, though, since will kill male Dragon's goal).I think I'll give it an 8."
,Not Recommended,261760,11924833,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ameth,"When I had successfully defeated the first demon boss my finger bled from the clickfest. This thing has just too much health, and I even only leveld firespells so I guess they were somewhat strong. Afterwards I arrived at the second area with 5 rartity modifier. I thought I could use my new fast travel ability and get that shield recharge that was still waiting for me near where I had just defeated the boss. What awaited me were all the undead and the boss was back and kicking too. Additionally my rarity modifier was reset to 0 and because I went to the boss area I could't turn back to fast travel again -.- ...bye motivation, lets play something else."
76561197975181555,Recommended,261760,11937089,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Genesisbreed,"Initial Thoughts.I need more time to play it since I have barely made it past the tutorial stage, but so far I find it challenging and fun! In addition, I can't say I have really played anything else exactly like it in the FPS genre. If I had to describe it, (which I will) it would be Bioshock, without weapons except for plasmids/vigors, and no manapool to exhaust. Your battle effectiveness is solely based on your skill and how powerful you make your ""plasmids"" along with how you modify and upgrade them. There is a hole realm of customization of spells and abilities that I seems to be pretty robust, though I have yet to actually grasp the crafting system for these spells and abilities yet.There is still a roughness to this game. The gameplay itself is pretty solid, so this is probably why the developer decided to officially take it out of Beta. However, there are still parts, like player direction and a lack of proper explanation of skills, that seem to be lacking. In general it is mostly in presentation more than content where the roughness exists. It's not polished yet. So if you want a game to just be mindless on, your probably better off looking elsewhere, because you might actually have to... read stuff... i.e. the in game journal to understand things.That being said, the story is interesting, and gameplay is challenging. I foresee a lot of enjoyment / rage  in the near future.  I am really looking forward to it."
,Recommended,261760,12823728,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,-W3E- Bipolar Bear,"Great game, but has some notable System Requirements.EDIT: Alright, I have noticed a lot of negative reviews for this game, and also have just a little spare time on my hands, so I am going to detail this up a bit.First of all, this is very much a hack-and-slash sort of game (hack-and-cast?) So if you were expecting Morrowing or Skyrim, look elsewhere, although it has some RPG elements. The gameplay is innovative, with a crafting system that gives you some kind of progression. The game is hard, the minions actually can do a lot of damage in certain parts, and the bosses are tough (although I think they sometimes have way too much health, dragging out battles as opposed to making it hard). Also your spells are pretty amazing and flashy; certain spell combos will make special effects, so that is cool.The game tries to make you feel ultra strong and such, and it really does. To balanced out your seemingly overpowered-ness, you are pitted against a lot of really strong enemies, notably demons in certain parts.Now for pro and con list:+Innovative crafting system, which is difficult to abuse to it's fullest, but is very rewarding once you do+ The spell effects have a lot of flashy effects, which combined with the destruction you are inflicting, gives a real sense of power.+ It is fairly difficult, but enjoyable. You can always tweak down the difficulty to make it easier to play if need be.-The game requires a fairly beefy computer, with some really high system requirements. As such you may have difficulty running the game without heavy tweaking to the graphics and resolution.- Some parts of the game are just agitating. Being frozen solid for 10 seconds is annoying.- Repetitive enemies, mostly just reskins of past enemies but beefier.Overall I would recommend this game, but only for a certain type of person. If you are the guy who always plays mage, or wants a difficult yet enjoyable game, this is a good choice."
,Not Recommended,261760,10522539,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Monkerlotus,"very misleading title description and reviews, this is NOT an rpg of any sort.  Combat is slow and mostly frustrating, game has a serious lack in direction, you don't know what your doing, or why 90% of the time.  The crafting system is overthought and convoluted.Overall, its wizardry meets serious sam, with a touch of something un-fun, I wouldn't recomend it at this time."
76561198024772706,Recommended,261760,12966415,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Z1r0na,This is the first game that i really feel that i am playing as a dominating battlemage. It is very hard to get that feeling in other games. The crafting system might be very confusing in the begining but once you get the hang of it you can create spells of immence power. The way you cast spells could be a tiny bit different to my opinion but it is still better than I expected for all those spells.All in all this games like an fps version of Skyrim as a wizard and i think it really works.
,Recommended,261760,34721001,Posted: 3 September,all,Vormancer,"CatagoriesRankingSummeryValue$20 (was on sale)Well worth the moneyGameplay10 starsI like it Reminds me of Wolfenstein 3D meets someone playing a Mage from SkyrimStory8 starsits not super great but its not horrible by any meansSocial SystemSolo playern/aCommunitySolo playern/aGraphics10 starsGood graphics, smooth animation, great lighting and partical effectsEase of Learning8 starsGetting custome spells created is a tad tough to sort out to start but once you get it going it gets pretty easyCombat Style9 starsBit of a Rail shooter in style but i have a lot of fun with itSoundtrack8 starsI like it, i know its there but it doesnt overwelm the senses so much that it becomes distracting which is always good."
,Not Recommended,261760,26272909,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sareth,"Lichdom Battle mage is bad. Pretty bad.Not convincing enough? Okay, here we go:To get the positive out of the way first, it looks good... mostly... but then again, it's built on the CryEngine 3, so I'd be more surprised if it didn't.The levels are visually nice and varied, if a stretch overly long at times. Most of this is skybox and unreachable scenery anyway, and here's why:For starters the leveldesign is an absolute joke. Linear to the point of being forced down a tube. Whatever little branching paths there are, they end after ~15 steps for an optional battle arena. The game started out pretty well, with somewhat expansive levels, but at some point in the first 2-4 hours they dropped the pretense and started stuffing you down a pipe. I honestly can't tell you if the leveldesign gets better again later, because I'm only a few hours in and the game already bores me to tears. There are points-of-no-return every other pace and arbitrary unpassable walls blocking the way forward if you didn't kill all the enemies. At times the monster closets are so badly disguised they mave have as well put a big sign on it. Other level detailing is mostly fine, if samey.The bosses? They are absolute shit. All of them being exhausting bullet sponges that often spawn a theoretically infinite number of minions (if you keep killing them) who also function as their main threat. A lot of them are also totally contrived. Not built up or mentioned before, not afterwards. They are a boring grind, that you may have to repeat a few times, because an off-screen archer with freeze-arrows nailed you on the spot just in time for the bosses only attack.At times the antagonist is even sitting in the middle of the arena, behind his everything-proof-shield, blurting out tortured and badly delivered one-liners, while you blink and jog around the boss-arena.The enemie stock isn't much better. Enemy variety basically non-existant.The game attempts mixing things up by giving some enemies special statuses like ""lieutenant"", ""massive health"", ""seething"" or ""cursed"" - all of which manifests as a large white text of aforementioned phrases floating over the enemies head. Seriosuly, did this game just turn to stealing tropes from MMOs? And even some of those differentiate their 'elite' monsters better.Most of the npc animation is quite awful, stiff, uncoordinated and even glitchy at times.The movement of your character is somewhat alienating and unimmersive. Moving by foot is just a pace to slow for me getting around the drawn out levels and walking backwards is even slower... in a game that mostly has you backpeddling from hordes of monsters while throwing fireballs at them... Yeah, what genius figured that one out.Also, you can't jump. At all. That alone is always a death sentence for a first person game in my eyes, but in this case it was probably so the leveldesign could employ more invisible walls hidden in knee-high rubble. It can turn into a perilous lack though, when you slide of a ledge and between jagged world geometry and can't jump/wiggle out of it.The UI can go do one as well. The emission of a reticle seems weird for a first person game. Not that the game strictly needs a crosshair, since the main projectile spell has an embarrassing amount of auto-aim. It's so bad that often you can't shoot archers past melee-enemies because your spells take a sudden right turn.The ingame inventory/crafting system is such a mess that you can switch between two modes. One where you can mess about with the spells yourself, and one that flatout offers to combine and craft better ones automatically for you.There's no tutorial nor wiki to be found anywhere that properly explains a thing and no amount of dicking around will explain what 'mastery' actually is or why control-spells are a worth a damn.Talking about people that don't get the crafting system all being casual plebs would be all very well IF there'd be some merit to the damn system. There are very few combinations that actually shake things up and as for the rest - seen one elemental projectile-spell, seen 'em all. Only thing that changes is the incrementally bigger number that appears when you hit an enemy.It's the whole boring borderlands gambit, in theory an infinite number of spells but all that changes is the fineprint i.e. +X% higher damange numbers.You can supposedly get synergies and high damage setups by combining different spell-types that apply 'stored' damage and debuffs, but honestly, I have yet to encounter a non-boss enemy that survives long enough for that to be useful. In bossfights itmightbe more helpful, if you get a chance to apply the debuff, cast stored damage setup and release the payoff with a projectle spell (hoping it doesn't drift of to hit sth. else) before the timer runs out. However between dodging projectiles, slapfighting with the bosses minions and the finicky spell-select I honestly can't imagine it being more useful than just pouring straight damage down their throats.Aside from the bosses taking half a million hits, there has been no situation where my trusty flamethower and auto aim ice lance have failed me, as long as I occasionally update them to new levels of 'make things +X% more dead'. Most critters die in 1-3 hits anyway, and this is on the second highest of 4 difficulty levels...Level-ups are similar: Instead of gaining new abilities, for every level up on a spell-element you get tiny increments of more damage, crit or similar indirect stuff.At this point it seems like a minor complaint that the writing and delivery are quite atrocious. That the overall story is a largely impenetrable mess. That the characters are absolute jokes...Case and point, the antagonist: poncey hairdo and - no joke - an evil moustache. Orders the protagonists wife murdered for no other reason than because he can, and is generally a saturday morning cartoon villain.So, all in all, a thoroughly dissappointing mess on all levels.Not even the kind of bad that is fun to mock. It's exhausting, boring and irritating.Which is a shame honestly, since I've been looking for a game similar to this, something to replace Dark Messiah as my go-to intense action FP-RPG.If you want a game with an interesting skill/spell-combination element then go for Transistor.If you want a first person rpg with intense melee-combat/magic that very much isn't TES Skyrim, then try Dark Messiah and play a mage-build.Whatever you do, don't waste money on this (35+ bucks, srsly?), not whithout a massive discount.Get it for a 5'er maybe, if you're interested to see how to not do videogames..."
,Not Recommended,261760,13115173,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ChasaB,"Very repetitive, very SLOW combat style. purchased for 70% off and feel like i wasted money."
,Not Recommended,261760,11362488,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,IOn Vash,"Game still will not start after many updates. How hard can it be to make the game run on a AMD pc with an anti-virus installed?I should not have to uninstall my AV, reboot, play the game, then once finished playing, install my AV and reboot again. Every time I want to play this game."
76561198049127073,Not Recommended,261760,11926823,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,...PUDDIN'.,Nice graphics and so-so gameplay. Gets boring after the first hour. Feels like a PSP game with good graphics.
,Not Recommended,261760,11917243,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,☥☣Aza'Gorod☣☥™,"not worth it dont let the ""thousands spells"" fool you, you only get a target, aoe, and a barrier for every element and can not have multiple of them and can only have 3 max elements or sigils. I tried this and i got frustrated and sad that their wasnt as many and or as awesome a mount of spells also their is not free roam really, you only get to go back to past parts. I was hopeing for alot more options in spell crafting and able to combine elements but no you cant and its a shame you cant cause this game has some potental but in short unless your really bord and have extra $40 laying around dont get this its not worth it or wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,261760,11917196,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Detective Babylegs,"The game is advertised as letting you play as a badass wizard. I at first thought this sounded amazing, looked at the trailers, read the descrition and ended up getting quite excited for this. After a few hours of playing i got so bored of doing the same thing over and over again, all the spells feel the same, Just throw a ball of fire and then a ball of kinetic stuff and they do the same thing with small effects that seem useless to me. nothing during my entire playtime made me feel at all powerfull.Just imagine this scenario; You're fighting reanimated corpses which you would expect to be really weak being corpses and all and in a game that's supposed to make you feel badass you would think that the corpses you're fighting would be atleast exploding or shattering or flying off from explosions or something right? Wrong, all you get after casting whatever boring ball of something you have as a spell at them a few times is just a small explosion at the most.Maybe the game gets better later on, I read the forums and saw people talking about some amazing spells like storms and tornados and summoning a demon. But I saw nothing even close to being badass or awesome for the few hours I played before giving up due to boredom.Overall i'd just say to avoid this unless you love grinding for hours against boring enemies with boring spellsApologies for spelling and such"
,Recommended,261760,13690458,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mr. Suppo,"Haven't played much yet, but so far its's a great game!"
,Recommended,261760,11934416,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Drifter7,"from what I've played so far, a very fun game, with awesome spell customisation that offers a lot of variety! The downside is I havent played much due to extreme performance issues. My computers spec is quite a fair bit above the recommended spec, but there is awful lag and it freezes and crashes after a few minutes at a time now. Lowering the graphics settings does absolutely nothing to help, so I assumes its issues within the game.It's a very good game, but I would recommend anyone thinking about buying it wait for at least a couple more updates to fix these issues."
76561198268803518,Not Recommended,261760,31814152,Posted: 17 May,all,TheDevil'sLettuce,The gameplay was not fluent and the graphics gave me constant headaches
,Recommended,261760,12634496,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Drakelstorm,Best game ever as far as magic goes. The amount of spells and variety of effects are truely amazing. Although the game is a bit linear it still provides an amazing experience and tons of hours of fun.
,Not Recommended,261760,13463708,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hsnkarakus,What a disapointment
,Recommended,261760,9626713,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Johnny,"Amazing game! Acheived with Cry Engine! It's so awesome, it may be limited on spell types and ways to attack, but the game now at it's early stage is AWESOME, every single RPG game I've played,i've always chose mage, This game has good potential! I recommend my friends to buy it!"
76561198079090076,Not Recommended,261760,23852133,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,arcomateria,Amazing and awesome conceptpoor execution
76561197972238382,Not Recommended,261760,12289415,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dakimaz,"Perosnally i think this game is a mix between serious sam and Dark souls.Repetitive gameplay, with the same monsters spawning with almost identical time intervals.I got to the first boss, and i get how the mechanincs works, two adds are present at all times, regardless if you kill them off.There is a massive dude who can one-shot you, which you have to kill, along with another dude who invincible untill you kill of the big dude - what i cba with is to make perfectly timed blocks along with dodging, running and constantly be aware of adds and two bosses.But if you're into that kinda stuff, it might be just for you, if not, you should probably look elsewhere for entertainment"
76561198130356875,Recommended,261760,12495140,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,allanf27,"It is really incredible I really like the powerfull a mage can be, and this is the maximun exposure for magic and power."
,Not Recommended,261760,11944386,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,JohnMcBurney,"♥♥♥♥ing terrible, Don't put your money into this."
76561198053511420,Not Recommended,261760,13137890,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bugsfester,This is not a game in which you play as a powerful battlemage as the devs and sheeps would like you to believe it.It's a mediocure boring fps with bad pacing and extremely repetitive gameplay.Comparing this to a good fps like painkiller is like comparing a large pile of cow♥♥♥♥♥♥next to a solid brickhouse.Buy this if you are too stupid to enjoy anything good and unqiue.
76561197977959869,Not Recommended,261760,11928383,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,CatRandy,Worthless piece of crap. Would have been a waste at $5.
,Not Recommended,261760,17268285,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,maxstep,Awful. Purposely disabled cross-platform TressFx on Nvidia cards. Extremely anti-competitive move. Avoid at all costs.
,Recommended,261760,11984240,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,RevolutionXtreme,"When I purchased this game during the alpha stages for fun, I expected nothing, and I was left disappointed in the alpha.Now, it is fully released and I replayed it again, It is indeed one of the better indie games i've played.If you're planning to play this game, I recommend you click 'J' in-game and read about spell crafting.Without the knowledge about the crafting system, you will get bored and eventually just quit.The levels are VERY linear, putting you through corridors every level. After awhile, it will get boring...IF you dont understand the crafting system.What kept me addicted and playing is the fact that after every boss fight, I find a new spell (sigil). Since I failed to find information about the other spells on the internet, (no one posted anything...weird) I was excited and tempted to find out what exciting spell i will get next. One complaint i have is that some bosses are too cheap. They can 2 hit you or something.7/10P.S- ♥♥♥♥ Delirium (no idea how it works, pretty much useless)"
,Recommended,261760,18107578,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Kevinson Loðbrók,"It is a really good game, but with a coop it would be some of my best games! Please! I want to play it with some friends!!"
,Recommended,261760,10521586,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,BruceDanzig,what it should feel like to play an actual mage
76561198082651530,Recommended,261760,18004965,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Welel,Crazy♥♥♥♥♥wizard that is capable of defeating an entire undead army by himself.Can't jump up a 50cm ledge.
76561198008147584,Not Recommended,261760,12139755,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Bamma,"Game crashes, needs more updating before its worth playing"
,Recommended,261760,10155539,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Libertygeek,"While the game is still in Early Access it shows a ton of promise.  I have always been partial to mages and casters in general so to have a game that is centered on mages and makes them feel like powerhouses and not the so called glass cannon is great.  There are some people that argue that Battlemages should also be able to whield weapons but I like the fact that the mages in Lichdom: Battlemage don't have a need for a sword and board to get right up and personal against their foes.I am trying not to play the game too much until it releases as I want the story to be fresh to me, that said it is hard to play for a few minutes and not want to keep playing. Even in it's current form it is worth the money, can't wait to see it in it's finished state."
76561198118653581,Recommended,261760,12599254,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,s4HeadLUL,"Actually really fun, 9.325 outta 10"
,Recommended,261760,12532014,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Drizznaut,A must play!
,Recommended,261760,26042667,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Trebutche,"First off, this is not a FPS game.  This is a game of magic.  It is a game within its own genre.  It does not play like skyrim or any other similar looking game.  You fight and earn items that you use to create new and powerful spells.  You fight to liberate your world from an evil that has befallen it.  And it is glorious.  One of the first Early access games I supported.  Love it!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,261760,13646984,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Spicer-Man,"While my playtime is relatively short, I don't recommend this game. The story is just so stupid I can't bring myself to play anymore, the game looks nice but has a lot of frame drops and 20 mins was enough to grow tired of the very boring combat system. Perhaps it gets better in late-game, but there is nothing that makes me want to find out."
76561198059708034,Recommended,261760,19390395,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Stoney,k
,Not Recommended,261760,15681241,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,PCGaming247,"This game is junk. First off its dont in the Cryengen 3 and you would think it would be beautiful but textures are low res, ya cant jump, the controls are strange, and lots of other things that are just junk like the story and gameplay. Everone has wanted a game that you are a kick butt mage and but this aint it, firing your spells that are very limited in number have auto aim and take any skill or real feeling outa it. Id give this game 1 star if its 5 bucks buy it beat it uninstall and never play again."
,Recommended,261760,11890286,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Taco,No aim down sights. 2/10.
76561198036818411,Recommended,261760,11886937,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Terochtor,"This game lets you play a mage with no mana, no long cooldowns, and none of that annoying crap that prevents you from playing a truly spectacular mage in other games. The combat is fun, the crafting is deep and difficult to master, and the story is excellent. Deserves at least an A in my opinion, maybe even an A+. The only downside is it is VERY intensive on anything but a very expensive computer so be careful before you buy."
76561198052492115,Recommended,261760,12478757,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,warrax40,"Overall i am pleased with Lichdom. Overall i recommened this game to anyone who enjoyed playing skyrim, dark souls or other similar types games.Pros:- Cryengine 3 graphics are excellent.- Enjoyable game play with well designed levels.- Story is okay, immesive and logical.- a needed break from MMORPG and a nice upgrade from modded skyrim.- Wonderfully complex and amazing spell crafting system.Cons:- The spell crafting system is complicated. You need to be creative and like min/max mentality to take full advantage."
76561198065907894,Not Recommended,261760,13300086,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Bombkiller,♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Not Recommended,261760,21632444,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ambassador Pineapple,"I am one of those people who thought that this game was getting a bad rap for some stupid reason, but I was wrong.  This game just isn't that fun.  I literally have no idea how leveling up spells and customizing spells actually works, it just says click here to upgrade and I guess it's upgraded, but I can't see a difference.  On top of that it just doesn't feel like I'm someone with all the powers of magic at my fingertips.  If there were a lot more enemies, then I think this game would be great.  It just doesn't make me feel like I am a mage that is hurling death with every move of my hands.All in all I am glad I got this on a major sale.  Never pay $40 for this game."
,Recommended,261760,10083152,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,doge,Such blinkvery firemuch wizardwow!
76561197993882506,Recommended,261760,13660951,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,mloon01,"ok game, but not great"
,Not Recommended,261760,13859011,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,masternate,NO
76561198034753405,Not Recommended,261760,16197586,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ronald Ray Gun,This game crashes all the time. Don't get it.
76561197970818678,Not Recommended,261760,16486736,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nypyren?!?!,The first game where the Mage is totally boring to play!
,Not Recommended,261760,23006406,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Great_Snake,Very dissapointed over all and I was excited to play this... Feels like a game someone made in their garage and never quite finished. The scenery looks great but enemy AI simply doesn't exist. The begginning of the game is just enemies slowly walking towards you as you hit them with the same boring attack over and over again. The menus are convuluted and redundant. Overall very poor game.
76561198036614369,Recommended,261760,12390169,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,PARTY-CROW,This game iswicked awesome. The last time i sat down a played a game for more than 5-6 hours on the first sitting kingdom hearts 2 had just come out. I would not stop playing this game (till the hunger consumed me). Game is worth the buy.
76561198000791366,Recommended,261760,12395328,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,symphonyofdeath - Nekodance,"LOVE IT. the graphics have a skyrim feel to them and the combat is like darksouls mixed with the magic from skyrim and more.i will say that the game has a heavy learning curve, pay attention when your learning how to make spells, stacking the right effects is important. the game relies on you not taking much damage so learn to use your quick blink!if you can manage that then the game should be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome for u!"
,Recommended,261760,12405893,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Danan,To gut fo you!!!
76561198047668008,Not Recommended,261760,31658176,Posted: 9 May,all,aghinari,"Just can't deal with all the bosses auto aim unavoidable attacks, there are better games out there aint wasting my time on this anymore"
,Not Recommended,261760,13650780,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Skrat,"This game just wasn't that impressive at all. Granted, I don't have a lot of time put into it, but I don'y really plan on putting any more into it either, and that should say something.Their big sales pitch was ""be a bad♥♥♥♥♥mage"". Well ... it just doesn't really feel that way, and truth be told, it just didn't really feel that fun to be a mage either.You can get more of a ""bad♥♥♥♥♥mage"" feeling in any Elder Scrolls game, Kingdoms of Amular, and probably several others. Shoot, the wizard in the Gauntlet game was more of a ""bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; then this guy, and I hated that game.Long story short, I could sum up this whole review with just ""meh"", because that's really how this game felt. It wasn't anything special, just kind of another game in the mix."
76561198086281042,Recommended,261760,13741452,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MagikarpMLG,First time i played computer crashed 10/10 -ign
76561198152280680,Recommended,261760,14667172,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FourGoblin,if you like the magic in skyrim than this game is for you
,Not Recommended,261760,15121237,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,GREEDY,awful gameregret
,Recommended,261760,15103112,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JareBread,12/10 Has cool looking magic.
76561198150392339,Recommended,261760,18962073,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,garp-90,8 different magical elements to acquire and obtain .Beautiful .I hope there's a second game
,Recommended,261760,17455856,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,b.a.t.o.s,SO GOOD!)
,Recommended,261760,18862271,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mori N,Possibly the best magic orientated game around!
76561198080263894,Not Recommended,261760,16430019,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Daborgon,Got this game for 8$ still not worth just not fun and they are not clear at all of crafting
76561198047172098,Not Recommended,261760,20358860,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,feeder,Mega ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198035676535,Recommended,261760,18053535,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Ketsu,Is it hard? Yes. Is the crafting a bit confusing at first? Yes. (although they have since done much to simplify it.) Is it fun? Oh HELL Yes.
,Not Recommended,261760,32577681,Posted: 19 June,all,Officer McDoogle,"didn't like this game at all, combat wasn't that fun, level design wasn't impressive."
76561197977165692,Recommended,261760,18560642,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tjaranis,really damn good mage game.too long since i played it alot so wont do i long review. i was just chocked over the bad score so had to upvote it.
,Not Recommended,261760,26650710,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Concrete,I wanted to love this game but the crafting was a mess back when I played it. It might be better now but It was ruined for me in the past.
,Not Recommended,261760,25485710,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DonkeyWorld,"Meh. It's not bad. It's pretty mediocre. I think people looking to experience powerful magic would find better luck in Dragon's Dogma or Baldur's Gate. The different spells in this game mainly inflict different status effects. There's some smart combos players can use to overcome different bosses, but the linear level design feels pretty tedious.The problem is that there are just better games for what this game tries to deliver. I don't see what's the point on spending time on this one. It's not a good FPS, it's not a good fantasy game, it doesn't have a great progression system, the levels aren't interesting. You can go through it fine and get some killing action if it's on sale, but seriously I'd recommend looking elsewhere."
76561198033808497,Recommended,261760,11357258,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Remove Kebab,"--------EDIT----------------Now that the game is released it's way better. They touched up the visuals and added a few more sigils along with more chapters. Must buy for people who enjoy playing the mage in many games.Great game. The visual effects help with making you feel bad♥♥♥♥♥ The game is hard though. You have 3 health bars and you lose a bar about every 2 hits. Once you lose a bar you can't get it back until you find a ""shield"" orb. The graphics are amazing for an indie game. Some textures are pretty bad, but it's beta and for a beta it's really good. So far about 3 hours into the game and loving it. This game is a must have."
76561198066788962,Not Recommended,261760,24183658,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Diakoptes,"The idea is great - the battlemage thing no mana pool etc. but the game is way too easy, no compensation for the fact yer a mage, the plot is appaling (far up its own backside and does little to engage the player) and the characters just seem to be random weirdos who just happen to find you (first 2 people whom you meet who are major plot plebs)"
76561198030910180,Not Recommended,261760,11935342,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,tqssqt,"Incredibly beautiful, but incredibly boring game.Only play-style available - it's jumping around hordes of enemies dealing enormous damage without any results. But the enemies are able to kill you in 1-2 hits.Crafting is complicated and do not adding any sense."
,Recommended,261760,11880073,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,_7,It's pretty good. Wait for a sale.
,Recommended,261760,11912266,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,darkcecil13,"Lichdom: Battlemage is so good that it has ruined magic systems in all other games. I don't think I've had this much fun playing a game in a long time. Yes, this game is very fun to play, but it's also quite difficult The combat is very fast-paced and you will probably die a llot if your're not completely focused. Very satisfying so far!, in a Dark Souls II type-of-way.  You will become more powerful as you gain new spell types called Sigils, for which you can upgrade via crafting Spells and upgrading loot you find. Your sigils will also independently level up the more you use them.This is obvious, but the graphics are absolutely spectacular. I can't wait to see what types of envrionments are in store for me. I find myself just taking time out to view the scenery. Look carefully, because there is loot to be found!Is it worth the full price? Yes, absolutely! If you like playing a mage in any RPG, this game is definitely for you. No question about it."
,Recommended,261760,11895031,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,This game is magnificent! Its magic system is without equal. Its visuals are stunning. If you haven’t played it yet – you’re missing out.
,Not Recommended,261760,9616837,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,phet kone,"Terrible at this point in time. I'll give it this, the graphics are nice. Vsync is broken. You have access to literally 2 spells, both of which you can use in two different ways. I don't feel like a powerful mage when I have to throw 517 fireballs at an enemy to drop the ♥♥♥♥er. I like a game where I can click once and I launch the bloke through the air and when he hits the wall he explodes in a ball of fire. Not like im slapping him with my♥♥♥♥♥♥Fix the game."
76561198139993637,Not Recommended,261760,11841727,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,jeanlucfindlay,"Ok im going to be honest here. this games looks amazing in the video but as soon as you play it you are going to be disapointed. now dont get me wrong this game has great potential and could be awesome but theres 2 things that need to be fixed in order for it to even be playable. 1: MOTION F**KIN BLUR- it is mandatory and ruins the whole game, allow it to be disabled otherwise theres no one is going to propery enjoy it. 2- sort out this useless graphics, i have a good computer but this game is jittery and glitchy and just super laggy, i could tolerate for a bit but now i just want my money back becuse i cant even watch a cinematic in this it jjust keeps screwing up. if these two things are fixed i will give it the best god damn review out there, it will go from ultra SH*T to as good as the video looks. but yea atm i want a refund"
76561198069413565,Not Recommended,261760,10653225,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Helcaraxe,"Unfortunately I cannot reccomend the game, since when I attempted to launch it it immediatly crashed. Every time. this is due to it being incompatable with any graphics cards that do not have directx 11 as their standard. This does not mean upgrading to directx11 will fix this, I have directx 11, but that you need a graphics card that comes with directx 11 as it's standard. this game looked good, but for now it was a wasted $24. I am glad it was on sale, since $10 dollars can go a long ways in the steam summer sale."
76561197983577000,Not Recommended,261760,12633166,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Superfly,"Nice Idea, but the story is a bit dull and the game itself is totally unbalanced, the Bosses are unnecessarily strong. It really ruins the game. Wasted potencial, waste of money, a shame!"
,Not Recommended,261760,30776159,Posted: 27 March,all,midnite968,Still full of bugs and has been completely abandoned as far as I can tell. Not worth any amount of money
76561198052469457,Recommended,261760,10979344,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DUCK,"// *have not played this since after it go launched* // (not much more is it anyway?)Rating 4.5/10 in overall enjoymentOkey did my review from the ground up.They only thing its missing is the badass from Magicka...Where completing a Spell you felt like an♥♥♥♥♥to bad... a REAL Badass! (you know)so Yeah that is where I am goingI did enjoy the game somewhat and was cool in the beginning but thats mostly it of coolness (first impresson of this)Pros- Graphic is great most is above average with spell effects that is so awesome!- Some enemy change and new types of enemies.Cons- 1 click to use a spell...- Crafting is the way to make a spell nothing else after ""just press and use""- They redused why less like 70% less chance and twice as less amount of loot drops (like it feels like chests are no fun anymore)- Don't feel like you can use your power to the full extent (like teleporting etc)- It feels like the combat is awfull (more go to cover/run away) in Magicka it felt way better but there you had a sword/staff/gun that helped you out and made it way more fun also way faster movement.- Walks so slow sometimes it just becomes so annoying.."
,Recommended,261760,9630940,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Equinox💕,"So this game is really fun for not being finished. I think that it will be the greatest mage game ever once complete. The gameplay is really smooth, and the spell crafting system is really neat! The graphics looks better than crysis 3 and the game has a lot of potential. This game is going to be more money once it comes out so I recomend buying it in early access. I think its really worth it. Flaws so far are, no voice acting, and not much of a real story to it yet."
76561198068431321,Not Recommended,261760,25518493,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mijxero,"Charge a mastery spell, release, charge a damage spell, release.  Do this 700 times and you just played lichdom.  It tries to be a shooter, but lacks any rapid fire or quick gameplay that makes them so fun.  All this game has is combat area after combat area, over and over, which I can enjoy in borderlands or God of War, but in this combat is a frustrating chore."
,Recommended,261760,27699149,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Saphiricia,You wield the forces of life and death in your hands
76561198061695947,Not Recommended,261760,11385973,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ptahshepes,this is a fricking impossible game!!!! no matter what you do no matter how you spin it you are going to die because right at the start of the game when you are WEAK the game throws hordes! not one or two but five or six or seven  mosters at you that are fives times stronger than you and expect you to be able to kill them! they expect you to be all might! ive been stuck at the same point for over an hour and bloody make it past!!! DO NOT BUY IT WASTE OF DAMN MONEY!!!
76561198140572309,Recommended,261760,28962356,Posted: 2 January,all,pipylipsag,Woot Mage killer
,Not Recommended,261760,13337426,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,flippitydip,Your character moves like a snail
,Not Recommended,261760,16432824,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MajesticDolphin,"I bought this game on sale even though the reviews weren't the best (partly because I liked the graphics) and tried to play it, keyword triedIt started off on ""Very High"" Settings but I was only getting around 20 frames so I turned down the settings and tried again. Right now I'm playing on lowest settings and still only get about 30 frames inside and as soon as I get outside it drops to around 15inb4 terrible computerSpecs:8GB Rami7 4790kGTX 650Hopefully I'll be able to run this game next month when I get a 970 and before people flip out on me, yes I know it's optimized for AMD systems but I've heard people with AMD builds getting bad frames too"
,Not Recommended,261760,13675135,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jampayne,Thoroughly boring and immensely disappointing.
76561198040792808,Recommended,261760,11934460,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,sans.,"This game is filled with abnormally long load times, performance issues, a complicated crafting system and AWESOME FIREBALLS THAT MAKE PEOPLE EXPLODE."
,Recommended,261760,11935223,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Wedelviech,"Its now finished. i played since Alpha state and that what it is now... is just... <3 its wonderful. Interesting Gameplay (you can mix your own 3 ""spell classes"") the graphics are great. And the difficulty is okay"
,Not Recommended,261760,25851887,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,KokoMANZZZ,This game is extreamly boring and slow. I don't recommend this game to anyone. Really disappointed buying this game even with discount...
,Not Recommended,261760,25297540,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Im sorry eh,It wasnt as fun as I thought it would be to become an all powerful Lichdidnt play for long but from what I played i can say it was underwhelming
76561198049192616,Not Recommended,261760,14374960,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Tao Long,Want a badass mage? Buy Magicka.This is a fireball FPS.
76561198046817912,Recommended,261760,30296074,Posted: 3 March,all,figfur10n,A really interesting take on casting as a mage. Make your own spells augment them become powerful stack buff de-buff. It can be really fast paced but with a right combination of your creativity you can over come. Story line is bleh but gameplay is good.
,Recommended,261760,24246778,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,www.sleepytimegorillamuseum.com,if you're high enough each level will be like the first time
,Not Recommended,261760,19516815,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,nighthawk,This game gets really old really quick.
,Not Recommended,261760,19254473,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RedFubar,♥♥♥♥♥GAME not one bit like the videos control are slow casting is slow it not worth ♥♥♥♥ing buying. i got it on a humble dealso not so bad.
,Not Recommended,261760,25215790,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Apex,na m8 its not that good
,Recommended,261760,10501037,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Can we make friends?,OMFG DUDES IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME BATTLEMAGE SIMULATOR ! U ♥♥♥♥ING BURN IN FLAMES OF MY LOVE! YEAH >:D LET'S ROCK ♥♥♥♥♥ES :}}}}}}}}
76561198045312123,Recommended,261760,11171369,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kurono Kei,"Lot , lot , and lot of bugs , i know its alpha only , but i cant even play it on more then very low graphics , the movement and casting is so glitchy , that it stuckes and you go auto forward or backwards, cant cast ability so you die ... lot of work to do , but the idea of game is good :) exited for official realease and hope it will be soon :)"
76561198122751515,Recommended,261760,9633321,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,please play roblox with me,Lichdom Battle Mage is an adidtive game and the amd quad-core does not like this game.This game lags and doesnt have many options for the settings to stop lag. 7/10
,Recommended,261760,10299899,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,beiruty,sick sick gameplay a little laggy but expexcted for pre-alphastill for pre-alpha very stable
76561198130667741,Not Recommended,261760,24418684,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,moeglie,"bought the game when it first was on sale a long time ago and at first it felt this game had something that could have been but even noeaday yes its repetitive and will get boring has very linear. not much story to it, if you don't die of boredom. even on sale spend the hard earned money to well for RPG..Magic and action games far better. Recommend umm ""Nope""."
76561198048248480,Not Recommended,261760,24491803,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Oggy,"Very Boring, same set up different surroundings. Everyone says it has potential, but it's all hype and very lackluster. Linear game progression with no side quests. ""Thousands of spells"", you get a handfull of elemental types to choose from with a chance to increase dmg or add dots to spells from complete random ""mob drops"" :slow clap:. I never once was amazed, the game identifies you as a ""dragon"" and the only ones I know of are dead or badass (your nothing but a non badass mage). Save yourself some time, money, and effort, just stick to Skyrim."
76561198095142057,Not Recommended,261760,24921270,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Domi-Nation,"I'd just like to start this off by saying that I haven't finished the game. I would also like to state that I don't EVER plan on finishing it. Visually, it's gorgeous. Everything else about it sucks. The battles are monotonous, the spell crafting system is atrocious, there's next to no story, the dialogue is over-dramatic and dull, and the game itself is incredibly over-priced. The only good thing to come out of this for me, was the fact that I bought it when it was on sale."
76561198016208350,Recommended,261760,11941931,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ranman,"Meh... It's good but it's not $40.00 good.I will give this game a good rating for it's difficulty and graphics. Especially the visuals. They spent a good amount of time making the scenery look awesome and it really does.On the the cons... While the game sounds cool, the premis of being an all powerful battlemage the game diddn't give me that feeling.The spells are cool and you can esentially non stop cast but the spells you can use during each encounter are limited to three elements and only a few attack spells per. You have to stop and change you're slots and when you do you lose the level progress. I was hoping for a complete toolbelt of spells. I'm the kind of guy that likes keybinding too so it would've been cool to be able to sue some of that.FIghts are redundant. You can draw on a endless supply of power but you will soon find that you cast the same one or two spells over and over and over and again and again...If you're reading this let me ask you a question. Did you play Skyrim? If yes then I will tell you the spellcasting system is similar to the one spell in one hand, one in another. Though Skyrims spell system is not anywhere as indepth as Lichdom I will say Skyrim is still better because even though the spell system is limited the gameplay doesn't feel so redudtant and linear.I will reccomend it but just barely. It should be like a $20.00 or $25.00 game.5.5/10"
,Recommended,261760,9569535,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Razt,"Probably an alpha thing, but has high system requirements. Cryengine 3 looks really good though."
,Not Recommended,261760,25688000,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Shine,"Pretty, but incredibly dull.Spell crafting is extremely limited and what little you can make, you can only really equip a mere few to carry into battle. Very few of the spells you can make feel fun at all.Story is mediocre, but the dialogue is okay.Combat and general gameplay is where it falls the most though. It's tedious, repetative and just not remotely interesting.It tries to have interesting battle combos and encourages you to do things like ""Freeze your enemies and then blast them with fire for more damage"" but given how little in terms of magic you can equip at once you end up limiting yourself to having only a couple of combos that get repeated again and again.Getting through enemies feels like a chore. The game likes to throw large groups of enemies at you, that take forever to get through in a very unsatisfying manner.On top of this all, the controls themselves feel clunky.Overall, a huge disappointment."
,Not Recommended,261760,32658020,Posted: 22 June,all,RickelodeonTV,Aggressively bland.
,Not Recommended,261760,11937985,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,causas,All the fun and excitement of a pap smear with none of the fuzzy tingles afterwords
,Recommended,261760,11880379,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,=rTr= Septicemic,BEAUTIFUL
76561197994851504,Recommended,261760,13727350,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,raylusion103,"I Have a decent gaming rig            9/10.Great graphics,Crysis 3 Engine2 GTX 760 SLIAMD fx 8320 4.0Asock Extreme9 990fx850w 80+silverwin 8.1 pro 6416gb ram3tb hdd"
76561198046122260,Not Recommended,261760,11896680,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,sir kiwi the III,An awful game.
,Not Recommended,261760,28639219,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,distraughtklownz,"Looks like it should be great, graphics are fantastic and you are hella strong, but gameplay is not intuitive and the game is glitchy as F. Ultimately probably not worth the download."
76561198020506980,Not Recommended,261760,26488555,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"Cool concepts, good ideas, but it all falls short in the end.The ""thousands of spells"" are actually just a few spells with thousands of number variations (stats tweaking) through crafting.Also the controls and gameplay in general can get quite annoying.It could (and should) have been so much better."
,Not Recommended,261760,19179334,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ZeddyZed,"I have a moderate PC and this runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥..TOTALLY MY FAULT//updated reviewI have revisited this game after updating my pc to  high spec. The graphic is alot smoother however the game play is absolutely repetitive and it gets even more vomitable as I progress.Firstly, the game follows exactly the same pattern throughout. You literally walk from one place to the other, fighting a tribe of enemies, ocasionally a boss and get to a save point before you die.The enemies are badly designed. They are all green so sometimes you can't tell if they are the same and it gets repetitive when you see them again and again. The boss fights are nasty as well. Almost unplayable due to the difficulty.The map is even more repetitive. You have to look around for purple flusks while squeezing through tunnels and so on.Even the magic crafting system isn't as satisfying as it should be and soon you will realize it is incredibly shallow and dull when  you get into the game.As an arcade game, it lacks tempo and excitement. As an RPG, it lacks pretty much everything. The plot is boring as ♥♥♥♥ and you have to listen to the bird man speaking once in a while, who literally does nothing.10/10  vomit simulator"
,Not Recommended,261760,29570443,Posted: 29 January,all,SEND EM 2 THA ESSENCE,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this game
,Not Recommended,261760,31187103,Posted: 16 April,all,HarryHighDef,"Seriously bad controls, movement feels horrible, story is dry and forced."
76561198014774321,Recommended,261760,9585900,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,TallDrake,"brought it, get black screen (With sound and cursor) on start up. currently unplayable."
,Recommended,261760,18163376,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,asmodeas,"It feels like you hold the power in your hands, not some 1lvl sorcerer power, more like something pew pew bam bam in your face!!! it is the best game to play to unleash your wrath"
,Not Recommended,261760,24501933,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Marcus Parsons,"While it is a very good looking game. the problem with Lichdom Battlemage is the Spell craft is overly complicated (while some might like that) it's not very casual frendliy. It's like any other crafting system in other games but on steriods you end up upgrading, mixing, crafting and combining bits and bobs to you can add to you spells which also be mixed and matched.The big problem is the menus on equiping all is this is confusing as you click on something in a menu and have no Idea what you have just changed and how it will effect your proformance of your spells.It reminds me abit of Amored Core from ""FromSoftware"" in a sence that actually combat is sort of striaght forward and simple but the ulimate challenge is puting together a capable build of whatever to get progress through the game.Even when all the above previously mentioned problems are gone and stick smart inventory on. The game just ends up being so boring, just constanty spaming the fire spells, just to quickly elimate them, sometime I freeze them to add variaty. levels are long and linear and you never have any sense you are progressing through the game until you hit boss.Near the end game or 2nd half, in the swamp like level, you feel like you are about to hit a end level boss or something whenever any you come across a quiet wide open area, instead more generic enemies spawn and just fight away again."
,Not Recommended,261760,10650075,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,William Shakesman,What's the fearsome unleashed power of the mage? Essentially it's like a slower FPS protagonist with only one slow firing gun.And that gun is crafted through one of several thousand randomly generated little bits. Ooh +0.2 rechage +0.1 dmg over time +0.4 fire oh boy look at all these decisions.
,Not Recommended,261760,10903237,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,barbazu,It crashed my windows 7 system on 28 of June 2014. Unable to see even the initial credits. Just a black screen.
,Not Recommended,261760,12736206,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,sarcasticsailor,If you wanna play this game because it reminds you of skyrim then don't purchase it. If you like a good spell creating game then this one might suite you. Check points can be rough but if you don't die you should be fine. Was dissapointed at the overall experience but then again its only fifteen dollars so just pass it up if you don't wanna spend the money. But if you have all the time in the world then go ahead and play this
,Recommended,261760,11920822,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Xahzaw,"It's A hard, but very fun and custom game. And ♥♥♥♥ing awesome spells!"
,Not Recommended,261760,13289493,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,"For a game that prides itself on a ""badass mage"" with unlimited powers, this sure has a ton of low tier, apprentice level, Elder Scrolls-like weak magic.Actually, not a ton. There's a slow casting fireball with no splash damage, a slow casting fire rain spell with splash damage, a useless shield, and a stream of ice that doesn't do anything but freeze enemies for a very short period of time.If you're going to advertise a game with the promise of awesome magic powers, give us♥♥♥♥♥♥like slamming the sky into the ground and shaking space time in order to absorb enemies into a rift full of knives.Edit: Just though I'd update this and point out something. This game is a total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,261760,12646259,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,tahor888,"I just started the game in a town, went to the other side of the river and killed two enemies. I was not able to continue... there is a closed gate and it doesn't open.Is that a bug??"
76561198022759460,Recommended,261760,11877004,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,moonbeam,great game very enjoyable refreshing to have no mana bars or cool down on your magic just keep casting different spells expermenting with the craft system create the powerful spells recommended.
,Recommended,261760,11910413,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,"If you like magic, Jennifer Hale, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with magic, crafting your own magic spells and feeling like a genuine badass, then this game is for you."
76561198027959571,Not Recommended,261760,20956780,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zombles,I do not have a long attention-span.
76561198004072060,Not Recommended,261760,33641404,Posted: 18 July,all,Shpiler Killer,.
76561198012807542,Not Recommended,261760,30669490,Posted: 22 March,all,Valtaya,"Hands down definitely the worst game in gaming history so far.When I think about it, the only thing I like about this game is the ""idea"" and that is all.No explanations in the game.No tutorials or whatsover.No real good comparison between all the spells.Since the descriptions are so bad, you got to test EVERYTHING out to find out, if the spell you create is actualy worth using it.And worst of all the combat... actualy all the NPCs (especialy bosses) and the amount of them and what they do, it is all designed for fast combat, which is not possible in this game. YOu want to charge your spell? Well, you cant  run. No dodge, no evade, no side stepping (btw you got something that is called blink, but the range is a stupid joke compared to what you realy need).And well the bosses... first you fight and die like 100 times before you can figure out what actgualy makes damage, and then when you find out, you actualy have to constantly damage the boss or the health regenerates, leading to an endless battle. On top of that, rarely you are there alone with the boss who is alreadcy one hitting you and is a titan when it comes to hp.There surely are people who like this sort of games, but do not let it fool you, all 3 Dark Souls makes you less frustrating then this game."
,Recommended,261760,31266050,Posted: 20 April,all,Kolliso,barely played but ill get around to it
,Recommended,261760,11899929,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Vegas,This is the game where YOU are the mage.x No mana ( real mages didn't have that did they? ) ;)x Badass skillsx Great graphicsx Do you want to be THE mage ? Buy this.
,Recommended,261760,11883648,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,BundyMcBeef,Nice Game.  Makes you fee like a Mage should be!
76561197981031102,Not Recommended,261760,30262762,Posted: 1 March,all,Rancidarse,"""bad♥♥♥♥♥mage"" what a lie!Bought this when it was in early access, wish I hadn'tThe combat is just so boring, tedious, repetative, got to the point where I said ""f**k this game"" and never went back to it."
,Not Recommended,261760,25348358,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,AyyySB,"If you suck with learning curves like myself, don't get it. Take this review as a pinch of salt. You are better off reading other reviews for this game instead of using this one solely to make your decision."
,Not Recommended,261760,10077280,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Cancer,"The game looks nice from the trailers but for some reason my comp will not optimize this properly, leading to frame drops tantamount to freezing the game entirely. The graphics (the ones that I can actually see in motion) look nice for a pre-alpha, but there is still much more work to be done. Buy it when it comes out as a beta."
,Not Recommended,261760,25330560,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Obi1Shinobi,It is just kind of boring
76561198008682120,Recommended,261760,34064851,Posted: 6 August,all,Limitless Ryze,"Freaking love the game, actually makes you feel like a mage for once in a video game. Graphics are among the best I've ever witnessed!"
,Not Recommended,261760,34115758,Posted: 8 August,all,OCCVLT,umm well ya sure  i mean i bought the gane but i never play it ....i went through it once
,Not Recommended,261760,11897575,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,gam,1/10. worst spell crafting system ever. wtf lol
,Not Recommended,261760,21653333,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,sagz the king of vegan cheese,culd be koul but ids not so don get et
76561198028351980,Not Recommended,261760,11915351,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,zachjackel,Had the possibility to be great but all you end up doing is using a ranged freezing spell over and over and they cant touch you. no challenge
76561197981910222,Not Recommended,261760,9679461,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mortaris,"Verry nice graphics, but its verry bugged too. I can play 5 min. Blackscreen inc at the ""vision portal"".Wait till next updates"
,Recommended,261760,11949083,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Sallenel,"Awsome game. Really funny, great story. If you like dishonored i think you will like this one as well. :)"
76561198041973995,Recommended,261760,13720404,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Funny__Man,awesome
,Recommended,261760,11668497,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Strenzo,is there any way to refund this game. i dont like it. i can barely run it.
,Not Recommended,261760,24572221,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,kkgg84,Don'† buy this if you are at all prone for RSI
,Not Recommended,261760,13307161,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"While the production values are pretty top notch, this game has very mediocre levels, handling, and mechanics.Movement is functional, but clunky.  Evasive dash mechanic is very clunky and is limited in some facets in a way that makes it difficult to understand the limits.  Further, you can very easily dash into pits and not even know that it happened.  While battlefield management is a valid game design element, without being able to jump holes in the floor are not far off from megaman spikes.The spell system, the core and meat of what this game offers to someone looking for a wizarding game suffers a lot from trying to be a loot treadmill.  While the idea of being able to craft your own spells out of components is initially very interesting, the actual variety of spells is extremely limited.  You will get tons of components to craft spells that barely differ from one to the next, and you will have piles of these things that will initially overwhelm and then immediately underwhelm.Combat itself is stilted by the spell system as either constantly switch between elements to take advantage of control spells, that manipulate enemy function and almost all additionally ""store damage"" that is released by damage spells.This would be a cool mechanic if it weren't for that this does very little to add to the game and ultimately just leads to either A) a lot of constantly switching back and forth between two weapons, creating micromanagement that doesn't add to the fun because it is somewhat required or B) Set up a single element to have control as one component and damage as the other.What further complicates this is that the critical damage system (which, awesomely, allows for double crits), demands that you charge your spells to do guarantee critical damage if you want to actually make use of your efforts.  The starter fireball spell does ~80 damage out the gate, crit ~190, and if you crit into a charged pool effect with control, over 600 and doens't require reapplications.This example may sound cool, but that's not an example, that's basically the beginning and end, not doing it this way will feel like your spells are just very colorful cotton balls a lot of the time, or you'll be constantly reapplying control effects for bonus damage, or ignoring them all together just to avoid having to micromanage the issue.  You may say ""well, that doesn't sound so bad, really, it's not that much extra work"", except that if you don't specifically craft a spell for increased control duration, the duration will wear off almost immediately upon casting your spell, assuming you have no delay between the effect being applied and the following damage spell.  Otherwise, the effect can easily wear off before it applies.This rapidly leads to a game feel where instead of having individual powerful and fun spells that you have to juggle spell components in the middle of battle to generate basic effects.  That would be great if it was like Magicka where you're wielding elements and then unleashing them, but all that ""spell crafting"" is done in menus and then just functions as small modifiers on how the weapon functions.Which, again, wouldn't be bad, if the crafting wasn't 90% just stacking bonuses instead of having different spell effects.======== Further Play Review ========The game never changes.  You get new elemental sigils, and more and more things to craft, and the enemy variety alters slightly, but this is, otherwise, a completely linear cooridoor shooter that fails to reward you and will punish you without explaining to you what you've done.Avoid this game unless it's at a deep discount and you otherwise don't believe me."
,Not Recommended,261760,9612426,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tigax,"This game was sold under the pretence that it would work on graphics cards with 1024 MB memory and DirectX 11.  That was false.VERY MANY people cannot play this game at all, do yourself a favor and read the forums regarding the ""black screen"" so you can make sure your graphics card will work with this game."
76561198008596241,Recommended,261760,34064724,Posted: 6 August,all,Mannimarco,"Absoulutely Astounding graphics, I got this with my twin and we love it, no sale price, the full price, because BA mages dont go cheap."
76561197985327066,Recommended,261760,13072268,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,RØDSPÆTTE™,Yes You Can.
76561198018221953,Not Recommended,261760,11071446,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,arnaud_defrance,"It could be worse, it's still terrible.The concept of battlemage is fairly interesting, advertising great flexibility and fun in a hack'n'slash with lots of spells.It unfortunately fail in that regard. The graphic are pretty good, if somber, with a good amount of details. They would have been a lot more enjoyable however with more interaction. The starting level, in a town, showed the color in that, plenty of places to sneak in... with absolutely no easters eggs of any kind.There are a fair amount of enemies in successive arena. The instant rebirth, with a decent penalty, isn't bad per see... but it is awful when the enemies are always exactly the same, in the same place. The game would have been better off with procedures-generated levels, at least for the enemies.The greatest failure of the game however, is the gameplay and control. Lichdom uses a setting more adapted to console, and perhaps gamepad, than computers with keyboards. It show terribly in combat, making using defence, combo, charged nova, and dancing around enemies a gigantic CHORE rather than a fun tactical challenge.It increase a degree with the 3 sigils limits, in each three cases with one targeted spell, one aoe, and one defense sigil... that you have to swap between color during combat to use as combos.A freer configuration allowing to set up multiple style of casting with different colors might have taken longer to configure, but would have been a LOT more fun... correct that, it would HAVE been fun, rather than a boring sitting session once you realize how limited the system is.The synthesis and equipment moments generally kill all remaining interest. It's extremely random since its update, never tell you what you're going to get, force you to swap between journal and menu, taking far too many seconds each time, to make good setups...Agument for instance, for some reason, show the special modifiers bonus when you create a spell... but not the amount destruction/control/mastery associated with them, forcing you to check or make half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥comparaison with the show stats.It get worse when you see how the synthesis menu work, given that every item is put through a single list where it can take a minute, or entire minutes, plural, after enough enemy kills.This was especially disappointing after coming from Transistor, which had a great deal many combos and tactics to assemble.Baring a large-scale overhaul of the Lichdom: Battlemage, I would recommend to avoid this game. Earnestly."
76561198070641635,Not Recommended,261760,27969201,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PotatoL0rd24,The game trys to be challenging by making strong enemys and makeing them have a bunch of health but all they got was super annoying enemys it just takes the fun out of the game.
,Recommended,261760,11876647,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Lycaon,Great game to play if you wanna be a super badass mage.
,Not Recommended,261760,26005348,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Sluxslol,it wasn't very fun.
,Not Recommended,261760,29186300,Posted: 11 January,all,GHO5TLY,"Without doubt, one of the worst possible games in existance.There is no guidelines in this game, you have to try every feature yourself, and with no turtorial.I do not recommend this game, not only because it has no guides, but also because the story itself is boring, and so is the game."
76561197989240114,Not Recommended,261760,25405367,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Super FRANKY! The Cyborg,This game sucks. Why? The Devs are dead and the game crashes on start up with no resolution. Quiet an Orphanned game this one is. DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,261760,14201732,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Inspector Spacetime,wellll looking great me as war gamer will have dun a ovel or rond bass and mack look like a planet but you have bass and agen as wargamer i have made look like the ship in side butt your thing works will be seeing the vid cant what tell the geess last vid when ALL together :::)))) ﻿
76561197999858181,Not Recommended,261760,10498948,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Quickie-24k,This game is a joke.. Very boring. Yet everyone likes it.. Its worth 10$.
76561198012595059,Not Recommended,261760,9759308,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Aksel Rose,"In short, it plays like a really bad fps with slow moving bullets. Maybe it will pick up later, or maybe I am missing something important. But after experimenting with the synthesis for an hour, I don't think so.I have played through the first three hours hoping that there would come a point where I would get something other than a slow ranged fireball/iceball attack. I was disappointed. The contagion ranged attack was even worse. The other spell types set you up for failure with slow casting times and the fact that you die in about four hits if your enemies get near you. There is a lot available in the way of customization as far as spell effects are concerned. Unfortunately the effects are almost entirely negligible."
,Not Recommended,261760,9741660,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,no love deep cleanse,"I had some pretty low expectations for this game, and it bored the hell out of me. The sound barely worked, the graphics are generic but pretty, and the gameplay is slow as hell. I would have loved this game if it had a tutorial and a jump button but I don't think these guys could be asked."
76561198075295477,Recommended,261760,12945547,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,thecrowbar474,I like it.
,Not Recommended,261760,10776335,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alandrus Sun,Not worth buying currently
76561198010986582,Not Recommended,261760,9597542,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,smcs77,get black screen (with sound and cursor) on start up. unplayable.
76561198058759866,Not Recommended,261760,9600621,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,kiaralight,"Couldn't tell you what the game is like casue this game will not function without Direct x 11 compatible graphic's cards,,without it you only get a blank screen.. So far developers have only told me to get a new card the support Direct X 11.. not inkling this is ever going to be fixed.. So until this is fixed I can't recommend this game."
76561198010633637,Not Recommended,261760,9631203,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,✠Deser✞🅵☢⚔⚔M✠,"This game sucks!!!!! You are a genderless character walking around with two crusty hands zapping people. Developer insured you will not have classes or a character creator.Let me let you in on a secret, I am a person that hasn't requested a refund for X-Rebirth and we all know how bad that game sucked. But i'm definitley getting my money back for this game, as it is going know where good, it's another game developers are making for themselves."
76561197972619463,Not Recommended,261760,13723420,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Decoy,Terrible.
76561198273788253,Not Recommended,261760,30783870,Posted: 27 March,all,josephs29,I am not sure about the game becuse it keeps crashing at the start of the game. Is there going to be a update to fix this problem?
,Not Recommended,261760,24501247,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheFlamingGalah,"This game feels awkward, especially so when it uses abuse against women as a plot device. One time my NPC friend in the game tells me she hates some bad guy because he sold her sister, then 30seconds later the bad guy is threatening my player-character's sister. The plot was supposed to make me think the ""bad guy"" is a truely evil character and want to kill the bad guy, however it just made me cringe and then turn off the game.I'm not some feminist who thinks this is a conspiracy, I am just a normal gamer feeling icky about some bad story writing. I'm only early in the game and might change my opinion later but the spells are a touch awkward to."
76561198056662143,Recommended,261760,11877659,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ShadowKiller108,MMmm Right Sexy!
,Not Recommended,261760,9595868,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ShakiraAlmond4,there is no backround to the gameplay it is a lag fest the sensitivity is horrible and the mouse is on the screen the whole time so it annoys the heck out of me that it scrolls by side to side and is not atleast in the center HORRIBLE
,Not Recommended,261760,9757768,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,iamagiantcat,wretched changing the fov tricks you into thinking an enamy will not hit you because they look like they are 6 feet away (2-ish meters) and causeing you to take dumb damage. the options menu is also♥♥♥♥♥♥poor and barren.at this state maybe 4/10
,Not Recommended,261760,11890532,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Blackbell,"The game is well-made... I have a PC wich can run Skyrim in high quality, but this game not.Secondly, fights aren't interesting, it's slow, numbers appears on your screen and you don't even know why they means !Also the crafting system is NOT explained, so you have to do things you don't even understand, comparing stats out of nowhere, and equip spell that you don't even know what they do.Seriously, don't buy this game on steam ... He is too much expensive for what he is."
,Not Recommended,261760,13242293,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ShadowSeaker,It's... not good.
,Not Recommended,261760,9794043,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Josh,poorly optimized.. extremely poor.
76561198124608595,Not Recommended,261760,10503392,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,The Zesty Burrito,this game is so bad i should not of bought it for $40 its not worth the money its a 0/10 would play
,Recommended,261760,11882469,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ciradis,did this game seriously manage to crash 2 times in the intro? thanks amd10/10
,Not Recommended,261760,12719838,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SAV1OUR,i want my money backstory sucks♥♥♥♥♥i mean come on haven't we had this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story a million times already? as for the game play its fun for about 10 minutes then it gets boring as helltldrdon't get
76561198004577398,Not Recommended,261760,11930045,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Phantom,no
76561198027656407,Not Recommended,261760,12923894,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Funnypun,meh
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,261760,12769042,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"Pretty terrible gameplay.  Not a good field of view making it feel like a console game but very good graphically.Hard for me to play for long because the field of view is so nauseating.However, this is an easy choice because the actual gameplay is so utterly monotonous. Extremely boring despite it being very good looking. This is one I couldnt bear. FOV and poor gameplay.  4 out of 10 because it looks ok and had no bugs I could find."
76561197998391741,Not Recommended,261760,13001634,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Oversold
76561198085042889,Not Recommended,261760,27234554,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(SC) King Valas,This game is a steaming pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,261760,19376319,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Grue,"Tricky to get started, but once you learn how to mix spell combos you can become a true force of nature."
76561198114220083,Recommended,261760,19444553,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Foundationer,Pros:-awesome graphics (cryengine 3)- story is pretty good-no mana or cool downs-difficult-cool maps-spell craftingCons:-need a good computer-sometimes too difficult-archers are f*cking annoying
76561198087386614,Recommended,261760,10099543,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,masterofpuppetsrules,"I like the game, just not as is. for now the concept of the game I love.(Random mini glowy thing in an inconcspicuous spot is touchable but when touched: lights up and all of a sudden you are fighting a horde of face eating gladiater zombies in a fight for your life. is one such example of part of the concept of the game I love) I have no idea why it would happen and I hope the information will be there eventually as to why that may have happened. I survived that instance of random fight or die situation, so because of that randomness and lack of understanding It felt like a scary movie where I had to poke everything in the eye with my crappy fire balls or nothing was going to be okay (and thats all I knew). It was fun.  I hope to see more spell effects. For instance the fire manipulation magic could have an interesting concept about ""controlling"" things that are ""set"" on fire *wink wink* thrown in there some how. just as an example, pay no mind to the random idea. Love the game, And I loved super smash bros. for me that is saying something. I can't play the game though because it feels very linear, I don't know what is going on story wise and the spells are slow and feel clunky for as little as they do. Alot of the time i am just running marathons backwards for days without any other reason besides waiting for the damage to rack up high enough to kill the freakin braindead zombie. I am sure you guys are going to murder the game (in a good way) and i will be playing more and more with each update for sure. Love the game, The bosses are hella fun, Need like 2 or so more spell options at any given time besides the ""2"" though or I wont be playing any more. If you want some funding I would't mind donating to this awesome concept of kick♥♥♥♥♥mage takes down evil corrupt government of doom. Someone feel free to message me and I will gift this to you so you may try it, for your sake and the developers sake. Spreading the love, Wooo!"
76561198099829374,Recommended,261760,10103119,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Luciatrum,"The Good: The Graphics are outstanding, the music fits the mood of the game, and the combat difficulty is nearly Dark Souls level.The Bad: The gameplay is pretty repetetive as of now, spells consist of a single blast, an aoe, a barrier, and a teleport. And this is for all spells, not just your initial Fire and Ice powers. Granted, each spell has different effects and can be uniquely upgraded, but at the end of the day you are still just shooting the same 4 spells. For a game that is designed to make you feel all powerful, it instead makes you feel limited to what you can actually do.This game has amazing potential. Whether it will live up to it is unknown. I have high hopes for this game, which is why I would still recommend it in spite of the combat system. It is still a very enjoyable game and definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,261760,9994261,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Aether Fang,"It's in Pre-Alpha right now, but it's really shaping up to be quite an exciting game. Last stage was a bit rough, but it's really starting to come together in this build. I really hope it keeps the balance of feeling powerful with having a good difficulty."
76561198113211272,Recommended,261760,10023279,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,swagmaster_dave,"I'm having a glitch where i load my game and any menu i go into doesn't go away including the loading screen, I love this game but help??"
76561198026921632,Recommended,261760,10025285,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Changer Of Ways,"While it's a solid concept, after playing through gaining my first three spell elements it feels like there's not much variety in spells or enemies, the levels are straightforward, and the story could be better. Keeping an eye on this nonetheless."
,Recommended,261760,13172651,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Terapayne,"I blew stuff up. A lot of stuff, and there were colours. So many colours. Things just, sort of, blew up and then I saved the world.Yep. 8/10 would do again."
,Recommended,261760,13133260,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Alice,"You can craft a plethora of spells to cover any and all types of situations. Freeze your foe in a block of ice, cast a pestilence on them, or turn your adversaries against each other......if you want to be flashy. All you need is to upgrade the basic fireball and everything dies in 1-3 hits."
,Recommended,261760,13503712,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Exton,"Lichdom: Battlemage Badass. How many hordes of undead can you take before it gets repetitive? Turns out that the answer is way more than the game currently offers. The hordes keep getting bigger, the bosses bigger and badder. And when it comes down to it I just can't get enough. I have lost myself for hours in the quest to make the undead wish they were still dead. The spells seemed limited but at second glance the crafting makes so many options available that it fits a ton of play styles. This isn't your Warfare or alien FPS this here is Battlemage. And it is the standard for what any game should try to be. There is no army you are taking point for, there is no team. It's you vs the world, And the world shall burn. Revenge shall be yours. The places you go are amazing the things you kill are ugly. But the most important. Your spells are godly. There is no other way to explain it. You walk into the game. And from start to finish you lay waste to everything you ever thought the denizens of hell would be and then some that are just annoying enough to keep it satisfying to watch them burn to ash in front of your eyes. If you pass up this game you pass up everything that is Badassery. Buy it. Ravage it. Savour the carnage one battlemage can bring upon those who have wronged you."
,Not Recommended,261760,13802011,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ingi,Can't even play it. Shuts down my computer after a few minutes. Never had that happening to my computer by any other game.
76561198039525397,Not Recommended,261760,13793455,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lysol,"Any time someone opens their mouth, I want to kill my self"
,Not Recommended,261760,13794773,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wink,This game isn't bad but just so mediocre to the point of dissapointing.
,Recommended,261760,13786506,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kooldude_377,its all about being a mother♥♥♥♥ing sorcerer!
76561198080590925,Recommended,261760,13750546,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,The Final Arbiter,Simply an amazing magic system and experience to play!
76561198082421319,Not Recommended,261760,13744487,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Metro,"Fun, but gets repetitive very fast. If the gameplay was faster and more dynamic I would feel much more like a badass. The three spell thing that everyone else is complaining about isn't really a huge problem, I kind of like it kept to attack spells only rather than enchantments and stuff, but like I said, the selling point of the game is to feel like a badass and be able to obliterate everything in your sight however you want, but I feel like that charaacter could be much stronger and at least be able to jump."
,Recommended,261760,13749947,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darth Fluffy,As someone who plays a mage in every RPG this game is amazing. Great choice of different spells and pretty complex and challenging
,Recommended,261760,13772420,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,byronmiller,"This is a very enjoyable game which is worth picking up, provided you know what to expect.Do not expect non-linearity, particularly varied enemies, or a deep plot.Do expect a wonderfully engaging crafting system, beautiful scenery and competent voice acting, and unbelievably satisfying spell-slinging.The new 'smart inventory' system works beautifully to get you into the game (as long as you poke your head into the journal to look up a few concepts now and then) enough to begin crafting your own spells. I typically don't like crafting-focused games too much - I generally want to be able to pick stuff up and hit a ""optimise"" button to equip the best stuff. This handles that nicely - if you craft a spell, the smart inventory will then provide an upgrade button when appropriate, making inventory management simple. If even that level of crafting puts you off, you can treat the default spells as abilities to be mixed, matched, and upgraded, never diving into the deep spell crafting system underneath. With this approach you'd end up using, say, fire for damage, ice for crowd control, and kinesis to apply mastery (play the game to find out that *that* means).The combat is not hugely varied, but is consistently challenging and scales well - smacking down demons in the later stages which were Big Bosses earlier on is immensely gratifying. The minions only have a few flavours and types - melee, ranged, spellcasters, flying, and tanks. Even on lower difficulties this is sufficient to provide a consistent challenge, although it is a little repetitive and it's rare that the environment provides any interesting tactical options beyond ducking behind cover.If you can get this at a discount ($10 or so) it's entirely worth it."
76561197990183924,Recommended,261760,13772543,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Wizard_IRL,"The combat is smooth and fluid, the menus are easy to use, and the graphics are outstanding. 10/10"
76561197980944782,Recommended,261760,13764862,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Xeron,rly nice game but the story is kinda boring
76561197999899483,Not Recommended,261760,21468237,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Thor,"It's repetative as ♥♥♥♥.  All the repetativeness of an MMO grind without the other players to make it worth it.  The opening story hook is cheesy.  The game is either very slow or just very reticant about explaining crafting, leveling up, and inventory.  Combat is not fun, and most of it shares an attribute I think I've already mentioned.  For all of this game's pretty visuals, it lacks fun.  Such a shame.  Would not recommend, as I bought it because I liked the concept and thought it was cool, but I just couldn't enjoy it."
76561198052376321,Not Recommended,261760,17067899,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Bepo,"What little I've played of the game has been enjoyable, however it always seems to crash when I start going and that is a problem obviously."
,Recommended,261760,17069067,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MrCombatGiraffe,pretty ok game.
,Recommended,261760,17018658,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Motion,"Lichdom: Battlemage.It's part RPG that has a story that really starts to ramp up and get exciting towards the end. But really,this game is more about blinking around, timing blocks perfectly, and chaining powerful spell combos together than it is about story or interacting with townsfolk or anything, as there's essentially no friendly-npc interactions that you can perform. It's moreHexenorDark SoulsthanIcewind DaleorSkyrim.The visualswere good in this game. Taking the time to look around you the world looks nice, there's very little that makes you wonder 'why would they put that there' or 'that object is clipping' or 'wow, repeating textures!' Just for comparison, I think this game had fewer art assets than Wolfenstein: The New Order, but actually used them better. There were a few places (giant frozen whirlpool, for example) where I was really impressed, it was fun to traverse some of these unique areas and landscapes fighting powerful creatures. The backdrops you fought in really provided a lot to the feel and mood for the game in a positive way.The audiowas adequate. The spell sounds were fun and of a decent quality. Meanwhile certain things that you would think would have a sound, like a swarm of bats blasting thru a tunnel into your face, do not have any sound yet. And eventually you'll encounter these female cultists.. I swear they say like 3 things --constantly.The music added to the drama and tension, but didn't blow me away.The gameplaywas fluid and was pretty bug free. Overall when it comes to controlling your character, looking around and casting spells it's very intuitive and easy. There's some weird behavior with blinking on ledges or while falling, but I never got stuck on objects or anything that cause me to need to restart the game, and that's happened to me in many high budget, otherwise good quality, games recently. I consider this one of the games strongest points.The user interfaceneeds work. There's quite a bit going on when it comes to crafting and spell types and how spells act with different stats and it's not all clear how to use the UI or what everything does. The way spells interact is slightly complex, not overly so, but enough where it's not immediatly intuitive how it all works. They've improved the UI as time has gone by. While it's much better than it used to be, the current UI could still very easily be a negative experience for players who are easily frustrated with this sort of thing.If you decide to play it;The game will start easy enough, monsters go down in a hit or two, you don't take a ton of damage from anything yet, and monsters are spread out in few numbers with limited range capabilities. Then once you know the controls and start a to level a bit it starts to ramp up. Unless you're keeping a keen eye out for how to maximize your shields with the loot you're getting (I sure didn't) you'll get to a point where you must search your inventory for a way to improve your character, because the monsters have scaled while you have not. It was pretty fun to see how long I could push without doing any upgrades, and then doing massive upgrades once I could not proceed. This happens not too often where you feel you need to constantly spend time crafting stuff, but just enough to get you to try something slightly different every once in a while.This game has a fun challenge aspect to it, and I think that's where this game shines. This game does the best when it's consistently threatening to beat you if you make a mistake, so players who enjoy challenges and overcoming them I think are the people who should really be giving this one a look. Are you finding it too easy? Up the difficulty level, or experiment with one of your weaker sigils. There are resurrection points right before many of the hardest challenges. This makes facing challenges and trying new strategies easy and fun even when you lose -- most of the time. Occasionally they'll have the resurrection point a couple encounters back from the big challenge. It's sort of a kick in the teeth when that happens. It's not very exciting to have to fight mundane monsters to try and get another chance at the boss you just lost to.Took me about 10 hours to get thru the normal campaign on battlemage mode. That being said, I still don't have most of the spells, and I've only used half of the sigils really. I'm still really excited to keep going on with some of the new game plus content.One way were this game could improveis allow the player to play back thru the camplaign in new game plus with gryphon and all the little cutseen memories still in it. Currently the only way to make that happen is to start a new game, as far as I know. It was fun and I'd like to do it again with all the features of the first play thru, but I still want to continue developing the sigils and abilities on my first character. That being said, this is probably a less pressing issue than the UI.TL;DRThe story starts out okay, then gets more interesting as things get tense toward the end of the story. I would mostly recommend this game for gamers who like a challenge, and enjoy exploring the limits of what you can and can not do when you're given a challenge, and then a large set of tools to complete that challenge different ways depending on how you want to play (keep in mind all of the different ways do involve you destroying your enemies in a badass way.)I'd give it a 7/10. Fix the UI and find a way to explain the spell interactions like mastery in a more clear way and I think I could bump it to an 7.5."
,Not Recommended,261760,17255303,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,GermasianInvasion,Garbage.
76561197983605719,Recommended,261760,17278008,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Daemon Khan,I thoroughly enjoy the gameplay as well as the spell makeup. Your drops and upgrades feel like you can play through multiple times and not come up with the same spell. The combat is fun and can be extremely challenging at points.
,Not Recommended,261760,16769526,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,iamsidlawson,"I expected more than just Borderlands: Wizard edition. I thought maybe my prayers for an incredibly polished mage only combat game have been answered, but I guess it's back to the praying for me. Not terrible, but not what was promised."
,Recommended,261760,16770931,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jakebrake_12,"this game is outstanding.  if you make it far enough to read the comments then you must be blind and cant see the action in the video.  if it looks too good to be true, it isnt.  the video is real and accurately portrays the gameplay.  buy the damn thing already"
76561198052373347,Recommended,261760,17353443,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Monkeyofthefamily,"8.5/10I like the game, it's pretty, it has a well thought out lore and the voice actors of the main characters fit really well into the story.My problem with it then comes from the fact that you're running in a straight line shooting magic rays and fireballs at the same 3 enemys over and over and over. Honestly, I think I may have died maybe a total of 20 times and most of that was because I was looking at how detailed the backgrounds were and not watching where I was stepping. There are also some long periods of time where the FPS action fades out (and the music with it) so you're just following a straight trail until you hit the next fight, and if you do manage to find a side trail and explore it, most of the time it just throws more enemies at you."
76561198019903369,Recommended,261760,17371931,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Xelanthol,"Not sure all the hate about this game. It looks good and plays good, and offers a ton of fun spell combat. Sure their are a few bumps and the like, but once you sink your teeth in it's really rewarding.They have a few tutorials, but some of the more advanced combos should be covered as well.Overall I'd recommend it for sure on sale."
76561197980910801,Not Recommended,261760,14940583,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Haute DIO,"The crafting is amazingly customizable and the graphics are great, but what's the point? In about an hour and a half I've seen only two different enemies, who all are massive damage sponges, in the same linear corridors. Each combat encounter is a chore. The UI is a mess - it took me two boss fights to realize the first bar was shield and the other two were health. If you really want to learn the ins and outs of the crafting system, prepare to watch 40 minute YouTube tutorials because the game explains nothing. The music and story are both passable, but they're also forgettable. I'd solely recommend this game to the most voracious loot fanatics, and even then only at a steep discount.UPDATE: Tried reinstalling again. Stopped at the exact same spot as my first playthrough and I don't think I'll be returning again. I enjoyed myself more than I did the first time, but there are just too many glaring issues to suffer through the game. It still feels like someone stole all of your items in Skyrim and you're forced to only use magic. Because you'll be assaulted up close, the lack of a melee or push button is a glaring omission that makes stuns or freezes instantly lethal to you. The UI is still one of the worst I've ever seen in a game, and the game refuses to tell you what the hell is going on. I had to look on the forums to know that the green bar underneath during boss fights is an enrage timer. Really?! You didn't think that information was USEFUL ENOUGH?!"
76561197991756982,Recommended,261760,18962572,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,CerealKiller,"Lichdom Battlemage is a game I was really looking forward to for a while there. I love games that let you play around with magic and generally allow you to customize your approach in playing the game. The key to having a customizable game like that is to present various equally effective ways to reach the same goal, and allowing the player to decide what they like best.Let's start with the good: Lichdom presents a multitude of ways for the player to play the game. Through its intricate spell crafting system you could do anything from having skeletons rise of the bodies of your enemies whose attacks cause your eneies to warp out of existence to a simple 'I'M FIRIN MAH LAHZUR' playstyle. Through various comparable stats like charge up time, casting speed, projectile speed, homing, lobs, lasers, traps, pools and much much more, the game allows you to really choose any way you want to slay your enemies. It is a unique battle system which is truly deserving of respect.The bad part is that despite all of the customizability, I found that there was really only one viable playstyle. All the really difficult enemies are the types that like to get in your face and one-shot you. If you let them. The only way to actually beat the tougher enemies later on is to hide, shield, and fire from cover. Otherwise they will literally murder you. And before any of you other folk think I'm saying that is the only way, I'm not. I'm saying that as an average player looking to run through a game at a reasonable quick speed (not searching every nook and cranny and without total mastery of the upgrading system) that it was difficult to play the game any other way.Overall however the game does a good job of helping you over that hurdle. It auto-upgrades your inventory to help you get the best items. It also allows you to deconstruct spells and re-use components, or simply reforge them into new options.My general assessment is that I like it. It's a good, solid game. It's about what I expected and nothing more, but I have high standards. So, should you play this game? It's fun and it's worth a play-through or two."
76561198041920721,Not Recommended,261760,18754441,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BananaGator,Got really repetitive and boring half-way through the game.
76561197965485566,Not Recommended,261760,18374231,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,UltimaWeapon,"good game with no cd and mana thats nice :) we need more game like this :).... but not many spell at all, and  cant have all spells on at the same time.... its only 8 difrent spells can only have 3 on....... and i have bug most of the time enemy become invisipole cant see them and floor get bugged you see noting on the grond you are walking blind and if thers a hole i cant see it becors of the bug fall down die cant see it. only way to fix the bug is restart the game and then it get buged agen and agen over some time using to meny nekro spell....the spell creating vell... its good that its a smart crafting there or i have big problem the crafting manualy was just a big big mess just not good doing it manualy so very very smart that the game have this smart crafting system also :)i give this  Game    6/10"
76561198147965380,Recommended,261760,18449376,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mataqi93,Worth playing
76561197992907731,Not Recommended,261760,18672432,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gravel,"The game is very fun at first. If the developers had decided to continue working with the game and not drop it as soon as it came out, then I could see a lot more fun in it. There are tons of different ways you can make your spells, true, but they don't explain what each thing does. For someone to put a lot of time testing and experimenting with everything, this is probably a fantastic game to them, but most people do not have that patience.Go ahead and get this game when it is on sale, I implore you not to pay full price for the game, because it is simply not worth it."
,Recommended,261760,18798992,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"It's not a bad game, but it isn't what I expected. I'm giving this a thumbs up anyways.Some things that could have been done differently:- Starting to get a bit reptitive after 1.5 hours.- Needs more stuff to interact with in the environments. The environments, although very pretty, are more or less static.- Controls could have been tweaked a bit more.- Banter between characters wasn't very well written. You can't really identify with who you're playing as.Didn't get deep enough in to the game to really figure out the spell system."
,Not Recommended,261760,18566566,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Tek,"Althought I barely played it, I didn't like what I got from the first hour of gameplay, and I'm assured that it stays this way for the rest of the game. The combat is boring. Whatever variety the Magic theme of the game adds is lost, because of how simplistic it is. There is even auto aim and health regen for some stupid reason.It's just a game that is dead in the water. They didn't put half as much effort into the gameplay as they did with the visuals."
76561198121850402,Recommended,261760,17848792,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Betawing,It is a unique game where you play as costumizable mage with goldlike powers. It is a great game to pass time and has intresting progression.
76561198093145458,Not Recommended,261760,17856031,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"Slow maneuvering, stupid auto-targeting (yes, that's right, you can't aim for yourself on your primary offensive spell!) and unsatisfying impacts make this game feel... flacid.  It also suffers from huge difficulty spikes where it goes from way too easy to way too hard.  The tutorials are a joke, also. There's also a fair amount of glitches.  It basically feels like a worse version of Bioshock where you can only use plasmids, no guns, but everything is slow and wonky."
,Recommended,261760,16545239,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,:),"Only played 2 hours, already addicted, great game lots of fun and action, hard to master fun to play, there are some ups and downs but the graphics are really great aswell."
,Not Recommended,261760,13623023,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,OatHead (10r0),"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DO NOT HAVE AN AMD PROCESSORI have an Intel processor that is rated higher for performance than the AMD requirement, and yet this game lags so hard that it is unplayable after a time. It reeks of favoritism, but I could be wrong. I just know that I have played other CryEngine games with no problems, but suddenly this one is (no shock that AMD gets a big shoutout in the opening sequence).When first starting the game, i can play for about 30 minutes before the lag is unbearable, and that is being generous. I can bear with the lag for normal mobs, which is easy, but boss fights are impossible. Motion blur is ridiculous EVEN WHEN I HAVE IT TURNED OFF."
,Not Recommended,261760,13607226,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Shadow ((NinjaBoom!)),"Can't say it's impressive.The idea is really cool, and the spells are great!But, sadly, it just feels really clunky and the voice acting is so bad!"
76561198005535366,Recommended,261760,13650838,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kardal,More fun than I expected.
,Recommended,261760,13666378,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,theBRICKMASTR,"i haven't played much of this game yet, but i like the story so far.  the spells are pretty cool, though some i have yet to figure out what the do.  the game seems pretty easy, but then you get a boss which is very challenging. i have fought 2 that both have been very challenging.  some aspects of the game are a bit frustrating, but overall the game is pretty fun.  there is a lot of strategics in comboing up spells to get very high damage.  as you level up you can add more augments to your spells, which i imagine makes can make the spells do pretty crazy things.  the game is overall about a 7/10, but could maybe get better.  the more i play the more stuff i will be able to try out, so hopefully after a while the game will really make me feel like a badass."
,Recommended,261760,13825136,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,khiol,Lichdom: Battlemage is well done. Great utilization of Cryengine. Gameplay is engaging and dialog is well played out. Story is there enough to keep you interested but lax enough to make the focal point of this game your truely powerful protagonist.
76561198008977261,Not Recommended,261760,13888909,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lumeiwan,I thought the trend of walkthrough breaks are for people who pirated the game?Gameplay is pretty linear and magic crafting was not as diverse as depicted.
76561197964182076,Recommended,261760,13894961,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[KG]OldFart,What a mother♥♥♥♥ing badass game... gotta love :D
,Recommended,261760,13466256,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Windzer,"Pros- Spell crafting, Upgrade and reforge. Customize your own spell.- Synergy spell combat system. Design your own way to murdering enemies. Shattering into pieces, Burning'em to ashes, etc.- Good controller support.Cons- Repetitive gameplay."
,Recommended,261760,13926639,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Darkanus,"The graphics quality is superb! Love game where the graphics are well made. But I have a silly problem and would love if anyone could help me about the resolution in Graphics settings. Any of them stack! I select default resolution and no go plus the screen doesn't go to fullscreen! Is somebody facing this issue too?! It seems only the 1280-720 stacks no matter what I do. Please help me anyone if possible because I didn't found any guide or useful info in the web about this :/ Thanks in advance.P.S: I cannot review so much atm. Btw, for the feeling atmosphere and the graphics quality I give a rate of 9/10."
,Recommended,261760,13928052,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,awesome game the only thing it's missing is a jump if they would add jumping then it would make the game like alot better 8/10
,Recommended,261760,13953419,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Phoenics The Phoenix,"Incredible depth and easy to use mechanics, it could benefit from more content in general. Say, for example, if there were about 2-3 times more sigils with more intricate and noticable differences. As I said, the depth really shows with the customization, but also could benefit from more content like changing certain aspects of the spells~Overall, definitely worth buying when on sale, but for $40 US it's a bit of a daunting investment."
76561197970517107,Not Recommended,261760,13941250,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Reo,"Right I`m going to keep this simple and straight to the point..THIS IS NOT A FINISHED GAME!!!!!!!!!!! ITS SO OBVIOUS it has not got the content that a game of this type shoud have.Its still early access unofficially, you can tell a mile off.I like the potential of the game up to now as it stands[it reminds me of Skyrim`s spell casting,dark messiah of might and magic mixed up with Hexen, but I wish they had included a: Puzzles b: interactive items c: magic weapons [none up to now] d: JUMPING!!! yes you cannot jump [oh my ******** ***.No crouching, no rolling,no turning,no tilting etc.The magic spell system is lets not say complicated but its a real mess at the same time.The only saving grace I have is that I only paid 7 pound odd for it in the sale."
,Not Recommended,261760,13942627,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sexy_Widdle_Baby,"I have over 200 hours of being a mage on skyrim...And this game does not even come close to being a baddass mage, I'ts repetitive and so boring."
,Recommended,261760,13943455,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TheGoodReverend,"Bout to give it abouther run, haven't played the last few updates consistently, but atleast I don't have to put it on the list of all the other early access games that just stop updating.The Idea of the game and the first few iterations were fun, so heres hoping i like where its at now."
76561198040638662,Recommended,261760,13732981,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rekka1212,ITS REALLY REALLY GOOD BUT BE READY TO BE CONFUSED AS ♥♥♥♥.This game is really fun.  I have only put in about a hour or two and already am at a ♥♥♥♥ing standstill on where to start with crafting and using spells and all of what makes the game the game.  You are going to need to go to youtube and watch and learn.  Unless you are some supergeek who is just str8 up smart off the rip.  I am no rocketscientist but this is rather confusing.  Graphic's and gameplay are solid and fun tho I would recommend this especially for the 9.99 i got it on steam sale for.  Just be ready to learn some♥♥♥♥♥♥  Like alot more than any other game.
,Not Recommended,261760,13767434,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Eternull,"No freeroam. Very linear, has a story. Which is written in a poor manor for giving feel to the game. Feels like a B rate movie with you as a C rate character. Monsters are simular and easily herass you. The magic system does not let you choose how to upgrade your spells until maybe late late game if then even. Take quite a lot of gameplay to understand crafting system that seemingly randomizes the stats you get on them. There is no way of choosing what you spell will be other than I want this to be projectile, Lob, aoe, missle, or other...To add there is no farm. Getting peices that you ""actually"" want is random. Choice in this game is very little other than choosing to click a save point or go past stuff. Did I mention the AI are very herassing. Good luck out running the enemy non stop 1v5+ while arrows home into you with 75% accruacy. Unlimited dashing is almost a need, but what if you wanted to be necro only etc. Nope you will get the sigils in order they are given to you or wait you can chose between the first one Fire or Fire! that right can't even decline it. You get to choose one and are stuck with it and the rest in order game gives them. No shop. Just half aced story. Pick up a scroll woohoo it says I've been searching for BS forever and will do **** on my own now...not literally but this is detail that makes the scrolls you try and find almost not worth picking up. This game you might as well run through and beat everything on easy and enjoy whatever random kablam you can get because there is no system that lets you craft truely how you want. Welp I'm ranting now after playing it for some good 15+ hours about 3 days gotten decently far for starter area and game seems to drag you on fighting checkpoint after another with no real reward other than a howdy 2 npcs that continue throughout the entire games first every chapter now? I was hoping to run around and kill stuff whereever I wanted. Unfortunalty this game has one path and it is very straight forward. Kill stuff, maybe get an item homing into you, continue forward, story/boss/monologue, hey a script or/and bottle/treasure chest thingys did you get a rare from that chest! :D NO!!! >:< It's random in fact you got teir 1 crap from a chest when your at least chapter 3 in game as well as the past 3 chest you opened. The scrolls with ""npc written textual flavor"" might as well be chinese as well the npc monologues. They have no proknown flavor to any wording or anything that sounds remotely exciting. Welp GL! I hope you don't waste your time with this game as much as I have felt like I wasted writing this. Not even worth more than $5 on a sale and I got it for $10 during X-mas. What was I thinking...that this might be fun, different, and unique? Ha. X-ME"
,Recommended,261760,13725671,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,WizardJeremy,"SHORT REVIEW:Play as the Dragon, a magnificently powerful Wizard who has unlimited magic power although only knows magics to attack and defend and not the type of wizard who conjures objects and bends time and space, fight through the insanely dramatic storyline which you will most likely forget about 1 hour in as you are taken away by the sheer amazingness of the spells and severeely under informative crafting menu.LONG REVIEW:Magic is seperated in these sub catergories is Sigils containing so far of Fire, Ice, Lightning, Corruption, Necromancy, Phase, Delirium and Kinesis. All come with their own way of attack, defence and support.The magic is spectacular and every hit has a amazing satisfaction along with it, although the game starts off rather limited on spells and the tuturial is rather long but as you play you grow to become more powerful as you upgrade and add effects and a new status to every spell.There are three ways of casting Basic hand shoot, Nova and AOE. the basic one is shooting spells from the casters hand and that can cause magic to be casted as a direct missile, homing missile and or lobbing. Nova is the spell in which is activated via Shield burst or Aimed Blinking. AOE is area of effect and pretty self explanatory as its a spell you shoot from the sky and does a either a burst of magic, lingering effect or trap.Blinking is a basic power in which you teleport a short distance and is very useful when dodging, Another thing is that your character doesn't really die as there are checkpoints in the game rather than saving as when the character runs out of their shield they will be teleported to the checkpoint in which they can retry to the battle.Thats the basic of the game but i really recommend to who evers reading this to play if they like action adventures with a hint of some open world as well as magic games like skyrim or magicka. This game is amazing."
,Recommended,261760,13782699,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"Do you remember these old titles: ""Heretic"" and ""Hexen""?Well, this game is actually less of rpg and more of magic FPS, but it's a nice game, guys. Ambient is good, there is an interesting story (Not the ""Holy mother of god"" kind of story, but it's good), rather unique fantasy world and a lot of bad guys to kill.Let me explain a bit how it works... You got 8 elements of magic, you can use only 1 of them at same time and have other 2 as a backup for making combos or trying different attacks. Each element can be used only to block, attack and area-attack. 3 different kinds of behaviours for your spells, combined with 3 different effects (Offensive, passive and debuff), if you want to go full offensive, forget the other 2. Once you get the hang on this spellcrafting sistem, you are all set to defeat the evil cult and kills all the bad guys.As far the only real problems I see in this game is... The fact that the story is lineal, but that's not that much of a problem, maybe I just got too used to open-world games and a real serious problem is terrible FPS. My PC isn't exactly a gem from the world of all the modern machines, but specs are above the minimal requirement and still, FPS drops can be really brutal sometimes and I hope the devs will fix that in the future. Otherwise than that, this is a good game and I do reccommend it."
,Recommended,261760,13834340,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,baal1337,"I really like this Game. Its nice to play and has an interesting idea to it. Sadly it gets a little repetive if you don't rush the levels to much. Also there is almost no ingame information to the very important crafting system and you have to read guides an other stuff to understand the Game system and how to effectivly make spells and combine the given items yourself. If you understood that the game is a lot more fun and not as confusing anymore. Learn while play, read up, play more.They should have made the ""read up"" part obsolete, but still a great Game."
,Recommended,261760,13867451,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Murdock le fou,"Very good graphics, awesome level design, original gameplay but very repetitive and an awful story. Seriously, at least try to write a story, you go through the whole game not knowing what's happening then BOOM final boss. A game like that with a good story would be just awesome."
76561198052678321,Recommended,261760,15873200,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,feima_17,The game system is interesting! And long game play time. Nowaday most game story is too short. I do think this is good game. Although some people complain about the complexity of the crafting system (So do I) and the enemies are boring after you played for sometime. But I hope it will be improved in the next game (or the other game with similar system)
76561198044298623,Not Recommended,261760,15218795,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ysen,"I like the concept but I can't really recommend this game - or at least not at full price. It's not a bad game but I didn't find it particularly good either.The story is pretty basic, as least as far as I got. You, Generic Townsperson, were hanging out doing one day doing townsfolky things when your relative was tragically killled by Lord Evilguy and his evil followers, the Cult of Evil. You then gain magic powers and set out to kill Lord Evilguy and avenge your beloved <InsertRelativeNameHere>. There are a few other cutscenes along the way but they don't seem to tell us much we don't already know.Level design is also fairly straightforward - the entire game seems to be one long corridor with the occasional short sidepath, although it looks decent enough.The combat is clearly the meat of the game, but for me it just wasn't that interesting. A lot of people who like the game will claim that if someone doesn't like the combat, it's because they're ""doing it wrong"" - they don't know how to combine spells properly and just throw the one fireball spell over and over. In my case I don't think that's true. I've seen the videos, I've read a couple of guides, I'm using the mastery and control spells, I'm using my blink and block, and I still dodn't find it terribly exciting.Generally, spells work best if you charge them up a bit, and it usually takes several spells to kill an enemy - at the very least, applying ""mastery"" (which increases the power of subsequent hits) and/or a control spell before going for damage is normal. Combine with the fact that the game doesn't really require precision aim - the standard bolt spell actually homes in on enemies! - and combat felt a little sluggish to me.Compounding this is that there is alotof combat, but all the enemies and environments seem to be basically the same. Once you've got your combos down, the only thing that brings any variety to combat is that enemies spawn with random ""affixes"", similar to the unique monsters in games like Diablo or Path of Exile. This make choosing which enemies to prioritise important - which I assume is what they were aiming for, since there's not a huge emphasis on manual dexterity - but I didn't find it enough to prevent combat become repetitive fairly quickly. Some of the spell effects are pretty flashy if you like that sort thing, however.The other major part of the game is the crafting system, which is potentially interesting but more of a chore than it needs to be. Prepare to spend a lot of time on inventory management, because you're going to amass large piles of junk which you'll need to sort though using an interface which could be better. Again, it's not the worst but it could have been better. If you're really into min-maxing and comparing stats you'll probably love it, though.Overall I think this game is competent but underwhelming. It doesn't really have glaring faults, but I just couldn't get into it. If you love flashy special effects or complicated crafting systems and don't mind a bit of repetition you might get more out of it than I did."
76561198158405848,Recommended,261760,14390873,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,GARO WARRA BB,"I only played this game for a little bit, but I really like it :D"
76561198064143448,Recommended,261760,14455895,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,brownzie2nd,"I didn't hear anything about this game before I saw it on steam one day. I decieded to take a risk on it and, man, what a game! It has inspiried me to continue my own game dev journey. Very fresh!"
76561198046775556,Not Recommended,261760,14462144,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,saber138,Game Hard Crashes Nvidia graphics driver on gtx 680 and gtx 970. Don't Buy!
,Not Recommended,261760,13801066,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mister Awesomesauce,Game continuously crashes after about 20 minutes of gameplay.
76561198018227990,Recommended,261760,14470137,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Storm7,"I recently bought the game when it was on sale.Below, I'll just shortly sum up what I think about the game:Pro:+ casting spells is fun(feels like a mixture of Bioshock plasmids and Dark Messiah of Might and Magic)+ the game is challenging at times, but never unfair+ spell crafting has the addictive rpg aspect(you always look for a better combination of spells)+ really nice graphics, atmospheric environments and spell effectsContra- the story and gameplay are very linear(essentially you run from one enemy horde to the next and that's it)- well, 1000 spells certainly is a lie!You always carry a max number of 9 spells with you. That is, 3 sigils (e.g. fire, frost, lightning) with 3 spells eachincluding 1 AoE, 1 Projectile and 1 Nova. There are maybe a dozen different spell types, such as missile, ray, trap etc. and by crafting you can add attributes such as reduced cast time, enhanced effect duration etc. - however, there are not1000 different spells in that sense - you could craft 20 different types of rays for instance.So, overall, it's still not a bad game! Combat is fun, although I found that I settled for a specific sigil combination relatively early (fire - deal dmg, ice - freeze enemies, and kinesis - anchor and debuff). Experimenting with different sigils and spells may be interesting, but why change a winning team, right?I'd recommend the game to anyone who is looking for a sort of RPG, battlemage-like FPS and no desire for open-worldand deep-story gameplay!Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,261760,14474194,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rhalar,"I'm glad I only paid 13 dollars for this, and at that it was more expensive than a movie and less entertaining. The developer basically said ""we'll take all the advancements in  modern gaming, like Expansive levels to explore, interactivity with NPCs, complex combat mechanics, a good story, interesting and varied enemies, and we'll be forgiven by our patrons because we used the new Cryengine and the main character is a mage. The game is extermely linear, you walk a bit and enemies pop out and then it happens again, and again, and again. The grapics aren't even up to par for Cryengine 3.  If you have played Doom you have played this game. More advanced engine and guns replaced with spells, but that is essentially all they changed."
76561197992725777,Recommended,261760,14474965,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,KungFuBrad,"I cannot say enough good things about Lichdom. At first it's immensly overwhelming but you figure it out with time.There is some overlap in Sigils initially but you can totally craft away from that.If demolishing baddies with huge crits while blinking across the battlefield with flourish sounds like a good time, all with georgous graphics and fantastic spell effects (that differ between each of the 12 Sigils), then this game should be in your library."
76561198069133186,Recommended,261760,14570628,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Meh,"If you want to play this game, play for the magic mechanics. The different spells and crafting of spells is remarkable, but don't go into this game expecting any type of human connection to the characters. I genuinely laughed out loud to some of the dialouge in this game. But, as I said before, the combat and spellcrafting are quite good."
,Recommended,261760,21088153,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ann Jane Shepard,I adore the game pretty much and its grafic although I don´t really care about good looking grafic.I do like the story and it'´s personal charme.it's a pretty unique game and the voice actors are well choosedSadly you cannot save on your own but hell yeah that´s too much complaining going on here - so yeah I recommend this game :)
76561198006804970,Not Recommended,261760,23966389,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SBrind,"I don't know which game Paste Magazine found to be ""New Gold Standard"" for combat, but it wasn't this one.Its an interesting change that i've not seen done before, but on the whole I felt that it just didn't work, and the most efficient way to dispatch the (ludicrously tanky) enemies was to spam the basic boring attack - that is unless I missed some dramatic meta combo that would have made the game a breeze, but that seems unlikely.The game does look fairly nice, but that can be a two-edged sword at times as the pretty effects clutter up the screen and make it hard to see exactly what is going on.Overall though the biggest crime was thatthe game was such a chore to play. Grinding out random loot (that scales worse than the opponents hp) from the enemies significant health pools was pretty much a necesity to get half-decent spells. And takes forever."
,Recommended,261760,13838131,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MoriNoHogosha,"7.5/10 Because...Phase Rift + Ice Pools + Corruption Hive = HMOG!  O_O'The short of it:This game is well worth the purchase when it's on sale for 50-75% off (or better). The spell combinations (and their resulting effects) and crafting system are great once you get the hang of it. The FPS-esque style a lot of fun for a while despite some quirks and annoying features.!!! Highly recommended before or after purchase:Watch a few gameplay videos. Read up on spell mechanics, what each attunement does, combined effects, and how to optimize your build for control, defense, and damage.PROS+ nice variety of spell patterns and combinations+ unique spell 'crafting' system (once you get the hang of what each component does)+ satisfying when in the mood for destruction (pun coincidental)+ great visual effects in combat with certain spell combinations+ nice graphics in general and some fascinating environmentsCONS- sorely inadequate intro to spells and crafting- very repetitive enemies and same style of combat throughout- linear gameplay, story, and level design- lots of farming required to get decent spell patterns- irritating save points and stage restart-on-death- ""Smart"" inventory system is anything but- terrible voice acting"
76561198061590962,Recommended,261760,21033096,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,alkapi,"The first time i played this game, i was unable to appreciate it. I was looking for an elder scrolls type of gameplay. With this in mind i played around 2 hours and uninstall it.But few days ago, one year after i buy it, i decided to reinstall it cause i wanted to play a good and hard mage game. So i tested it again and.. the things i didn't like the first time maked me like it this time.There are ""only"" two type of objects : shapes and augments. They can be improved and allow you t o craft spells. You don't need to search in dead body, they come on you.The crafting system is complete and you can make your own spells for what you want to do.The sigil system allow you to have 9 spells and easily switch them. Indeed, you can have 1 spell of each type (tageted, AOL, nova) of 3 differents elements (sigils). There are eight different sigils, each one with his own capacity and gameplay.This game is for you if you want hard boss fight like in dark souls. if you want it, wait a little, it is often on sales under 3 €.If you choose to try it two tips : keep moving and always have a good shield"
,Not Recommended,261760,33230125,Posted: 4 July,all,CuAnnan,"Repetitive combat mechanics putting you in enclosed environments with increasing numbers of bad guys and literally no impactful choices beyond ""what kind of blasting do I want to use"".Bad game. Would not buy again."
76561198070739329,Not Recommended,261760,17771325,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,An amazing idea. But instead of the thousands of spells the game describes you only really have like 15 and most of those are just different coloured versions of the same 3-4 ablities.
76561198032528294,Not Recommended,261760,17843630,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"I tried so hard to like this game.  I always gravitate towards mages whenever a game allows, but there are just so many flaws that love of  magic isn't enough.  If you love hard games, magic, boring stories, AND grinding, pick the game up when it's on sale for no more than 20 dollars.  Now that that's out of the way, let's begin.The voice acting is good, but they didn't really try with the story, or the ending.The graphics are pretty, depending on how you feel about rather obnoxious film grain.  Spells look pretty spectacular, they got this part right.There are 8 Sigils in the game (think magic schools), 3 of which can be equipped at one time.  Killing enemies is how you'll get most of your spell components.  The crafting system is undeservedly complex.  The game claims to have thousands of spells, which is nonsense.  Nova spells comprise your shield effects, and have no variation.  Shields themselves come in three varieties.  AOE spells come in two varieties.  The third slot can be a missile (like a fireball), a lob (like a grenade), or a ray-type spell.And that's it.  Components are found, combined, upgraded, reforged, broken down, and possess a wide array of randomized stats, but there is no ignoring how basic the magic system is in the game, which is shrouded in poor explanations (if any).  The inventory system is terrible, designed to artifically inflate the amount of time spent sifting through your components through horrible organization.  Farming exists through fast-travel to previous areas, but voice-overs will play again and again as though you had never been there before.Synergy spells are special spells you can create for when you have two specific sigils equipped.  As you kill either of the enemies with either sigil you a bar fills and you can cast a special spell.  The most synergies you can have equipped at one time is 3.  Some of these are pretty cool, but the learning curve of figuring out exactly how to make the spell in the first place was unnecessarily obtuse.The entire game is a monster-corridor.  Environments are just as beautiful as the magic, but the game is almost on rails.  In a game where there are powerful spells but no such thing as a mana bar, they had to compensate by throwing in ever-increasing numbers of cheap enemies.  It's gripping, and fast-paced, but the entire game feels exactly the same.It's not quite as hard as Dark Souls, but the game lets you know when you need to upgrade your spells or try a new combination of sigils by using your eye-sockets for pleasure.  The problem is it will do so completely without warning through sudden random spikes of difficulty, which will probably break the pacing of an already mundane story by making you go farm.  The only incantations the game makes you utter are long streams of cursing and the mumblings of boredom."
76561198118892002,Not Recommended,261760,17876519,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Our lord and savior Cthulhu,this game is mostly combat oriented with little storry all their really is to do is kill things make stuff to kill thing. wouldn't be a problem if the storry was decent or the enemies werent repetative or the spell crafting system was better. that being said i had a lot of fun early on. the only problem being it got repetative doing the same tasks over and over again. this is still a minorly fun game but not a very good. it has a lot of potential with future updates but until then i would wait till a sail to buy this if you still want as it is an entertaining game it's just not worth $39.99 for a game that is this repetative and has no storry
76561198141181444,Not Recommended,261760,16568145,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nope,"I love playing as a mage in every game that i can. When i saw this game i tought ""Hey this is a game for mage fans. It can't be bad"". But believe me: This game is boring as ♥♥♥♥. All you do is click the left mouse buttom until you brake it killing whatever that appears in the screen. The story is superficial and lame. IT'S A SHOOTER, but instead of bullets, you shoot fire balls.Don't take me wrong, i like shooters too. But there's no story and it's not fun to play..."
,Recommended,261760,16570814,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,OttersGonnaOtt,"I usually have no hope for games where magic or fantasy elements are molded into a first-person shooter.  This game however manages to pull it off, and it a very satisfying and natural way.  Add to this the amazing production value and the fact that they didn't use CryEngine cookie-cutter assets (everything's very well crafted, AAA level) and you have yourself a solid gaming experience.My only negative is that the voice talent is very good, but the dialog could use some improvement."
,Not Recommended,261760,13971966,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,TheLittleScrubThatCould,"5 minutes in, massive fps problems, try to downgrade the graphics, game crash.haven't touched it since. 10/10"
,Recommended,261760,16609541,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,vanisher,Surprise hidden gem.  Reminds me of skyrim with a linear plotline with a focus on magery and blowing things up.
76561198094082026,Recommended,261760,16609814,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Handsoflight,This game is so much fun .
,Not Recommended,261760,16481605,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bearo,"It looks cool and has unique crafting mechanics, but heres its biggest issue...So the devloper said the idea behind the game was that mages in other games were underpowered to balance things out and he wanted to make a game where you are a mage who wields great power to destroy his foes.But the game is not like that at all.Its pretty much a bullet hell game where you dodge every ones physical and ranged attacks while you shoot back spells.The bosses are boring walk away, cast, walk away, cast fests that are more difficult than they are even fun.The effects look nice and spells feel solid but the combat is not just reppettive but completely underwelming.I dont even reccomending getting it on sale, for you wont play it long anyways."
76561198012610173,Recommended,261760,16634185,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Genoscythe,"After having played through Lichdom once and having done some stuff in the new game + mode I can say that this game is one the one side really awesome, on the other side however the devs ruined it with bad design decisions and elements that  easily make you hate a game.First off, the graphics are quite good. Strong explosions, epic vistas, lighting effects, cry engine 3 has been used well and the game is one of the best looking out there at the moment, probably te best looking mage-game that exists.Now, the magic. In the game you can use 3 magic types at the same time switching between them by mouse wheel, there are eight magic types overall reaching from mind control to necromancy to fire and ice. All of them feel quite well implemented and they all bring their purpose, however the ""spellcrafting"" sounds cooler than it is. If you think you can mix elements or do your completely own spells youre wrong. You have control spells, mastery spells that increase critical damage you deal and normal damage spells. Those types can be delivered in special shapes: rays, missiles, lobbed projectiles, AoEs, AoE pools. Thats it.There are special spells called synergies that can be used when crafting spells with legendary items, however those require two spell sigils to be equipped (e.g. kinetic and fire calls a meteor). What I missed were some more inspired ways to deliver damage like throwing frost shards, a flamethrower or life-leeching spells. Especially the necromancy sigil is very one-sided as all ways of augments have the same effects.Spells are crafted from items that frop from enemies, making the spellcrafting lichdoms biggest strength and weakness at the same time. Loot is random and you will find tons of junk, this feels cheap and does not motivate.The combat in the game is skill-based(casuals might die once or twice, I for myself did not find it that hard, only died 4 times at the second boss and then never died on a boss again, battlemage difficulty) and feels actually very good, however there are not many types of enemies and you will get bored really fast. There are some ""elite"" mobs with special prefixes, loot rarity increases with every checkpoint you pass without dying but that's it already. 99% of the game you are throwing fireballs on enemies or melt faces.That's where we come to on of the bigger negative points of lichdom: repetitiveness. Some levels fell so large that they never end or you just think ""gosh, I know that this swamp is beautiful and all but I want to keep going"".The story is classic fantasy blabla: bad man kills wife (male player character way), mage gives you cool braces that can do magix, you kill everything that moves -> boss etc.So, can recommned this game? Yes and no. Yes for the time I spent experimenting with all the spells and combos exploding enemies in gory clouds of blood and sucking them into black holes. No for the really repetitive gameplay and the wasted potential because of the linear level design. Overall I had fun even though, it got a bit worse to the end.I'd say it deserves a 7/10 with my emotions reaching from ""what a bad game"" to ""OH MY GOD IS THIS AWESOME""Give these people your money, hope they will learn from their mistakes and if lichdom 2 is a thing I know it's going to be awesome."
76561198084935818,Recommended,261760,16634975,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Edman,"Very cool game, skyrim style casting so easy to undertand, the crafting of spells is cool, the boss battles are legit and the moon...oh the moon...and terrain look very nice.few downsides to the game that really only disrupt the ease of use nothing huge. Mainly that it doesn't explain in detail what many of the complex mechanics do."
,Recommended,261760,11443560,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Space_wizad,"I have played about 2 hours worth of this game so far. There are a few things that i must bring up considering its still in beta. During the ""Echoes"" there is a small glitch in the graphics were a huge tranparent blue beam erupts and consumes the man in the robe and cowl. Small, but fixable. The MAJOR glitch I found was when i was in the catacombs, I was battling on the third undead Obilisk when I backed up and fell. It seemed that it was not mormal for i did not die and respawn but simply sat there dwiddling my thumbs. This could pose a great threat to the player later on in the game. Other than that so far its all I could possibly ask for in an RPG."
,Recommended,261760,11458887,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Gaviel,Very fun and beautiful game.  I've always enjoyed playing mages in RPGs this game takes it to another level.  Think of it a little like Dark Messiah meets Doom.  Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,261760,12083308,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,poopinagroup,Overall I recommend it.  but like 3.5 out of 5 type thing.  A little too repetitive and not quite rpg-ish enough.  That said there's a lot of awesomesauce going on here too.
76561198153731264,Recommended,261760,12093525,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,boyanlow,definitely not to mac users.
76561198024362859,Recommended,261760,12179586,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mr.Frederick,"16 hours in the game just before second boss that is tough like macadamian nutt and as much as i hate difficult videogames (will never play dark souls, final word on it) I am complettely endorsed and involved with this game. I have always like the magic(ians) part in the whole fairy taily stuff. It is probably what draw me and my imagination towards this and those of you who are like minded or power junkies will find falling in love with this game experience waaay easier.In general the spell crafting is the core joy. There is a learning curve that took me some research onine on forums but once I stumbled up on a straigh forward guide i realise how simple and yet complex and wide ad the same time the spell system is.I can put your fears in rest if you are worried that those folks complaining about lack of spells and choices are strumming that as the game progresses you will gain interesting spells from the clasical fire or ice, to phasing or necromancy etc.What youy make of them is up to. But rest assured that you will feel like someone who has discovered how the magic works and you will sudennly turn into spell afixes and prefixes seeking geek who just wants more of the mastery augments to get that effect right.So have fun. And ignore my typos. Im half blind."
76561198001530739,Recommended,261760,12238898,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,brandon.ison,takes a minute to get the idea behind the game and the story isnt that great but gameplay is amazing and the variety of spells.
76561197982789748,Recommended,261760,12214546,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Teh_Beavs,"After the initial OMG SO MANY SPELL PARTS!!!! in Battlemage Lichdom, I am starting to feel like quite the badass. If you liked Dark Messiah of Might and Magic you may want to check this out. BAMF Mage with no mana costs = the only weapon you wield is spell casting FPS. First Person Spells. I had also been craving a game with some crafting there can be alot in this game each spell is crafted by 3 different parts... but those parts can be crafted and upgraded, and torn apart... There is tons to do with your spells which is great because is the only gear in the game. You have 3 spells and 3 different element types of magic at a time. so  you are rotating between 9 spells, and you blink and have a charged blink depending on your shield type. There are definitely alot of spell posibilites/combos. Right now I am enjoying infesting mobs with spores and then keeping them frozen until the spores reach maturity then kiling the mob releasing the spores into the air muahahahaha."
76561198035716516,Recommended,261760,12264906,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Patchy the Pirate,Picture this if you will; Dark Souls meets Borderlands in this glorious game.
,Not Recommended,261760,12059832,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,gamerstu,Gorgeous but demanding graphics. Fun for a while but gets very repetitive quickly. Repeat crafting spells and firing lobs of fire/ice/lighting at enemies while walking through linear levels. Spell crafting system is difficult to get early on because the lack of detailed tutorials/help. I also found the crafting UI a bit misleading.
76561197993904635,Recommended,261760,11706714,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Slay like a sir,"A great game in concept and has the potential to be mindblowing with the level of customisation on the spells. However, I will say that there is no tutorial for the spell crafting side, other than longwinded descriptions in the journal that really arn't that informative or helpful (or exciting for that matter).With a few video guides (not a lot out there at the moment (look for a guy called F3TTST3R_GAMES on youtube for a 101 on crafting) it becomes much clearer, but I kind of hoped that the crafting mechanic would have some kind of guiding help in there as it is a pretty big system and a core mechanic of the game. If there is a guide built into the game and I have missed it then this is just as bad as it was not obvious on any level and I am the typically experienced gamer.If this is fixed and the system becomes more user friendly (there was a point that I had levelled up 6 times without noticing that I had points to spend because the UI is so cluttered and even then I really wasn't too sure what my invested points did in some cases) then the game will be very unique and extremely good fun.It is a little repetitive, but this should be alleivated with the crafting mechanic, essentially finding new and better ways (read fun) of putting the enemies down once I have a better grasp of it. The story is a little loose and entirely linear, albeit a few caves here and there to nip into to find health.I really do want this game to be great, the concept is unique in a very hard to be unique category which I love. However, I do feel that the linear story line does wreck it a little for me.Overall I would definitely recommend playing Lichdom (although again, where does the lichdom title come from? Other than being dead/resurrected you actually play as a dragon... not a lich, or at least a dracolich if you are?). However, I definitely feel that Lichdom 2 should be much better once the team have a little more experience with this concept.Positives:Unique play stylePretty but laggy all over the show (a PC restart after install fixed most of this)Fun and creativeImprovements that I would like to see:Less linear play - sandbox style RPG world would make this game mindblowingMore intuitive crafting systemLess cluttered crafting UIThis review does sound negative but it really is a good game with a LOT of potential. How the developers run with that potential is what will make this game great."
76561198079818140,Recommended,261760,11770796,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jakemf,"Wonderful Game, this being said you can tell it is in beta it still needs work and you will experience some bugs it is definately worth your time though. 9.5/10"
76561198095305548,Recommended,261760,9583721,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Narco Babouin,"The Beta version is way better than the early access. I am therefore changing my review!Good points :-Better story (I really like the concepts and what they lead to)-A lot of bugs are now gone-The new style (menu, shield/spell slots) is amazing-What this whole game is about!Bad points :-Still no other magic than ice and fire from the start and I really fear that this game is going to be minimalist...-Some spellcrafting stats are still a bit vague (although the detailed spell description reaaaaaally helps)-Controls are still a bit sucky (no run or jump action)-The dodge is ridiculously OPFrom the upgrades I have seen, I can tell it is going the right direction!"
76561198144435439,Recommended,261760,11604444,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,was_that_a_catapillar,Play da game guys it fun bros!
,Recommended,261760,12000342,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Zesen12,"If you like spellcasting in first person, this game have it. Its quite linear from what I have seen, I will soon continue my journey through this game.In Early access it was quite buggy and took nearly 10 minutes to start, thus my little time in it. But once in the game it ran smoothly and I quite liked the story.I would compare the spellcasting a bit to Skyrim, except you have more possibilities in Lichdom.I'd give it a 7.5/10 from what I have seen so far."
76561198033602083,Not Recommended,261760,12012057,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,AlexG,"I really want to play this game, but can't, this is a heads up warning to anyone thinking about buying Lichdom: If you don't have or can't run Direct X 11, you wont be able to play this game, at all. And also if your PC says you have Direct X 11 that doesn't mean that you actually have it, it simply means you are capable of having it in some cases. Do some research on the subject before parting with £30 because all I got for it was a black screen and some random sounds..."
76561198019464684,Recommended,261760,12029152,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,mrfester,wow loved it. still do. completed it in 39.2 hours tho. :'( but i found out a realy good way to kill any thing in about 2/3 hits.b4 i found that i was finding it hard to just stay alive. its awsom. so i will give it a 8/10 would have been a 9 if i could have set all 3 spell types to fire. :'( or if i got a red spell with fire. keeped giving me ice and stuff. :'(i did like the after party tho lol. that was fun.
76561197980671817,Recommended,261760,9878572,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Waweee,"I would describe this game as a shootery approach to magic combat. Think the magic aspect from Dark Messiah of Might and Magic, but faster paced and with a deeper spell system. It offers blocking and dodging mechanics, much like hack-and-slash games like Ninja Gaiden or Darksiders, but with spells instead of swords.While the alpha is little more than a demonstration of the combat system, it is still great fun.I was very impressed with the spell system and its visual representation within the game.However, there are not a lot of different enemy types. Those that are there do not require special tactics or combos of spells. This allows to focus on a single category of magic and makes the others a bit redundant. Hopefully, this will change in the course of development.The alpha also demonstrates the potential story and atmosphere in the game. At certain points, you'll see short scenes of other characters interacting, illuminating the background as well as backing aspects of the combat system with game lore. I would describe those as the magical equivalent of audio logs in other games (System Shock 2, etc). This is currently implemented very rough, with text overlays instead of speech.I'd recommend consulting some of the numerous first impressions videos out there before making a buying decision. What you see in those videos is pretty much what you'll get at the moment. Overall, the game shows great potential, is visually pleasing and the combat is great fun for a few hours. In its current state, however, the asking price is justified only if you really like magic combat in games or are convinced that the final game will fulfill the potential that this alpha shows."
,Not Recommended,261760,11943150,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,vzOdinson,"I just wasted money on this. Honestly.This game's concept SOUNDS amazing. However, it fails at trying to achieve what it promised.Yes, you are a mage. Yes, you can shoot fire. Yes, you can combine spells and such. However, you are killed in onw to two hits. It feels like it takes AGES to get through a basic area. The story is so damn boring I feel like it belongs on the Lifetime network.4/10.   If you're going to talk this game up so much, at least make some of it true."
76561197998691313,Recommended,261760,11947999,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Exolon,"Just a little review after 10 hours of playing. Great game, with unique crafting. You have many choice to make yourself to badass killer mage. Had some issues with some areas where you really need to use block, couse there are many open areas. For start its really good combination to use Ice are spells, that freezes enemies long enough to cast a fire area spell to kill them."
,Recommended,261760,11948849,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ShanesPrettyRad,"Ive played two hours and I love it. I'm actually making a lets play of this video in hope to get more eye's on the game! I think anyone who's played a mage in skyrim would love this game because it's everything you would have wanted from Elder Scrolls combat but better!9/10 simply based on the combat, it's addictive!"
,Not Recommended,261760,14748915,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,NeverwinterX,"Game shows some promise, but is badly executed. It's very linear, which is not necessarily bad for a game, but the story is so bland and there is so little variation in the gameplay that everything becomes a drag. The groups of enemies you encounter in the levels are often the same and predictable.The game becomes very difficult at some points. Mostly due to enemies being able to instakill you or take 2/3 of your life in or you get in a stunlock position and get attacked by multiple enemies at the same time against which you have no defense at that point. Checkpoints are sometimes also very far apart forcing you to replay large parts (especially frustrating when the game crashed on you, which happens rarely luckily).The gameplay mechanism of combining spell effect begs for a dual wielding mechanic, it's very strange it's not in the game. The way of combining spells (apply mastery and/or control and hit it with destruction) also becomes a drag after a while. It feels a bit artificial as well, spell interactions like it's executed in Divinity Original Sin would have been a better fit.You're supposed to be a powerful mage, but at no point do you really feel powerful. The world can not be destructed or interaction with it is very limited. It feels very strange that in the ice levels your fire spells have no effect on the world."
,Not Recommended,261760,12162929,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Palmtop Tigeress,"This game is awesome, unless you're part of the 'now' generation who wants instant gratification. Strap on your big girl panties and be ready for some very minor grinding (think ff10 farming for materials to craft, or tales of graces f inn request grinding on a smaller scale for time spent).The spells are all crafted, and it takes a good number of components to make badass spells. This takes some time, but unless you're dodging-challenged, you can easily dodge the very-telegraphed mechanics with time to sling spells. This allows you to build up item rarity (The longer you go without dying, the better drops you get).Gameplay:Telegraphed moves, strafing, and semi-multi-tasking with spell switching. Good for players like myself who can't aim worth a damn, or for players who are twitch/trigger as there are homing spells and those requiring reasonable targeting and reaction times. Pretty good graphics, nice immersion, good story. Pretty good stream of upgrades if you take advantage of the crafting system early on. The whole game is set up to draw you in, with lore, drops, and challenges coming in a steady stream.Only thing I dislike is the lack of multiplayer support, as it was advertised for future co-op in the alpha stages. I was truly hoping to be able to play this game with some friends, even bought them the game in the alpha because we liked it so much. It'd be pretty awesome to be able to combo off each other and/or tackle the biggies together.Update :Okay, this has gotten a little ridiculous.I figured they'd fix the overall grindfest, not make it worse. the smart crafting system sucks, and I miss the mildly overpowered feel they use to hook you into the game. The further you go, the more you have to hope and pray things work out and the spells make no sense in relation to the majority of the bosses (With minibosses being able to roflstomp you at every turn, even while trying to dodge properly, this got old fast)."
76561197963470478,Not Recommended,261760,14980160,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,-bleichscheich-,"Kauft den Mist nicht!ich werde später mehr dazu schreiben.Das ist aktuell nur eine Warnung. Das Spiel ist keine fünf Euro wert.Das Spiel ist grafisch zwar ok, zieht aber die Performance eines I7 mit zwei Grafikkarten im idle runter. Irgendwas stimmt da nicht.Weiterhin ist man ganz und gar an die miserable Story gebunden und hat keine Freiräume für Entdeckungen im Sinne einer Open World Mechanik.Dann kommen da die Zaubersprüche daher zum selber basteln.Das ganze unterliegt einer krassen Einschränkung der Möglichkeiten.Tatsächlich muss man sich auf wenige Zaubersprüche festlegen und immer nach dem selben Schema, single Burst, AoE oder Def. Das macht überhaupt keinen Spaß :/Sorry Leute, macht Euch besser nochmal schlau bevor ihr das wirklich kauft oder zieht erstmal ne Demoversion ;-)"
,Not Recommended,261760,15076927,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Thy Mother's Orbiting Moon,"I'll be brief. This has the making of an original, wonderfully constructed game. The combat and crafting system is inspired, but the linearity of the levels and the lack of just stuff to do is a huge letdown. You craft spells based on sigils you find, pairing them together in lots of ways - this is fun, thouhg a little extra variation early on would have been nice. Problem is, the rarity of the sigils you find (AKA how fun the game is) is based entirely on how long you survive - being me, I decided to see what happens when you die, during my first hour or so of the game, as up until that point that game had been rpetty easy, At this point, the rarity was reset and it was like I'd started the game again for a while, and in a game entirely based around crafting, that's not a good feeling. Additionally, you can't keymap properly until you get your 4th element, and that irks me.Honestly, though, the magic int his game FEELS better than anything i've ever played. The combat system is golden, it's just that the actual combet is utter mushrooms.The game would be amazing, if they added:A loot system (i.e. armour, equippables, amulets - ANYTHING to give you a sense of real reward and permanent progress),A proper story - the art for the cutscene things is lovely, but still images are still fairly grating in a game selling for £30 (uk),enemy variation. The first enemies you fight are these really annoying archer things with a ton of health. That's a bad combo to begin with, and it just KEEPS throwing them at you for the first hour or so, and tbh I was done with them after 2 fights.So much potential. Alas, 'twas not to be."
,Recommended,261760,15031240,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This game is nice, but unbalanced. Absolutely stunning visuals and intense, mind-blowing action collide with awfully linear levels and unpleasantly challenging difficulty. You just have to decide for yourself what's more important to you."
76561198079156412,Recommended,261760,14924804,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TheArgonianBeast,"surprisingly amazing gameplay, love how there's no mana limitations. Very hard starting out but i picked it up quickly enough. mutliple different types of gameplay availiable and none are significantly bad to the point where they cannot be used effectively.Graphics are beautiful, love the way resources are picked up without being a distraction."
76561198084168958,Not Recommended,261760,14253328,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kerice Thrace,Game is just meh. Feel clunky and couldn't draw me in. So glad I got this on sale and had a 50% off coupon on top of it.
76561198005919137,Recommended,261760,14241531,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Provoker,"Want to be a badass Battlemage? So badass that you only use 3 spells at a time? So badass that you don't even mix spells? So badass that you are willing to go through 22-30 hours of repetitive monster killing? Well, if you answer yes to all the above mentioned than this game is for you.On a more serious and detailed note though.Gameplay:Lichdom: Battlemage is a unique game in the sense that the gameplay is structured purely on magic and the good thing is that you don't need to worry about manna. The game has a complex and in-depth spell-crafting system, at the first sight that it is. There are only 9 base spells (which you unlock as you progress through the game) that have 3 features - Ranged attack, area attack and block. The spells can be further attuned through various application of various shapes (e.g. lob, homing missile, trap etc) and modifiers (destruction, mastery or control). This sounds heavy and possibility reach right? but just like in Borderlands, you have a variety of guns with only few good ones, the same is with spell. All you need is a good destruction spell and a good mastery spell (enemies hit with mastery spell take extra critical damage once they are hit with a destruction spell).In your spells you use two hands, and the inability to assign different spells to each hand is very annoying, even more annoying than the inability to equip more than 3 spells in total :(Graphics:Visually the game is good, but not as good as it could have been given the fact that it runs on CryEngine 3. The spell visuals are awesome and during an intense battle the game is a visual candy. However everything else lacks details, almost no destructible items (your fireball can kill a demon, but can't crack an old keg or set a wooden chair afire), the world itself has little to no reaction to your spells.Story:Story is as cliché as it could have been, the bad guy killed your wife, you've been given magic powers, go avenge your wife. There are some logical flaws in the story and no interesting turns or twists what so ever.Overall impression:You will love the game in first few hours, by about 10 hours of playing you will be feeling accomplished and waiting for the finale. But for the next 10 hours you will be frustrated as to why the game haven't finished yet. It grows too long and too repetitive. Once you have you best spell combination sorted out it is really easy.Minor glitches, inability to jump, fragile legs (oh yes, your battlemage can die falling down from 2-3 metres), some script errors when enemies become immortal and utterly linear playthrough take away from the original charm and undisputed potential of the original idea.Conclusion:The game is not worth buying for full price, 50% sale tough is just right. Let's hope the authors will learn from mistakes and make a better and shorter sequel. 6.5/10This game could have been so much better as the potential and the idea look so under developed, however I would still recommend this game to its uniqueness.P.S.Check out my other reviews and join the group at:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ogrreview/"
,Recommended,261760,14305102,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Asatruer,"An intense FPSesque combat game with a fantasy setting. Has more similarity to such ancient Doom era (and engine) games Heretic and Hexen, and with the Diablo series than it does with an RPG. Level design is very aesthetically pleasing, but linear with a few explorative branches for loot and or extra challenges. The voice actors are great and plotline is good, but not great and does feel as though it ends abruptly in such a way to lead into a sequel to wrap things up. The combat and spell crafting are what makes the game rather enjoyable and worth experiencing.Great for someone looking for intense magical combat rather than a deeply immersive role-playing experience.The combat is straightforward with no resource management (no ammo/mana  other than a recharging shield) and relies blocking and teleporting for defense and for offense switching between three Sigils (like elements) each with a single target, a targeted area of effect, and a self radiating nova (from a good block or charged teleport). The basic projectile attack can be crafted with three different shapes, one for the basic shot that has a small amount of auto-aim, one for a lobbed bomb that explodes into smaller bursts for a semi-AoE, and a shorter ranged spraying ray. Similarly the Area power can be crafted into three shapes, a basic AoE, a radiating pool that hits anything that passes into it, and an exploding trap. Each spell is crafted with Augments onto the Shapes that dictate not only bonuses, but also the spell's attunement to either Damage, Control, or Mastery. Damage is self explanatory, and Control is pretty standard hold/paralyze effect, but Mastery is a bit more complex working often as a debuff, but always as a way to build up extra potential critical damage. Hit a target with a control attuned spell to lock it down, then a mastery spell to increase the critical damage, and finally a charged damage spell for 100% critical chance and watch the fireworks. The basic elemental Sigils (Fire, Ice, Lightning, and Kinetic) each influence the shape of the spell in subtle ways to give many options for building together various combos of spells that work well together, and it can be fun (though sometimes a bit daunting) to sort out which of the many permutations work best for you. The more advanced Sigils (Corruption, Delirium, Necromancy, and Phase) start behaving a bit more radically different in how they work. Even your character's shield (this games equivalent for hit points) is craftable with various shapes to help tailor your combat tactics ranging from fewer teleport blinks but more hit points for the tank playstyle to less hit points and unlimited blinks for more active and mobile dodger playstyle.The crafting loot is one of the places where the game takes after the likes of Diablo, with the loot drops from mobs being these building blocks of Shapes and Augments used to craft spells, with the level of the loot as well as its colored rarity dictating how powerful of a spell you can end up crafting with it. Another is the bad guys can spawn with the occasional affix that grants it some perks like knockdown or faster attacks, radiating damage, or even making fellows invulnerable."
,Recommended,261760,13349471,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Narlex,"Lichdom Battlemage creates a solid world and gives off a truly immersive experience. Since the pre-release, the game has had many noticeable changes from actual scenes during cutscenes and completely re-hauled assets. The spells feel much more unique and even interactions with the environment can be felt all over. If I had a fire explosive near vegetation, not only would the vegetation react and blow outwards, but it would light on fire temporarily as well. A fireball thrown in water has such a satisfying reaction and everything helps create this world that feels truly alive now. The combat feels solid, though later fights may rely on certain combos rather than having fun playing a certain way, but it's still very satisfying to play through. One thing to note is the game is very graphically intensive, so be sure your rig can handle it if you want 60 fps."
76561198031339883,Not Recommended,261760,13628766,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gsturge,"If you need a lot of save points, this game isn't for you."
76561198049022870,Not Recommended,261760,13569787,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Captain_Chronic611,The game was awesome and fun but a tad repetative up until the part where the game bugged out and wont continue the story line. I'm not the only person to encounter this bug and nothing is done to fix it and there is no way around it so im stuck with a useless game i cant progress in anymore. I wouldn't reccommend this just in case you run into the same thing i did.
76561198025649067,Recommended,261760,13596906,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Gemischte Gefühl,It is simply to describe this game in one word: Amazing.At first it was hard to get into the whole crafting system but once figuredout it is a perfect game. Also with a nice story and everything this game istotally worth the price.
,Recommended,261760,10134767,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Eliposin,"[EDITED to represent current game state]My inital issues were lack of enemies to fight (only 3 or maybe it was 4 models to kill).  Lack of depth of gameplay.  And a very linear game with no adventure aspect.As I played more of the game I found that there were still only 3 or 4 models but having built games before I know adding new enemies is very easy.The depth of gameplay I am laying on only having played one level.  I feel that the two levels that I have played are functioning very similar to the opening to Skyrim, where the player is slowly walked through a the mechanics of the game.  I will have to wait until more of the game is avaliable to know.Again the linear aspect I am going to put on the lack of levels to play.  But this again is something very easy to fix once you have the artwork done for the levels.I give the game a 5/10, but it's still pre-alpha and a lot better than other games I've played in the past."
76561198104983344,Recommended,261760,22165355,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,great.wyrm.green.dragon,"The fast-paced combat is quite interesting, and getting undead to help makes getting through the throngs of monsters easier.  I still cannot win the last battle no matter how hard I try (I assume its the devil himself? - although the update where I can change from ""Battlemage"" to ""Novice"" may do it), and I am a little confused why all the important evil-doers are seemingly servants to the devil or somesuch.  Getting the spell creation down to a science is not as easy as it looks, and this could be why I cannot win the final battle.  This game gives you a good adrenaline rush, and figuring out why each place gets more and more evil makes this story memorable."
,Recommended,261760,13350495,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Another Day,"Revised Review-- Fast paced, action packed, nonstop imploding of undead cultists.Pros:Great gameplay.Amazing craft systemNonstop slaughterLinear level design - exploring takes time away from Smiting Minions with lightning boltsMassive levelsHordes of BaddiesSatisfying challenge(s)Many playstyles encouragedCons:Archers....Variety of Baddies?  It makes sense storywise but some mid-sized demons scattered around would go very far.Archers with knockdownArchers with ice arrowsArchers with fast attackArchers spawning insanely fast during boss fights, just to remind me the developers want my Dragon to die, repeat, until I give up and make skyrim memes about knee injuries.Old Review--Had an issue for a long time for the GTX 500 series graphics cards where every 20 minutes the game would crash.  No issues outside of this."
76561198097945464,Recommended,261760,14503437,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Klm,This game is perfect for anyone who loves to play as a battlemage. But I get why some did not like it. Not that easy at first but as soon as you get how it works you can really start crafting the most powerful spells. I especially love the Phase and Corruption sigils.
,Not Recommended,261760,14507541,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Gooeykat,"It's just not very good, I got it on sale for $13 and it's more like a $10 game.  It's buggy, it has long load times, the graphics are not as good as I was hoping, they don't look very crisp, textures are just dull....its a performance hog at that.  The gameplay is dull, you basically walk around firing spells at mobs, you can't jump?  You have this thing called blink instead that allows you quick dash a short distance.  The spell crafting is beyond confusing.  They actually went out of thier way to create a story and some cinematics and there are some journal entries....I guess if you're into that sort of thing that's great.  But the gameplay itself is just dull.  Very disappointed."
,Recommended,261760,13724726,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,__Malek__,"I can understand how some people might dislike the game. However I like that it can be quite challagening and fun at the same time the boss fights actaullly have some stratergy to them as to how not to get brutally murdered. And after I unlocked Necromancer some of the moments where the game might have been horribly hard before became an interesting challenge of how large I could grow my undead army before I ran out of demons, undead and cultists to reanimate.So just saying this game does have its downs BUT it also has some quite fun and interesting things to try in the process of incinderating your foes."
,Recommended,261760,13724840,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,xShadowsaur,"This is a fun and exciting game for all those who wanted to be a masterful mage. Spell creation, spells that work in conjuction with eachother, an interesting world with an admittedly cliche story and solid gameplay is what is offered in this game. Yes, the game is linear with extras off the beating path, with the only real openess is the ability to travel back into previous levels and waypoints. The levels are distinct and varied to boot and the game looks quite beautiful. This game is quite fun and if you even have mild interest in the game it will probably will be worth its purchase on sale, though i always hesitate to recommend someone buying a game for over $20. Enjoy yourselves, new dragons."
,Recommended,261760,13124207,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Crankey,its ok
76561197999483873,Recommended,261760,13134653,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Redwood Guardian,"crafting is really hard, offten hard to tell what's going to happen when makeing a new spell, so far i keep makeing fireballs that do 0 dmg."
,Recommended,261760,21268064,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Makoo,This is a great First Person mage game with complex spells and combinations.It's kinda obtuse and mostly need the great Steam user guides but I love it.
,Recommended,261760,21209715,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Don't let your dreams be dreams,"TLDR:If you usually like to understand games and if you have even the patience that you usually need on PURE RPG games well you will love the ""almost"" infinite crafting possibilities you will find in this game, and this game will be so easy to play that you will ask yourself ""Am I really playing at the hardest difficulty?"". If you don't have those two qualities don't buy this game; you will totally miss the fun and this game will become IMPOSSIBLE to play and you will ask yourself ""Why I'm not able to wounding my enemies?""LV:I was just looking for my girlfriend (if you choose the male)/my sister (if you choose the woman) and I've discovered that I am one of the most powerful mages in the whole planet so I said to myself: ""let's go out there and save the entire world"".Let's be clear: this game is the typical LOVE it or HATE it. What the developers tried to do here is something of unique barely seen in other games but this created a huge mess for the typical ""I want to launch my game and just have fun"" players.First of all crafting is not that clear, you have to read you have to mess a bit with it, you have to try, you have to destroy and craft again and so on. Because if a spell is at Tier 9 it doesn't mean it could do more damage than a spell at Tier 7 due to perks and bonuses. You have to be careful about what to do and again you have to READ what you are crafting.And even the most useless (at the first sight) spell could be DEVASTATING USEFULL. For example my shield is not that strong (only almost 3000hp per pip still at tier 9 tho) but it gives me the bonus of unlimited blink. This is a huge advantage if you usually move a lot to avoid people shooting at you. My delirium spell (at the first it seems useless but I had to take a step backward about it) gives me a bonus of a x2-x11 crit multiplier that means after launching that if I shoot at the target I can instantly kill it (even bosses with 3-5 shoots!). And so on.About this you can use the smart inventory that will automatically update your spells. But remember sometimes smart inventory could give you great ideas, sometime doing things by yourself is BETTER.So yes it is a game that you have to understand and that you have to adapt to your gameplay style because IT DOESN'T adapt to you.So again is not for everyone.Second, the graphic is indeed amazing (well...CryEngine 3 you know...) the sounds are good and even the music it is. The scenarios will leave you with your mouth open. If you have a middle range nVidia card BEWARE because this game was made with AMD support so you could have some trouble and it doesn't depends from your GPU but from the software itself so you may have to tweak it a bit (no problem with my 970 anyway)Third, the story leaves you a bit unsatisfied; yes it engages you at a certain point but it leaves a lot of doors open in the end (probably the developers were thinking about a Lichdom 2 who knows and personally I hope for it). At the end of the game starts the ""New gameb"" mode. You will be able to teleport yourself in every area of the game, plus there will be new portals to explore (and to let you maximize your spells by unlocking tier 10 and above)The gameplay in general is quite linear, go ahead, devastate everything you see, go ahead, find some loot machines to clear,  fight the boss start the next level. Simple and linear, no puzzle and not a lot of exploration.What I think about it?This game has got a lot of potential, but is not for the taste of everyone. As we all well know pretty graphics don't make a game good, gameplay and story does.So again, if you like to craft and experiment a lot go ahead buy this game; or if you are willing to try it because you are curious buy it when it is on sales.If you want a game with a deep intense story and without a 100% guaranteed headache due to crafting DON'T buy this game.OverallGraphic 9/10Sounds 8/10Gameplay 7/10Longevity 7/10Controls 7/10"
,Not Recommended,261760,21167532,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Smooshieus,"Lichdom is a pretty boring game, that makes you feel like you're throwing ice cubes and flaming potatoes at enemies with axes. It boasts very damage-spongey enemies and it doesn't feel at all like you're the powerful mage you're made out to be. You have slightly creative control over what kind of spells you can create: you can pick three ""elements"" to equip, which essentially function as your guns in any other FPS. Each ""gun"" has a normal fire mode - which can be set to a ray, cluster-grenade or bolt, an alt fire mode - which is an AOE grenade, trip-mine or lasting effect like a gas grenade, and a shield - which when timed correctly causes splash damage in front of you. It's a neat idea, and quickly switching between the three elements you chose can help stack damage or cause interesting effects. Unfortunately, even the weakest enemies really soak up tons of damage and you mostly find yourself repeating the same cycle of attacks over and over, once you've found a few spells that feel the least flimsy.You walk a linear route and every 50 meters you enter another arena where you instantly become locked-in with force fields and enemies spawn out of thin air until the arena is considered completed. There's no way to tell how much damage you've done, which enemy is almost dead, or how many enemies you have left until that little section is complete. Then the force fields disappear and you can continue walking down the linear path for 50 meters until the next set of force fields pop up and enemies start spawing in front of your face again. Out of boredom I eventually snapped up a trainer, and even with unlimited health, quickly leveling spells and instantly powered-up charges (hold the mouse button down for a second and your spell becomes ""more powerful""), you STILL feel weak and even the weakest enemies take 5 to ten spells to die. A properly crafted fireball with all your best ""epic"" runes won't even make a little wobbly skelleton flinch. I'd really rather take a pistol and pop a hole in it's skull than muck around with flamboyant attempts to trap, freeze and then roast every reanimated skelleton that teleports in front of me every few seconds. There's some very lazy game design going on here and I'd steer clear of it. Lichdom is a pretty but poor execution of a good idea.If you DO enjoy this game, even remotely, you'll probably have a lot more fun in God Mode. It's similar in that it has arenas to progress through, but it doesn't pretend to have a boring story and it doesn't dress up regular gun-play as something it's not. God Mode is focused on arena combat with guns, where aiming for a head-shot actually makes a difference. And the most fun thing about it? You can play it with friends. Lichdom's only claim to fame is the focus on magic, but if you play it for a few minutes, you'll poke right through that and realize you feel more like a guy weilding very unhandy, weak, flaming-potato slingshots than a wizard."
,Not Recommended,261760,21140445,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Charlie teh Unicron,"Briefly:- Spell-crafting system is not really creative but somewhat big: you get a ♥♥♥♥♥on of crefting elements and you spend a lot, a lot of tme in the inventory,making stuff that doesn't really matter since it will probably add 1-2 points of dmg and some % to stats that have never been really explained; I have no idea what they do.- Combat is dull: lots of enemies, different kinds of enemies, but really, hide behind something - charge up a fireball - throw it - repeat until everyone's dead.- Plot is plain and simple. And completely boring.Just some points here I consider the most important. Take it with a really good discount."
,Not Recommended,261760,21155848,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ydorn,its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198062517077,Not Recommended,261760,21119176,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Takko,"This the worst game i have ever spent money on. The game description boasts that the mage is better than everyone else but you are incredibly under powered for most of the game. The game allows you to craft new spells thousands of them but give no description of the terminology of spells and a lot of the spells don't even do damage. Really I've been spamming fireballs at skeletons without doing any damage, not even burning. The only redeeming quality of this game is the graphics look good."
,Not Recommended,261760,21703653,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,trapezoid,"This game has everything you could possibly want, except decent gameplay, which is absolutely the most important thing. Great art, reasonable story, a crafting based upgrade system, and awful, tedious, boring, repetitive combat which makes all the good parts fall away and leaves you wanting to go play Magica instead."
,Not Recommended,261760,21410326,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,FRODEN,looks like skyrim magic but has like 20 different spells
,Not Recommended,261760,21222031,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ogre,"I really wish I could recommend this game. The visuals are great and the concept of crafting spells for an FPS style game is fantastic. However, there are simply too many other problems - the level design is unforgivably boring, the enemy design is generic, the bosses are incredibly grindy, the story is unengaging, the interface is convoluted as hell. It secretly doesn't especially matter what spells you're using, because all you ever do in this game is kite enemies.I tried my best to like this, it just ain't happening."
,Recommended,261760,21857922,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,CMDR Orsus,"I love this game, it can get really complicated even on a simpler difficulty I'd hate to see it on Hardcore mode."
76561197982517017,Not Recommended,261760,22017541,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Phantom Mercenary,"Convoluted spell crafting system that isn't very well explained.  Overlapping spell abilites.  Movement and firing controls are unintuitive, especially in a serious fire-fight.  Dumb plot.  Extremely 1-sided boss fights turn into bullet hell; so its more twitch vs stategy.  Linear Levels.  Nice graphics though."
76561198118355028,Recommended,261760,21060039,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,sistemdown999,"Yesterday I bought the game,today after freezing in the middle of gaming while I try to pick jurnal scroll...game stop to work.Every single time the same problem...main manu not show up on the contrary always freez.Anyhow I hope so that problem will be solved cuz game have some great potentional and I really like this game ..."
,Recommended,261760,21061873,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Suitcaser,10/10 - mage mechanic6/10 - fun playing this gameOverall - buy if it's on sale.
,Recommended,261760,21022402,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bloodfire,"Have been looking for a cool magic casting game and this is great. Looks good, funny story with an evil sith lord, sweet magic and painkiller/serious sam arena fights."
76561198125178291,Recommended,261760,21106281,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cpt. Mittens,"I am really unsure of why this game has so many negative reviews. I have been playing for a few hours now and I am really still enjoying it. It has a great balance of difficulty and you can really customize your charecter to however you want to play it. You are constantly upgrading and I mean all the time. It feels like with every single fight you have, your are getting stronger and stronger. There are some great spell effects and some great combos. Personaly it is a thumbs up from me. Great game and a lot of fun.Edit:So after a few more hours of play I still have not found what makes this game look bad to the general community. I love it and have been enjoying every secound of it. I think if I where to guess that the one bad thing in the game is the HUGE lack of explination. This game offers a VERY VERY deep spell crafting system but does not explain it enough. I went for a certain build that was so complex and when I finaly figured it out, I found myself enjoying the game even more.There are challanging bosses, timed blocks, learning different enemies and different debuffs, making a style that suits you, from ranged casting to tanking and up close and personal. There is so much more to offer in the game and I hear that there is a new game + so the fun is really only just starting for me.I strongly recomend this game especially when it is on offer.Learn the game and you will enjoy it so much more!"
76561198118882613,Not Recommended,261760,22015179,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,AlmostAwkward21,It just got a bit repetative. The more I played the more I saw the same themes. It just got boring.
76561198000943107,Recommended,261760,20246413,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Moving_Target78,"This game is VERY padded. It takes forever to get though this if your loot hunting like I am. It's not bad, the gameplay is where it's strong suits are. The story is ok at best. Multiple points it makes a point to show off it's graphics which are not bad at all. Just wish more work was put into story and less padding.Save points feel like forever apart."
76561198043034029,Recommended,261760,17557326,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,WubWubAlex,i love this game but they need to add more stuff and make a different story because literally the story is some guy walks into your shop steals your girlfriend and turns out to be this crazy person that eats whole villages and is a evil magic guy that has is probably from a cult and your this choosen one with magical bracers and you kill stuff because...magic.
76561198019030238,Not Recommended,261760,17560713,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,☠NicoZ☠,"The crafting system is the most annoying and illogical that i have seen so far. Is extremely frustrating because you need to do way too much grinding. The restriction that items have of limited number of times you can upgrade them is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And the results you get when crafting some thing you want, are too random. (and the game have way too many spells FXs gliches)."
,Recommended,261760,17024900,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SanguinarySeraph,"Lichdom: DisappointmentmageIt took me a while to work out whether or not I recommend this game, that says a lot in and of itself I think. In the end I have to go with a 'Yes' although be aware it's a very qualified 'Yes'. Basically, pick it up on sale, but don't expect too much.+ Diverse set of Elements to choose from (Not just Fire, Ice, Electricity)+ Graphics engine is pretty (Cryengine 3 so it should be)+ Fairly diverse setting(s), with some interesting landmarks+ Compelling upgrade system+ It's reasonably long, although 'drawn out' might be a better description- Gameplay is repetitive- Only a handful of types of enemies reskinned throughout the game- Gameplay is repetitive- World feels utterly dead and empty (little to no interactivity, constant corridor layout)- Gameplay is repetitive- Story is told AT you rather than you really participating in any recognisable way- Gameplay is repetitive- Spell mechanics are poorly explained- Gamep...yeah you get it5.5/10Lichdom is a game frequently tagged as 'RPG' with the tagline 'Play the first game where the Mage is a total badass!'. Bull***t!Whilst certainly you play as a mage, and you are quite powerful, the game plays out a lot more like an FPS a la Call of Duty than anything resembling an RPG. If you're looking for an RPG, stop now and look elswhere. How about being a badass? Well...no. The issue mostly comes down to how the game is balanced, for starters it features a similar enemy scaling system as Skyrim so it doesn't really matter how powerful you get, your enemies (the same 5 throughout the game) always scale with you. Secondly you typically face off against small groups of moderately dangerous enemies...most of whom are also Magic users.Lesson 1: When you make a game where you play as an all powerful mage...don't make everyone in it also a mage.I can't help but feel that masses of less powerful, non magic users would've greatly improved the feeling of empowerment, without making it too easy.I spent ~20hrs playing through the game on normal (Battlemage) difficulty...and got an achievement for it that apparently only 1.1% of people have. Pretty good sign that either your game is too hard (see other reviews/comments) and/or your game isn't interesting enough to be bothered finishing.Lesson 2: When you make a game about being 'badass' don't make it so you die ridiculously easily.In fairness, I didn't find the game particularly challenging on Battlemage Difficulty (I used a Fire Damage, Kinesis Mastery Debuff/Snare, Necromancy Minions/Tanking build), however most of the Boss encounters felt brutally cheap. Everything in the game is set up around damage rather than defense. You don't really have much in the way of defensive abilities, and when you come across elite enemies or bosses, they can often take out 2/3 of your health with a ranged (or teleported) hit you never saw coming.The world feels extremely dead. While some of the graphics are pretty owing to running on Cryengine 3, the models aren't particularly impressive and the level design is poor. Most of the game you're charging through what is more or less a corridor with periodic encounters (enemies just appear in 'arenas') along the way. Run 50m, engage 5-10 enemies, run 50m, engage the same 5-10 enemies...repeat for an hour. The other issue that contributes to the dead world feeling, is that the world is basically non-interactive (there's no physics). For a modern game, this is poor. For a modern game about the elements and being a badass mage...it's really disappointing that you can't set things on fire, or blow stuff up.Lesson 3: Being a Badass mage requires LARGE AMOUNTS OF COLLATERAL DAMAGE (imo anyway)Further to that, there's no interaction between the elements. Combining Ice and Fire has fundamentally the same effects as Fire and Kinesis. The spells have more variation on whether they're Destruction (damage), Mastery (debuff/amp damage), or Control (debuff/snare), than they really do between the elements.Ultimately I recommend Lichdom: Battlemage simply because I think it deserves some exposure for trying to do something new, and there's not enough of that. It's just a shame that the game feels like some great concepts that nobody ever actually sat down and playtested. Playing through the game I kept thinking that it would've been better if they'd done things differently. Lichdom: Battlemage comes across as an incomplete product, the idea is there, but the execution just isn't yet. Nonetheless, if you're intrigued, and it's on sale...give it a shot."
76561198042695787,Recommended,261760,16918477,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Maxss2,"Even though I hit 'yes' for my ultimate review, I really only do that because it's a unique game that I want to see more of from game developers... But, it still has it's flaws that make this less than ideal.There's some top quality voice acting, I was surprised to hear the voices that I did, and they all do pretty well with their lines. The setting is also pretty awesome and well-detailed, with a lot of love put into the different levels you come across, the fine details and whatnot. It's also cool to see some programmers embracing a concept that doesn't really seem to shine through, the badass mage that is a force to be reckoned with on the battlefield. Kind of like a cross between Gandalf and Bruce Lee, something you don't understand until it's lit you on fire WITH THEIR MIND.However, there's a lot that gets in the way and really makes this game more of a trudge for me. The first part is that the game mechanics are really clunky, enough that it's more of a fight to keep control of your character than it is working your tactics against enemies. The combat is on a fast-pace first-person shooter level, but the spells don't really back that up. Frequently I'm working to dodge or backpedal in order to keep the foe at a distance while I'm charging a spell that's worth a damn, or I'm trying to set up an area of attack spell but it triggers too late for it to really do anything. I've tried tinkering with the crafting system to see what I can get from it, thinking that it might be that I'm just using the wrong tools for the job... but nothing seems to really matter. There's such a huge variety of different components, each with subtle differences, that it just blurs together. I really found myself thinking that a system borrowed from Borderlands would be much better, where you can choose between various elements, and you get different abilities as you level up. In all, I could tell the power was there, I just had to really DIG to get to it.The setting itself also could use help, there is the beginnings of a good story, but it feels like you're just a ghost moving through it all. Story elements are told through a sort of flashback ability, but you really only interact with one or two characters at a time, and they're forgettable enough that I honestly can't remember names of anyone. There's mention of a conflict raging in the world already, but you never seem to take part in it directly. The graphics also show you things that get me to investigate, and I'm definitely intreagued, but it is just for show... You can look with your eyes, but that's about it, and eventually you find yourself not even bothering to explore the world at all.In all, I really want to keep going with the game, there's the amazing potential there to make a really high-caliber game that could really bring some innovation to the FPS and Fantasy genre... but there's either too much complexity that it becomes difficult to grasp, or it's so bland that there's no point to it at all.If you're a developer, seriously, this can really be a new type of FPS that could help bring life to the genre... just polish this stuff out more. If you're a gamer, pick it up if you've got funds you don't care what you burn on, or if it's on sale..."
76561198056150800,Recommended,261760,16495545,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Zilko,"Hot damn, Xaviant have crafted something really beautiful with Battlemage: gorgeous environments and vibrantly repugnant enemies coalesce with a deep and engaging spell crafting system which rewards experimentation and creativity to produce a gauntlet of frenetic action which rarely risks monotony. The combat system itself consists of only a few basic elements, but these can be utilised in quick succession, rewarding quick reflexes and tactical planning and punishing those who assume that spamming the flame spells will achieve victory; it won't, genius. It also demands mentioning that the spells themselves are positively... well... spellbinding (deal with it), wild motes of colour dancing, arcing, bolting and exploding in vivid spectra from the bare hands of your avatar to pierce, bludgeon, restrain and, often, utterly decimate the wonderfully lively monsters and undead you face throughout Battlemage.All this said, the tutorial systems are an eggregious state of poor: shortly after beginning the game, having been just introduced to the four or five most basic combat features of the game, Battlemage simply gave up on tutoring me at all, instead directing me to the in-game journal for a lovely dump of boring text to sift through and educate myself on what are, honestly, the far more interesting aspects of the game, such as crafting and the three key types of spell damage required for combos. Endless Legend suffered from much the same issues with its tutorial (100 hours and I am still having to learn obscure mechanics through experimentation). Fortunately, Battlemage's mechanics are far simpler and easier to experiment with and, thus, thoroughly learn, but it still saddens me that this will likely turn many people off through lack of easy accessibility born from a lack of simple tutorials.Obviously, highly recommended. Additionally, the 1.2 hours currently listed for my playtime for the game are false. It is significantly more than that."
76561198061812403,Recommended,261760,16502574,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TheMoMo345,"Fun game that seems optimized for a console. Difficult to quickly understand how to craft, etc. Fun though."
,Not Recommended,261760,16527582,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dragan,"While I've only put in an hour or so, this game has failed to grab me.It is extremely linear, and I have been fighting the same enemies for an hour. I feel no reason to combo ice and fire, (ice stores damage until hit with fire; might as well just hit with fire to begin with) and thus I am spamming the same spells over and over.While it is pretty, and the spell crafting is reasonably interesting, it is not interesting or exciting enough to keep me playing."
,Recommended,261760,16901172,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Bubblec0re,"I'll be brief:Pros:-Very complex spell crafting system with lots of possibilities-Beautiful graphics and special effects-The default difficulty (now known as 'Battlemage') is just right - very challenging, but not impossibleCons:-The levels sometimes are needlessly long and repetitive-The combat is repetitive unless you swap sigils on purpose-The story is not expressed enough-The tutorials only explain the magic systems themselves, not in conjunction with each otherAll in all, a very solid game which I'd recommend to play through if you're tired of 'standard' fantasy with mana, cooldowns and elves."
,Not Recommended,261760,16868633,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Adma Deadwolf,"----WARNING, WALL OF TEXT INCOMING!!----I expected more. I expected to be a badass mage, flinging cool (and sometimes silly) custom spells around. There are 3 variants of spell modifier for 2 of the 3 spell types, with 8 'Sigils' (magic types), and Destrution, Control, and Mastery effects for each. Sounds good, right? It's not, and that is because Destruction, Control, and Mastery have no effect on the apperance of your spells, Destruction = Damage, Control = Influencing enemies(dmg over time, stuns, etc.), and Mastery = Enemies take increased damage.The spell modifiers only change how the effect is delivered ( a continous stream, a grenade like effect, homing missles, etc.) Each Sigil type is nice, excluding the over-done and over-used types of Fire and Ice. You have a Aoe spell (think traps), your thrown spells, and Novas (what happens when you use a charged blink). Basically the spells aren't anywere near as customizable as they should be. Also you can only use 1 Sigil type per both hands, no dual-wielding differnt spell types.Shield's are stupid, there are 3 types of shields. 1-Agile, quick blinks and charged blinks, low damage block, low shield. 2-Tactical, charged blinks, medium damage block, medium shield. 3-Strategic,3 quick blinks (has recharge), high damage block, high shield. My problem with them is that I can't use any of them. Agile is fast enough, but lacts the shield I need, while strategic has enough shield but isn't fast enough. Tactical is just stupid, mainly because I can't dodge last second.The enemies are annoying, and make things like boss fights ridiculously tedious. Most of my deaths in this game have involved trying to take shortcuts through levels (which are all very linear btw) or being stunlocked by ranged enemies till the boss finally connects with a hit (usually a insta/near insta-kill even on lower difficulties).I've only been to about 4 locations in the game if you include the tutorial. I could not find a single shortcut through these levels, considering there is no jump button, and 4 ft falls kill you. These levels (excluding the tutorial) are overly long, and very tedious.If you want a nice to look at game with good magic effects, here it is. I'd rather much prefer something that actually gave me insanely customizable spells, with fun game mechanics."
,Recommended,261760,25027957,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Coeus,"I found it pretty fun. It's cool you can craft your own spells, not too difficult if you're good at mulitasking and switching spells constantly. But definitely wait for a sale."
76561198094638635,Recommended,261760,26426883,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Vardas,"Disclaimer: I didn't finish it. I couldn't be bothered to see it through all the way but I was very much near the end.Spellcrafting: 9/10- Very fun and easily the most interesting aspect of the game, along with synergies due to the large variety of spell types availableVisuals: 8/10- Very well animated spell effects. Regardless of the sigils, casting them is very pleasant to the eye. The colours give each sigil a distinct look and  feel. There are a fair few graphical glitches, especially on any character that wears robes. but forgivable. All in all a nice visual styleCombat: 7/10- It's good once you get used to switching between your sigils and comboing them, but that takes a while until you understand the basic concepts of the game. Unfortunately once you do understand it and find some decent spell combos, the game becomes very repetitive. Waves of enemies, in different but pointless locations over and over and over.Level design: 2/10- One of my biggest quips with the game. It feels like the levels were made by the creators of Serious Sam. Such a disjointed mess of different locales... Each of them is unique which is good for variety but with the waves of enemies it genuinely feels like a Serious Sam that takes itself too seriously. There's ""fast travel"" which is not really fast travel, but travel. There is no other way to travel for this to be the fast one. There's no map of the country, and the locatuions exist in separate instances. .The world they have built does not feel alive, at all. It feels like a big sandbox excuse to kill things. Which bring us to the biggest issue:Story: 1/10- Honestly, I have never before been so bored out of my mind with a ""fantasy"" story. It's unfortunate because it's not lacking due to laziness, you can see they've put real effort into making many collectable pieces of lore in the form of letters and journals. But because each locale is so disjointed from the rest, it never manages to make you care about the world or ANY of its inhabitants. And since there are literally zero regular humans other than enemies (cultists) and monsters, the world feels like nothing but a sandbox.The protagonist is ""generic revenge seeker"" number 1000, and has no personality other than that. We're not given any reason to care for him/her except ""they killed his/her family"". Nothing about their hopes and dreams before this, nothing about whther they are a good or bad person. Even when something happens that would make any human grieve, he just takes it in stride.And the villains, are just stereotypical ""powerhungry"" villainous figures. No real motivation or character behind them. This story would impress a 10 year old child, if that.Overall: 5.4/10just the average of the above, which is fitting for an average game.If they had taken the combat and spellcrafting and used all of that in an open-world environment with regular NPCs and ""quest""-style objectives it could have been amazing. As it is it was just average. A good bit of fun, which is why I recommend it, but only to those who are prepared to put up with a truly atrocious story and a bit of a time investment to understand the crafting system for a bit of fun."
,Recommended,261760,26427090,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,High Priest Dre,"Lichdom: Battlemage is a solid game. A first person spell-'em-up with a crafting system that allows you to customize your spells (example: having your attack spell be a bolt, ray, or a lob style attack). The story and game path are linear, but considering the story it is telling, keeping the player focused is probably a good thing.The combat can get repetitive, but if you switch between the different elements you can wield, it can make the game a little more interesting, but it might be a good idea to play this game in sessions, rather than trying to blast through it all in one go."
,Recommended,261760,15234221,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,fista1,"When I saw the trailer, I wasn't very impressed, to be honest. The game looked too frenetic to me. If the trailer was the only soruce of information, I would not buy the game. Luckily, it wasn't.Lichdom: Battlemage is a fantasy action game. You are a mage who is not limited with the amount of mana. A powerful mage who can destroy thousand of enemies, yet can't jump nor swim. You do not have a sword either, so casting spells is the only way you can fight enemies.There are 8 sigils in the game, each with three spells- Nova, a spell activated when you defend yourself, Targeted spell, which is a standart one and AOE- Area of Effect spell. Each spell can be atunned to destruction, control and mastery. The effects of these attunements vary from sigil to sigil, but in general it's reccommended to combine them in order to hurt your enemies more.The powers of sigils can be combined, which is the main fun of the game in my opinion. For example, I casted a time bubble on an enemy, which absorbs damage from other spells. Then I casted a spell which sends bugs to the enemy, eating them alive from within. Finally, I used a teleport spell. The enemy was teared apart with it. The bugs then went to other enemies, hurting and teleporting them through the battlefield.You can also craft your own spells from resources you'll find on the way, upgrade the spells and even the resources and craft synergies. Synergies are spells which combines power of two sigils. They can summon powerfull creatures or deal huge damage to enemies.In general, this game is very good. Yes, it can get sometimes a bit repetetive and the levels are basically corridors with few other ways to go. I think the story can't stand on it's own, it serves more like a motivation to go further, killing enemies down the road. But this is a debut of Xavian, and as such is really good. I reccommend this game."
,Recommended,261760,26758627,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Saint Gekko,"This game does a great job of making you feel like a badass wizard. Throwing fire and ice from your hands and raising armies of the dead. Problem is the levels and encounters get really repetative and once you've seen a few spell combos, you've seen them all. Still worth messing around with if you can get it on sale, but not at $40."
,Recommended,261760,22149656,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AsphyxA,"""So dicking good"" -Gamespot""♥♥♥♥"" -PC Gamer"
76561197988332162,Recommended,261760,28739070,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mythile,"19 or so hours of the same combo spells to kill enemies quickly, progress through story.  The enirvonments and enemies felt repeated after the first five hours or so. Some boss fights were tough but it seemed the more powerful I became the easier the boss battles were. You would think they would scale those battles accordingly. I couldn't even finish the game because I felt that I saw it all. I had no reason to see it through until the end. The only reason I kept playing long after I grew tired of killing the same enemies over and over again was the crafting system. It doesn't take to long to understand the complexity of different combinations and receiving a more powerful spell through your own upgrades is extremely rewarding. This game failed on it's attempt to put forth an intriguing story and the bland enivronments/enemies almost is enough to deter you from playing the game after awhile. The crafting system is its saving grace though. Play it and you'll feel like the most powerful mage in the Universe."
76561198093843067,Recommended,261760,28891102,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mrkueling,I liked this game but it was extremely frustrating. The upgrade system gave me anxiety
76561197966619209,Not Recommended,261760,29238077,Posted: 13 January,all,Virck,"I'm done...just, no...I got this at a strong discount, and I still feel ripped off.  You have some Borderlands level worth of ""Hope you can upgrade your magic m8!  Because if not, you could hit a stone wall by focusing too much on one play style"".Let me explain that a little bit, the game has spell crafting, and it's just like you collect weapon parts, and slap them together to make a new weapon, but you need the right kind of parts for your specific weapon you enjoy.It's all down to random luck to whether the legendary you gave up hundreds of other I'm gonna call them ""Runes"" for, and that Legendary does wank all for your current play style.  Good one m8!  Don't get it."
,Not Recommended,261760,29346704,Posted: 18 January,all,thor32123,"Not bad but not great, the game gives you intersing mixtures of spells so there are a number of ways to mix up the combat to make things interesting but after a while that loses its charm, I feel like the game needed to expand on how the spells interact with the enimies and surroundings not just this deals damage and this deals more damage.  I haven't finished the game yet but from what I played so far that is all I seen."
,Not Recommended,261760,29598075,Posted: 30 January,all,!FT!Marauder - In-Game - LIFE,"I'd hoped for a game that would live up to Might and Magic: Dark Messiah.... And I did not get it. Now I am a sad, hollow caricature of my previous hopeful self. This game killed my inner child. With a whiffle bat.Pros: Graphics and music are good, spell animations are neat, bosses are big and tough but easy once you figure out the fight. I liked the intro menu. The pre-rendered movies in the Steam store are great!Cons: Story got dull and I never cared about the characters. Since you only have three types of spells equiped, there's not a lot of variety. I found myself casting Necro, ice, fire.... in that order. On every enemy... for hours. Did I mention it's mostly the same enemies? Or slight varietions with the same boring attack patterns. AI? What AI?I kept waiting to feel like a total badass battlemage.Since it's single player, some ""ungodly awesome, eeeeeeevvvverything dies as you laugh manically"" spells would be awesome and would have made me feel like a total badass. Instead I felt like I was mixing concrete. Step 1, step 2, step 3, repeat.This sadly, is a C class game for an A class price. Skip it."
76561198098103442,Not Recommended,261760,31378771,Posted: 26 April,all,DeadlyHowl,"Not much of a variety of magic, you get about 5 different spells and the only customization is whether its a projectile or a beam, etc....Combat is rather boringNot much map freedom, follow this path while we explain the stroy-type of game"
,Recommended,261760,33766029,Posted: 24 July,all,Capt_Blakhelm,"I can recommend Lichdom: Battlemage with these caveats - A) Efficient Spellcrafting/usage has steep learning curve. B) Efficient spell crafting is time consuming, C) Entire segments will need to be repeated when you die. But long story short, this game uses the level design of Call of Duty campaigns, the first person magic usage of the Elder Scroll games, the loot system of Diablo, along with its own unique spellcrafting to make a nifty magic slinging FPS. It is a neat game, but the spell crafting is both is main attraction and most deterring feature.I was awaiting the release of Lichdom: Battlemage when it appeared in development some years ago - the available screenshots and videos where impressive thanks to it's use of the CryEngine. I could have SWORN this was a Kicstarter project, but I can't find any evidence of such, so maybe I've confused it with something else. Filled with vibrant particle effects, Lichdom can be a fireworks show of magical destruction while running perfectly smooth.Navigating the game requires going through fairly linear levels with the player engaging small to big groups of enemies or a boss single handedly. Thankfully, your magic use is basically unlimited and you have no need to worry about mana or cooldowns.Except for optional ""arenas"" to fight waves of enemies for loot and breaks in the action for story segments, the gameplay will remain the same, so there is no sort of platforming, puzzle solving, alternative mechanics and exploring is left to finding journal notes, hidden emblems, and small deposits of loots slight off the beaten path.Add to the fact the game has typical ""Modern shooter level design"" where you go fowards always and certain points in the level are ""convienently"" designed to not allow you to backwards, will turn off players looking for more than just running and shooting. The gameplay is walking > action > Story > walking > action > Story.The spell crafting is the biggest draw to this game, allowing you to shape an element into how it is casted and to augment it which determines how it acts in combat.In most other games featuring magic, this would have been done for you, but in L:B, you can determine if your flamethrower spell should deal direct damage with a chance to stagger or deal damage over time. Maybe you decide to make it a fire missle or lob (grenade-like) instead.The shield can be crafted to allow you to quick blink (dodge) up to three times in a row, or a long ranged charged blink.  I've always desired a magic crafting system similar to this, and how it is handled here makes sense to me, but can be confusing and daunting for some players.You carry up to 3 Sigils (elements) and each sigil has a Targeted/Ranged spell, an Area of Effect spell, and a personal Nova (Shield) spell to block/parry/reduce incoming damage.After you applly a shape (which is what determines what a spell looks like/travels) to a sigil (an element, like Fire, Ice, Lightning, Corruption, etc) you then need to give it an augment, which determines if the spell is Destruction-based, Control-based, or Mastery-based.Destruction as it sounds, causes damage and will sometimes have an added side effect such as staggering enemies. Control generally won't do direct damage to health, but instead have an effect on the target - so Ice will freeze enemies (though ""storing damage"" for Destruction spells- Imagine freezing something and then heatshotcking it Fire) and Corruption will infest the target with killer, homing bugs that release when the target is killed. Mastery applies a blue aura debuff to the target, which allow the target to take more damage and also can have side effects, such as slowing the target if using Ice Mastery. Hopefully, I've simplified it enough here, but you need to play the game or watch tutorial/guide content to get a grasp of how your spells will actually be effective.Thankfully, the developer added a ""Smart Upgrade"" system for those who don't wnat to deal with that, but I've never used it.Crafting a spell that gives you the effect you want feels great, but soon becomes a time consuming challenge when you try to figure out which spell combination works best for you and having to then upgrade parts of a spell and remove parts from unused spells as material to upgrade spells or to use in Reforge which can give you new items.Those who love to min/max loot in games like Diablo will love this system, which is often counter to the types of people who want a straight forward first person shooter. Spells upgraded to Unique Rariry can be synergized with other elements to make devestating spells such as tornadoes, golems, and black holes - but seem rare(I only have one unique in my playthrough thus far)Lichdom isn't a very long game (feels like a typical 6-10hr campaign), but I have yet to complete it because I've spent a combined 33+hrs in L:B trying to get my spells just right, and I haven't finished the game yet.I haven't completed it because the game isn't exactly hard (though on the hardest difficulty, became more annoying than fun and I turned it down a bit), but you can encounter moments where you lose most or all of your three Wards (magic shield protecting you from death) in seemingly unfair ""stunlock"" and ""lack of good cover"" situations. I like to complete ""short-ish"" games in just a few sittings, but the lengthy time spent crafting and the multiple times doing some sections of the game leads to moments where I just have to stop playing.I really like Lichdom: Battlemage, and I hope a successor to this game comes out that mixes spell crafting with first person action and improves on this games' faults. L:B finally resulted in Mixed reviews from Steam. Lichdom can work for you if you like wreaking havoc with magic spells in a first person style, or you like optimizing loot so you can have the best spells. But it's fault has turned off many gamers, which also makes a perfect game to wait for a sale or bundle."
,Recommended,261760,9599864,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Josh FiveSeven,"I totally get where the frustrated reviewers are coming from, but if those reviewers had had a little more knowledge going in, I think their experience would have been totally different.People who say the game is boring haven't figured out the spell mechanics. Imagine suspending an enemy tumbling head over heels in mid air, infecting him with bugs and a giant flying hive larva, freezing him solid, and then using pure kinetic energy to split him into a million pieces, at which point the bugs and flying hive emerge to attack the other helpless baddies you've already anchored to the ground as if they weigh the same as a small star. I think that fits the definition of a mage who's a total bad @$$. And that's just using 3 sigils 5 different ways (stuff you can do by the 3rd map). There are 8 sigils and 24 ways they can be used. Think of the possibilities!But to do crazy stuff like that (and oh so much more), you /have/ to figure out the spell mechanics.I've had Lichdom for years, am not a master of it, but still love it to death. And I have no patience for boring games. So I'd like to respond to a few common objections.Objection: I don't get how the spell system works. It's too complicated!Answer: You're right. You don't get it, and you're not suppossed to at first. The game is less a story driven set of interaction and more a story-augmented laboritory. It's designed for you to experiment. We'll come back to this idea later.Objection: My spells took out the first few enemies, now I'm hopelessly outgunned, even though I've gotten new sigils.Answer 1: Do not -- I repeat, do not -- use the Smart Inventory system. The developer released it after the game was already out because there were compaints about the complicated spell system. Pretty ironic since the Smart Inventory will almost definitely get you killed.Answer 2: The game expects you to create your magic /yourself./ You /need/ to start looking at spell damage amounts, critical multipliers, and mastery application/consumption. Lots of scary terms there? Read the journal, watch the ingame tutorials, and read on the Steam boards. I've even got ahandy crash course in spellcrafting. If you don't learn how to create your own spells, you're going to be outgunned pretty fast.Objection: The levels are way too long.Answer: Really? First, when was the last time you complained about a game being too long? Long is great! Second, and more importantly, the levels are designed to be long to give you time to experiment. Because time and experimentation are what you need. The long levels are a way to give you tons of time to experiment while also giving you a sense of progression.Objection: Not enough variety in mobs/they're repetative.Answer: You're right. There aren't that many different mob types. But that's not really the point of Lichdom. The magic of Lichdom isn't in stumbling on a huge sewer monster and defeating his unique rip-time-open-and-rain-down-plauge-infected-frogs-from-ancient-egypt attack. The magic is in crafting spells that can obliterate that monster. The actual obliteration process is just the final piece of that fun magic that starts with experimenting.So why all the negative reviews? What's happening is that people buy the game with the line ""the first game where the mage is a real bad @$$,"" then they get frustrated when they can't vaporize monsters right out of the box. Then, when they play more, they feel cheated because they got more spell parts and sigils, feel like they're having to spam fireballs, and things just keep getting harder. It seems like the mage isn't a bad @$$. He's monster bait!What those players didn't see was that Lichdom makes you work -- yes work -- to become a bad @$$ mage. But the work/learning curve is reasonable /if/ you're willing to play by the game's rules, which means you have to experiment and use your brain as you craft your magic arsenal. Accept early on that you can't win by playing the way you play /any/ other FPS. Lichdom takes patience, finesse, and (I kid you not) math. But the reward of watching as you rain down hundreds of thousands of points in fire damage on what, to lazy players who didn't learn spellcrafting, would be a terrifying, unassailable opponent is so worth it."
76561198079116773,Not Recommended,261760,16433497,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gilafax,Its fun for an about an hour untill you realize you've seen all the game has to offer.*Edit And why the hell is this still listed as $39.99??
