user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,262000,12640573,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"Gabriel Knightis one of those classic adventure games that has it all. At its core, a rich, engaging story involving voodoo, occult & sacrifice in New Orleans. Uncovering old family secrets & discovering your destiny. A cast of interesting, reoccuring characters full of personality. Mystery, murder, horror, star-crossed lovers & challenging puzzles. And off course, that black trenchcoat & that awkward southern accent! It's all been faithfully reproduced.The20th Anniversary edition, could be likened to a ""Director's Cut"". The full story is still there, nothing missed, but some things are remixed appearing at different days or points in the story. There is also a few new things added. This all up, adds some freshness for those familiar with the original '93 release. It plays well and the changes made seem logical, balancing out the gameplay & story arcs.Cutscenes deserve a special commendation. They're done in a comic style(frame-by-frame), beautifully done, almost popping out the screen at times. These added a lot of emotional impact to the story.AlthoughGabriel Knightis a fairly logical(by point-n-click adventure game standards), its still an old school design, so there is some strange logic at times, ultimately adding to the difficulty & forcing you to think creatively. There are clues throughout the dialog though(& your Journal), so its important to always pay attention, even if it seems to be irrelevant at the time. It's a deep, detailed story to explore. Finding the clues, and figuring it all out is well-paced & generally an enjoyable experience. Makes you want to explore everything just to make sure you don't miss anything!There is great(fully voiced)dialog along with some funny adult humor & sexual tension between Gabe & Grace/Malia to spice up some of the conversations too. Although the voice acting is top notch, Gabriel's voice did grind at me(along with Gabriel's unlikable persona)for the first 2-3 days(in-game episodes). I got used to the voice eventually, and persona-wise this does change over the course of the 10 day episodes the game is split into. I though the creole narrator was particulary good, although if you don't like it you can turn her off.When you add the combination of the excellent remastered soundtrack(changes per location), along with the gorgeous highly detailed painted artwork, to the top voice acting, it creates an immersive experience with a unique ambience to every scene. I found myself just sitting back sometimes, taking it all in before progressing in the story.Most of the scripted animations were well done, although I found the animations for Gabriel a bit stiff at times when moving around a scene. It wasn't terrible, but it was noticable. You can also see clipping issues from time to time or the odd glitch.Interface was clear & functional and there is a limited hint system. It was nice to be able to double click to 'teleport' to a point. Click the exit to the scene just gently fades out was a smooth touch too. There is also a lot of content to sink you teeth into, for me it too around 25hrs to figure everything out to complete the 10 days & all achievements(although I am sure you can do it much faster!).Feels like a lot of care was taken to get this right. This is a quality, story-rich supernatural point-n-click adventure, honoring the spirit of the original. It reintroducesGabriel Knightto a whole new generation of gamers, while bringing back fond memories for many older gamers.I really enjoyed the entire experience. Highly recommended!(PS - Hope this leads to the sequels getting the same 'Anniversary' treatment sometime in the future!)If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,262000,18652539,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,innocent sibylian ♠,"I have never bought a game from Steam as instantly as I bought this, and at full price to boot. This is how fantastic GK (and the whole series, really) is.Periodically I would look up old point-and-clicks I used to play, or search desperately through new releases in this genre, and with every point-and-click adventure I'd find and play to limited satisfaction, I'd mutter to myself, ""why can't I find something like Gabriel Knight?""Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers is my favorite game. Like, I'm saying of *all time* here. I attribute this to Jane Jensen and her team's wonderful storywriting skills: You will not find a point-and-click game anywhere else with more story and lore than this one. It is literally *the* game to beat in terms of this genre.This anniversary edition does wonderful justice to the original; revised just enough to keep up with a more modern market, while still keeping the same fantastic atmosphere of the original. I could not recommend a game more.Thank you for re-releasing my favorite game, I am so overcome with excitement I've lost my eloquence! <3 JUST BUY IT ALREADY"
,Recommended,262000,12506901,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Tighfield,"Point n' click adventure games are making a return into the gaming industry! I loved the 1993 version and I love this version too. Jane Jensen wants to do more Gabriel Knight games and she has my support on it. The graphics are beautiful, even though you can spot the occassional clipping or the weird way people walk. The dialogue is as humorous as it was originally. They couldn't get the original voice actors, but they did a good job nonetheless. I am really digging the new interface and how much easier it is to do what needs to be done. The music in this game was done by Robert Holmes. If you don't know who he is, you have no taste in music. The music sets the stage for this gloomy game. But for what it's worth, this is a great game."
,Recommended,262000,12716620,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chevette,"I enjoyed this game a lot, though not as much as I did the original. That may have been because it was new and unexpected 20 years ago and now I knew what was going on and what was going to happen. My review will be sort of colored by that.I think the atmosphere felt more sinister, tense, and mysterious in the original. This one doesn't carry the same weight it did. The graphics are terrific, but I think the very fact that they are so visible tends to make them less ominous. Some of the new puzzles are annoying, though they are not totally out of place. I still hate mazes in Adventure games, but this one can be forgiven because ALL adventure games had mazes back in the day (or it seemed so).The voice acting is very good and I enjoyed most of it.I can easily recommend this one very highly to people who have already played it and to those who haven't. I had a ball."
,Recommended,262000,15216628,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dalek,"Finally 20 years later I could finish the story! That bugged puzzle that never allowed me to progress in the story was changed in this version :)This remastered edition it's great, loved to play this again (and finish) after so many years :)"
,Recommended,262000,12537242,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Tempus Two,"It makes me a happy person to be playing this.  Aside from a few little bugs here and there, I consider this to be a pretty damn good remake."
,Recommended,262000,31155279,Posted: 15 April,all,cardinalgray,"90s classic point-n-click adventure brought back to life with lots of love and lack of budget. First hour of my playthrough was almost painful and I felt close to a rage-quit after the mime puzzle. However, story and characters kept me engaged and in a couple of hours I was deeply in love with this game. I barely remember original Gabriel Knight, but remake feels very precise, sometimes even too precise - some jokes and themes from 1993 look a bit weird in 2017. However, it is a great way to experience one of the best golden age adventure games almost as it was, disregarding visual polish. Animations and voiceovers look and sound terrible sometimes, though. But there is some kind of magic that keeps you interested and deeply connected to the story and characters. I would definitely love to see other games from the series remade and hope this will happen some day."
76561198007910473,Recommended,262000,12562920,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,GR1ML0CK,"Was not disappointed in this revamp of the best adventure game ever made. Made things better without making anything worse. Anyone complaining about movement delays and stiffness, must not play many point and click games, because they generally all run like this. This wasn't a big deal or very noticable. I though the loss of the original voice track would be bad but again wasn't even all that noticable and all the new voice actors did very well. Saw someone complain that the New Gabriel was just trying to sound like Tim Curry, but for one would you want the new Gabe to sound like the old Gabe, and two it's a Gabriel Knight voice not a Tim Curry voice. Tim Curry who is british was doing a Gabirel Knight voice for the original, same as the new actor."
76561198018952606,Recommended,262000,12507474,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Obi,"I'm 13 again!  I miss the original voice actors but anyone who is looking to relive a great memory from their childhood would have a great time with this and of course any newcomers who enjoy the point and click adventure/puzzle genre will love this classic piece set in 1990's New Orleans, Louisianna.  Do yourself a favor and pick this one up!"
76561198037921568,Not Recommended,262000,14137036,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cantstopdrew,"Gabriel Knight, in all his chauvanistic and cheesy glory, returns in this 20th Anniversary Edition of Sins of the Fathers.  Since adventure games are having something of a reinassance these last few years, I was hoping one of my old favorites would survive the remake transition.  This return to New Orleans is not without its charm and the gameplay system has welcome hint integration, but the overall execution is lacking.The biggest issue stems from the new voice cast.  Since CD games were a fresh novelty in the early '90s some ringers from stage and cinema hopped onboard to see what the fuss was about.  This resulted in an interesting mix of seriocomic vocal perormances from the likes of Tim Curry and Mark Hamill.  The voices in the remake turn the cheese factor up considerably to the point where it detracts from the tension built into the dialogue.  The laughs from the original came from a welcome break in the tension, not because Gabriel's accent sounds like a awkward college student pretending to be someone else.The character models are also a bit off.  Their movements are really stilted, coming across more as PSX-era Clock Tower quality animations.  They don't fare much better up close as each portrait looks like they've got a constant case of the jitters.  Yes, people don't stand perfectly still when they talk, but they also don't have minor convulsions like they all had the same strong espresso in the morning.  No one's eyes line up when they speak, heightening the disconnect from the characters and scenario.  One of the things I loved about the original was the way the conversation switched to the two characters having a dialogue straight into the player's eyeline from the monitor to engage them in conversation.Jane Jensen's story still works great, and while Gabriel Knight is even more of a anachronistic character than he was when he debuted, is still charming enough to guide through the story.  Gameplay-wise, there are additions positive and negative to the core adventure system.  In the big positive corner is a hint book that runs alongside the game and disperses guidance as the player needs, providing more specific solutions depending on the scenario.  It's not perfect, and there are some notable glitches with what actions go where toward the end of the game, but it's a nice way to integrate appreciation for adventure gamer's of all skill levels.  Less effective is how the player can now hit Space Bar to put a text box over everything that can be interacted with on any given screen.  For pixel hunts it's a godsend, for screens where there is just a lot of flavor dialogue to peruse it's a nightmare.  It transforms the pleasing background environments into a text adventure and disrupts more of the careful flow.Overall it wasn't worth the price of admission.  It's not bad, just buffed to near-perfection in some areas and left lackluster in the rest."
,Recommended,262000,17863604,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,heleanthia,"I really enjoyed this new version so much!  The graphics made it much easier to become immersed in this epic, heroic tale.. Jane Jensen has exceeded herself...I am hoping now for a Gabriel Knight game Number 4!"
76561198048129138,Recommended,262000,21596185,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Dev/Null,"Ahhh.....Gabriel Knight. One of my favorite games of the 90s and definitely one of Sierra's best games.Gabriel Knight is a novelist and owner of St. George's Rare Books in New Orleans. He's in the middle of writing a new book about the recent string of Voodoo related murders. The writer, Jane Jensen of Sierra fame, did a particularly good job of representing the city of New Orleans and it's vibrant history, and the story itself still holds up well after 20+ years.It was a little disappointing that they couldn't get Tim Curry to reprise his role as the voice of Gabriel, but I'm sure he was a little too expensive for Pinkerton Road to even consider, let alone the likes of Mark Hamill and Michael Dorn. The actor they got to voice Gabriel in the remake did a commendable job and kept the original style of southern charmer and womanizer, and a few chuckles can be found by using the hand and eye icons on most of the female characters in the game.While the 3D rendering of the remake brings new life to the game(and it is beautiful), it's a little disappointing to an old school gamer like myself. See, back in the day, adventure games were much more complex and unforgiving. The high resolution textures take the challenge away of having to find a tiny object in the sea of 256 color pixelation of the original.The puzzles are challenging and require that you pay attention to the information you're gathering from extensive conversations with the various characters in the game. You can't just fumble through this one. if you try, you'll likely be backktracking often or finding yourself using a walkthrough (anyone else remember old Sierra hint books?) to use a walkthrough in later parts of the game. Fortunately for me, I played through this game several times and actually remembered much of what was required to have the game move forward.If you want to see where the great adventure games of today got their inspiration from, buy this game and support Jane Jensen's new operation. Then maybe one day the Sierra of old shall return. Nah...scratch that. Just stay small and independent and avoid those buyouts so you can continue to breath new life into the genre.Now Steam just needs to release Gabriel Knight 2: The Beast Within, but not a remake. It's perfect just the way it is."
,Recommended,262000,12508324,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,JubsV1,One of my favorite games of all time.
,Not Recommended,262000,12625870,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,jamie havok,"This is compltely dumbed down from the original! If a location isnt strictly neccessary to go to to solve a puzzle to progress to the next day it it locked to you, so you cant go to the drug store, the voodoo museum or gabriel's grandmas house on day 1 like you could originally. why?? having only a few small locations to explore at once just ruins the depth and immersion. The tape recorder has been replaced with a hint ridden journal even with hints off, and it even highlights dialogue choices to tell you want to say to proceed! The only thing thats better in this version is the music.  Still play the original agan which can still be had legally fromwww.gog.com"
76561198011984677,Recommended,262000,23425625,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,BraastadXO,"When I was growing up, I kept playing SOL-games. My father loved them so he kept purchasing new titles as they came out. I thoroughly loved all of Larry, Police Quest, Kings Quest, Quest for Glory and Conquests.When Gabriel Knight hit the shelves, I was hooked. Never have I been so immersed in a story, or so hooked on an adventure-game. I hold the original as one of the top games I have ever played, regardless of genre.Naturally I was psyched when I learned about the anniversary-remake, but had mixed feelings. The last thing I wanted to do was to taint my precious memories.I feel they did everything right. The kept to the original as much as possible, whith a few twists and added puzzles here and there, but nothing that ruined the pace of the game. This was a worthy remake. Graphics and music included.The Gabriel Knight theme still, to this day, give me chills and goosebumps.This game is recommended both for returning oldies like myself and new ones that are used to much more updated graphics than the one from the 90's."
,Recommended,262000,12510149,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,lotanam,"This is a solid and enjoyable adventure game and the remastering of a classic. It's interesting, beautiful and a lot of fun. I'd recommend it to fans of the original as well as new players.People seem to be a bit consumed by nostalgia and were ready to rip into this new version, but the negative feedback is without ground at times. The voice acting is much improved over the original, especially the awful Tim Curry with his broken-down accent. Scenes are beautiful, and although the composition is problematic at times, it doesn't really detract from the experience.There are some glitches, but they are minor."
,Recommended,262000,12559166,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,jjsidhu23,Fantastic remake of the original with a strong sense of what made the original so great. The rework of the graphics and attention to detail makes this a must buy for anyone who played the original. There's obviously some caveats - as an example the voice acting wasn't remastered so the voices aren't the same as you'd remember them due to new voice actors. Everything is well within reason though and I'd recommend this to anyone who likes adventure games at all. The story still lives up to what I remembered 20 years ago which is amazing.
76561198090477714,Recommended,262000,33251370,Posted: 4 July,all,Jenni B.,"This was one of my very first adventure games when I was a kid. I used to make my parents rent this from the video store (back then you could rent PC games). Anyway, I really loved the original Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Father. The story was so rich, gritty and romantic. I played that game so much that the playthrough had been burnt into my memory. I was super excited that it was going to be remade, and lo and behold, it was JUST like the original. I mean, everything played exactly the same. (Of course it's not completely the same without the big name voice actors the original had - but the new cast does a solid job for the limited budget this remade had.) I still recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good point and click adventure. The story is really good, and the characters grow on you in a big way. If you played the original - you might want to grab this just for a walk down memory lane - but there isn't really anything new story-wise. I got 100 percent completion 20 years later from memorizing the same exact game. That's how much I loved this game in the first place. :) Was still a lot of fun and I appreciate the attention this old treasure got.Update: I read some negative reviews complaining about the graphics and stuff of this game. The original game was very cutting edge back in the day (animation, voice acting, etc)...so it's hard to re-capture what was felt back then in a remake with today's standards. This is a low budget remake of a 20+ year old game that's one of the grand-daddys of a genre that's pretty much dead (point and click). Don't expect Witcher III."
,Recommended,262000,12819823,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"I would recommend you not to read too much about the game. Play the demo first, it's a good representation.If you, after completing the demo find the game interesting and, want to continue your experience I would suggest that you back up your saves, before the purchase, because Steam will just delete it all upon installation of the full game.I was a bit sceptical about the game at first, especially in regards to the new boy'ish look of Gabriel Knight and this silly southern voice that is being used, but also in regard to the changes of design. It took me awhile to get past that change and I was just barely ahead of it at the end of the demo.Truth be told I was never really a fan of the GK series even though I tried my hand with all them in their own time with a declining interest, that was completely gone after five minutes with GK3. I generally despised the Sierra Adventure games, because they were so dull, traditionally old-school and unforgiving somehow compared to the humorous and creative Lucasarts Adventure games I loved.I am glad to see that Pinkerton Studios have gotten a much better hold on the game engine that severely scarred the previous Mobius game. Gone are the wandering eyes and jittery animations.. There is still a few minor flaws, but much less than before. There is also lip-syncing and it works surprisingly well.I read quite a lot of reviews about the game, the good, bad and ugly, because I was a bit lukewarm about GK, but I was curious and played the demo first and even though this new version isn't quite the same high-caliber version as the original it's not a bad game, not a bad game at all, but it's clearly not a total remastery of the old game, since they've changed the voice actors. Even though I was quite resentful of the voice of Gabriel Knight in the beginning it kind of grew on me and the accent is also more downplayed as the game goes on. The rest of the voice cast is pretty decent.My only real complaint about the game is the background Music - it's bloody horrible and totally out of place with the spirit of the game unlike the game music during cutscenes which is very well done. I was about ready to quit before the demo even got started, because of it, but I hit a key to skip the intro credits and turn off the music, which saved the day.There is a new hint system in the game, but unfortunately it's neither very intelligent nor progress based. The few times I needed it I was way ahead of the hint system and had to wait for the hints to catch up to my point of progress, because of build-in timer, that I assume has been put in place to avoid that you spoil yourself too much and even then it was extremely rare that it was useful at all. At one point it was completely useless and I had to Google for a solution, because I got a bit ahead of myself and was unable to pick up on a vital clue on how to unlock an important puzzle.There were times when I was a bit lost about my next move, because the game is a bit short of a narrative and there is a certain amount of things that you need to solve before the day ends, which isn't very clear, but the first hint of each day usually give you a list of to-do's of the day. I do not recommend using the hint system at all, because the game is actually quite short.I saw a reviewer complaining about the same animations being played every time you leave an area, but that's kind of a silly point, because you can use fast-travel everywhere. You don't have to leave any area by going to an exit point at all, because you can bring up the map at any point, which is really nice, but unfortunately Gabriel Knights current location isn't highlighted on the map at all.. Sometimes I went to places where I was already.. The same teleportation system in Mobius has transferred to GK1 as well, but there are times when you need someone to follow you that it backfires.There is still a bit of the old ghost of Sierra's unforgiving gameplay present, but the good news is that there has been added a RETRY option for those special events.I finished the game in 15 hours and I am actually a bit surprised that I had a such a good time with it. Jane Jensen was a much better writer twenty years ago, but she also had a co-writer on GK1, and that part still stands.Settings:Gameplay:Narrator Off, Hints On, Subtitles: On, Tutorials: Off, Language: English.Audio:Master: On, Music: Off, SFX: On, Voices: On.Graphics:Display: Beautiful - Resolution: 1920x1200 - Anti-aliasing: 4 - (+Morphological AA: On (AMD))"
76561198016977238,Recommended,262000,23669909,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kardos,"Its one of the best adventure games I've ever played (and I've played my fair share of adventures).Unfortunately I did not have the opportunity to play the original Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers 20 years back but this edition is really amazing!!Buy it without second thought.The atmosphere, graphs, characters, sounds, everything is amazing while still retaining the old ""golden age"" feeling.Highly recommended."
76561198071390745,Recommended,262000,12580153,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Kat,"I loved the first version and I love the new one as well. This is how an adventure game should be: interesting characters that grow on you, good puzzles, rich story, beautiful graphics. I hope their next game will be more like this one and less than Moebius. Very recommended."
76561198023019965,Not Recommended,262000,24325009,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Pablo,"I was afraid something like this would happen when playing a 20th anniversary edition... Gabriel Knight: Sins of the fathers was the first adventure from Gabriel (the Shadowhunter) in 1993 and the first game created by Jane Jensen.At the time it was a fantastic game, it was one of the first games to include a dark subject, not exactly suited for kids, not because of the violence or blood (that was something that other games always had) but also because of the dark, dramatic, almost ghotic nature of the main story and characters. Something different at the time (and still to this day) was the research that jane did for these games, mixing historical facts, real places,  with of course a good dose of fiction to create her own story, and not just an historical retelling. It was always fun (and amazing) to go looking for these places after finishing the game, and see how much of the real world was put into the story. For me the most amazing story of all that jane had created was the one for Gabriel Knight: the Beast within, the second game, about the legend of king Ludwig II and Richard Wagner.This game, Sins of the fathers, was the first story of the series, and has all the great elements that were expanded in the later adventures of Gabriel. The 20th anniversary edition keeps this story , but at the same time tries to update the game engine, the graphics, sound and even some gameplay elements to make it more accesible to the current generation of gamers...This is one review where i'm having a difficult time with the steam system for reviews...you can't always either recommend or don't recommend a game...there are gray areas...and to recommend a game is not the same as liking a game...In this case, for Gabriel Knight, i will say that i like the game, meaning, i like the original game back when i played it 20 years ago and what it meant to me and to players at the time it camed out... That same game (the story) is still here in this 20th anniversary ed, and i'm glad i have a version compatible with current systems and accesible online (installing the old CD version is a pain...)But...aside from that, to be honest this new version is... while it looks better than the original that camed out in 1993 (of course!)...the one from 1993 was more polished and had greater graphics and sound (for that time) and this version from 2014 actually has worst graphics (for a 2014 game). So the problem here is that, what the creators of the game tried to do was (i think) do a new version with updates that make it more appealing to ""current generation"" of gamers but at the same time not changing too much and keep enough things to still make it appealing to the ""old generation"" of gamers that played the game in 1993...and the result is one game that it's not really appealing to either one of them...The graphics for this version are updated of course, they are better than 1993, but they are pretty bad for a 2014 game, and even though they are noticeable improved from the previous game of the company (Moebius) they still have several problems: the animation itself is low quality, badly animated and there are bugs like the spinning head problem (where a character in game starts spinning the head like a possesed doll) and it happens all the time, also the characters appears and dissappear when closing a door or leaving a room..the backgrounds for the game are nice...and just that, but they are far from scary or moody or anything, they simply are sterile.... The characters closeup portraits are fare better in comparison, but honestly the 2014 Gabriel version... (the most important character) seems more like a teens pop star than a shadow hunter. His hair still has that 1990s volume that was so common back in the day... but now by today standards it just seems wrong (and funny!)... that's precisely one of the things that has to be changed in 2014 if you want your character to be taken seriously...the dialogues....and the voice actors...the dialogues are too much for a 2014 game....meaning too much lines of everything...yeah...for me it was interesting to have all (or most) of the original dialogues...as a collection curiosity...but for 2014 is overkill, (even if the important dialogues are being colored in yellow) the world has changed, people has shorter attention span, and also the way stories are presented today has changed...it's not worst, it's just different, you can still put a big story like the one from Gabriel Knight in 2014, you just have to make some changes to make the thing work...it's not about caring or not caring for the original game, it is about making something that has better flow of narrative, (and again, you are trying to make a new game that will appeal to current gamers)About the new voice casting, they are doing a fine job at that...but it's not at the level of the original cast of 1993 with Tim curry, Mark Hamill and Leah Remini. Of course it would be impossible to get the original actors for different reasons (too expensive!) and also the low quality recordings (as for using the original material) so it's no surprise there but that's one thing you have to consider if trying to redo the original game...The only ""updated"" element that i think is actually better on this version, is the music, wich is done almost all over again by the original composer/producer of the game, Robert Holmes, and it is great, even if it just sticks to the original themes, it does show and advantage over the old version and it sounds great.So my review for Gabriel Knight is that,i like the game, because of the original one that i played in the 90s, the story is still there,but i don't recommend the gamebecause i don't see this being interesting in 2014.The problem is if you are going to do a new version of an old game...you have to make it attractive for 2014... and make all the necessary changes...yeah...the fans are gonna be mad...well, this is not for the fans, a new version is for the new players.As it is, this version is only appealing to the original players of the series, like myself, but no so much to current generation. If you are doing it for the original players of the game only, then just make minimal changes, update only the things that can be updated without changing the core of the original, the things that make the game be what it is (like the Another World 20th anniversary ed wich is nice) and be clear that you are making a product that its more an historical piece of gaming than a ""new game"" wich it isn't.I know by now many people that love the game must hate me, but i will say that, there's no point in redoing and old game from another era if there's no possibility of doing it right... The translation from 1993 to 2014 in this case, and for different technical/artistic reasons had many elements lost in the process (or changed for worst), and i very much prefer to see a new game by jane jensen and a new story than a 20th anniversary edition....N/A"
,Recommended,262000,31916990,Posted: 23 May,all,Mithras O_+,"An absolute classic point and click game, now beautifully remasteredPros:>Easy and simple controlls, interface and gameplay>Fantastic sounds, music and voice acting>Great Story>Graphics, game has had everything re-drawn in stunning HD.Cons:>Difficulty, some of the puzzles can be really hard but there is a hint system that helps out before you surrender to walkthroughs.Overall one of the best point and click games of all time 9/10"
,Recommended,262000,29198317,Posted: 11 January,all,Serieus,"I remember pre-ordering the original Gabriel Knight 20 years ago or more.  I loved it and this remake is absolutely great.  It's not perfect, but it's definitely worthwhile to play either for nostalgic purposes or if this is your first time.  Gabriel Knight is investigating voodoo murders occurring in New Orleans with his friend Moseley who works for the police.  Gabriel is working on a book about the occult.  However, it turns out that the occult is much more real than he had imagined.  You follow Gabriel, Moseley, and many other wonderful characters from New Orleans to other places around the world.  The story is top notch and still holds very well in today's world of entertainment.Here's what I didn't like about it.  It is an EXACT replica of the original, but with enhanced sound, graphics, and new voices (which some will gripe about).  This means that the very ridiculously tough puzzles such as knowing exactly what to play on the rada drums at the end of the game still persist.  I wish they had remastered it, but with enhancements to the issues it had.  There are many graphical glitches, though not too serious.  Overall, a wonderful experience though.  Proves that adventure gaming is definitely not dead, it just needs a great storyline to go along with the rest of the game to make it in today's market."
76561198022259400,Recommended,262000,33378326,Posted: 8 July,all,4tek,"I remember playing the original Gabriel Knight Sins of the Fathers back in the 90's when I was going to school. At the time the first game came out, it was pretty much an instant classic. Jane Jensen did an incredible amount of research to put together a very intriguing story using real locations. Not only that, but somehow Sierra was able to assemble an all-star voice-acting cast for the game.So how does this remake compare to the original? I would suggest overall very favorably. The story and locations haven't changed at all... for those that played the original and remember, this remake is completely loyal in this regard. What has changed? Basically this game has gone through a graphics overhaul to bring it on par with current point-and-click adventures. In other words, cleaner and sharper graphics. Some very minor changes and additions have been made, but nothing that detracts from the story in any way. An example of this is the addition of an alley behind the police station. If anything, these changes help to improve the atmosphere of the game.This of course brings about the big question about the voice acting. I suspect the main reason why the original work didn't carry over was due to licensing and royalty issues. Instead the developers recast the script with voice-actors from the gaming industry. From comments that I have seen, for many purists this has been an issue. However after watching some clips of the original GK:SOF and comparing it to the remake, the overall quality of the voie acting is actually very close in my opinion.Overall I consider this to be a decent remake worthy of a play-through.Verdict: Recommended"
,Recommended,262000,12567167,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"Gabriel Knight - Sins of the Father has such a fantastic dectective noir story that this was always worthy of a remake in my mind.The remake has solid voice acting, a few additonal puzzles (some welcome, others not so much.)If you never played the original then I reccomened this version fully, Jane Jenson worked on this remake and she was able to fix many issues the original game had. A few game killing bugs and oversights finally worked into the fail states they were supposed to be. It's funny, genuinely scary at times and is a hell of a rewarding puzzler. It all links together, every detail of the cases you uncover feels rewarding and making progress can become addicitive to see what happens next.The game is set in old New Orleans (some of these landmarks have been destroyed since Hurricane Katrina) where Gabriel is helping his friend who is a Cop investigate local Voodoo murders.For new adventure gamers this is a required history lesson as it's one of the greatest ever made and the story stands up strong today. Some of the suggestive dialogue (regarding Gabriels sexlife) are to this day still taboo compared to other games. Fully Reccomended."
76561198031679608,Recommended,262000,12509654,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Trauma85,If you are a fan of point and click type of games then you should definitely play it. It is worth it.
,Recommended,262000,12674884,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,UltimaCJ,"Best.Adventure.Game.Ever.This game held true to the original in everyway.  The new interface took sometime to getting use to if you've played the original.  If you haven't played the original, you've missed out on one the GREATEST games of all time.  To those new to the GK series, I HIGHLY recommend this title, you'll be introduced to a story you'll never forget.  Afterwards, I suggest you get the 1993 original masterpiece.The voice overs were very good overall and some could have used some touch and empashis, but it's hardly a negative in comparsion to the original.I am glad Jane Jensen brought this title back to light, it gives me hope that a Gabriel Knight IV will come to us long awaited fans.Why are you still reading this review?  ADD TO CART NOW!11/10"
76561198262080096,Recommended,262000,22490085,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"Everything has already been said. This is a solid point&click, the beginning of the best adventure series ever (along with Broken Sword).I liked two other parts more, but you cannot fully appreciate them without playing Sins of the Fathers.Go get 'em Wolf!"
76561198049787407,Recommended,262000,12559050,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Smarmy Mormon Jesus,"- technically the biggest concern are the animations - very stiff and slow, especially there is a delay when starting moving gabriel around - also skipping dialogues sometimes is done in fast forward skipping the next sentences as well, this can really use a patch-The voice Actor for Gabriel Knight appears too be tring too mimic tim curry- Non of the Orginal Voice actors no Mark Hamil, Tim Curry-The Character Redisigns are pretty bad not ugly, Inferior to the extremly detailed artwork of the Orginal-All the diolague is the same this would be a good thing but hereing the same exact diolague it gets pretty boring and outdated-The Comic Book Cutscenes are distracting and sometimes pop out of nowhere+Simply a Beautfull game faithfull till the end+Possible chance for a offical Gabriel Knight 4 now+A new way of intruducing a classic to the new generation+Some of the Voice are truly great+Classic puzzles return or have a new twist to them+Music though the exactly the same from the orginal , all have awsome rearrangements+Mimes"
,Recommended,262000,12546391,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,mrjustaguy,"Excellent game, the only bad part is the new voice acting, but nothing that prevents you to like the game."
,Recommended,262000,12562116,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Death God,Good classic adventure games have a great remake the only problem is a small bug like slow animation and the voice actor is not the same as the classic. over all this is still a great games to play. hope the other series got a remake or remaster version to.
,Recommended,262000,12569596,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Vollach,"Just finished the game, all I can say is I really loved it, despite some frustrating parts, it's a highly recommended game for any adventure gamer."
,Recommended,262000,30970982,Posted: 5 April,all,monimen,"Excellent Remake , Great Adventure game !"
76561198040634675,Recommended,262000,17590672,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Minya,"For all intents and purposes, this is an excellent remake of a great game. A true gem among them.The graphics are great, the overall gameplay and not to mention the remastered soundtrack.I absolutely love it all, except for one thing, and one thing only:What the actual fudge is wrong with Gabriel's voiceactor? Seriously? He sounds like an old drunkard on prozac, attempting to be Tim Curry, completely failing and totally crashes and burns on impact. WHY, oh why would you attempt on a Tim Curry-impression and getting away with it turning out as bad as this? Jeez. *facepalm*Don't get me wrong, I totally recommend playing this game both if you've never, ever played it and if you, like me, spent hours on end playing the original.It's totally worth cringing each time you hear Gabriel speak XD"
76561198145660758,Recommended,262000,12523092,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dead Rosencrantz,"Man, 1993 has never looked so good.Being a fan of the original game, I just had to buy this re-mastered edition.  For the most part, this game delivers promises in spades.  The graphics look good, the music is as brooding as I can remember, and the story is just as engaging as I can remember.If I had to pick a complaint, it would be that the voice acting isn't quite as good as the original.  I just can't get behind this Gabriel as much as Tim Curry's Gabriel.  Then again, I certainly realize that those voice actors would cost quite a bit and undoubtedly don't sound the same.With that said, if you're a fan of the original I strongly recommend you check this version out.  If you played the original when it came out, then prepare to enjoy a bit of nostalgia, and then feel old."
,Recommended,262000,27161939,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,feduccini,"23 years on, this one still got the best story I've ever seen in a game. It's amazing how a well written plot can bring you much better sense of immersion than a triple A all budgeted horror game that relies on jump scares and hordes of enemies. Nowadays the best stories I've seen are usually on indie games, but none of them as good as this one by Jane Jensen."
,Recommended,262000,34285340,Posted: 16 August,all,Pakkidis,The Good:A faithful remake to the original game. Gabriel Knight holds up as one of the better old school sierra point and click adventure games. The updated hd graphics are well done and the inclusion of a hint system should make things a bit easier for beginners.The Average:+/- The voice acting for Gabriel can be a bit jarring+/- Some puzzles are hard even with the hint systemConclusion:Overall a great point and click adventure game and still holds up well.
76561197961321428,Recommended,262000,12567266,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,StGeorge,"As a big fan of the original series, this game was like greeting an old friend again. Everything is faithfully recreated, but it's also extremely approachable for any fan of adventure gaming in general. The story is top-notch, comparable to a very good novel.What I liked is that they balanced out the activities in each of the days, so that each day you have a clear set of objectives and a few side objectives. The voice acting is solid but admittedly not as exciting as the first game which featured heavyweight voice talents like Tim Curry, Mark Hamill and Leah Remini (before she was famous!).For people who have played prior games from Pinkerton (Moebius) or Phoenix (Cognition), this game shows some progression by the development team. The animations are now done using motion-capture so they are not as offensive as the ones from those games. The engine is still not quite as good as the old Sierra engine was, and responsiveness can be a bit slow as times. But overall it is not a major distraction.This is the best way to jump into the series at this point, and to relive a piece of gaming history. Highly recommend, can't go wrong with this game if you have any love of engaging stories, crime solving, supernatural and history - this is the game for you."
76561198023221061,Recommended,262000,12501911,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Myst,"I agree with main character voice acting problem, this one slightly annoying, the first one was so much better. But the game seems authentic nevertheless and i think the gameplay was improved (made easier, yes, but improved) there is not much classic point-and-click games being made and im glad that some of my favorite games make a comeback. So buy it support the dying indusrty, im sure you will enjoy the game"
,Recommended,262000,28229201,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hitman,"This is a JEWEL. One of the best adventure games ever. I really appretiate that Jane Jensen and her team of developers made this 20th anniversary of the game. I just hope they will continue with creating beautiful games and hopefully with a remake of gabriel knight 2 (maybe) but definitely i want to see gabriel knight 3.The game is great, it is new but still the old one, upgraded with everything better and more beautiful. I recommend it to anyone. It's a legendary game such as Monkey Island. Must play."
76561197971048918,Recommended,262000,29158453,Posted: 10 January,all,Mike007,"This is my favorite game of all time.It has one of the strongest story lines of any games ive ever played. A big call i know, but its really that good - specifically how the story of vodoo and Gabriels family past as a 'shattenjagger' unfolds, and then how this plays out through GK2 and GK3Also it was the first games to make me intersted in a real life place, New Orleans - i cant wait to go there one day and visit the locations within the game one day.Lastly this remake is a must for any fan of the original to see the new art / locations and sounds, just to hear the Jane Jensen interview within the game - my first and last video game dev crush.   ;)Thank you to the devs & Sierra for remaking this classic game!"
,Recommended,262000,31516392,Posted: 2 May,all,Forked Peestream,"If you missed out on the Golden Ave of point and click adventure games, do buy this game. Excellent story, beautiful and immerse setpieces and great voice acting make this a game worth playing for sure. The character animations are painfully slow at times and there were a few bugs (one of which, towards the end of the game, was game breaking) but bearing with these issues is a small price to pay for a great story-rich experience. The bonus audio interviews were neat as well. 9/10"
,Recommended,262000,31851875,Posted: 19 May,all,Greg,"I came to this edition having played the original about 3 times in the 90s. The new voices made me crazy for about the first half of the game, but then I got used to them, and they're really quite good. Visually, they did a great job of refreshing the game without reinventing it. If you're new to Gabriel Knight, I'd say you're not missing anything by playing this remake instead of the 1994 version except Tim Curry, Leah Remini, Mark Hamill and Michael Dorn."
,Recommended,262000,31127448,Posted: 13 April,all,PaullieeTV,"Paulliee TVGabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers is one of the greatest Point N Click adventure games ever made, So this remake has a lot to live up to and for me this is the best remake of any Point N Click game so far, it truly lives up to expectations and even exceeds them in many areas, the artwork all the way down to the dialogue and music is just superbIs is a must buy game that truly puts the classic series back into the modern era10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwp1-vl7tVQ"
76561197971749573,Recommended,262000,12616181,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jadefalcon,"Okay, I have to admit to having played to death the original Gabriel Knight games, well at least the first 2, the third just never grabbed me due to a clumsy control system and ugly graphics, decent story though.The first game was one of those adventure gaming classics if you were, like me, of a certain age.  It was, and indeed still is a pretty dark game.  Bringing in ritualistic murder with voodoo trappings and a story of... ah, I won't spoil it.The major complaint some people had with the game before this remake was even made was that the original voice actors were not available.  Let's face it, 20 years on they probably wouldn't have sounded the same, though the first time I heard Gabes voice I tried not to think of Tim Curry and it was a bit jarring at first but either I quickly got used to it or his voice settled down.  Whoever replaced Charity James as Grace Nakimura did an admirable job though she doesn't quite have the snark.A nice touch is that in every scene you can look at an 'archive', like a production section and there are things like a comparison shot of the old version of the game with the new section, concept drawings, a few video interviews.The game interface is a little less clumsy than the original Sierra interface and overall I thoroughly enjoyed it.  When talking to a character the close up portraits are nice, though I think Magentia Moonbean looks a bit younger than the game suggests.It's not perfection, there are certain characters you could visit freely before like Grandma that are only accessible after a certain day and a couple of silly little puzzles, but if you're an adventure fan I recommend this."
,Recommended,262000,12531533,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,NawwafA,This Game is all about story telling and great music thanks to Jane Jensen and Robert Holmes
,Recommended,262000,12581736,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,DracoMalus,"Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition  is a faithful recreation of the original classic. It has the same great story with some added content (including one exceptionally reworked scene). It has the same great setting with colorful and moody environments.  It has the same great cast of characters with all new, and mostly well done, voice actors (yes I miss Curry and Hamill and Remini but these new guys are just fine).   Lastly this version has a far superior soundtrack in both quality and composition.If you have played the original you will enjoy this remakeIFyou can set your nostalgia aside and take this game for what it is instead of what you expect it should be.  There is truly a lot for fans of the original despite some of the game's more technical shortcomings.  I think newcomers will enjoy the game because all the elements that made the original are still here.While this game isn't without its flaws (some bugs, of which I only encounterd one once and it was a crash I never saw again) I attribute most of them to the Unity engine and how it works rather than any shortcoming of the developers.  The biggets issue is the 3D, where some animations can look awkward at times (especially when characters transition from one animation to another).All in all, I greatly enjoyed this remake and I think anyone who enjoys adventure games will enjoy this one as well whethe rthey played the original or not."
76561198018333841,Recommended,262000,25678236,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Vanias,Story Characters Atmosphere Creator... it's Knight... Gabriel Knight! :D
,Recommended,262000,20276213,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ji-to-eigA,"Amazing game, stunning atmosphere, and satisfying to solve on your own the old fashion way! It never gets beyond frustrating but there are times that you will genuinely be puzzling for a while... and it feels great when you get it finally!Now we just need GK2 and GK3. Get on it, team!"
76561198146420551,Not Recommended,262000,30578492,Posted: 17 March,all,leeds55,"Some of my fondest memories of gaming are from my teens playing the atmospheric, tense and plot-driven Gabriel Knight, a jewel amongst the point and click puzzle games.  Sadly, the 20th anniversary revamp introduces only partial UI glitz and a whole host of bugs.  With Steam offering the original as well, I'd whole heartedly recommend that instead."
,Recommended,262000,33531665,Posted: 14 July,all,Beanchilla,"What a great game! Only a couple of puzzles stand out as unfair. It's a great story with a lot great dialogue and some pretty clever puzzles. I loved the characters and didn't mind the voice acting, although I know it might pale in comparison to the original.Definitely pick it up if you like adventure games!"
76561197985705536,Recommended,262000,31348156,Posted: 24 April,all,Eidolon,"Voodoo down in the Bayou.  You play as Gabriel Knight, a sometimes successful, sometimes creepy, playboy and author.  You haven't sold a book in like, forever, but that doesn't stop you from owning a book shop in downtown New Orleans and employing Grace, your assistant who helps you with writing and managing your shop.  She also stays even though you can't pay her- and despite your *constant* creepy advances.  Currently you are working on a new book involving voodoo and it just so happens there has been a string of ""Voodoo Murders"" in the Crescent city.  You happen to be buds with one of the detectives on the case and ask him if you might look around....for the story, of course...I'm not normally drawn to these kinds of game, the point and click genre, but between Alpha Polaris and Gabriel Knight, I'm hooked and looking for more.  Also you get to learn about voodoo.  Who do?  You do.  Do what?  Learn about the voodoo.Pros: This game intrigued me and sat on my wishlist for nearly a year before I got it cheap on a sale.  At first the game seemed a little slow figuring out the interface and the controls, and the story seemed wanting in the beginning, but when the wheels start turning, they start turning good and fast.  The story hooked me and though the ending was a little ""meh"", I felt overall joyed by this game.  The art and visuals were appealing, and the voice acting was actually good, despite me initially hating Gabriel's accent - I've grown to like it now.Cons: Plotwise, I did have to check the internet every so often for clues on what to do next to keep the story progressing. And not innocent clues like ""the key you need to unlock the door is on the shelf next to it, you silly!"" but more of ""You need to pull the lever in the basement to open the secret panel on the wall in the dining room to access the hidden keypad where you dial 39A90 to open the garage door so you can get the rock to smash the kitchen window to scare the bird so it drops the key.  But you have to talk to Paul first so he can tell you the code, and if you don't talk to him the code won't work.""  There were at least three instances of this where there was no indication as what to do next.  The first one, without spoiling involves a mime, a hotdog, and a small child. Good luck!Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198011810582,Recommended,262000,31297581,Posted: 22 April,all,Buffy,"Lovely remake of an adventure classic. It has an intriguing story and most of the time first class voice acting. Music, background and character are quite compelling, too.Unfortunately it also suffers from some severe problems: Lots of animations are glitching and look weird, some puzzles are being unnecessarily hard, because of the pathing of Gabriel and this is very subjective: The voice actors for the narrator and Gabriel are both rather special. I got around to liking the narrator, but Gabriel's voice actor sounds like a fifty year old pervert, sorry.Overall I still enjoyed to play it and it's a real shame they won't do the other Gabriel games as well."
,Recommended,262000,12573166,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Gourry_Inverse,"There's a certain atmosphere present in the original game that is just... somehow lacking in this version. The character models and animations look like they were lifted straight out of the Sims, and a couple of the puzzles added in this remake just don't fit, even through ""Adventure Game Logic."" (For example, there's a very out-of-place sliding tile puzzle in the *spoiler redacted* library, and a completely nonsensical mechanical puzzle in *spoiler redacted*'s house). If I'd never played the original, I might think differently on that.That said, this is like comparing steaks; even though this game's New York Strip isn't quite comparable to the original's Filet Mignon, it's still a deliciously worthwhile $20 purchase both for fans and for those who've never played the original Gabriel Knight. The remastered music is absolutely aces, and many of the cutscenes that were rendered with the original in-game engine are now rendered in a fantastic animated graphic novel style that just OOZES awesome. The voice acting is pretty amazing too, with a couple of minor exceptions. There are also a couple of really creepy sequences that weren't present in the original game that caught me as a pleasant surprise.Overall: 8/10 (versus the original's 10/10)"
,Recommended,262000,12610594,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MissDorothea,It has been more than 15 years since I played this game so big thanks for the game developers for doing the anniversary edition.  It has been both new and familiar.  Best scene was the confession with the priest because of the voice acting!
,Recommended,262000,12511492,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Autumnal Nocturne,"As great as the original release was, the 20th anniversary edition blows it out of the water. If you're an old Gabriel Knight fan, this is definitely a must-buy. And if you've never played a GK game, this is a great place to start!"
,Recommended,262000,12575107,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,lake.kubilius,"Of course, this is one of the major classic adventure games.  As such, its biggest danger is comparison to ""itself.""  It does a very good job in that respect.  The new graphics are excellent.  The new voice acting is *very* good; I think that the critics on that point are more entrenched in cripplingly specific nostalgia than anything else.  The things that stand out as most noticably changed are solidly changed for the better.  The new castle design is a huge improvement over the cartoony original and links to GK2 fantastically.  The brief but powerful story edits at the police station are wonderful.  The only change I do have mixed feelings about is the much more rigorous pacing control seen in this version.  The original version generally resulted in a painfully difficult and long Day 1, but then rocketed up the tension and pace in later days.  I do think that this new story structure will avoid the risk of seriously alienating first time players, assuming that they're avoiding hints.  But gran on day 4, for example, slows down the main story a bit."
76561198105920194,Recommended,262000,32651860,Posted: 22 June,all,plejerplejerchina,old school
76561198011139694,Recommended,262000,20637732,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,hYBRYDcOBRA,Very good underrated point-n-click adventure game. Heres hopeing for part 4!
,Recommended,262000,21379086,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Strim Clocks,"I have never played the original Gabriel Knight games, but I have heard enough to make me corious enough to buy this game. I have enjoyed every minute of this game so far. I have always enjoyed adventure games, and this one is certainly up there in my favorites. The story, the gameplay, the music, the voice acting, and the graphics are all superb for this style of game. I denfinately recommend that people play this game if they are interested in playing an old school style adventure game with improved graphics. I hope that steam offers some of the other Gabriel Knight games so I can play them as well."
,Recommended,262000,24196705,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DetectiveDow,"Wonderful game. Addictive. Intrigueing.Game Score: 8/10HOWEVER!This remake is a dissapointment if I ever saw one. The redeseign of Gabriel is hard for us long time fans, and the second half of the game had so many graphical glitches I though Ubisoft had developed this adventure."
76561197993813623,Recommended,262000,29703785,Posted: 4 February,all,marto,"this game is absolutely fabulous, was great playing this story. now i know why it is named as one of the best ever. 10/10 and i mean it !"
,Recommended,262000,26301747,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dopefish,"Bought this game ages ago in a spur of nostalgia for the original. And it's just what I expected - a great update to the interface, nice voiceacting (even if the main characters voice, though fitting needs a little to get used to) and overall great update for an already great game.Thank you for letting me relive the haunted and hunted feeling of this game once again - and I sincerely hope the other parts will get the same loving attention =3"
,Recommended,262000,26368893,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Arakanga.Ra,"This is what a remake of a classic title should be. GK: SotF 20th Anniversary keeps the atmosphere of the original game and even though the developers had to make some changes that were not that well-accepted (yes, new voice actors, although you can get used to them quite easily), there's very little I can criticize about the game, aside from some  bugs and graphical glitches. I had a lot of fun, the story was gripping and the graphics helped greatly in depicting the voodoo atmosphere of New Orleans."
76561198038625342,Recommended,262000,18017010,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dash,"Well at long last I've played Gabriel Knight. Created by the God Empress of adventue games Jane Jensen, whose basically made all the adventure games worth playing. I've waited 20 years to play this game, after my computer was unable to run this game when it originally game out.  Stupid computer, I had wanted to play it so bad!  I have to say I feel this version was probably better to hold out for.  The redone graphics and sound were definitely worth it.  So to get things out of the way this is definitely a must buy for adventure game fans.  It's not the best adventure game.  I'd still say the order of best adventure games of all time are: Laura Bow and the Dagger of Amon Ra in the coveted number one position, then Gray Matter, Kings Quest 5, Kings Quest 6, Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Father, and Moneky Island (Laura Bow and the Colonel's Bequest was amazing when it came out, but now it's literally unplayable, hell it had a text interface for god sakes).  I'd say making the top 5 is pretty great and this game is indeed great!  However, it suffers from quite a few problems.Puzzles: First off I'd say for the most part the puzzle design is excellent.  Nothing too insanely hard.  The game did have some stand out truly awful puzzles.  One required you to walk around a 12 zone temple moving tablets in each room to open a door.  Now this puzzle was awful, not because it was confusing, but because it was ridiculously long.  The answer was super obvious, but walking through 12 rooms to change tablets took foreverrrrrrrrr.  Then even worse after you finish zombies come to life and can kill you if you don't move fast enough.  The game then resets this puzzle if you didn't save right before using the final tablet.  That's just unacceptable, why in god's name would you make a super long puzzle then have a fail state that's almost unavoidable right when you solve the puzzle, ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!  Also the voodoo code puzzle that is required to get to the ceremony is just plain stupid.  Again, not because it's super difficult to figure out the puzzle, but because I literally had no idea that this was what was required.  I walked around for a good hour trying to figure out  how to get to the voodoo ceremony, finally I gave up and looked up the answer.  Turns out I needed to scribble a voodoo code on a tomb door.  Figuring out the code was super easy, but I am just baffaled at how anyone would ever think that they needed to go to the tomb and change the code there in the first place.  You had already used this code to help convince the police to investigate the murderers, Nothing in the game made me think i might need to go back and rewrite the code.Story: So I'd say overall the story is quite well put together and a ton of fun.  However, it's not the story I wanted.  I prefer adventure games to be murder mysteries.  I believe the format of these games makes it perfect for such a story due to the ability to search for clues and heavy dialogue scenes between characters.  This game is tricky, because it makes you think that's what this game is.  It certainly starts off as a murder mystery as voodoo ritualistic killings plague New Orleans.  You are also certainly searching for clues and evidence to these murders...but there is no mystery here.  It's super obvious who the murderer is, they don't even try and hide it.  So that was very disappointing to me.  Also the last 2 hours turns more into an Indiana Jones adventure than the tone the rest of this game has.  I did not like this, I wanted to stay in creepy New Orelans, not fly across the globe to Germany and Africa hunting down magical weapons to fight a voodoo cult.  Sigh...this game could have easily been the #1 adventure game if it didn't take such a weird tonal shift.Characters:  The game has very few characters...which is probably why it epicly failed in being any kind of murder mystery.  You have the protagonist of Gabriel Knight...who I actually hated.  He's a psychotic womanizer, to the extent that I was constantly worried he would start♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥his secretary.  So...yea...not a good main character.  I guess things were different in the 90's?  The game starts with him sexually harassing his secretary and it seemed pretty clear she didn't enjoy it.  It got even more problematic when the games main love interest is introduced Malia Gedde.  Shes basically a classic femme fatale.  I really couldn't tell you much about her, which is certainly problematic.  She loves voodoo I guess?  My main concern with her  is that Gabriel literally starts stalking her...like crazy, he just starts chasing after her to have sex with her, even cornering her at her mothers grave asking her to have sex with him...and then she does.  It's baffaling to me how these two characters were written.  Gabriel is basically a sexual predator...but then Malia seems happy with it.  At the start I felt it was going to be a sweet reveal that she was just acting this way because she wanted to murder him...sigh, but no she super loves boning him.  I should note that I did love all the voice actors, it woudl have been better with the original cast but the reworked voice overs were great...although Gabriel still sounded even more like a stalker.  I also really enjoyed the music, it could have used more scores, but what it had was great.Graphics:  I loved the New Orelans setting of this game.  It really got across the theme of Gothic Horror.  The new upgraded art style was also quite nice.  I feel some night time scenes would have added greatly to the game though...not sure why they didn't have any.  I also really enjoyed the comic style cutscenes, they were super cheesy for the most part, but I still found myself enjoying them.  My one complain with the art direction was the final location the ""voodoo temple.""  There is no way around it, it was reallllllllllly badly designed.  I looked up the original game, thinking this could not be what they originally had...but it was.  It's this terrible futuristic purple colored building with all electronic sliding doors and cold steel.  It literally felt like a different game.  I was almost thinking it would turn out that aliens were behind the voodoo cult.  It was such a baffalingly bad design choice that I'm at a loss for what they were thinking.  You're in New Orleans, this is your chance to have a super creepy voodoo temple...not some weird alien spaceship design that literally is in stark contrast to every other location in the game, epic fail.  Did the design team have some left over art assets from Space Quest or something?So that was Gabriel Knight.  Well worth the $10 I paid for it since it clocked in around 15 hours.  Still an adventure game though and not even the best adventure game! So #Worth $10."
,Recommended,262000,29427125,Posted: 22 January,all,Doctor Babooshka,"I have been a fan of ""Gabriel Knight"" for a long time now: before buying the first two games this Autumn with the Steam sales, I had already finished the third one about thrice when I was like 15 years old.People could say it is a boring series nowadays and for some aspects I could agree: there's no actual action, it's a whole plain point-and-click. But the plots... they ALWAYS catch me and this one makes no exception! I think you could even learn something through it...Moreover, I love the fact you can save whenever you want.Totally recommended to the fans of noir and retrogames."
,Recommended,262000,33765602,Posted: 24 July,all,P01d4,Having never played the original I am glad this remake exists. Pitty they couldn't get tim curry in again.Got the music stuck in my head.
,Recommended,262000,34822837,Posted: 8 September,all,aule,"This game is really good. The puzzles are hard yet not imposible, and the story is really good. And the art in the game, is really something else. This is a good remake of an already good game. More of those."
,Recommended,262000,21247848,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,thebunnyrules,"I grew up in the 80s and 90s. I remember being a teen and seeing all these adventure games at the computer store but I couldn't afford them and my familly's 286 had a monochrome screen and could not even come close to handling one of those games. 20+ years later though games were too dated for me to really want to play. It was nice to have this remake to revisit that era of gaming that I missed out on.Gabriel is very beautifully drawn and the story is excellent (minus a few inconsistencies and the fact that Gabriel has the emotional intellegence of a gerbal). The pacing of the game starts out PAINFULLY slow and uneventful but it really comes together and picks up quite nicelly after a third way through, making the truging through the beginning quite worth it.The puzzles in this game from pretty easy to vague and you have to be clair voyant to guess them but fortunately there are very few of those. I only found myself resorting to the inbuilt hints 3 or 6 times in my play through and usually just to nudge me in the right direction.Overall, I was quite happy with this game, was playing it compulsively around the end and would probably buy the sequels if Phenix Online ever remakes them. May even by the original Sequels if they don't"
76561198151245927,Recommended,262000,17192016,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,jeffkenas,"If Jane Jensen happens to read these reviews I want her to know that I thoroughly enjoyed this and the other GK stories, and that is what they are, submersive, engaging, and interactive stories.  To call this a game is misleading, it is so much more.  I know adventure games have gone the way of the Do-Do bird because of frustating mechanics and the over all lack of patience gamers have today, but this is a truly lost unique art form.  I also sincerely hope that someway somehow she finds a path to continue the saga.  Even if it were just 1 more... I'd happily pre-pay as I imagine many would to get the ball rolling.  TY for the time creating this Anniversary edition!"
,Recommended,262000,12576363,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fermi,"This is a fantastic remake!  They even managed to add new content without sacrificing anything or compromising the original plot!Pros: Great animation, awesome soundtrack, good voice acting, beautiful backdrops, classic interface, Steam achievements, fantastic plot that keeps the player immersed the from beginning to end.Cons: There are a few graphical glitches, but they've already released a few patches to fix them.  When you skip lines of dialog, the game actually fast forwards in time and that glitches out and sometimes gets stuck.  The developers have said that they will fix it in the next patch.I hope, hope, hope that Jane Jensen will put out another Gabriel Knight in this EXACT format.  This game was a nearly flawless execution, so I hope that the developer will not stray on future releases."
76561198000318720,Recommended,262000,12599407,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Dashole,"This is probably one of the best and faithful remakes of a classic game I've ever seen!  Great production value, graphics, and art on what was probably a shoestring indie budget!  For those of you who are unfamiliar with the GK series, this game is about story, character development, occult horror, and good humor - a tricky mix indeed!  But it does it well and you only have to check out the other reviews on this page to see that it meets a lot of expectations."
76561198030974657,Recommended,262000,12582966,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,kabill,"The original version of Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers is one of my most favourite video games of all time and I bought the 20th Anniversary Edition expecting it to miss the very high standards I would hold it to.  I wasn't wrong.The remake is competent enough.  Many of the visuals - which is the key thing the remake has been sold on - are very pretty and the cutscenes in particular are excellent (though I would have liked a way to disable the speech balloons).  The voice acting is solid and, once I got used to the new voices, very much enjoyed them,  The story and characters still hold up while - for the most part - the puzzles are not too obtuse.  There are some animation issues and the quality of the backgrounds is not always consistent (I really don't like Jackson Square at all) but I didn't find these things too problematic.  So if you enjoy adventure games and have never played the original, then I suspect you will find the game worth the price of entry.But if you *have* played the original game I'd suggest caution, for at least in my case the remake does not improve upon it and, in fact, is inferior in several ways.  Critical here are the visuals.  While the original game managed to produce a mood perfect for the story through its dark backgrounds and strong use of contrast, the brightness and colour of the backgrounds in the remake fail to do the same.  An exception here must be made for the cutscenes which, in contrast, do an excellent job capturing the mood of the story.  Yet, ironically, this only serves to highlight the absence of atmosphere in the rest of the game.  This is most clearly demonstrated in the final scene (no spilers) which slips between cutscenes and regular gameplay.  Here, the cutscenes do all of the work while each shift back to regular gameplay spoils the tension that has been produced by them.In addition to this, changes in the pacing of the game also disrupt its mood.  Access to areas of the game is more staggered than in the original, which helps spread out the content of the game more evenly but also - for me anyway - takes away from the world-building at the outset of the game.  Moreover, minor additions to the game's content (a few small puzzles and scenes) are often out of place and stand out as obvious bolt-ons with little or no necessity (the very minor scene at the Wright family tomb, for example, left me astounded by its pointlessness).  I also found the music disappointing compared with the original (though perhaps this is simply because I grew up in the '90s and have acquired an unreasonable fondness for midi tracks!).How to conclude, then?  If you like adventure games and have never played the original, you should buy this.  If you have played the original and are interested (like me) in seeing first hand how the game was reworked, or if you would like to play Gabriel Knight again but find its old interface or graphics a deal-breaker, then you should buy the game.  But if you are wanting this game to recapture the spirit and character of the original, then I do not recommend it.  Or else, I recommend that you be braced for disappoinment."
,Recommended,262000,12574662,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ghregore,"GK:SotF 20th AE is the budget remake of a 90s AAA classic adventure game and while the character voices are different, the story timeline a little jumbled and the animations a little jarring, AE inherits enough to be an enjoyable trip down memory lane (or Bourbon Street)."
,Recommended,262000,28201922,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,markzwaan,"Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition is a bit of a mixed bag.The good- High resolution backgrounds- High polygon characters- Rerecorded sound track- Built in hint system- Behind the scenes feature (sketches, interviews etc.)The bad- Still some (very) obscure puzzles- Characters move like marionettes- New voice actors not as good as the original onesYou should get hold of a copy of the original (you can get it here on Steam as well) since it has a truly great voice cast with Tim Curry as Gabriel, Mark Hamill as his friend Moseley, Efraim Zimbalist Jr. as Wolfgang Ritter, Micheal Dorn as Dr. John, Virginia Capers (AKA grandma Huxtable) as the narrator and Leah Remini as Grace Nakimura. Even the voice cast of some of the minor characters is worth mentioning (like Jim Cummings). The new voice cast is okay, but nowhere near the level of that of the original game.The ugly- Many glitched animations.On several occasions I've seen Gabriels upper torso or head spinning around in a way that reminded me of the Exorcist. At several occasions seated characters are suddenly (partly) standing up before continuing their conversation. The butler of Malia Gedde can be seen briefly standing before the door each time he has closed it. And at one time I was looking out of the window in Mosely's office and clicked on the door to leave the room. Only to see Gabriel standing up from an invisible chair (without sitting down first), moon-walking to the door and spinning once round his axis before leaving the room. It never interfered with the game but these glitches should've been removed before release.- Musicians in the parkAnother thing that bothered me were the guys playing the banjo and electric guitar in the park. Neither of them is using a shoulder strap. I know from experience it's impossible to play either a classic guitar or a electric guitar while standing up without one and I think it's safe to assume that's also true for playing a banjo. Even worse the electric guitar IS NOT PLUGGED INTO AN AMPLIFIER!. An electric guitar that's not plugged in will make less noise than one of those cheap plastic kid guitars. Someone should have noticed this and replaced it with an acoustic guitar.ConclusionIt's worth buying, especially when it's on sale. But it's got some issues that I think you should be aware of. And it's not a worthy replacement of the original since the original voice cast isn't reused."
,Recommended,262000,25404623,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Pitch_Black_00,"Challenging, dark, and thrilling."
,Recommended,262000,12789394,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Azozel,"Phoenix Online has outdone themselves with this flawless remake edition of Gabriel Knight. This game combines being true to the original while making improvements and modernizing. And its visually stunning!+Amazing HD graphics! I love the way they kept the original composition as much as possible.+The new voice-over cast is a surprising success!+The new remastered music is wonderful!+Hints system and notes adds to the gameplay experience!-Some visual collision and sliding issues on animations, kind of jagged at times.-Had to reload a couple of times due to problems with continue functionThe new voice-over cast was initially worrying. Not so strange being a hardcore fan of the old 1993 version, having played it close to 30 times. However after a couple of hours into it, I found it surprisingly refreshing and wonderful. Especially happy to see the essence of Gabriel's cocky New Orleans character being intact. I would also mention Grace, Dr John, Mosely and Frick as outstanding performances.Visually its a balanced mix of photo and painted textures, blended with pre-rendered backgrounds and real-time props & characters. A nice touch is the ambient atmospheric particles & lighting effects.The original music is remastered by composer Robert Holmes. This is a huge improvement from the early 90s midi tracks.The bonus option to view old concept art from the different locations, combined with info and audio interviews with the original developers is a nice addition for fans of the old game.I would highly recommend this game for adventure fans, looking for a story driven game. If you are already a fan of Gabriel Knight, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,262000,12590130,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Luke Nukem,"A great 'current-visuals' adaptation of one of the greatest adventure games ever created, it is not without its faults, albeit, not crippled by them either.Graphics are gorgeous, if a little *glitchy* from time to time.  I haven't experienced as many as some forum posts suggest, so who knows? Voice acting is newly re-cast due to the poor integrity of the original cast recordings, but if you appreciate GK for what Jane Jensen wrote vs. who ""spoke"" it, you won't be disappointed.  The new cast is actually quite good, if takes a bit to get used to.There are a few new puzzled added for us 'old school' players, and overall this is a great homage piece. I thoroughly enjoyed playing it a couple times over, in its new ""skin""The story itself is engaging and the characters are great.GFX: 9/10Audio: 8/10 *would be 9 were it not for constant overlap issues since recent patch."
76561198071402751,Recommended,262000,12591051,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Gwenelly,Love this game :)much better than the original from 1993 could never get past the zobmies in africa but now it was much easierhopefully they will do a remake of gk2 and gk3 also with better gfx :)
,Recommended,262000,12618661,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,PatsDark,A very well made remake of one of the best adventure game ever.Tim Curry can't be replace but the voice actor for Gabriel knight still does a good job with the imitation.A trip down memory lane that is totally worth it.
76561198052885389,Recommended,262000,12643010,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,bettyb00,This was an excellent game - and betterr than the original.The scene with the zombies was a pain - but the rest was quite well done.
76561198110942618,Recommended,262000,12526092,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,rickm649,I find this game a little cartoonish compared to the first gabriel knight but its still agood game
76561197991731404,Recommended,262000,22879636,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,runninrhino,"This is an awesome adventure game and very detailed. If you're into adventure games, you'll like this one. The music doesn't really appeal to me, but I like everything else about it."
76561198017408182,Recommended,262000,12610316,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Ang_fou,"A wonderful remake of one of the best adventure of all time. A must for fans and adventure beginners alike. Buy it without a doubt, and if we are lucky we might get GK4 one day."
,Not Recommended,262000,26564136,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,demz,"good game, however the 3D rendered characters do not make it worth the monies. I would've rather played the old 2D version of it."
,Recommended,262000,12603411,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Brass Wizard,"Jane Jensen's classic point-and-click adventure game, Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Father, is back in a special, 20th Anniversary Edition update.Developed by Jane Jensen's own Pinkerton Road Studio and published by Phoenix Online Studio, it tells the tale of writer and rare book store owner Gabriel Knight as he discovers that the sins of the past can come back to haunt you.The original title, first published by Sierra Entertainment, holds a special place in my heart. This was the very first PC game I ever had, actually bought 2 months before we actually had a PC. I still remember seeing the box art, that hanging figure and being strangely drawn to it. It was also one of the hardest games I ever tried to run on our first PC. Figuring out that I needed to create a boot disk and what that disk needed to contain was as hard a puzzle as any I had to solve in the game! And considering this was before the Internet gave us all the answers, still a proud moment for me. Most of my DOS/Command Line skills were learned trying to run this game, skills that I still use to this day. And if ever I actually write a horror story, this game will have had it's hand in this as well.The 20th Anniversary Edition comes with glossy modern graphics, new voice acting and the story we all loved 20 years ago. It also comes with the same point-and-click gameplay it originally had. Whereas some would qualify it as classic, others would call this style of gameplay archaic. The action is slow with you clicking on something and waiting for the animation to bring the character there before doing whatever you were asking. Puzzles, which make up the bulk of the challenges, are a mixed bag. Though you'll find many to work intuitively, some are obtuse, and a few are horribly frustrating. Luckily, a new hint system was imbedded in the menu structure to give a helping hand when you need it without having to resort to the net (or a certain guide...). Unfortunately, the worst offenders require trial and error and a good bit of luck to solve, even if you know the answer. These bog down the game and will lead some to never finish the title. Which would be quite a shame. On a plus side, they modernized the interface. Though we lost the nice, atmospheric icons of the original, changing it from having them all grouped up at the top of the screen to a direct contextual ring upon selection is definitely a move that needed to be made.As I stated, the graphics were changed. Gone is the pixel art of the original. In it's stead we have new 3D High Res graphics to play with. Overall, the new graphics are rather pretty and well made, with generally smooth animation in the movements and interactions. However, I do miss the original and wish a “classic” mode had been included (though I'm not sure if they could have done this legally). Your millage may vary but players used to modern day graphics should appreciate the update. Each locale you visit is interesting, distinct and memorable and the art team did a great job of updating these. New Orleans really comes to life, from the French quarter to the bayou. Note that I did notice a few, very minor, graphical issues in my play-through. The game also features a few cutscenes. These, part graphic novel and part animation, are truly stunning works to behold.One update that I'm very happy with is the music. Re-orchestrated and re-mastered by the original composer, Robert Holmes, it is one of the highlights of this experience. I liked the music back when it was played through a not-Sound Blaster, so you can imagine how much I love the updated tracks. Luckily, I per-ordered the game and received the original sound track as a bonus. Each location you visit has a distinct musical track associated with it, giving as much to the games atmosphere as the visuals. It's so that you could almost play the game with you're eyes closed. I wish more games today would go the extra mile and bring the aural part of their games on par with the visuals like this one.On the other side of the spectrum, the voice acting is something I have trouble with. Now, this isn't to question the change in cast members. The game originally featured such talent as Tim Curry, Mark Hamil and Michael Dorn. With a low budget and 20 year old recordings, they had to get some new actors. For the most part, I felt the players were fine. Unfortunately, the two main voices you'll hear in the game, Gabriel and the narrator, are points of contention. I originally played the game on floppy disks, so I had no voice acting. So all I had was my imagination as to what our protagonist sounded like. What you hear in game is about a thousand leagues away from that. I don't feel it fits the character all that well but I did get used to it. Of course, upon looking up what the original sounded like, I can't say I Tim Curry was any closer to my imagination either. The narrator is another situation as well. They kept the same idea as the original, a New Orleans accented lady to add to the atmosphere. But yeah, no, I can't say it was that great of an idea on either case. At times, the narrator sounds tired or bored and the rest of the time the accent just gets grating, especially when you can't find the solution to a puzzle. Of course, you can always mute the narrator if you'd like. Still, as stated, the rest of the voice acting was fine.For me, the highest of the high points in this game is the story and characters. The story is fully enjoyable, blending elements of magic and occultism from the old world and the new in a fashion that's still pretty unique. The things you do and the places you visit and why all form a very interesting arc between good and evil, past and present, and love and duty. The main characters are likewise well developed and realized, showing more than one trope or dimension. I played through this more than once when I was young and still enjoyed the story and characters this time around.Ultimately, this version of the game suffers from the same problems and issues that it has always suffered from. And I'm not sure how authentic it would have been if they had been removed. I can say that if you're a fan of old school point-and-click adventure games and their unique sense of logic, or if you were a fan of the original but can't play it anymore cause one of the disk died on you (still sad about it), you should check this out. But this isn't the adventure that's going to change your mind if you don't like this kind of game."
,Recommended,262000,12604073,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,pfournier33,"Question: have you ever played the original Gabriel Knight? If no, buy this immediately and ignore the reviews of anyone who is affected by nostalgia. You will love the story and the puzzles. In game hint system will make sure you don't need a walkthrough for the most part.For players of the original - it's a mixed bag. New soundtrack (some good, some not so good), backgrounds range from excellent to kind of sterile, character animation is just slow and bad and the changes to gameplay isn't that great. For example it hand holds item combining and offers many many in game hints. Though to be fair if you've finished the original you won't need them and it won't affect your enjoyment. Voice acting is hit or miss, but this is more of a nostalgia thing than a real complaint.Overall I enjoyed it, especialy since I haven't played the original in awhile. Just don't go in with sky-high expectations and you'll like it."
76561198161485271,Recommended,262000,12849155,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,D3vil_Eji,Worth the money for GK1 :)
,Recommended,262000,12870888,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Christeneus,"Talk about impossible, scalp ripping head scratching puzzles? Your in St Georges bookshop Gabrielle Knight 20th Anniversary edition. What a great game, one I shrivelled away from in anxious loss as a youngster, with a sorehead (and hairloss), but now can't be happier to come back around too, I've not even finished it yet and I reckon there's only more omfg's to ice this cake"
76561197992153160,Recommended,262000,22349335,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Pumar,"Good:Amazing beutiful scenarios, nice storytelling with mystery tone.Amazing soundtrack.Reasonable good voice acting.Bad:Puzzles don't impress much."
76561198036216749,Recommended,262000,24393903,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Maître Grims,"A very good remake of this adventure classic from the 90's. As a fan of Gabriel Knight, I can not think of a single thing it does worse than the original, I highly recommend it.Pros:- Excellent storyline.- Well done puzzles.- Good soundtrack and voiceovers (I got used to Gabriel's new voice after a little while).- Nicely remastered graphics.Cons:- Some little bugs at times, like a character rotating his head at 360°... but rarely and never game breaking.Now let's just hope for a GK4!"
76561198181067503,Recommended,262000,21020780,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,georgemmark,"I own the original Gabriel Knight game, with the remake there is one thing that doesn't sit well with me.....the voice acting.The original game sported an all star cast :Mark Hamill (as Mosely)Tim Curry (as Gabriel)Virginia Capers (as the narrator)Leah Remini (as Grace).The new voice cast had much to live up to but while they did a good job it's still not there, especially the narrator. Virginia Capers delivered a stunning performance in the original. Her voice created the perfect atmosphere and verily from all the actors who acted for this game she outshined them all (at least for me). It's a pity that they didn't use the original voice cast recordings.That being said the game is still the same ole Gabriel Knight with added bells and whistles.  Finished it in under 8h I have replayed the original so many times that I have practically memorised everything (and yet every so often I'll still replay it)."
76561198204524528,Recommended,262000,20487649,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,yesimjen,"I was always faithful to Sierra games, but had continually bypassed this one.  I would stand in my favorite computer game store, looking at the back of the game's box trying to convince myself to buy it.  ""Hmm, this probably doesn't have boobs and dirty jokes like Leisure Suit Larry.  Voodoo?  Meh, I'll pass.""  I had, however, played GK: The Beast Within as soon as it came out, (probably because I loved the groundbreaking FMV aspect in playing Phantasmagoria.  The first one. The second one was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.)I enjoyed The Beast Within and figured I should someday play the first game in the series.  Twenty years later.  Winter sale, boom.This game was enjoyable, I guess.  I didn't LOVE it.  I should have remembered my 14-year-old self when I knew I wouldn't be into the story.  I was hoping it would be at least a little bit scary or suspenseful.  I like horror and the paranormal, not weirdos wearing animal masks dancing around a fire with a snake.  Zzzzzzz.  I live in the city and see much worse things on the evening news.I don't regret playing it, but I think it's more for people who have a nostalgic attachment to it.  I personally like the Black Mirror series better.Pros:NostalgiaEasyIn-game hint systemSome curse words. Cool.Cons:Your best friend dies so you steal his wallet and max out his credit card.  That's a♥♥♥♥♥♥move.No boobsBoring Voodoo story.  Unless you're into that type of thing.  Weirdo.All the beds shown in this game were messy/unmade"
76561198100639287,Recommended,262000,20490025,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,machinaex,"I'm on the fence with this one.The voice acting is terrible. If you've ever wanted to walk around and have a bad Miss Cleo impersonator narrate your every move then rejoice! I'm also not quite sure what accent Gabriel is doing. The puzzles are moderate, for the most part, and there's actually a fair amount of accurate information about the Loas, but [POSSIBLE SPOILER AHEAD] the whole Vodoo human sacrifce plot is trite and pretty offensive. [NO MORE SPOILERS]  I'm guessing this game was orginally released around the same time as The Serpent And The Rainbow by Wade Davis. The game does manage to have some pretty spooky moments and reminds me of the old sierra adventure games in the best possible way.Wait until it's on sale and pick it up if you are a point-and-click adventure fan. It's an adult game with a darker tone and a good amount of content.  Overall, it's meh and just eeks out a postive recommendation.The interface is pure clunky crap."
76561198215787476,Recommended,262000,15803826,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,cantweallgetalongboard,"""Cabrit sans cor"" is all I have to say. Figure out what that means and tell me you don't want to play this game... these words have haunted me for almost 20 years...not kidding.I fondly remember my days spent indoors, during incredibly hot summer days in Georgia, playing Sierra games. They were such amazing adventure games and something altogether different from my console titles (SNES at the time I think). But stumbling upon Gabriel Knight really has remained as my first discovery of a ""sleeper"" hit game. Knowing now that the main devs involved were partly responsible for King's Quest and Phantasmogoria makes total sense and a perfect way to describe this game: the gameplay of KQ mixed with the dark and sinister spector of Phantas.The tale of Voodoo, murder and noir dectective skewed N'awlins style is a true classic. The author of the script really did a great job capturing the flavor of the south (sometimes moreso than the voice actors...), and as a southerner I can tell you that is not an easy thing to do. The dynamic of the characters is well crafted, and the tale is tense and masterful. Morover, I love the film ""Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil"" and this game certianly has a similar ""Southern Gothic"" feeling. The bizarre cast of characters, wrought iron fences, the sweet smell of magnolia and gardenia, the heavy wet air of New Orleans, the general ease that the old South did once proffer, and a glimpse into the darkest shadows surrounding some of the best kept secrets haunting the opulent manors and old money that flow in the veins of old surviving Southern towns and cities.It has depth in both story and gameplay, but some may not really enjoy the point and click play. It can also get a little repetitive; having to travel around and explore places you've alreday been to just to try and find one thing or one detail about one thing you missed...it can bug you. Also, one of the classic faults (if you can call it that) of old Sierra games was the quality of the backgrounds sort of hiding, or at least obscuring, the paths the player needs to find. Also, some gamers may not understand the whole ""open the inventory to combine items to equip them all/get them to work"" sort of problem solving required to solve some puzzles, if they can find the puzzle to begin with- looking at you clock puzzle... Trust me, if you play this game you'll find it. Truthfully; that's what I love about the games, but I admit that it isn't eveyone's cup of tea- you have to spend time IN the game. Click on everything, explore every corner...and the new option to press a button to reveal all interactable objects is AWESOME... you used to have to click blindly until you got a GUI box to pop up.It's a great game you 90's gamers may have missed and one newer gamers may never hear of again! Thanks for the reboot, so happy to have it in my library again!"
76561198130306763,Recommended,262000,14395183,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,davelb50,great game
76561198085468417,Recommended,262000,14655179,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,libor,"It was great to play that fantastic game after all those years again. Maybe it's not so modern today, but it was fun anyway... And in fact it would be very good to have both Gabriel sequels in such state to be able to play on modern systems. Recommended to all adventures lovers! And thanks to Jane Jensen..."
,Recommended,262000,14742311,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Futilator,"Sins of the Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition is a great remake of the old Gabriel Knight game. I remember to have played the original game very young, solving puzzles and having conversations that I really didn't even understand at the time. It was nice and exciting adventure back then and it still works very well. The story takes you in its grasp and forces you to explore more everytime you play.The puzzles are good and logical most of the time. For some players the old adventure game playing mechanism might be little stiff, but for me it still works nicely. For the players who have also played the original game there are also some extra illustrations and sketches from the old game and interviews of the game developers which are very interesting.As for cons you might consider voice acting, which is mostly pretty solid, but Gabriel's voice started to annoy me in some point. Maybe it's just me. I managed to live with it though so that's not really a problem. Still a great story and a great game for every point and click adventure gaming friend out there. HIghly recommended."
,Recommended,262000,14816535,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DelayedReaction,"first discovered this game back at school when a friend lent it to me. I spent many, many hours at a friends house playing this and I don't know about them but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Having just finished playing this HD Remake it brought back so many good memories. If you have ever played the original (or any of the GK games for that matter) I would recommend revisiting this in the remake. If you've never played any of the GK games and you're interested in point and click puzzle adventure games, I DEFINITELY recommend giving this a look-see."
,Recommended,262000,15211098,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Northx,"The storyline is what makes the Gabriel Knight saga still playable 20 years later which makes you overlook the clunky animations or illogical dialogues at times. I wasn't especially happy with the voice acting and the b-rated American movie lines from characters but this game is 20 years old that's how ""cool"" people spoke on movies and games back then. I just wish wholeheartedly this game will fund a 4th Gabriel Knight game and I wish there is the option of it being a full motion video game like The Beast Within which is the best game I have ever played storywise."
76561197960974573,Recommended,262000,14780992,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,simpilot,"This game is awesome! As a New Orleans native, I can easily say that this game really captures the spirit and atmosphere of the city. When the original came out, I was living abroad in the military and it really made me homesick! Now this update has come out and I am so excited to reacquaint myself with one of my favorite games of all time. If you like being told a good story with believable characters, get this game! If you like adventure games at all, get this game! You won't be sorry!"
76561198064044089,Recommended,262000,14965747,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,NathanyaelGrey,As amzing now as it was back in the day.
76561198038388920,Recommended,262000,15448713,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Conan,Excellent adventure game!Legend!
76561198175022057,Recommended,262000,15470685,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Leo,Buy.
,Recommended,262000,16113124,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dasian,"This game is awesome.  The remake really does the original justice.Other than the gross mispronunciation of the word ""Lagniappe"" over and over, the game and remade music is really awesome.The story is really engrossing, and the characters are really memorable.  I want everyone I know to play this game just so I can talk about it with them :)Even if you didn't play the original, try this out. Seriously."
,Recommended,262000,16628370,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,rami.nuotio,"A great game with great story, voice-acting and updated graphics. Probably the only thing I disliked was the awkwardly stiff movement in action parts on Day 9. Still, high recommended title for anyone loving good old Sierra adventures."
76561198227006632,Recommended,262000,15851598,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bob,"This is an amazing remake of one of the coolest point and clicks around.Although there's no Tim Curry voice acting, the guy doing Gabriel Knight is pretty good, as are the rest of the cast and the new animation looks gorgeous.The story looks exactly the same, although it seems some scenarios are switched around in the order they occur. If you have played the original you should have no bother completing the puzzles, because the changes are minor.If you haven't played Gabriel Knight before then all the better, this remake should help pull in the new wave of point and click adventure fans created by indie developers who have gone back to my favourite genre. These remakes of classics (Broken Sword Enhanced version, Monkey Island remake) sit well along with new games (Walking Dead, Broken Age) which have brought back adventure games.I just hope this provides the springboard for new Gabriel Knight adventures (I'm not interested in remakes of the second or third game!)"
76561198011341159,Recommended,262000,15976997,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,rayden1213,This game reminds me lots of my wonderful childhood memories with adventure games. Great content and interesting story that make you spend hours of joy to revisit this timeless masterpiece.Wish they will do another remake for GK2: The Beast Within
76561197993300947,Recommended,262000,16400076,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Devilaether,"This is one of the best adventure games ever made. The updated graphics are amazing, the new puzzles are fun.The only sticking point, which might not even be a big deal to those who never played the orginal, is that the voice cast does not stack up to the original. Tim Curry, Michael Dorn, Mark Hamill, etc. Unbeatable.Still it is worth your money, and you should buy it and play it."
,Recommended,262000,16510583,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dragst,"A fantastic, modern remake of the old Sierra point'n'click adventure. The story is still golden, and I'm happy Jane Jensen is still out there, making sure her masterpiece doesn't get buried that easy. Few of the pixel hunt puzzles have been properly remade this time which is a really positive thing, and the internal hint system gives just the proper reminder and nudge when you've get back to the game next time or just can't remember all the details since it contains a massive amount of more or less accurate information - especially historical - amongst the fantasty elements.Now, if we only could have a proper tv series...!And remember: what can you tell me about voodoo? Get it now and find out."
76561198161068758,Recommended,262000,17088704,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Stouffer,The original was great and this re-mastered version is even better.
,Recommended,262000,13685611,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,KeYeR,"A complete Must have for adventure game fans. Especially for those who don't know Gabriel Knight series Yet.  In details:Plot - interesting and amazing - 9.5/10 In addition you can learn lot's of interesting stuff related to vodoo culture/religion.Graphics - well, it's is OK, sometimes 3D animations are really funny, but nothing too shameful. On the other hand cut scenes are made as an animated comic and are awesome. So 6/10 (but 9/10 for cut scenes).Sound/Musinc - 5/10Gameplay - although it has some glitches it's mostly quite comfortable 7/10Overall - strong 8/10 for me.It should also be mentioned that the game has ingame hint system. So in case you are stuck you don't need to go google solutions, but you can unlock layers of hints to help you through."
76561198043979557,Recommended,262000,12966311,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,princess_faythnu,"Well, I loved this game.  It's funny and brooding all at the same time.  I was riveted and stayed up night after night to get this.  Not all point and click games are the same.  This one is exceptional.  And don't let the GKSOTF walkthroughs ono-line trick you.  Those are for the earlier version, not this 20th anniversary release.  They've thrown a few change-ups in there.  It's not as easy as you might think.  And to all those who hated Gabriel's voice, I'd like to say your nuts.  I thought he sounded sexy, like the actory Matthew McConau♥♥♥♥ and what's not sexy about him!!"
,Recommended,262000,12989130,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,st3ngah,Great remake of a classic Sierra adventure game.  Very faithful to the original.  Definitely worth playing.
76561198040461034,Recommended,262000,13109629,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kiukkumursu,"Great game, classic from 90's with remastered graphics. If you are looking point and click game with good story this is your pick!"
76561198098122791,Recommended,262000,13163560,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wotan1483,"This edition has some problems: stupid puzzles, overly clean and sleek animation, some stiff voice acting. But c'mon! Someone paid attention to Gabriel Knight, one of the coolest games ever. I had a great time playing this and pretending I was 13 again."
76561198080580281,Recommended,262000,13315651,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,onthebeach,"I owned the original GK1 back in the days and it remained one of my favorite adventure games of the period. Seeing the remake appear, I was both excited to return to the GK universe and worried that the remake would have lost some of the charm the old VGA games held.Having just played through the game, I'm happy to say it was nothing but amazing! The new game engine succeeds in being true to the original and not only maintaining the same atmosphere, but actually making it even better!Also, it adds a few new tidbits here and there that actually blends with the original quite well. The only exception being the puzzle at the Moonbeam location which felt a little out of place and hurried. I'm also slightly sceptical about the option of highlighting hotspots onscreen by pressing space - being an old gamer, it feels a little bit like cheating - perhaps it could have been optional and directly affected steam achievements instead?Now I just wish they'll be able to remake subsequent GK games, consistently and in this game engine, and new GK games after that!"
,Recommended,262000,13530085,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Serin9X,Great old-school adventure game beautifully remade.
,Recommended,262000,14453626,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,clint,"A wonderful remake of the 1993 original.I've been sceptical about my reaction to the new voice-overs. Being a  fan of the fantastic original, I thought I could still hear the voices Tim Curry and Mar Hamill echoing in my mind.But apart from Gabriel himself, all of the voices sound very familiar to the original. Even the narrator has the same ""elderly woman"" sound, commenting the players actions with a great blend of irony and partial impassiveness.The Musical score and the graphics are a faithful recreation of the original game, even improving the overall atmosphere due to the higher detail found in the backdrops.I do recommend buying it, it's a great game for old fans and newcomers as well."
,Recommended,262000,13952654,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Vigo Carpath,Well done remake. Great story line that keeps you engaged. Zero buyers remorse with this one.The snake is a real jerk.
,Recommended,262000,14390437,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,1NDecent,"My opinion:+ New puzzles! And a few others done different.~ The new voices are great, although I still miss the original ones, especially the ethnic narrator, Grace and Mosely.~ While the remastered graphics are quite lush and colourful, the original 2D had a lot more gloomy scenes, and better character portraits.- Gabriel can't wander at places he had learnt prior to plot point, e.g. the Voodoo Museum.- I feel some of the 'climatic scenes', especially near the end, lack immense because of the new art style and short of animation when in 3D mode.Despite quite a number for negative things, I enjoyed playing it to the end. Thus I'd recommend it, especially to newcomers."
,Recommended,262000,14902587,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,clopinboy,"An amazing remake of a classic game.  Very story heavy, suspenseful, loved it."
76561198011703795,Recommended,262000,14184784,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,eddiefocus,"Nothing beats the original, but this was a well made game.  They need to revive this series."
76561197995217572,Recommended,262000,14297891,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ipseitet,"21 years after the original came out in 1993 we have the HD version of Gabriel Knight 1: Sins of the Fathers, updated with new art assets, re-recorded voices and soundtrack. This means the loss of celebrity voice talent present in the original, but I think the improved audio fidelity makes up for it (feel free to look up the originals on youtube and hear for yourself).The scenery, dialogue content, plot and puzzles are kept identical to the original. The game contains a journal in which you can view developer interviews, sketches, story-boards and screenshots for the original. I found myself looking in the journal to compare the old and new first thing at every location in the game. It's clearly a very nostalgic experience. Since the game features a higher resolution more details have been woven into the background in many areas, but the core gameplay is just as it is in the original.Gabriel's appearance seems to change for every game he's in and the 20th Anniversary Edition is no different. I think his features have become slightly too androgynous though (my mental image of him is formed by the original), but whether it's better or not is entirely subjective.For the newcomer to the series the 20th Anniversary edition is clearly preferable to the original, which is probably much too pixelated to be appreciated by eyes used to HD graphics.This is an inventory based point-and-click adventure game: Gabriel moves between various areas in which he can observe, pick up items, manipulate items, combine items, use items upon objects and talk to people. You progress through the game by unlocking unique dialogue options uncovering important plot points and solving puzzles which usually involves the use of found items. You can use a highlight feature to show interactable objects on the screen, which is rather convenient at times reducing paranoia ""what if I missed something? Better search every pixel again!""The puzzles sometimes requires strange solutions but the game has a built in hint system, where you can unlock tiers of hints (increasing in details) to prevent frustration.The game is deservedly loved for its story among fans, but you might not believe it from the first few hours of gameplay. The mystery plot takes a bit before it gets going. The games humor is mostly self-depreciating on Gabriel's behalf and tends to portray him as a shallow person, which might feel slightly off-putting initially. Same may apply for some of the accents used in the game, but after short habituation I found it rather refreshing and atmospheric.Bottom line: Faithful recreation of the original game with updated assets. Slow paced but very worthwhile mystery plot with sometimes weird puzzles. Recommended for those who appreciate point and click adventure games and those who liked the original."
76561198175641455,Recommended,262000,35394804,Posted: 1 October,all,michael_berg,"I think, all is said about this great Adventure,Very interesting story and good puzzles.I just wanted to say: ""Thank you, Jane Jensen, for the Adventures of Gabriel Knight!""Timeless pieces of good undertainment :)"
76561198058043953,Recommended,262000,19944209,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,kandnm115709,"Uptown girl fell in love at first sight with a downtown boy at a crime scene, who later impersonated a police officer just to talk to her, then slept with him a few days later at his place. Yeah, it sounds stupid back then and it still sounds stupid now.The 20th Anniversary Edition is perfect for newcomers to enjoy one of the better adventure game a couple of decades ago back when the genre was hot. Too bad the gameplay doesn't age well and it might turn off most newer generation of gamers. The only thing that really bothers me with this edition is the MC's voice acting. It's horrible.RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,262000,24284529,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AvaDonKos,Listen to drums carefully.zehn/zehn
,Recommended,262000,12518425,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Starman,"I am writing this review to let everyone know that not everyone from Louisiana sounds like that, and the main character probably has the worst ""cajun"" accent I have ever heard."
76561197979337900,Not Recommended,262000,20148960,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,guitar_chick05,"I cannot recommend this game. I say this because this is an adventure game based around a story. However, the voice actor that was selected for Gabriel just sounded like he was a tough guy in some Western movie, not a famous affluent author. The quality of this person's voice and drawl just ruins the game for me.If you don't care about the quality of the voice acting, then the game is executed in the expected manner and from what I slogged through is reasonable and entertaining to play."
76561197999764723,Recommended,262000,12793725,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rezay,"An excellent remake of a great game!I hope a GK 2 remake follows soon, or even better: 'Gabriel Knight 4'!"
76561198095564511,Recommended,262000,12617335,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,tatoulis2008,A milestone in the history of adventure games. Simply beloved.
,Recommended,262000,15459853,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[✠TRUMP✠] Skull☠Fuk 👌,"Fun adventure game faithful to the Sierra classic. The voices are all new here so don't expect Tim Curry or Leah Remini. Apparently the original master tapes from to V.O. recordings were lost. Jane Jensen's story still holds up after twenty years and with the graphical facelift, the game is a solid 9/10.Highly recommended for players of the original or newcomers looking for a good story, memorable characters and some challenging puzzles."
76561198001704814,Recommended,262000,22669163,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Muleskinner,"Solid point and click game as I've played many. Just the part with the mime is incredibly bugged and clicking to move doesn't work properly. Other than that, great game."
76561198031574964,Not Recommended,262000,16423745,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JeffJordan,Many years ago I've played GK II and GK III and I loved it. Oh what a disappointment this 20th Anniversary Edition is :(The game is unneccesarily hard (I did not need much help with the GK II or GK III games)I have the graphics Settings on 'fantastic' and I don't even want to know how the other modes look like because it is so poor!Before the game starts the keyboard mapping can be customized ... not that this was used for ANYTHING during the game...
76561198090829631,Recommended,262000,33914006,Posted: 30 July,all,novabeastmode,if u do not mind the rather bad graphics and the bugs this game is awesome
,Recommended,262000,14029920,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RomireOnline,Totally worth buying if your wanting a nostalga kick
,Not Recommended,262000,20324975,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,coil,"I pressed Alt + F4 almost immidiately after I've heard voice acting, I'm sorry, but this isn't just cheesy, it almost hurt. And of course I tried to give the game another chance, but just one more line from that Gabriel character and I couldn't stand it. Actors are so incredibly bad as though it's a porn movie.I absolutely do not recommend this godawful thing."
,Not Recommended,262000,12518251,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Windows95,"Sadly I can’t recommend this remake.  While the story and gameplay remain relatively true to the original, the technical improvements are a mixed bag.  It feels like they tried to put a quick coat of paint onto an old piece of wood.  It lacks the charm of the original game, which I’d recommend over the remake."
76561198031283774,Not Recommended,262000,20851200,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ctwmitch,"After played another Phoenix game - Cognition, I really have quite high expection on this one.But I disappointed..........Puzzle level is really HARD, but the story is  weak and sometimes non-sense.How is possible a person could take his own heart out?Some part of the game is fun, but most not......."
76561197998587415,Not Recommended,262000,33012095,Posted: 29 June,all,Noralynn,The main male character's voice was completely out of left field. For a second I didn't realise it was actually him speaking as it didn't really seem to fit him. It was awful! I regret buying this game.
,Not Recommended,262000,24210277,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Overkill,"Awful voice acting, wish I would have tried this in time to refund it.My Score - 2/10"
76561198113601700,Not Recommended,262000,16705964,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,*****,"I guess this game is only for those adventure gamers that want that nostalgic experience.This game started getting on my nerves very soon.There are very good point and click games out there, for example the latest broken sword part. That was an excellent one, but Sins of the Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition I can not recommend."
,Not Recommended,262000,31310758,Posted: 22 April,all,GreenBeetle,"TL,DR edit: This is the game you've been looking for:http://store.steampowered.com/app/495700/Gabriel_Knight_Sins_of_the_Father/Nah, looks pretty poor compared to the original. Graphics could be much better, the audio was recorded by amateur people and the game engine doesn't live up for nowadays standards. Pretty sloppy for such a classic game remake. It makes me want to run the original game that made me spend so many hours learning about Voodoo and African American culture when I was a teenager.(Just download the original one from an Abandonware site, run it under DOSBox and enjoy the full experience of a true gem from the 90's. If you liked the modern remake, this will make you change your mind. Just give it a try if you're really into retro adventure games, you won't regret.)"
76561197975221620,Not Recommended,262000,24097352,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MrCapone O Mineiro,Too many hard and pointless puzzles. I don´t recommend.
76561197976790520,Not Recommended,262000,33217966,Posted: 3 July,all,mindblender,Terrible port. The original version of the game is much better.
,Not Recommended,262000,15517245,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,...,A classic adventure game repainted with the same dirty brush that was used for Moebius: Empire Rising.
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,262000,31002097,Posted: 7 April,all,selambentolgi,"terrible gameplay, voice acting, music, conversations and storyline... the graphics are really nice on the other hand.. but all in all, a waste of time..."
76561198299690769,Not Recommended,262000,24455424,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,maadonna,This looked like the style of adventure game I like but I couldn't put up with the mysogynistic lead. And too hard to guess what to do next...
76561198016392328,Not Recommended,262000,12509029,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Gungle,Gabriel's voice is horrible.  2/10
76561198117073228,Not Recommended,262000,12515906,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,raegamer,Bugs to be worked out. I couldn't pass the first day because my curser vanishes in the scene where the mime follows you around. Wait until a cleaned up version is released.
76561198023672922,Recommended,262000,19142415,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,robertgafaspqr,Great classic game
,Recommended,262000,22216886,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,rick,"Two things about this game.1. The story is great and characters are great.2. The gameplay had me looking at the hints screen and even several times at walkthroughs. Certain things aren't --well enough-- explained -- or hinted at -- which leads you going to all the places and trying to figure out what the hell you are supposed to be doing.  Serveral times i had to try everything with everything and the answer had me going ""He?! really?!"".Still the game is great and enjoyable; so i'd still reccommend it."
76561198010765807,Recommended,262000,21491652,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hexile,"An amazing adventure game with an excellent story and some of the genres more excentric puzzles. The remastering takes away some of the clunkiness of the old interface and updates the graphics to something a little easier on the eyes. I have played many adventure games and run across a puzzle that was either so absurd or counterintuitive that I have left the game uncompleted, GK avoides this pitfall by having a truly captivating mystery story to drive the player onward."
,Recommended,262000,22098048,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[SAP] TheLazySamurai [SCRUB],"Amazing soundtrack, gripping yet generic storyline, would definitly recommend as a newcomer to the series."
,Recommended,262000,22091230,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Artheno,Stunningly beautiful
,Recommended,262000,30662532,Posted: 21 March,all,Mr_Muerto,"Great adventure game, Jane did a great job when she created this game. This remake may have some changes, but still a great game. No adventure game fan should miss this one."
76561198031994154,Recommended,262000,19967956,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,vegard,"Gabriel Knight is awesome, and this game looks and sounds REALLY good.I have played through the game multiple times, and know exactly what to do at every step, but after struggling with luring the mime for over 30 minutes I just dropped it. I do not consider this game playable, and bought the original game from GOG instead to salvage whats left of christmas.I will recommend this game because it really is a good effort, but it ultimately feels like a lie."
76561198055067983,Recommended,262000,20530789,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Juniper,"This game is great, although I have a gut feeling that the original experience in its day was probably slightly better.This kind of game-play really suits me, as I am a working dad, and usially ""play-time"" is sparse. Much of the game is exploring static sites, and the concept of daily events is cool. I can play this at evenings. sometimes only for 10-15 minutes exploring a site, or simply having one conversation, and I still feel that I have achieved something, furthered my progress...,It's kind of retro, without being retro. Its a perfect combination. -Besides, New Orleans is an awesome settiing for the ""Voodoo murders""!!If you think you might enjoy this, then you probably will. For me this game has certainly given more enjoyment than many other recent games. (That is if you can withstand the very naive and sexist dialogue...tale it with a 1990's attitude and you will be allright)"
76561197990550805,Recommended,262000,20600136,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,jamieoconnell,"Fantastic remake. The graphics are stunning compared with the original game, but of course 20 years of technology help that along.  I liked the new voice-overs too.  They couldn't get the original actors, but if they had, the original actors are now 20 years older as well, so it makes sense to have a new crew.   The music is improved by an order of magnitude as well.  I liked the fact that Jane Jensen did not mess with the original story, although certain theings got moved to happen on certain days to balance out the game play.There is also a new graphic novel that tells the back-story -- from several hundred years before.  It's available from the game menu.  There's also a lot of additional content available on every scene, comparing the old to new images as well as interviews with members of the original crew.  The additional content is also available from the game menu (in the Archive).I definitely recommend the Gabriel Knight remake as one of, if not the best, adventure game ever."
76561197988474593,Recommended,262000,20796782,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Talbonius,"Jane Jensen's introduction of Gabriel Knight was unforgettable and thought provoking.  Now 20 years later, it is reintroduced to a another generation of gamers.  The graphics are beautiful and the story still haunts the imagination!"
76561198067705127,Recommended,262000,20529596,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Martin,Awesome game!
76561198124856274,Recommended,262000,20718482,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,H2O Deathstar,Amazing point and click game!! Its exactly how i remembered the original!! :)
76561198005755703,Recommended,262000,21390592,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Eze,"I got this game after seeing it high up the 'Best Adventure Games Ever' list on several sites. Therefore, I had high expectations and I wasn't disappointed. What starts as a surprisingly high quality, but ordinary, mystery adventure game, turns into a true jewel during its second half. A major issue I had with it, though, is the sexism displayed by its main character. The game designer and main writer is a woman (Jane Jensen). Perhaps one ought to assume that Gabriel Knight's character is written as a criticism to the stereotypical male game protagonist."
76561198034582159,Recommended,262000,21173630,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sleeper,"Never played the original but did play GK2 the beast within when I was a kid.Puzzles are very challenging and I had to go back to the walkthrough every now and then to know what to do next. This gane is a classic and reminds me of those 90s cheezy adventure games with very hard difficulty spikes. Artwork is amazing and VO is top notch, though I would prefer Tim Curry and Mark Hamill from the original game. Love the gothic style atmosphere and dark themes. Overall story starts out pretty good but the latter end was a bit boring. Still a highly recommended game. 7.5/10"
76561197974761049,Recommended,262000,22346026,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,nemo_annonymous,"Gabriel Knight istheGold Standard in point-and-click adventures.  The 20th Anniversary Edition remake is in full 3d but maintains all the charm and wit of the original.  A few puzzles have been slightly reworked and the voice acting has been redone, but none of that detracts from the overall experience, although the new Gabriel did take a bit to ""find his voice"".  Naturally, there is also a heap of extra content, including before/after art, interviews, and retrospectives.A definite ""must"" for any old fans or new ones to come."
,Recommended,262000,30462267,Posted: 11 March,all,Sophie de Lalalie,"Never played the original, but it was a good adventure i can recommend, with some minor flaws/bugs:- funny/creepy glitches like spinning heads and ""walking"" while ""sitting""- clues you cant get to anymore, cause areas are locked- sometimes skipping dialog does not work properly- at least one of the daily hints was misplaced (wrong day)- delay in movement, which is realy annoying when you have to be quick- to have to be quick ... i realy hate this in point and click adventures, but thats just my two cents"
76561198126729571,Recommended,262000,25077264,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,dimitris17,"What a gem! There are a lot of fans of the GK series waiting for the GK4, if anyone is listening."
76561198023602512,Recommended,262000,25297626,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Alnaden,"Gabriel's Voice acting is kinda lame but overal its a really good remakeSome funny glitches (like heads moving excorcist style) and other unimportant thing but... Music, atmosphere and the story makes it a very good remake of one of my favourite adventures of all times.Even for people who never played the original game 22 years ago, its still a very good dark clasic adventure with good researched information about the dark topic of Voodoun.Good price aswell. (got it on sales)"
,Recommended,262000,24907358,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Indieana Flow,"Fantastic story, great design. One of the best Point&Click!"
,Recommended,262000,27307251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aigy,Remake of a classic adventure game with an amazing story and atmosphere. Totally would recommend this game!
,Recommended,262000,27218081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kelo,"A must have for those nostalgic old school gamers that still remember those countless hours invested in graphical adventures.This remake has been developed with care by its original creator, Jane Jensen, and the quality of the final game is superb. The entire game has been recreated in 3D and ported to the Unity engine, but the final look remains exactly the same of the original game, it has been ported very carefully, and none of the original details have been missed.I strongly recomend you buying this game!"
,Recommended,262000,24579288,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Eugene,"Замечательная игра! Великолепная графика, сюжет, история создания...Эта игра похожа на старинное вино, припрятанное на особый случай. Попробовав глоток, понимаешь, почему его продают на аукционах по баснословным ценам, почему люди собираются вместе в дегустационных залах, устраивают значимые события, почему тысячи лет люди сохраняют секреты гениального рецепта...Игру можно сравнить с парфюмом. Опьянающие нотки аромата которого постепенно овладевают человеком, говоря ему без слов, какого высокого вкуса, статуса и значимости является владелец этого аромата.К большому счастью для нас, в отличие от хорошего вина и духов, хорошие игры гораздо доступнее, а впечатлений оставляют гораздо больше! Брависсимо!Great game! Great graphics, story, history of creation...This game is similar to the old wine, that was hidden for a special occasion. Having tried a sip, you understand, why it sells at auction for a big price, why people getting together in tasting rooms, arrange significant events, why thousands of years people keep secrets of a brilliant recipe ...The game can be compared with the perfume. Those heady flavor notes gradually engross a man, telling him without words, a high taste, status and significance of this flavor owner.Fortunately for us, in contradistinction to a good wine and perfume, good game much more accessible and impressions leaves much more! Bravissimo!"
,Recommended,262000,24083209,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,garrus74,"A modernized edition of the one of the greatest adventures ever made. Not much was changed, and that's probably for the best. It's enjoyable whether one did or did not play the original (I would imagine much more for the latter category).Pros- Better graphics. You do not have to stare at pixels anymore to experience one of the best stories in PC adventure gaming history.- A pretty faithful rendition of the original puzzles. Not much ""remaking"" done.- Some of the cutscenes beat the original even.- Voice acting is surprisingly ok all things considered.- Some interface improvements (like ability to highlight all the hotspots).Cons- Occasional graphics bugs and animation blunders. Not nearly as bad as in Cognition though.- A couple of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles added that were not in the original game. Minor issue.- Some people (like Kotaku reviewers) might find the game lacks atmosphere somewhat. Though I do agree with the statement, it wasn't game breaking for me pesonally."
,Recommended,262000,24012558,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Eo Nagisa,GK is amazing. But why it is so SHORT?! D:
,Recommended,262000,24072676,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CastorKrieg,"I did not have a chance to play the original Gabriel Knight in the 1990s, for some reason I played through Monkey Island series, and then gravitated towards RPG games.Now 20 years later I find myself with a girlfriend that adores mystery and adventure games, AND who played through all the best Point&Click games of the 1990s, however never finished Gabriel Knight. Needless to say we sat down and powered through the game on a Sunday.The game is very, very enjoyable. The graphics are beautiful, I especially liked the hand-drawn backgrounds, reminding me of the Monkey Island series.For people worried about the lack of logic to the puzzles - fear not. I'm happy to say majority of them are quite straightforward, and after a moment you can figure out what to do. If you are still stuck the game introduces a GENIUS hint system, which tells you what you should do to move the plot forward.To sum up - very well done remaster of an incredible game. Glad I played it."
76561198055813828,Recommended,262000,24056046,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,nwee_42,"Honestly, I haven't played the original, but this game was fantastic, so much fun. I love that the concept art is included so you can see how the designs changed and improved from the original -- there's still a little bit of that early 90s feel too. The only aspects that needed improvement were the controls, which were slow or unresponsive at times (Gabe strolls at crucial moments), and some glitchy character models (Exorcist-style head spinning).Other than that, everything from the soundtrack to the ending is pretty satisfying for someone who likes urban fantasy/mystery plots that don't take themselves too seriously. It makes me wish that this game sold well enough at release to increase the chances of a sequel."
76561198004778594,Recommended,262000,27598881,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shini,"Thank you Jane Jensen for another brilliant game! The music, the art, the story... everything about this game was captivating from the get-go. I will be honest though, I giggled like a little school girl when I first heard Gabriel's voice, but after an hour of playing the game his peculiar voice grew on me! It's a great point & click adventure filled with mystery and charm, and I highly recommend it!"
76561198071143663,Recommended,262000,27751734,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ic451uk,"Good remake of an Adventure classic.  I've never understood why Point and Click faded away (okay, maybe the business with the cat and the moustache in Gabriel Knight 3)."
76561198103346917,Recommended,262000,22219567,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,xmaster13ag,"""Gabriel Knight - Sins of the Fathers"" (1993) - great classic quest by Jane Jensen, like the rest of the GK trilogy.Original game looks like dark thriller, sometimes in goth style. Atmosphere of the remake - brighter (lighter colors all around) and a bit cheerier.""20th Anniversary Edition is a bit more linear than the original... Many general background animations have been removed or not included... Some characters completely removed, or replaced with non-speaking individuals...""General Changes between original GK and 20th Anniversary EditionMy advice - better buy the original version of the ""GK"" and enjoy an excellent adventure game. I recommend this ""20th Anniversary Edition"" only if you hate old-school pixel graphics.GK1 Original:   8/10GK1 20th Anniversary Edition:   5/10"
,Recommended,262000,18881203,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Real KCT,"Gabriel Knight: SotF twenty years on is still a great thriller-esque story. Dealing with the primary theme of Voodoo, it's easy to tell throughout the game that rather than a shallow Hollywood approach, extensive research was made to make its portrayal of the subject authentic. Whether it actually is or not I have no idea, but it at least feels that way through the 10 hours or so it'll take to play.In the early 1990's this & similar titles such as Broken Sword pre-dated the rise in popularity of historical based thrillers from the likes of Dan Brown which arrived ten years later along with their subsequent movie adaptations. So fast forwarding to 2015, another ten years later,  new comers to this game might feel the original uniqueness of the premise a little played out.This modern adapation of the original, has strayed away from the CGA style backgrounds and pixel art sprites of the original to a somewhat cheap looking 3D render engine with some backgrounds redrawn more painter-esque.I feel this kills the atmosphere & tension that was underlying the suspense & dread of the original, especially when it reguarly freezes up and characters perform odd actions (such as Gabriel lifting his telephone by what looks telekinesis).The voice acting has also been redone, with Gabriel (originally by Tim Curry) now having a rather emotionless deep southern drawl. Initially grating, I did become accustomed towards it, but it's not a spot on the original voice. It's also missing (what was then) a star VA cast such as Mark Hamill, now replaced with unknowns. I presume the rights to the originals were too expensive to obtain but it suffers overall as a result. Audio cuts out before the dialogue lines are finished and the interface which could have actually done with an overhaul feels clunky and inefficient.They've changed the character portraits and design of several characters. This may have been an attempt to make the game seem less dated, but as all the newspaper dates in game are still in 1994 I don't think Gabriel having his original era themed haircut is a problem that needed addressing.Some positives have been added such as developer commentary & a retry option for when you die, meaning that saving every 10 minutes isn't crucial (though you probably should anyway, this is a Sierra title after-all). The comic style cutscenes are also quite impressively done.While still one of the best point and click adventure games ever made, if you're not a newcomer to the genre & can appreciate the /feel/ that pixel art used to offer,  I'd recommend sticking with the original over this remake. If you're looking for a solid story with challenging but mostly fair and logical puzzles to solve then you won't go wrong with this modern, yet slightly flawed, take on a classic."
76561198274101919,Recommended,262000,29419929,Posted: 22 January,all,Maeglan,I can't understand how I could have missed this game before.It just the kind of games I like! A very strong and interesting story (Based on the comics that I recommend too!)The remastered version is well elaborate and the graphics are beautiful.Beside the seriousness of the happenings the story line has some humoristics aspects that makes this game so unique.I strongly recommend it!
76561198006365879,Recommended,262000,29286725,Posted: 15 January,all,Markial,"I remember playing this game when it first came out and greatly enjoying it. The remake holds the same appeal as when I first made it, with the story remaining as compelling and the updated graphics giving it a greater sense of relevance."
76561198029093963,Recommended,262000,29583145,Posted: 30 January,all,laudal,"A solid point and click game. With some good characters. Great story/plot. Intersting with some decent /good twist. Is pretty hard . But, thanksfully you got a hint box that can help you if your stuck even tough i have to admit that i had to use a walktrough on some parts. Cant say to much towards it soundtrack i played it mainly on mute (reasons). The puzzles makes sense enough. And is just long enough too, so it dont overstay it welcome, yeah i recommned it and while the gameplay and how you combine and use itmes might be a little difficult at the beggining you will eventually get the track of it sooner or later.NB: there are some circumstances you have to do things in a specific order.  Witch is pretty lame as it might in worst case force you save over a other save files, thus i suggest you to have at least two saves after each in \ game day."
76561198084379253,Recommended,262000,29573715,Posted: 29 January,all,MrAbu,It's like Gabriel Knight only without Tim Curry.
76561197965138523,Recommended,262000,29310224,Posted: 16 January,all,Attractive Tyrone,"Easily one of the best Point and Click adventure games ever made. The remake is amazing.Textures, animations, SOUNDTRACK, and STYLE of the traditional point and click is mastered in this game.Learned everything about the Voudoun (voodoo) culture that possibly exists. Great cultural information packed in the game regarding African history and New Orleans.11/10"
76561197992692737,Recommended,262000,29319796,Posted: 17 January,all,Asteroid27,Wonderful game. Really enjoyed playing it. Darker than most point'n'click games but also more engaging than some of the more recent ones I've played. Recommended.
76561198114258101,Recommended,262000,28916643,Posted: 1 January,all,Ksquared,"Overall wonderful game.  A few of the puzzles aren't intuitive and I needed to search for some help, but this anniversary edition looks and plays great.  Highly recommended!"
76561198197172426,Recommended,262000,29935299,Posted: 14 February,all,lindachavez60,excellent game
,Recommended,262000,28964082,Posted: 2 January,all,RmmR111,"I've never played the original gabriel knight games, so I'm new into the storyline, but I gotta say, if you're a story driven gamer Like me, you should give this one a go.Basically, Play it for the marvelous story, the gameplay is good, not great, but  if the graphics are an important factor in your gaming experience.... steer clear of it.First the good:The Story is interesting and develops at a nice rate, and draws you in with every chapter - or day - you play through.You follow gabriel Knight, a writer that investigates a series of murders with voodoo roots in New orleans in 1993 with the police department for his supposed best seller, and then the story grows deeper.I found it quite charming that they didnt try and modernize it, quite refreshing.The voice acting is quite good, and the scripts are witty and enjoyable. 10/10 in this part.Now... the bad:being this a point and click you wont expect QTEs or car chases, or fighting segments, But the characters could move in a really disturbingly clunky way. You need gabriel to go to on side of a room to get... a pair of scissors. he will crawl there, take the scissors, say something and then, there's a pause.Its a couple of seconds in which the character stays still, you cant control it, or order any actions and you just have to wait for it to pass. Its as if you took the scissors, and then needed to look at them and think ""oh these are scissors, Scissors cut stuff. NOW i can move on"". This was a recurring thing and it broke down the flow of the game more often than it should.Another thing, that really disappointed me, was the appearance.It was a bit all over the place. I'm not obsessed with graphics, but its a bit of an eyesore that You're playing a remaster issued somewhere between 2013/14 and the models seem to be out of the sims 1, with clunky animations and odd textures. This by itself isn't bad, but you have beautifully painted backgrounds and lovely cutscenes in a painting like style. THEN you had another style of art in the same game, when you interacted with NPCs. Two drawn portraits would appear over the game with facial animations that sometimes cutted down the drawing on the lip or brow area and that had Nothing to do with the cutscenes Nor the game models.I would love love love to see it in some sort of animated style like... I don't know, any of the daedalic games, consistent and according to the marvelous story."
76561198354986397,Recommended,262000,29777546,Posted: 8 February,all,anna.reneland,"I loved Gabriel Knight Sins of the Fathers when it first came out and playing this new re-make makes me so happy, it's like falling in love all over again. To be honest I do not think it would have been the same just playing the old game because after 20 years you have higher expectations of resolution and graphics (at least I do). Now I just hope that there will be more re-makes of the other two GK games.10/10"
,Recommended,262000,30069863,Posted: 20 February,all,SE Tonx,Great.
76561198048385355,Recommended,262000,34698362,Posted: 2 September,all,TerezarOmega,"While I miss the talent of Tim Curry, Mark Hamil, Jim Cummings, and Michael Dorn, the new actors do a really good job of capturing those original characters.The story is fantastic, though I can't give any real details about it. Let's just say that Jane Jensen really understood her subject matter, and she does the real world counterpart justice.The pacing is great, the puzzles are for the most part not abstract, and the game won't let you screw yourself like most other sierra games. I am reasonably sure it's impossible to put this game in an unwinnable state.All in all, I cannot recommend Gabriel Knight enough. The atmosphere is dark with touches of levity, the storyline is gripping, the puzzles are fun, and the acting talent does a good job. 10/10"
76561198251896430,Recommended,262000,34841517,Posted: 9 September,all,codygsmith66,"This is a review of Gabriel Knight Sins of The Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition.I remember a number of years ago, playing the original game, and loving it, played it so much, and beat it as well, when I heard it was going to get overhauled into the 20th Anniversary Edition, I was excited, mainly because the original Gabriel Knight Sins of The Fathers is my favorite point and click adventure game, and this edition is just as good as that.I love how the music sounds, they touched the music up, but it still has the same overall feel of the original, and it helps that the same man that did the origina music, also did the music for this edition as well, his music is awesome.The graphics are touched up and have a more 3d feel, but are still really good, I enjoyed the graphics for the game, but I did notice a couple of bugs that kinda took me away from the immersion slightly, there was one point in the game where Gabriel took his sketchbook out to sketch some markings at the crime scene, and when he put away the sketchbook after he was done, the sketchbook floated in the air for a few seconds, and noticed a few minor bugs pop up hear and there, but nothing that took away my immersion, but the second instance where i was taken out of the immersion and my mouth kinda dropped open in both shock and amusement, was there was one scene where Grace was walking Gabriel up, and they had a conversation after he woke up, and after the conversation was over and she was walking out of the room, Gabriel's head spun in circles a few times before finally stopping, these are the only real issues I really had in the game.Now, onto the voices, from what I've read, people have been complaining about the voices, because they prefer the original voices and still even now thing they should be added, but the problem is, from what the developer wrote in a notice is that the original voice recordings were lost and they tried to just strip them from the original game, which ended up with the quality being shoddy, and they couldn't get the original people back, because it's been 20 years, their voices have changed and it would probably cost a lot to get them at this point, with these actors being so busy now, so they went with a whole new cast, and honestly,  liked the new cast, they all did a really good job, or anyway that is what I think, people should give this game a break on the voice cast department, all you need to do is play a bit and get used to the voices, anyway, love the actors in this, they all did a great job.They still do the graphic novel cut scenes which are really cool, and they have added some new stuff to the game that wasn't in the original, added new cut scenes, i think they also modified some of the areas that were in the original, not sure though, been a while since i played the original.Overall, the mechanics of the game have remained the same, you still talk, pick up, look, all of the normal stuff that point and click adventure games are known for, and they do it well, really enjoyed the controls, the only thing i do with is that when double clicking somewhere, Gabriel would run instead of teleporting, the teleporting kinda takes away from the immersion a bit, but it's not a huge deal or a game breaker, so i'm ok with it.Also, if you like puzzles in Point and Click adventure games, then you'll be in heaven, this game has all of the old puzzles, and possibly a couple new ones, but not sure if any are new, possibly.Overall, this game has met and surpassed my expectations and in my opinion, it is as good, if not better than the original.This has been my review of Gabriel Knight Sins of The Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition, all of these are my own opinion, and mainly what I think, have a great day."
,Recommended,262000,34840733,Posted: 9 September,all,nykfist,"I found the voice acting to get better as the story progressed, and the only bug I experienced was when Gabriel's head spun around at the end of a dialogue scene, haha.I definitely recommend this game."
76561198134726491,Recommended,262000,35500373,Posted: 5 October,all,ioannis michailidis,"One of the best games ever made. 10/10, just clasic :-)"
