user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,262280,15594609,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Deathcricket,"Edited for after I was able to find the last 2 levels....TLDR: Get Dwelvers it's $14.99, and in beta has more content than this ""completed"" $40 game.I'll start this review with what I did like.1. It's a faithfull Dungeon Keeper clone. It's fun being a bad guy and fighting the forces of good.2. I loved the artwork, graphics, way the characters look, etc.3. The story is fun and well written.4. It is a fun game overall, at a price point of say $15, I would give it a thumbs up.Now for what I didn't like.1. Too much handholding. For example ""you are going to be attacked in 3:45 and counting, get ready here they come"" on every single level for every enemy. ""Here is a big exclamation of where you need to go and what you need to do"" and the narator relentlessly pesters you to go there at a rapid pace, or ""build these unit because you need them"". I would prefer to be surprised when I explore and not have the game lead me through every minor step.2. Way too easy, with no way to increase the difficulty. Build a trap chest at the end of a 4x6 room, preceeded by a swinging mace, and 2 tar pits.. and you can defeat about 90% of the enemies that enter your dungeon.  There are a couple levels where more enemies come in, oh but they warn you well ahead of time so you just prepare for that. They do have an interesting mechanic where the enemies will send the bard in first to disable your traps, but if you put the trapped chest behind your traps the greedy good guys will bypass this and not wait for the bard because they want to get the treasure first, and they all die, every time. I would much prefer a color system, like a green bard can disable x and y traps, a blue bard can disable y and z traps, and no trapped chest that bypass the bards entirely. That way you would have to actually have an assortment of traps to handle different party configs. But no, the level 1 traps kill everything and there is no reason to even upgrade to the level 2 or 3 traps unless for fun and to just see how they work.Surface creeps are equally easy, you pretty much just steamroll everything. I think the original concept was you should only bring half your crew and leave the other half in the dungeon to continue working? But you quickly find out that in every encounter, the 1 or 2 of your army that die are resurrected (with zero penalty) inside your dungeon and start working anyway. So anyone playing quickly finds out that you just take your entire army out and the few that do die can get the dungeon in working order for your return. The one exception to this rule and was an interesting surprise, in that your level 2 healers actually STOP healing when they hit level 3 and turn into pure DPS chars. So I did get decimated once and I was unable to ressurect everyone before they decayed and had to rebuild my army from scratch. But I quickly learned my lesson to just leave my healers at level 2 and never upgraded them the rest of the game.3. Almost zero control over your troops. Example.. So you can make these cool assasins, they can turn invisible and with 2 or 3, pretty much kill a high value target. They get a a high DPS sneak attack when coming out of stealth. So let's say a group of enemies comes into your dungeon and you want to assassinate the bard. Is there any way to do this? Nope sorry! You either sound an alarm bell and watch your troops come in 1 at a time, or you manually pick them up drop them near the enemies and hope for the best. Zero control, they just kinda duke it out and occaisionally use the skills they have. Now the game is simply easy (to the point of trivial) so this is really a small complaint, but if there were any challenge associated with battles, and you wanted to actually kill specific high value targets in any kind of order. Like let's say kill the healers first... You can't. Now on the surface you get a little more control over your troops you can manually click the unit and position it, and use it's special ability. But when you have 12 units in a fight, clicking on each one giving it a command as it's running around is kinda pointless with such short battles. The only micro control you actually do is move the tanks to the front, healrs and dps in the back, and wade into the enemy and it's over very quickly. Ideally you would not have to click on each single unit. I would rather select my entire army, hit tab to select the blood orcs, have them summon wolves, hit tab to select my asassins, have them turn invisible to get a bonus attack from stealth, etc. But combat was seriously overlooked and as a result they just opted for short combats with 6 ""good guys"" against your 12 ""evil"" horde. It's simply a steamroll because there is no combat functionality built into the game.4. Game sounds and narrator. At first when you start out it's very enjoyable. The narrator is a♥♥♥♥♥♥and yelling at you to do stuff. It's wonderful! But after the 19th time the narrator tells you to ""Go make 3 orcs and go to this spot on the map I'm sick of waiting for you"" it gets old. This also ties into the handholding. The narrator is better muted so you can explore the game and have fun. instead of constantly yelling at you and telling you exactly where to go and what to build next. The Demon mana generators also make the most annoying noise I have ever heard in any video game in a long long time. Mute, mute mute.. Ahh much better... The game noises are gone and play some Pandora, much much better.5. Not enough content. If I didn't play through it 2x looking for the last 2 levels (small bug just click on the skeleton icon and it takes you there). I would estimate the game can be completed in 15 hours. For $40, I expect to get between 30-60 hours of gameplay from it for it to be a good value. Compared to their competition, a game named Dwelvers, which runs $15 and I have 30 hours into it on beta, this is not a good value IMO.6. Spell system. With the exception of ""recall to base"" troops and the ""go here"" spell. The remaining 25 spells are useless and the entire system is not even worth bothering with. For example you shoot a fireball and it does virtually no damage. Shoot a metoer storm? Oh yeah area effect virtually no damage also. Again this is a minor complaint since a level 1 exploding chest does 90% damage to most units. But why even put it in there? The only use I could find for the spells is like a would see a fairie with 2 health left limping into my dungeon, and I wanted to shut the narrator up screaming ""enemies in your dungeon!"" and I could not be bothered to pick up an orc to kill them? Yeah I'll shoot a fireball to do 3 damage and kill that limping fairy who somehow magically managed to survive the 4 level 1 traps who usually dispatch most most enemies. But most of the time you just ignore the fairy, she will run into something and get one shotted soon enough. But yeah, it was nice to just to shut the narrator up and have him stop screaming at you I guess. But magic on the whole is innefective and useless.Closing thoughts....If there was maybe a way to make it more difficult so you don't just blow through it so fast and more of a challenge. It would have a lot going for it, particuarlly the enjoyable art and great dungeon building tools they have in place. I would also like to see an enemy evil guy to compete with, who breaks into your dungeon from a random place, but instead the enemies always come through the main door, 6 every time with zero challenge, run into your traps and die. Also when digging inot a new room full of spiders, have them get mad and charge in to to kill my guys, not just stand sit there until I can get around to farming them for expos. They had some great ideas, just a sad implementation and were probably on a limited schedule for release. It shows."
,Recommended,262280,19572503,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,The_Toast3r,"Worthy successor to Dungeon Keeper.When I write ""worthy"" I mean good. Not better, though.The evil (meaning fun)+ Awesome compaign, was really surpised by that. Yes it is pretty easy. But worthwile by general design and feel - AND, most importantly, due to that awesome written and spoken narrator! Huge amount of jokes and references to games, movies and books.+ Graphics are not breath taking but still quite atmospheric. As it is somewhat comic-lookie-lookie, I guess it won't feel ""old"" too fast, which is good in my opinion.+ Overworld concept for SP+ When ""liberating"" overworld areas, cool change effects to dark side (sadly no cookies)+ Most creatures are useful on their own way, so it can make sense to not all upgrade them to highest variant (although you don't have to care on normal difficulty)+ Different races+ Gold variants make sense (normal, long lasting, infinite)The good (meaning not fun)- Music. Pretty boring. Pretty fast boring. I recommend getting the soundtrack from Dungeon Keeper 1+2 (youtube helps) and play that in the background. Ten times better than ingame one.- Glitches. There are no game braking bugs at least. But there's a ton of smaller stuff getting on your nerves: hardly being able to click a specific monster during a fight. No real feeling for where you drop one. The bright border effect for where you gonna drop/cast at is sometimes really weird. Can't pick up a specific unconsious monster, as the clickable area is not where it lies. Sometimes clicks on spell icons just do nothing, have to click twice.- Performance. Seriously, this games runs slower than Anno 2070 on a huge map as soon as you have 10+ creatures. And weirdly this is CPU limiting here (100% usage on 4x 2,5 GHz), while my GPU (AMD 7950) was bored. Also when dropping couple of creatures in a row and when digging a new area, there's this ""stutter"" after every action/digged block. Really smells like badly optimized engine.- Cannot beat chickens to pulpy messes :/When comparing to Dungeon Keeper:- Less stuff to build and do than in DK (i.e. missing prison and torture chamber)- More casualized feel, e.g. traps damage (remember that huge boulder which just killed everything?), simplified ""who works which room"" and missing skeleton/ghost/vampire/... mechanics- No VS mode against AI Keeper. Skirmish maps just drop stronger waves of heroes against you.- Slower! I do like slower games in general, but sometimes in SP it can get really boring. Mostly due to slow workers (get's better after upgrading them, though)- Some atmospheric stuff regarding the creatures is missing: monsters attacking each other (spiders vs. flies) or the wizards getting annoyed of all the commotion in the library- No real ""feedback"" of higher level monsters. They can cast anything right from the start (after researched), so it feels like you do not have to take such care of them. Which is only partly true, as they DO get stronger. Still feels not as good here as when dropping a couple of level 10 wizards+dragons in DK1 onto the enemy :D (also any creature can be revived anyway)FinallyOverall this is a good game. If you like the old Dungeon Keeper 1+2 go ahead and give it a try.I had quite fun playing and guess will start again in the future. And of all DK like games, this is in my opinion the best successor so far.In direct comparison however, I'd say I still prefer DK1+2 slightly over Dungeons 2.(Sadly DK2 is not working on mine and many other rigs I know due to graphic driver issues :/ )"
,Not Recommended,262280,18110656,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Koohandluke,Almost but no dice.Why do all these company’s just fail to create what they know we want?This game is just lacking and leaves you wanting more Dungeon Keeper it really does.It gives you the feeling  like your about to have a great Evil dungeon master experience then falls short with limited rooms and limited units just limited everything.It’s not an awful game it plays well responds well and the story is even fun. it’s just hard to enjoy when in the back of your mind you know its already been done better years ago and the entire time thats what your craving.
76561198000524801,Not Recommended,262280,23706326,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Swamp Cat,"I've bought the game over a year ago, it was fun to play, but a little too easy. It is a RTS game which takes place in dungeons and the Overworld, gameplay is far away from Dungeon Keeper, but it is fun. Patch 1.5 came out in the middle of October 2015, from this day on the game was unplayable with 1 fps or slower. The developers admitted that there is a memory leak, but they like to keep quiet about it and blame everybodies PC. They have 5 answers ready how to fix your problem, mainly update drivers, but if drivers are up to date and the problem carries on you will be ignored from that moment on. I am waiting over 8 months now for a patch to fix the memory leak, but it doesn't look like anything will happen. They ported the game to the PS4 and promised a fix for the PC after they finished the PS4 version, but so far nothing. Take a look at the forum, there are many bug reports without solution, so unless there is a patch which fixes all the bugs don't buy this game unless you want to gamble."
76561198052582282,Not Recommended,262280,15528584,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lord von Fleck,"Dungeon Keeper and Evil Genius are the standards that such games will always be held too... and this one... comes in lacking.  Very dissapointed.  I am not saying its bad, and I would like to give a true ""rating"" instead of a ""Positive"" vs ""Negative"" review.Game mechanics aren't bad.  Could be optimized more.  Larger dungeons lag hard, add that to the fact that both underworld and overworld are on the same screen... can get a bit jumpy.  Its design is still fairly well done.I think for me, the problem comes from its anti-immersion approach.This game goes out of its way not to take itself serious.  Which can be good, especially if its great dark humor... .How can it be ""Good to be bad"" evil Dungeon Lord when the whimsical narrative insults you every 5 minutes (not kidding), and when you finally get a few intense moments of bloody combat where the narrator isn't insulting you, the narrator chimes in reminding you that you are 'just playing' a game.It is incredibly hard in this game to feel like a great dungeon lord (picture Vader in pink, where everyone insults him to his face).  Narrator actually tells you, your minions are mocking you, and what do you, the fearsome ""ultimate evil""... nothing.Following on this ""LIGHT"" hearted approach to dark-hearted (HA) genre is the bright cartoony graphics, and the lack of any evil / dark / scary graphics or items.This game is so close to being just right in mechanics, and then it goes the other direction in the way it presents it.Now, if you replace the jabbing ""BARD"" narrator with intense sinister Hamlin? Replace the Disney Robin Hood graphics with the original (Dugeon Lord 1) darker graphics (maybe add a few heads on spikes and some bones... something, anything sinister), now we are recapturing the genre."
76561197994328615,Recommended,262280,15559676,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,mrChips,"This is a first impressions review after an evening's play.Overall 7.5/10Pros:Visuals and monster designs are appealing.Dungeon management gameplay is solid and on par with the original Dungeon Keeper games.Some new features improve on DK2 - the ability to fill tiles back in, for example.Primary writing - cutscenes and level intros - is mostly funny.The overworld becomes pleasingly despoiled and Mordor-like as your Orcs clear it of enemy soldiers and fluffy bunnies.Imp slappingNeutral:Economically feels much harder than DK2:Imps cannot carry much gold and move very slowly when doing soImps do not seem to level upPaydays are very frequentSo far there is no equivalent of the infinite gem blockImps need to work to produce food (beer)Overworld gameplay, while fleshed out enough to feel like more than a minigame, is weak compared to a proper RTS. Exploration is quite engaging but combat is all zerg, all the time. This was in line with my expectations, hence listing as neutral.Cons:The Narrator is only about half as funny as the developers think he is, and would benefit greatly from an option to turn off his obnoxious nag messages whenever you don't rush headlong to complete every objective. In particular, struggling to complete an objective because it introduced a new mechanic without explaining it properly, while the game literally calls you a lazy dunce every 2 minutes, is not compelling gameplay (I'm looking at you, fighting pits).Embedded advertising is not acceptable in a full-price game and should be removed.Mouse control is sometimes clumsy. It's not clear where the actual pointer is on the big floaty hand, unlike DK2 where it was always the tip of the index finger. Also the cursor tends to pass behind UI overlay notifications, making them difficult to clickThere appears to only be three skirmish mapsOverall, the dungeon gameplay *is* Dungeon Keeper 3, and this is enough to overlook the game's shortcomings and keep you coming back after you turn it off because the narrator annoyed you a bit too much for one day."
76561198047349435,Not Recommended,262280,18125119,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jandroan,"Pros.Excelently designed graphics and gameplay(somewhat) comical narrator.Cons.VERY HIGH PRICENot enough contentPointless DLC that should have been freeAdvertising in game and lack of narrator dialouge outside of story missions.The game isnt bad, but not worth the $40 price, maybe get it on sale if you want it that bad, but i didn't get as much out of the game as i would have liked."
,Not Recommended,262280,20121372,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Taurmin,"This game has a lot of nice things going for it, the aestetics are well designed and while the humor is not brilliant it does have its share of chuckle worthy moments.But, it is abysmally slow. Like in dungeon keeper you rely on mining gold in order to drive the expansion of your dungeon, but where dungeonkeepers imps are efficient little speedfreaks the worker units in Dungeons 2 move more like arthritic old men and very large ammounts of time are spent waiting for them to collect and move gold to your vault so it can be spent. This is further aggravated by a very restrictive population cap that prevents you from keeping more than a handful of workers around without comprimising your army size. It is possible to upgrade your workers to move at a more acceptable pace, but by the time these upgrades become available you have progressed so far that they no longer usefull.The game does not, in fact, have very much content to it, but it is artificially padded by this resource throttling. The campaign is fairly short and skirmish play pretty lackluster. Most of the skirmish maps are taken directly from the campaign and simply stripped off their narative and objectives.I had some fun with this game, but only after i started cheating to give myself gold and speed up progression to something a little faster than continental drift. I cannot recommend getting this game unless these pacing issues are adressed, which seems unlikely."
76561197983517632,Recommended,262280,15573739,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Richard Rahl,"Great Game, lots of fun. Controlling your minions with a black and white style brings back all my nostalgia. The tower defense feeling and rts side is outstanding. The game feels a mix of black and white, warcraft 3, Dungeon Keeper, and even a feeling of dwarf fortress. The Combat is entertaining if a little crowded and the AI that handles fighting is extremely smart. Simple right-click into a battle will have your minions not running like idiots to their deaths. If they get hit, they hit back.That being said. It feels like it is missing too much content.-3 maps for skirmash and 6 maps for multiplayer after the release is a little disappointing. Hoping for community maps maybe.-Narrator talks too much. Wish I had an option to mute him or skip the dialogue.-Lag Issues when units are being hit by traps.-Payday needs to either be longer or instanteous. Half of the time the minions are just walking back and forth between paydays.-Minions slack off way too easily requires a lot of slapping.-Demons are currently underpowered and cost too much pop.This games needs to let you play the human Race, like a game mode of dungeon Invader almost. If new maps come out and the lag issues are handled, this game will be alot more fun. It just feels like it is missing something to keep me playing."
,Recommended,262280,15610251,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Theik,"The GoodDungeon Keeper 2 remeniscent gameplay, what's not to like?The narrator does a great job at making fun of the genre, other fantasy games, Game of Thrones and basically anything else he happens to come across.Easy to get into.The MehThe game's economy feels very wonky. Lacking Dungeon Keeper's infinite gem sources near your throne room means that the longer the game goes on, the more spread out your gold is going to get. With frequent paydays, this means that your slower creatures will quite literally walk from their work spot to the far end of the dungeon, get their gold, walk back, then by the time they get back they are hungry/craving worship, a bit bored, by the time their needs are filled it's already payday again, causing them to never actually do any work unless you manually transport gold to a central location.The campaign isn't very long. The demon campaign feels rather hastily tacked on with only two missions, but then again...The demon faction as a whole feels poorly streamlined. Especially the evolution part where you toss a minion into a sacrificial pit and then toss your demon on works very wonky. While the concept is cool, demons tend to get bored/hungry/payday-y while they are evolving and simply wander off. While horde creatures will return to their training after taking care of their needs, demons will refuse to go back, forcing you to toss them in again and start the entire process all-over. This is especially brutal for the third tier creatures, where it can take up to 2 minutes (with improved evolve speed) for them to evolve. I eventually just gave up because they would consistently wander off.Certain options in the game feel vastly inferior to others. For example, you can turn gold into mana as a demon. Why you would do this is anybody's guess, as it is incredibly easy to get mana, as opposed to gold. Then there's the guard room, which feels like it was added just because Dungeon Keeper had it, yet where in Dungeon Keeper you had to worry about multiple points of entry and you couldn't be everywhere at once, you see enemies coming from miles away in this game thanks to the overworld map, making it a rare day indeed where you can't simply scoop up a handful of creatures and toss them at the entrance to block their entry.Overworld combat feels incredibly clunky. You can only use a few skills like Entrench and Stealth when you have an entire group of creatures selected, but you can't actually 'subselect' inside this group. So you have to deselect the entire thing, then select only the minions with the skill you want to use, then use it. Which is all a lot of effort when basically the best way to deal with overworld combat is to just zerg in with a huge group and not bother with skills at all.All in all, it's a fun game, but it could use some polish."
76561198015158223,Recommended,262280,26683298,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,foszae,"Ah why did i leave this sitting in my library unplayed?  This game is a ton of fun.  It's a very respectable dungeon-builder of its own right, and it throws in forays into the Overworld conquering the 'rest' of the map.You start out with a limited selection of units, but they each have two levels of upgrade which ramps them up into much more impressive creatures with a wide variety of powers.  Later in the campaign, you suddenly get to switch to a wholly different faction which substantially shifts your building style and army composition.The Narrator who talks you through the campaign is funny, if a bit stuck on topical humour.  He can be a bit of a nag if you're a slow-paced min-max kind of builder, but there is an option to reduce or eliminate certain types of comments he makes (which is a feature almost every game should have for any speaking character).If you also go for the Game of Winter DLC, be advised that the difficulty is ramped up considerably.  The assumption is you already know how to play the game well, so a few missions are constant zerg rushes from multiple entrances to your dungeon.  Quickly block corridors and carve a single long route that every invader has to funnel through.  And make sure you sally forth to start neutralizing their overworld spawn points as soon as possible.This is actually a well put-together game, and is heartily recommended."
76561198012949375,Not Recommended,262280,15566230,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Grumpy_Tiger,"Dungeons 2 at it's core is a game that attempts to take on too much and produces too little.The game is split into two modes, a dungeon mode where you manage your base by digging out the earth and creating specialized rooms.  The other mode is an overworld mode which is RTS lite.And the problem is that it does none of them well.  The overworld mode is a point and click affair with little of the RTS intricies one would expect from a modern day RTS.  The fights are against placed enemy units and bases consist of like 3 buildings.  Don't expect to have to do much microing.The Dungeon mode has you sending out your minons to carve earth and collect gold to fuel the rest of your base.  You get to zone areas for specialized rooms, like a brewery to make beer that will keep the rest of your army happy.  Or a tinker workshop who create toolkits to use for traps and all your research.And traps.. the game gives the impression you get to build this intricate dungeon full of traps.. and you really don't.  The first trap you get to research, the exploding chest, is about the only thing you need about and 4 of them in a line will finish any parites that go into your party. Unless there is a halfling thief who will just disable all your traps and be immune to them.  The best way is just to throw your military units at the adventurers.And the game is slow, collecting gold is an almost painful endevour, you have to set treasure rooms all over the place or it takes even longer for your goblins to haul it.  It almost seems on purpose because the amount of content is serverly lacking: only 11 missions in total.One decently good thing about the game is the narrator, it's the same individual from Stanley's Parable and while there are a number of lines that miss, there are a number that can produce a chuckle.  And while the storyline is about as generic as can be and handled with kid gloves, it is somewhat refreshing to be the 'bad guy' in a game stomping the good guys down.But at the current price of the game, I can't recommend it, maybe if you could pick it up on sale for like 10 bucks it might be worth it."
,Recommended,262280,16123095,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tarum,"I'm in love with this game, it's absolutely amazing and super-fun! 45Euros well spent!PROS:+ the art-direction and the animations are superb and who miss Warcraft III will find it very familiar.+ two factions: Horde (trolls-orcs-goblins) and the demons.+ the narrator is funny. if you don't like his reminds you can kill this features in the options.+ awesome dungeon management, it reminds me DK2 (of course).+ nice and simple RTS part of the game, when you are outside your dungeon.+ RTS and Dungeon Management are well balanced, so you don't become mad looking outside of your dungeon and inside it.++ even if the game is inspired by dungeon keeper, it's really a great and fun game by itself, with personal mechanics and pros.CONS:- the firsts levels in the campagin are easy, but this is not bad for everyone. In skirmish you can choose the difficulty and there's also the Multiplayer, that I have not tried."
76561197982727216,Recommended,262280,15531034,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,alanisman1,"If you don't already know, this is a dungeon builder similar to the Dungeon Keeper franchise.  Being a huge fan of this genre, I can say that I'm pleasantly surprised at the quality of this game, even though there are a few flaws that prevent it from becoming an instant classic.  I do feel like these flaws can still be corrected, and judging by the activity of the Developers in the forums, I have hope.  Overall, I do recommend this game.PROS+ Feels more like Dungeon Keeper than Dungeons 1+ LOTS of rooms, traps and creatures to build and upgrade+ Overworld adds a fresh layer of depth+ Fun sense of progression and growth+ Lots of room for future expansions and improvements+ Feels polished and stableCONS- Lack of random world generator may limit replayability- Famous announcer isn't as funny as he tries to be- Selecting your characters is a painful chore (one at a time underground?!)- Huge ""Master Hand"" pointer has zero precision- Commanding a large army carefully is virtually impossible- Keeping Little Snots (imps) working where you want can be tough"
,Recommended,262280,31764161,Posted: 15 May,all,Zenoslaf,"Very fun game that partially captures Dungeon Keeper spirit. Music, sound and graphics are really top notch, gameplay is easy enough to grasp, the game is highly addictive so I say anything but recommend it. I got it on Steam sale, but recent Humble free promotion reminded me on the quality of this game.Get down there and unleash the armies of Hell!Graphics:★★★★★Sound:★★★★★Gameplay:★★★★☆Music:★★★★☆Overall:★★★★☆"
,Recommended,262280,18650348,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,A great dungeon manager game.Pros+ Great Artstyle+ Brilliant Voiceovers+ Interesting storyline+ Lots of ways to build up your dungeonCons- A lot of hand-holding early on in the campaign- Formulaic
,Recommended,262280,32843770,Posted: 26 June,all,DokMurda,"Great dungeon creator type game.  Not quite a Dungeon Keeper 2 type, but unique in it's above ground and dungeon atmosphere.  Good game to play when you just want to sit back and build a base."
,Recommended,262280,15586012,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mason,"Brilliant game, great humour. Some people say it tries to sell you things, they don't understand jokes. But anyway, tons of references, great gameplay if you are into slow dungeon building, if you try to rush levels you can have a good fast paced close calls game too. Currently it's quite new so only 2 playable factions, single player campaign is good, about 30 hours of gameplay and skirmishes are always nice.I give it a 8/10, great game, hope they improve it, get rid of bugs like mono crash (After around 6 hours ingame you sometimes get a crash) and add the undead as a playable faction, as well as other evil things too, there are so many more evils to make factions for I think this game will have at least 2 or 3 DLC's."
76561197973706677,Recommended,262280,30163767,Posted: 25 February,all,blacktomcat,"Description:Its an slow paced rts game that resembles Dungeon Keeper 2 a LOT!Pros:- The game mechanics work well - the game actually has interesting strategic points (kind of a tower defense game, combined with a bit a trap building, training and unit control)- The humor is fairly special but very good (breaking fourth wall, refering to other games, popculture etc.)- Its easy to learn and decent to control (camera and mouse precision is working well)- The feedback is good (your action have consequences and you can feel em)- The overworld parts are an addition that works well and actually make this game better, as you are not only defensive anymoreCons:- VERY Short- The magic seems quirky (some spells are very strong, the others are somewhat useless)These things might be good or bad, depending on your own preferences:- Extremly easy (the Winter addon is a bit better, but still fairly easy)- The pace is EXTREMLY slowToo long, didn't read:If you like Dungeon Keeper or Deadpool style 4th wall humor, give this game a chance. And don't give up after the first mission! It picks up at the third mission :)+ get the winter addon. It actually adds real value!"
,Recommended,262280,31091279,Posted: 11 April,all,antirelic,"Not a bad game, but a sad break from its predecessor, Dungeons. I miss creating elaborate dungeons to amp up the hero's interest and treasure just to snatch them before they try to escape! Dungeons 2 is very dumbed down version of Dungeons. Unlike its predecessor, there isn't much interesting replay materials here. But, its a good release for Kalypso, which is a great indy studio which I throw my support to as much as possible."
,Recommended,262280,16690827,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DCE | Kaiser Von Jeffe,"A fun but ultimately flawed game. I picked this up on a steam sale for 20 bucks and enjoyed the hell out of the single player campaign. Will multiplayer or skirmish be as good? Not sure.  I just played the campaign. I just don't know how multiplayer or skirmish will work. There are a lot of things that can be improved upon.Positive+ Wonderful atmosphere and narration. I cracked a smile enough times I was waiting wondering what the narrator would say next.+ Good Dungeon Management game play. I feel it could be sped up somehow but overall it was an enjoyable experience.+ Graphics are goofy and fit all aspects of the game. I was a little concerned about this part but the more I played it the more I enjoyed the look.Negatives- Unit control was clunky and not a whole lot was explained.  A lot of people compare the overworld part to playing Warcraft 3. It's true to an extent but creating groupings and general control felt very clunky.- Room control.  I enjoyed all the additional aspects of the rooms but I feel like they could have better managed how you switch between them.  I was constantly looking for my armory or my tinker shop. Even my hospital was hard to find in a large dungeon. They really needed an extra menu to control these rooms without looking for them.- Gameplay pace.  I play a lot of strategy games but the campaign took me forever to complete when it probably should have taken me half the time. Even the narrator told me to speed it up.Overall 7.0 out of 10.  It's a very good addition to the genre but I have a personal bias for WFTO. If you want a Dungeon Keeper experience, get that game(be aware it's got a lot of issues). If you want something similar and done professionally, get Dungeons 2.  It's far and beyond better than the original. They honestly should have called it something different."
76561198051753752,Recommended,262280,15523632,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Flinty,"Fun digging, nothing like the first one, nice graphics, UI could be better, Linux port works well, 8/10.45E though, get it with -50%."
76561197979141701,Recommended,262280,24599264,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,OmegaWolf,"With mixed feelings, I'm recommending this game.  Read on for the full review and gamer beware.Dungeons 2 is a worthy heir to Dungeon Keeper legacy and also throws in some War Craft style RTS gameplay.  The mechanics are incredibly polished and storyline is very tongue-in-cheek but amazingly thought out and scripted.  Anyone who was a fan of the original Dungeon Keeper franchise, or RTS's in general will definitely enjoy this title.Now for the issues which gave me pause.  Unfortunately, I just paid $30 for a tutorial campaign.  That is unacceptable Kalypso.  I love your franchise and this was a COMPLETE DISSERVICE.  After spending less time to complete than almost any other game I've played, it ended just as soon as it had begun, LITERALLY TELLING YOU 'Now comes the real game', and, oh yeah, BUY IT!  As to why I say it's a tutorial campaign, you literally CAN NOT LOSE!  The entire campaign was designed to familiarize the player with the mechanics and trickled just enough resistance to only slow you down before utterly overwhelming your opponent.  Every level was designed to encourage you to easily research all upgrades and 'sandbox' your way to victory at your own pace.  Also, ala Starcraft, you're given the opportunity to try 2 different factions and the third, which I assume wasn't ready for release, is destined for DLC.  Again, the keyword is ""TRY"".  Even the Heores of Might and Magic franchise provides secondary campaigns with it's admitedly easy to complete tutorials >_<So yes, with a heavy heart, I recommend this game, but only bcause of what it could be, not because of the TUTORIAL I just completed.  How about throwing us gamers that purchased this product a complentary, real, campaign?"
,Not Recommended,262280,22906161,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,"It was getting there and it didn't meet everything that was hoped for...To the pointThe Good:-Entertaining Narrator-Great concept-Fun game-Great Campain humorThe Bad:-Upgrading Units was poorly explained-Lacking in more extensive gameplay and campain-Fairly short compared to other RTS games I have playedThe Ugly:-Demons only get 2 levels in campain mode, and the undead are a DLC you have to buy.-Could have improved the walk speed or the A.I more, I constantly had to beg the little snot to make beer for the striking minions.-Story never concluded if I get my whole body back :/, they just wanted to split the evil in two so you could have a skirmish >.>. Like I said Demons weren't even that good and lacked alot of things.-The Game feels rushed as you get towards the end.-I have played free flash games that have more levels and challenge than thisI would recommend getting this during a steam sale or humble bundle. Not worth the $40 dollars for a game that only meets half way."
,Recommended,262280,32579729,Posted: 19 June,all,AoM.Dad,This is such a wonderful game. The antics of the narrator make the game even more entertaining as you build your dungeon.
,Not Recommended,262280,17420590,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Just fun. No flamerino,"This is a good game, but it's not worth the high price tag - there's very little content and almost no replayability. There's basically nothing to do once you've finished all the maps (which is around 4-5 hours of content).But the thing that frustrates me the most, is that they've just released their DLC 'Chance of Dragons', for a game that's missing a lot of content - it's just another blow in the face to the players.Do NOT buy this game for this price tag. It's NOT worth it, and the publishers are milking the rest with DLCs."
76561198005406191,Recommended,262280,33625189,Posted: 18 July,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings Again!  Today I’m going to be talking about Dungeons 2 the sequel to well…dungeons…yup.  Anyway, I wasn’t secretive by my distaste of the original as it ended up feeling more like a tycoon game instead of a dungeon builder.  But!  I can say with great glee that this game is significantly better in almost every way possible.Get out of my dungeon:  The most significant improvement right off the bat is the trashing of this ‘let the adventurers in your dungeon to be happy and steal souls stuff’.  The previous game created an environment where you basically gave the invaders what they wanted but had to chase them down before they left.  This game is much more about building a dungeon and going to the surface and killing everything; admittedly not always the most intricate missions but fun none the less.   This alone would make this game enjoyable by comparison but the game goes further.Stop Cluttering:  Gimmicks are removed and so are spawn points; you are left with more of an evil genius style game where you mine gold, carve out space and build rooms with the ultimate goal of moving to the surface to destroy everything in your path.  The different monsters (or demons) are unique to each other and even are unique in many ways between the two factions.  I would have liked to see a third one (undead) as the story kind of hinted to it).  Instead of a theme park you are left with an underground base building game with a touch of RTS for good measure.Stupid Penguins:  There are a few small problems; the most annoying for me is the finite amount of resources.   I am not a fan of timed games in this genre artificial or direct and this game has one for every mission.  Ultimately there is a finite amount of gold on the map and your monsters need paid about every 5 minutes.  Though it never happened during the campaign I did feel rushed on a mission or two as I enjoy exploring the map and training my monsters which ends up taking longer than more aggressive players.  There were also a few annoyances like dumping monsters into the exit can be annoying to line it up exactly (why not just have a larger exit hit-box) and clicking the top monsters can sometimes be difficult as the menu’s appearance covers a bit of the pickup icon.  It also would have been nice to just drop them on the map entrances instead; especially when you have multiple locations to spawn from and they don’t line up on both maps.  Finally, it would be nice to have maps for the mini dungeons like my dungeon or world maps.I think you all see where this is going.  I enjoyed this game; love dungeon building games and this one had a bit of RTS mixed in and wasn’t done poorly.  So, overall, yes you should get this game.  I would even if it wasn’t on sale.  I would like to see more story and campaigns as the skirmish maps (even the DLC ones) only last me so long!  I hope you all enjoy as I did."
76561198000385268,Recommended,262280,26362140,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"There are three successors to Dungeon Keeper 1+2 out there. I haven't played Dwelvers (I'm 100% Linux), and there's Dungeons 2 and War for the Overworld for all three platforms. I like both of them, but I find myself playing Dungeons 2 more often than WFTO. Both have a lot to recommend them, but D2 has that certain something (fun) which keeps me coming back to it.And I'm a Kickstarter backer of WFTO."
,Recommended,262280,15625236,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Imagine,"Having played through the campaign and zero amount of multiplayer, I can say the following.The Good:1) It's a game that doesn't take itself seriously. Filled with pop culture references, narrated by the Stanley Parable guy (which alone makes it worth buying), the game had me laughing several times.2) It's a good mashup between a Dungeon Keeper/Overlord type game with a healthy splash of RTS. The unit count you end up controlling is low enough to where you don't get overwhelmed, but still great for those that enjoy group unit control.3) Great game to stream or record for youtube. People are interested in it, but not a whole lot of coverage.The Bad:1) Much more RTS than Dungeon Keeping. If you're just looking to build an automated dungeon, this probably isn't for you. A lot of unit micro-management is needed. This is partly because of my biggest gripe in the game -2) Bard render your traps completely pointless. Traps are pretty effective if they go off, however probably like 90% of waves of enemies coming to your dungeon will have Bards who are immune to traps, and disable them in an aoe. The rest of the troop hangs back and just waits for the Bard, and then they just romp through like the traps don't matter.I have had people say oh, just use spells to burst him down, except that's multiple clicks and usually takes 4-5 hits to kill a Bard (and that's if they're not healed). Regardless of how you can finagle to kill him off, here's the bottom line: Traps are not nearly as cost effective in the game as just spending your money on units and unit upgrades to murder your dungeon invaders, and that's about as disappointing as it gets. About halfway through the campaign I stopped researching and creating traps, and then the game really just turned into a full on RTS instead.Still, game is worth it, especially if you can grab it on a Steam Sale."
76561198007299273,Recommended,262280,15581006,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Tim,"So i have almost 20 hours of gameplay on this game by now and here are my findings:So obviously you and I are going to compaire this game to the dungeon keeper (DK) series and the new war for the overworld (WFTO) game. I have played all of these games so i decided that to compaire them for the people that are deciding between these games:so lets begin with this games unique feature: the overworld. In this game you can send your minions up to plunder the hometowns of the heroes. Now ofcourse we all agree that this is a remarkebly cool feature but there are also some minor issues with it:First of all the overworld uses RTS style gameplay instead of dungeon management so you can order your units arround. Now this is verry nice for intercepting incomming raiding parties before they enter your dungeon because you can for example actually force your archers to stay behind your melee guys to save them from a horibly painfull death. Now we all agree that this is nice but unfortunetely the AI in the RTS mode does little more then a ""me orc... me bash"" approach wich makes it necesarry to micromanage every unit. Also some units refuse to cast their spells automatically wich makes battle difficult because you have to micromanage every single unit.Also it should be noted that you do not actually gain anything from plundering the overworld. For example in one the campaign missions you have to stop gold convoys. However when you kill off a convoy you do not actually get any gold.Thus far the overworld. Now back to the comparison. In will number my own comments such that you can eassily refer to them should anyone feel the need to post a comment:1) In case of grapics, this game is in my opnion better then the old DK series but also better then war for the overworld but it also appears to have slightly higher system requirements. I should note here that i do not state that war for the overworld has bad grapics, i just think that these look beter personally.2) In terms of price. This game is by far the most expensive. The old DK games can be found on gog for about 5 euros. War for the overworld costs about 30 euros and this game costs a whopping 45 euros at the time this review was written.3) This game has 2 factions: the horde and the demons. each faction has 12 units devided over 4 catagories and 8 rooms. It should also be noted that there is no way to convert heroes into villans in this game whereas you can do as such in the DK series. In my opinion the number of units and rooms in this game is rather low when i compare it to the WFTO and DK. I would prefer a merged version of the 2 factions in which the number of possible rooms increases.4) When comparing the dungeon management gameplay to WFTO and DK, i always had a sense of ""i have to rush this"" in WFTO. So peronally i like the gameplay in dungeons 2 better then WFTO. But your own experience can be diffrent ofcourse.5) WFTO has far more skrimish maps in their release version whereas dungeons 2 has only 3. Now i expect that this number will increase at some point in time but i personally fear that they will bring out the ""new"" skrimish maps as a DLC which would annoy me greatly becasue imo they should present in the base version of the game.Thus far my comparison of these games. If you feel that i missed something please tell me and i will endevour to add a section about that specific topic.The only thing left to say would be: Should you buy these games?My personal opionion? YES! but then i feel this way for all Dungeon-keeper-like-games including DK and WFTO."
76561198008633722,Not Recommended,262280,22206371,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Gnilneelps,As of the third of April 2016 there is a game breaking memory leak that the devs won't fix till they finish the PS4 version as such anyone thinking of buying this game might want to watch this space as many players who paid for this game cannot currently play.Edit (May 2016):I wrote the above in anger but would like say that once the bug is fixed I would recomend this game.
76561197990436582,Not Recommended,262280,17990476,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Metabaron,"Don't belive the Curators or positive reviews, this is NOTHING like dungeon Keeper. It's an ok game by itself but to say its a successor or even follow the spirit of dungeon keeper is bullsh*t."
76561198033636240,Recommended,262280,28359630,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shadow[Ger],"I'll keep it short: This is a good game. Certainly not Dungeon Keeper since it brings it's own ideas into the mix. This doesn't make it worse in any way or form.Some mechanics could be better and more fleshed out but they are solid.For example: When in RTS-Mode (Overworld) why can't I Attack-Move my units? Or why can't they take a formation? I have to micro a lot that way leaving my Dungeon to itself.Small criticisms that will hopefully be fixed in Dungeons 3 (if they make it, which I hope!).This though is a very solid and easy pick, narrated by the Stanley Parable narrator who's delivering one trashy, witty, funny line after the other. The Story is full of references and easter eggs to other great fantasy worlds and overall funny but not very special.I personally like the artstyle and graphics, the sounds are good... yeah. I mean there is nothing else to say really. It's a solid, good game that's just not outstanding but totally worth your time if you like this type of games."
,Not Recommended,262280,23180860,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lycairin,"At some point it is an enjoyable game, but despite all my experiences so far slapping away minions to work faster for me in the game, I don't seem to think the proper value of $20 with just two factions, not to mention how little the vanilla content offers sit well with me. Don't get me wrong, I'm not exactly saying this game is total crap and here I am protesting for more beer in front of the throne room. Just look at the price of the expansions, disregarding their parodies toward the books written by George R.R. Martin.All I'm saying, the least they could have done more is to focus on variation of battles. The food capacity to work on isn't enough to stage a grand battle visualized by the player. C'mon, who doesn't want a great war spiced up by the quirky announcer/advisor.The main reason I don't want to recommend this game is because of the price and the satisfaction gained. It is not enough to slap every minion to fill my desires of sadism.I rather recommend this game during sale. You'll have a better level of satisfaction with a discounted price."
76561198086047337,Recommended,262280,15563241,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Baelmung,"I am really enjoying this game. I love the mix between dungeon management and rts styles of gameplay. For those of you who have not played the game yet, you are the ""Ultimate Evil"" and you build up your perfect dungeon in the underworld and periodly send your troops to the overworld to fight, capture objectives, or free allies. You can spend your time making your dungeon be perfect, while also seeing your effect on the overworld by spreading your evil presence. You are attacked periodly in your dungeon, thus building traps, posting guard rooms, and having a good balance of troops in your dungeons and in the overworld. There are 2 factions that you can play: the horde and the demons. Each faction has 4 or 5 units as far as I can tell, and you can train those units and upgrade them into specialized classes. For example, you can train your weak archer's to be healers, etc.There are 3 game modes as of right now: Campaign, skirmish, and multiplayer. I have not touched multiplayer so I cannot comment on that but I am loving the campaign. I have played 7 of the missions and the narrator's humor is very enjoyable. Sometimes he does get a bit annoying if you take very very long in a mission, by long I mean over an hour. I am waiting to go into skirmish until after the campaign, but there are 3 maps with some customizable options. The most noteable would be the endless mode option.To sum up, I am loving this game. I highly reccommend it if your looking for a Dungeon Management game. The art style, comedy, and mechanics are all very well implemented in my opinion. Enjoy building your dream dungeon!"
,Recommended,262280,15556866,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Frans,"For me, this is really a dungeom keeper game. They really suceed to make it!The game is fun, cute by graphics, and we can get to the overworld!I believe that this game is very good, and hope they will continue to upgrades it in the future. ( More race, longer campaign,...)"
76561198026236139,Recommended,262280,15536594,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Regen752,"I haven't played the retro dungeon keeper but I have played games that copy the style (eg. Evil genius).I've been wanting to play a dungeon keeper game for a while but I heard about the EA Games version of dungeon keeper and how they milked the name and turned it into a huge pay to win game.So whenever the occasional dungeon keeper style game pops up I'm fairly wary of developers that might try to follow suit.So far of what I've played this game seems to give you everything it sells you. From what I know of dungeon keeper, it's usually limited to the underground area only. This game adds a new interesting aspect by allowing you to travel to the surface. The campaign is entertaining, and teaches you mechanics/units of the game. The narration is quite humorous, although at times can begin to borderline nag you when you're not completing tasks. I was pleased to see you could play as two different 'factions', the horde and the demons. Horde being ogre/trolls and nagas, and demons being worshippers/insectoids/firedemon and succubus units.Pros:+Pretty good graphics+Two playable factions horde and demons+Good variety of units+Can go onto the surface to destroy the heroes camp+Entertaining campaign+No serious bugs encountered yet+Narrative is comedic+No EA microtransaction milkingNeutral~Space for more maps/factions (dlc maybe)~Drops below 60fps in some areas on powerful computer~Narator has presented subtle advertisements under the ruse of a humorous context~Combat animations aren't terrible, but I've seen betterCons:-Narrator can boderline nag when being slow completing tasks-AI can be a little strange at times-Encountered some minor bugs here and there-No server browser-3rd party launcher that requests an account and login"
76561198077103572,Not Recommended,262280,15544263,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DankRP Tea,I like this game however I must rate this game as average. 3/5 stars or points. Reason number ONE. Not enough content for your money. This game is soooooo not worth $40 dollars. It should be like $20 or $30 dollars. Because this game has only one campaign and only 2 factions and only 3 SKIRMISH MAPS. ONLY 3!!!! Multiplayer...... Pfft spent one hour looking for people couldnt find anyone. No one cares about multiplayer..... Also only 5 MULTIPLAYER MAPS. ONLY 5!!!! This game offers you very little content for $40 dollars. Its almost as if Kalypso Media ripped me off with a switch and bait tactic. Reason number TWO. Not enough game modes like Sandbox or Survival mode. Like I said before. This game offers you very very very little content for $40 dollars. This game is so not worth $40 dollars at all it is worth far less. Currently it only has 3 prime game modes. The funny and hilarious Campaign. The useless Multiplayer mode. And the lack luster Skirmish mode that has very little game options. You cant even face off another Dungeonier AI. Would of been nice if they also let you play as the humans too. Or even add another faction. The Undead....
76561197969420586,Recommended,262280,15664435,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hades,"Great game and I highly recommend it.   The company made good on bringing back Dungeon Keep or a clone of it.   Don't read the IGN review, the reviewer didn't play the game or was really really stupid.  It’s nothing like he said in his review.     The best way I can sum it up, is the ""underground"" part is just like dungeon keeper.  You break out the ground and make rooms, mind gold and later mana and build your army and protect your base with doors and traps while building your army.  Then you send your troops to through the entrance(s) and you attack other army’s or bases above ground.   The game play is very much like Warcraft 3.  You have a small army and they have different abilities etc.   So think of a mix of Warcraft 3 for the above ground and a great clone of dungeon keeper below.   Also as a bonus you get to play the good guys AND the bad,  there is multiplier,  AND skirmish.I wish the campaign was a little longer (10+ hours and I didn’t rush and had some big army killing setbacks )  but the developer seemed to state that there will be more,  so let’s hope they don’t rip us off for DLC like every greedy♥♥♥♥♥game company does these days.    The other small grip is you have to keep leveling up multiple times (your dungeon and your “monster” population cap) and it takes time away from doing the other fun parts.   You get 4-5 different “type” of monsters,  and then get to level them up to different versions.   I have mixed feelings about that but it didn’t detract to much of the game, but plays more like an RTS where you ramping up your army before sending them to kill the enemy or get slaughtered.Overall a GREAT game and if you’re on the fence, just buy it, it IS a lot of fun."
76561198079731892,Recommended,262280,22932353,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tyrande,"This is indeed a very good game, a nostalgic crossing between Dungeon Keeper and Warcraft 3. This game has an overall cozy feeling, with bad humor that makes you sigh and place your hand to your face. I love it."
76561197996379906,Not Recommended,262280,16487749,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BrackAttack,"I wish I could recommend this game - it has a solid, fun set of core mechanics, and the narrator is quite funny.Unfortunately, the control scheme and interface are too obnoxious. In the dungeon you have one control scheme, and another on the over world. On the overworld you can select your units in a traditional RTS fashion (drag over them to select everyone). You can't do this in the dungeon however, meaning that if you want to move many units to the overworld, you have to select each on individually, and then drag them each on the dungeon exit. Considering how often you'll want to go back and forth between the dungeon and overworld, all of this micromanagement gets old quite fast.In addition, the dungeon can get pretty crowded at times, making it difficult to click on the unit/room you're actually trying to access.Also, there are a number of annoying bugs. At one point I had to quit to the main menu and reload my game because one orc stayed in my hand, preventing me from dropping it or doing anything else. Another time an orc on the overworld suddenly woudn't attack, and no enemies would attack it (but his friends could still attack).This is a game I really wish was better. If they fixed these irritations it could be quite fun.Edit: as one commentor pointed out, you can use the group hotkeys you set on the overworld to select units in when they're in the dungeon. This helps a bit, but when you select units in the dungeon, it automatically moves you to the dungeon view, which gets obnoxious if you're trying to send them to the overworld."
,Recommended,262280,15553806,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Frecki,Really funny story teller and it feels like Dungeon Keeper with an addition element of Command & Conquer Strategy attacking game on the overworld.
76561198006510461,Recommended,262280,15525181,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Blood Claw,9/10 outstandingIts a great laugh .... any game where your avatar deals 666 damage is bound to be good or should that be bad ?The game is more fun than it looked to me at least from watching video's and if your at all sadistic or love parody humour youl be shooting yourself in the foot if you don't give getting this game some serious thought.When in the underworld it plays like the old faithfull dungeon keeper games but feels slower due to the longer time required to dig build room ect. but when on the overworld it plays like more traditional RTS games like say AOE or Starcrast (withought the base building that what the underworld is for)There apears to be no bugs from what i have seen and the game runs as smothly as anything on my rig.Thanks for your time reading .Link to my gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL936OgHe6TZp09EyNoif2Zlx6Qn6gxTd4
76561198040628088,Recommended,262280,15937246,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,jonbeckmon,"I decided to buy this game because I love the Dungeon Lords board game made by Zman Games and Czech Games.  I had heard from a friend that Dungeon Lords Board game was based on a  computer game.  After watching trailers for this game I realized it is either based off an early version of this game or based off a predecessor to this game.  In Dungeon Lords board game you build a dungeon as the evil Dungeon Lord and you have imps to mine gold for you, build tunnels, etc.  The Imps are your snotlings or Minions in Dungeons ii.  You also can build traps in your dungeon and hire monsters like Trolls, Goblins , Dragons, Vampires, Ghosts, etc.  The games are basically the same game almost but in computer format as compared to board game format.As a whole I absolutely love Dungeons ii.  I have completed the campaign and every map including the new ones just added.  I have every achievement except king of the hill and a friend is supposed to help me with that one tomorrow or soon since it's multiplayer.  In dungeons ii which is an RTS (I normally don't like RTS games and prefer turn based strategy so this game is really good for me to like an RTS) you hire snotlings if you are the horde or minions if you are the demons to build tunnels and rooms for you and to mine gold, set traps, admire demons, etc.  You can then do research with goblins or Trolls or nagas or the demon equivalent in their respective rooms.  You can upgrade your dungeon, adventure out into the above world to wreak havoc and mayhem.After I played the game a lot I decided to read others reviews to see what they thought of the game and I had the same experiences as many of them.  Treasure chests as one person said and I agree are the best trap and they are the lowest level trap.  The reason for this is because the stupid adventurer's in their mad rush for gold will go right after them and not wait for their bard to disable them.  This is not true of any other trap as they will wait for the bard to disable them before adventuring further.  I do like the Rolling stone trap but I think the develops fixed the fact that it could roll over even bards who are immune to other traps.The demons as I agree with other reviewers are not as good as the hordelings and here is the main reason why.The fire demons at the low level are not as good as orcs which are the equivalent.  The other problem is that for the demons the admiration chamber is the same as the hospital and that is where they heal.  With the hordelings you only have to throw beds in a hospital and they will lay down and heal.  However with the demons they have to go to the admiration chamber to heal and it requires a minion to sit there and admire them for them to heal.  Also you have to sacrifice a minion to upgrade the demons while you only have to train the hordes.  So clearly the demons are not as good as the minions must dig for gold, dig tunnels, set traps and do everything else the snotlings have to do but they also have to be a sacrifice to upgrade demons which means you have to spend more gold to replace them and they have to admire demons for demons to heal which means they have more duties than snotlings and slows down their other tasks.  They are clearly inferior to the horde which others have also said.I also feel it would be nice for the campaign to be longer and more maps available as well.  Also I was very disappointed in the fact that you don't get an undead dungeon.  When you go through the campaign and get the nagas to join you, then the trolls it adds them to your army capabilities and when you meet the demons you get to play the demons.  However when you fight the undead in the campaign I figured that you would get to play the undead and then you would be able to build Skeletons, Ghouls, Ghosts, Zombies and Vampires in your next dungeon but you never get the option to build those types of units.  Maybe an expansion in the future will introduce this? It would be fun to get that 3rd faction.All in all I absolutely love this game.  I have heard references to Dungeon Keeper and maybe that is the predecessor to this game and what Dungeon lords is based on but I don't know as I've never played it and didn't see it on steam.  Because of this game I did buy Dungeons i and The dark lord sequel to it but have not had a chance to play them yet but am looking forward to it.I would love to see a map creator in this game so that everyone could create their own maps to play.All in all though I have a few complaints about this game I absolutely adore it and it was totally worth the $39.99 I paid for it.  Or who I am kidding the $39.99 x 3 as I bought it for 2 of my other friends as well."
,Recommended,262280,28129683,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NanoByteGhost,"The first Dungeons game took a lot of flak for looking like Dungeon Keeper but only being a Tower Defence game. However I still liked it and felt it was a good beginning of a series I fully expected to get better.With Dungeons 2 that they addressed that but not by just copying Dungeon Keeper, oh no. In this game they put their own spin on the theme by keeping the Tower Defense game in the Dungeon levels, so you where always defending against something (the original Dungeon Keeper lacked that) and having an over world map for you to go forth and conquer.The end result is a very good Dungeon game that sees you attacked repeatedly as with any good tower defence game and a much needed Real Time Strategy Element involving the surface world.Add to that the narratives tendency to plagiarize ideas from all over as it blantanty plays the pop culture comedy card for kicks and giggles, you have to wonder, does this actually beat the original Dungeon Keeper at its own game.Well I am not sure about that but it comes close.A few more I's dotted and T's crossed and a little more detail especially on the monsters and it will over throw Dungeon Keeper and take its crown.I would like to see the generation of evil points used to upgrade dungeons be more directly linked to the Evil Leaders own actions. So the dungeons advancement is linked to the acts the players own character performs. With bonus points for achieving objectives as happens in the current game.I feel the evil points could be as important as mana or gold in generating gameplay.Especially if spells are made so they generate evil points when cast on the enemy, or torturing enemies generates them too, things like that.I would say the pace of the game feels a tad too slow at times and the campaigns it self is a little too easy but I like to be able to kick back and relax and just enjoy building up my dungeons and minion army sometimes, then send them against a defended town on the surface and see how they do, whilst my defences are tested by repeated attacks from the surface.Also not being able to put spell casters and archers at the back of my melee troops easily is a bit a of problem that will hopefully be addressed by adding simple formations to the next Dungeon game.Over all a good game, and it passed my value of game = £1 per hour of gameplay provided by the game test too. The campaign is about 23 hours long and there are additional skirmish maps. So you are going to get 25 hours easily out of this and the game costs £25 brand new.A fair price I would say.Looking forward to Dungeons 3 now...."
76561198009738960,Recommended,262280,16927672,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Toadally Awesome,"Initially I picked this game up on steam sale, only knowing it had some serious hindering bugs on its release. However at this point I can thankfully say throughout my whole playthrough I encountered no bugs at all and it was one of the funniest things I had seen in a long time.So to kick things of, the game doesn't focus too much on setting up a dungeon, since defending it is easy but by consistently sending troops above to go on missions. That is against the preference of some but I found it to be a satisfying strategy experience. Aside that the resource and upgrade systems are balanced while the units and factions presented(Demons and Horde) feel different, which is good.Finally I believe the biggest positive aspect of the game is the campaign. Holding a satisfactory length, it is literally decorated by the game narrator(whose name evades me at the moment but you have probably seen him from Stanley's Parable where he was pretty much the star of the game) who offers scathing comments on everything, from the events that happen to reacting when the player does nothing(please do not do nothing for 5 minutes on the first dungeon mission, you will love the response).As if that wasn't enough the campaign has tons of popular references concerning the enemies you fight and what they say, most famous ones stemming from Lord of the Rings and Warhammer to other games from the same developers. It even has a specific mission dedicated on referencing the Game of Thrones characters, each one in a unique and hilarious way.Also worth noting the achievements are nothing hard and can be achieved by one multiplayer game and through the main campaign. After saying that I definitely believe the game is worth the purchase, now that it works properly you can enjoy the fun it offers to the fullest.Heavily Recommended"
76561198009453092,Recommended,262280,15564205,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,tuck295q,"Definitely must buy on discount.Full price? it's up to you how much you want to play Dungeon games.ProThis game is good and nice to play to kill the time if you get bored of most game. The campaign very relaxing and captivating at the same time. The moderator that talks to you love to make jokes and troll on you and they are pretty funny.One of your minion you control is a snake women called Naga, so her nick name is Naga Minaj for exp.The depth of the above world and under world, the different realm of dungeons, monster abilities, upgrades, and spells are so diverse which kept you interested. Also, the unit specialization you get from a book drop adds cherry on top.Cmon, a healer with double the mana capacity.In single player mode, you have different factions to play which adds to more of a replayability. Oh did I mention, you will get to play the Horde faction for like 7 missions and then you get the option to do side campaigns of the new faction which I haven't completed yet. But the orc faction doesn't end at 7th mission obviously.-lots of upgrades and variety-variety of neutral lairs, drops and loots-undoubtedly beautiful gameNegative-Unbelievably high amount of graphic usage. I have i7 duo processor and 860gtx Nividia, 12gb ram laptop, I have to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥on the lowest! WTF!?-No torture chamber that I can convert goodies to serve ME!!!- traps OP.- Not really that many types of rooms- hard to click the wanted units or room without click something else in your way of your mouse. It doesn't have a good indication of what your will be clicking to grab x,y,z.-Sign up and login to their game domain everytime....why?-Max population is only 45 for orc campaign, 65 for skirmish.  I think this game should go for 80. each warring creature already takes 2 supplies then +1 more supplies for each creature upgrade, it's too little.7/10...and it could easily have been 9/10 or 10/10, but....I don't think they put 100% of effort on this yet."
76561198140972072,Recommended,262280,15552517,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Keith,"So this is my second review to date.......... so dont hate on meh :). So i really liked this game i finally hit that pre purchase button and I am happy I did. This game has a lot of really cool things going for it and I like the direction the developers are taking it. I also like that the developers are so active in the chats and trying to help anyone with bugs/issues. I have a sub par comp and i have absolutley no problems with this game. I think my only problem is the narrator talks to frequently...... thats literally it lol. I mean I could be nit picky but its a good game and i am glad I spent my 35 bucks on it. Def money well spent, if your reading all the negative junk hey you should just stop buying any games because every game will have people griping and complaning till they are red in the face. It doesnt mean you wont like this game because someone found a flaw that they personally didnt like.(Read the nagative reviews but keep the positive in mind as well)Graphics remind me of torchlight two but better. 8.5/10Gameplay is good no holes has a campaign and multiplayer. 8/10Helpful Devs and community. 10/10Game didnt ship broken to where i couldnt play it! 1000/10Overly talkative narrator 4/10 (I am sure they will tone him down in an update/patch)Overall id give it an 8.5/10Its a fun entertaining game definitely worth putting on your wishlist and or buying. If your still hesitant about the price wait for a coupon/sale you will not be dissapointed."
76561198062930115,Recommended,262280,15632753,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"*In this game, you don't invade dungeons - the dungeons invade you!!!*Ok, guys. to start with, let's face it, this is a game that DOES NOT take itself seriously. There is so much goofyness, jokes, jibes, pokes and references to other franchises, that it is insane. And in pure goofy fashion, as a game that does not take itself seriously, you are allowed to make the narrator as angry as possible, so that he starts calling you names or take a commercial break just because - HE DOESNT HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO. Sounds fun? To me it does. Add to this the research system, fun dungeon layouts, tons of barrels of beer and you got yourselves a great visual experience and fun gameplay.The good:1. Player friendly atmosphere - new and old players will enjoy the goofyness just as much. Like kill your OP hero in a tutorial. LOL. Wait, did I get an achievement for this? Like for realzzz?2. The art style is gorgeous and very well executed.3. The easter eggs and references will make you ROFL. Like King's Ending ""from"" Game of Thrones and Peter Relish the Lord Middlefinger(s)... Add to this references to pop stars, LOTR, shows, etc. and you will be enjoying the other side of the game as much as the game itself.4. I will repeat myself - angering the narrator has never been more satisfying. Or pleasing him and forcing him to sing your praises.5. Microing is good, but refer to Bad 3.6. The Narrator - he did a great job in the Stanley parrable - he is back with the goods (or shall I say goofs!) once again.And most importantly: 6.1. This game does not take itself seriously, people. Dont take it seriously too. Enjoy the commercial breaks, the narrator getting confused, or quoting franchises that are irrelevant to the game (LotR, GoT), etc.7. Smiles and laughter. And lots of it :DThe bad:1. The narrator does commercial messages. While I find it goofy, people may find it offensive.2. The Narrator can be offensive. You you think he is, go play War of the Overworld.3. Basic micro wins the game. Like, if you can micro 3 units in starcraft1 or 2, you can win the game.Conclusion:While the game is on the pricy side now, I would still recommend it. It is a must buy as soon as it goes like 33-66% off. As a great game that loves goofynees, jokes, and fun, you only need to let it in and enjoy it to the fullest. Accept the game for what it is - GOOFY AND FUNNY. I have never had more fun doing the exact OPPOSITE thing that the narrator wants of me just to♥♥♥♥♥♥him off and get him to call me names. If you are a troll, you will like this game. If you want a relaxing game for fun, you will like this game. If you want a very serious game, better go play WotOverworld. It does look more serious, but also misses out on a ton of fun and laughter.Comment: It is very weird that we get two Dungeon Keeper-esque games one after the other. Could be corporate spying, could be a coincidence. As if I believe in coincidences. No wonder WotOverworld came out first. It is the serious one. You go in, you do you stuff, you win. WotO's narrator is also way more serious. It is the spiritual successor of DK2, even reuses some stuff. On the other side, D2 opts to win you over with goofyness and smiles all around. You choose what you would like best.Guys play this game. Missions could be mundane at start as if sucked out of the fingers of the creators. Not much ingenuity, but still good fun fun to win. Do not ever doubt that."
76561197969232791,Recommended,262280,15843414,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Scytale,Nice game blending Warcraft 3 with Dungeon Keeper - though certainly less than perfect. If you are a fan of these games then you will enjoy it but be sorely left wanting for more. The fact is that the Campaign only has 8-ish maps and that's it. Painfully short for a AAA price game.
,Recommended,262280,15680157,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cronius,"Great Game, I haven't tried the Multiplayer on it, but on the single player I wish the paydays were a delayed longer... it always seems like they don't have time to do something because its a payday."
,Recommended,262280,15613379,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,RedHarleyOne,"So far this game has been a lot of fun. It is a nice mix of dungeon building games (DK clones) and RTS. It is blended together really well. The single player campaign also has a well written and witty narrator. I am only on the fifth level, but at this point I am really enjoying it. If you are on the fence at this point I would say go for it."
,Recommended,262280,15525059,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Simbiat,"To be honest I did not really like original game. It was lacking something intangible. I think I know what exactly, now.First thing that catches your eye is the art. Little minions strolling around, drowning in vivid colors. World of rabbits and unicorns darkening and changing as you, the Ultimate Evil, stroll behind them, casually destroying houses damaging them for 666 or 665 with each hit (the last one just because he became a bit tired and bored). Those little details here and there are just amazing. Even gold reserves are not just gold as in other similar games: they have precious stones, like rubies and emeralds.After you come out of the shock from the beauty of the game you will dive into another shock: ""What is this? RTS?"" Do not rush to the conclusions yet. You do start by controlling your alter ego as in RTS, but then due to scenario you are diminished to an ethereal corpse.And this is when you you become the keeper. There are some significant differences compared to classic dungeon keeper here, inspired by the same RTS genre. 1st of all, you do not ""attract"" minions, you buy them and there is a limit to how many you can, as in RTS games. 2ndly rooms are clickable. And for a good reason: they need some micro-management, too: you need to build ""facilities"" in there to help the rooms work properly, and some of them allow you to research stuff like new buildings and upgrade stuff, as well. You do not claim the tiles, too: you just clear the dirt.Dirt is different here, too. 1st of all you can ""raise walls"" here. It is required to increase efficiency of the rooms: they need to be surrounded by walls for increase productivity. There are also 2 types of gold tiles: some give you a lot of gold, but get destroyed quickly, while others are virtually eternal and you can dig gold from them for quite some time, but slowly. Although, so far I never experience an urgent need for lots of cash.Unlike other keepers minions here should be cherished. As mentioned, you have a limited supply of those due to population limit. Also they do gain levels, which makes them stronger. You can also give them medals, which add some ""honorifics"" to their names. Yes, they all have NAMES. Makes it more personal. It's also nice how non-worker types smash on walls when bored and there are also those pop-ups, that tell you some thoughts of the minions, like what they are doing at the moment.I also like, how traps get restored here. When activated by heroes, they do not vanish freeing the tile, they stay there, waiting for repairs and once repaired, they can work again. If you have enough resources and build the traps wisely, you can generally forget about protection of the entrance, because it will be self-sufficient. And you will require some free time.Because, you see, there are 2 maps here. Map of your dungeon and... Map of the world above the dungeon. You can take a minion, drop him on a certain building and... Her goes out for a walk in the forest. To crash some skulls. Here I am reminded of those old-school solo missions in StarCraft or WarCraft, where you can't build anything, but have a few units, that you need to control precisely in order to finish the objectives. It may even have some stealth elements. And again - these units continue getting level-ups, medals and stuff like that.And all that is presented by a narrator, who keeps giving jokes close to what we could hear in Overlord game series. With some 4th wall breaking here and there. This is actually what original game was lacking (besides the amazing art-style). It gives the game a ""soul"", makes it even more alive, even though dungeon keeping still feels slow at times. Although, admittedly, minions here do seem a bit... Well, fat. In need of proper training.So, this is a rally good game. There are lots of minor things, that make it stand out among the others f the genre. These details show, that it was developed with love. Only 2 cons I currently see is that dungeon keeping is quite slow and generally easy and some minor interface annoyances (like sometimes you have to hover over the tutorial or event notification, because otherwise you will click on the tile, not on the actual icon).I definitely recommend it. 8/10"
76561198073036831,Recommended,262280,15563580,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Heir of Mind,"I could recommend this game for the narrator alone, his constant joking and reprimanding the player is pure genius. But beyond that the system of micro-management and counquering of the overworld is very well done. Another reason that this game should be an insta-buy is the fact that the monster's AI is actually quite good, the minion's do the jobs you assign them on their own and the same goes for the other monsters as well. Overall a very good game that you will enjoy playing."
76561198026764468,Recommended,262280,15560816,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Nyarly,"Dungeons 2 is a little gem ! Not without defaults (but what game doesn't have any?) and there is room to improve the game with either addons or a Dungeons 3 ?There are good ideas, not so good ideas, but overall, I think the devs did the hell of a job and the game is much better than I ever expected.I do hope the UI problems will be changed in a near future, I do hope other factions will join through addons or DLC.I hope for more maps and more variety from the narrator in skirmishes.And eventually, a throne room guardian (bring him back !!!), a more complex evilfying surface gameplay (cutting trees, building machines to corrupt the land) to give us more control over what is happening and also some bonus / debuff to our units and enemy units.And most of all, the RPG Diablo-like system of Dungeons 1.I know most won't probably happen but even without them, Dungeons 2 certainly deserve a 18/20 if small annoyance in the game are changed.Note: I wrote a lenghty review on the forums, complete and exhaustive, there isn't enough space on the review page to copy/paste it but if you want a detail review, if you are interested go to the forums and look for the post named:""My little review from a DK and Dungeons 1 fan... (for those interested) """
76561198052579046,Recommended,262280,24232878,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nick Rage,"This game is pretty fun and really reminds me of Dungeon Keeper (which I loved). The only thing that really has me bummed is the constant crashing to desktop. I bought this on Steam Sale, so I'm not overly mad about it; however, this is getting to be a vey big nuisance. Overall, the game is very enjoyable though. If you liked the Dungeon Keeper series, you will probably also like this one. Pick it up on sale, just know that it has some issues."
76561197970720161,Recommended,262280,15732480,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Game_Dude,"It reminds in many ways of Dungeon Keeper of old. Several different rooms and many things to upgrade, including your units. You can also leave the dungeon with your units and wreak havoc on the surface, switching back and forth between dungeon and surface maps."
,Recommended,262280,20552058,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,sam,"Dungeons 2 is absolutely hilarious. I laughed constantly at the narrator's parodies and references to nerd culture. The flavor text is very clever, and at one point I noticed that my naga archers were named ""Lad'Gaga"" and ""Sel'Gomez"", and one of my goblins was named ""Beeber"" This is not a serious game, and it's not meant to be played seriously. That doesn't mean it isn't hard at times; some of the levels in the campaign took me hours to complete. The RTS elements are woven in quite comfortably to the traditional Dungeon Keeper formula and they feel like natural compliments to each other. The skirmish mode that you might expect to find in an RTS is replaced by a small set of single missions with an underworld map, overworld map, and set of objectives. This is a unique and humorous mix of strategy genres that is completely addictive once you're hooked."
,Recommended,262280,24935806,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ash,"GREAT game- I've been looking for something like a modernized Dungeon Keeper, and this is exactly that.The graphics are great - well detailed and animated.The best part is the narration of the campaign game.  The narrator tells the story of the Absolute Evil (that’s you) and his quest for revenge against the surface-dwelling goodie-two-shoes that imprisoned him.It’s a little hard to control individual units, but overall a great game with hours of content plus player vs player.  I especially enjoy the wake of corruption I leave when exploring the surface.If you were ever a fan of dungeon building games like Dungeon Keeper, you will definitely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,262280,20338039,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ruthless Murder,"The game is fun and quirky. The interface is kind of clunky, but is quick and easy to learn. It took my attention away from Fallout 4 if that means anything."
76561198030693229,Recommended,262280,15680005,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,"Why do I recommend this game?1.  The gameplay reminds me very much of the old DK series.  I know the comparison has been done to death but there it is.2.  I love the somewhat cartoonish art style.3.  As of this writing, the overworld RTS part isn't fully fleshed out control-wise as it's missing some pretty common controls (like subgroup selection).  That's supposed to be patched in soon.  Still, it's nice to not just sit in the dungeon waiting on heroes.  I like taking it to them for once >:).There's been some complaints you've no doubt seen in negative reviews.  I will say this.  I like the narrator.  He's funny.  Does he nag me a bit too often sometimes?  Yes.  Do I mind?  Not really, no.  Does he advertise for other Kalypso games?  No.  I've heard that maybe once and it was clearly a joke.  Everything else he says is a joke so why would that be the one thing taken seriously?  Finally, I have had no performance issues thankfully.  I don't have a beast of a computer (low-end core i7, 12 GB RAM, R9 270X 2 GB card) but there's no overworld or dungeon lag for me so far.Anyway, if you're looking for a fun and funny game that has you building a den of righteous evil from which to strike out against the so-called ""good guys"" look no further."
76561197960564628,Recommended,262280,15694778,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Prime,"This is my first time playing a dungeon manager/builder game such as Dungeons 2 but I am having fun in my first 20 hours. A quick read of a game review on kotaku prompted me to purchase this game after it mentioned Blizzard's Warcraft RTS series. If you’ve played other real time strategy games such as Warcraft or Starcraft, then the learning curve for Dungeons 2 should not be very steep at all. So far I've only played the single player campaign missions, and while the storyline is neither compelling nor immersive, it is entertaining nonetheless. While I have only played the campaign mode so far, most of that time has been spent designing, building, expanding, and making my dungeons look aesthetically pleasing while remaining efficient instead of going straight for the mission objective. With that being said, I found that both the room/building and the unit diversity to be a bit lacking. For example, there are eight different types of rooms that can be built once the third and final tier is unlocked. A room is either a production facility or what the game calls a “room”. Some “rooms” have multiple structures that can be built, but do not require a research path to unlock different structures. For example, when playing as the horde, a hospital can both restore health to units over time, and revive units that have died in the overworld (outside of the dungeon), but the revival feature is researched at the tinkerer’s cave so no investment into whether the hospital room will act as a recovery unit or revival center is required. Therefore it often feels unnecessary and excessive to have a hospital at two different areas of your dungeon. Similar to my opinion of room diversity, there are only five units to choose from (one of them being a worker unit). The other four units can be upgraded upon reaching the next tier. If you count the upgraded versions of the units as a new unit, then there are actually 13 different units in the game.  With that being said, and despite my criticisms of the game, I’ve still logged 20 hours of gameplay and they have been a fun 20 hours (keep in mind that I have never played a dungeon manager/builder game before) which is why I would recommend this game, especially to someone such as myself who has been eagerly awaiting the next great medieval fantasy RTS, but has never played a dungeon manager game before."
76561198006732351,Recommended,262280,15655937,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,worgun_tyre,"Its so good to see someone pick up the mantle left abandoned when BULLFROG games went under. I have missed the ""dungeon master"" genre of games very much and this one kept up with every aspect of the games I loved when I first got into them. Dungeons 2  is a dungeon builder that is extremely balanced and has a solid line of progression from one level of play to the next.  There are a couple points where the narrator gets a little testy when you dont follow the games line of progression, but that's a minor thing.  Using the traps takes a little practice, but when you finally get the hang of them.. its fun to watch the heros waltze into your house of pain."
76561198067262843,Recommended,262280,15667108,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sbesea31,This game is absolutely brilliant! The narrator has me in stitches with his comments. Highly recommend this game and worth the cost! So far so good!
76561197969323159,Recommended,262280,15529235,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Bartucian,"I hope they do more with it. Would like better control of my minions inside my own dungeon too but I suppose that's too RTS style. But this game is a ton of fun, much better than War For the Overworld. Only because it went with the DK style, community opinion and did MORE with it. WFTO seemed a bit more.. dk1/dk2ish and not so much about the 'dungeon' as it was the 'build an army quickly and rush' attitude. Honestly they should take the advice of the community a bit more and do what Dungeons 2 did. Improve. I hated, I mean hated the first game of dungeons but I love this one. Very happy to have bought it."
,Recommended,262280,15577457,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,LoliPop,"Fun game but a few problems. Campaigns short roughly 10~11 missions no need for real super complex dungeons just 2-3 well placed traps and ai dies and super slow build up for base and army and everything. The biggest negative is the fact it takes and hour to build up anything half decent and the narrator wont shut up about how slow you are.Those are the most glaring problems i see most people comment on(including myself) i enjoyed the game for what it was. Build dungeon ✔, control little minions  ✔, crush all who oppose you with the might of a massive(20-30 units so not massive massive) armies  ✔. Wont say its worth how much its priced right now but maybe it be best to buy this when its on sale for roughly 20 or less bucks.Hopefully they add more content or speed up  the progression in the game, do either of those and ill probably play it for another 10-12 hours. But to reiterate, no buy now, buy on sale."
,Recommended,262280,15556361,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jachymor,"So far a good deal into the campaign, about to finish the Horde campaign and just started the Demon campaign after 10 hours into the game.The Dungeon Keeper II comparison is a must, but there is no better way to messure the game. Two different Dungeon factions offer low species variety per faction, but a high unit variety with different roles and purposes. There are barely any funny videos, but loads and loads of cheesy commentary from the Stanley Parable announcer. There are less mechanics and rooms (yet?) in terms of the dungeon, like prisons and casinos, but more focus on tech, micromanagement, dungeon control and overworld warfare.It is fair to say that Dungeons II orientates itself closer to Dungeon Keeper than before, but instead of copying the formula, they try their own receipe and so far I am very happy with it. If I had to make criticism, then it would be in the amount of non-campaign maps, which is far too low. Overall, the game reaches a 100% of the comparison skala: 50% of the old formula, 50% of own, new ideas."
76561197966235063,Not Recommended,262280,17444563,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Quick Draw,"A fun little game, where the operative word is ""little"", as in small, as in shallow, as in you sped 45 min on it and you'll have build every thing in the game. No real strategi to speak of. enemies just run streight for your dungeon heart, with no concern for their own safety. also only one stategi for beating the enemy is just to swamp him with all of your forces at once. the game is literaly lacy and quite boring. all of the VERY FEW maps might as well be the same map, and all the enemies are just as boring and generic. there is no features other than a name that distinguish your forces from eachother, and enemy forces are just as boring. the game lacks personality, and playing it is like eating a plain piece of bread. this game is barely worth playing as a tablet-game. When you are building your ""dungeon"" you will experience that most items can only be placed in one or two ways, which is the locked angle of the camera, this is especially troublesome because it break any oppotunity you'll have for more complex designs (not that you need it, as said earlier AI is basically abcenst) visuals are good though, but that is the only praise i could ever hope to give it.Summery:Empty & shallow gaming experience.Very restricted building oppotunities.Abcent and lazy AI (both enemies and your units)Obvious DLC mill.Extremely repetative.Total lack of strategy.Conclusion: Not recommended."
76561197990095844,Recommended,262280,15527461,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,joehermsen,"I loved the Dungeon Keeper games, but absolutely hated the first Dungeons.  Dungeons II is a lot more like Dungeon Keeper.  The humor is a riot.  The game is really enjoyable.  I hope there will be more dlc dungeons to play.  This one is going to stay on my harddrive."
76561197984405329,Not Recommended,262280,17415766,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Hermundure,"The reviewer below me pretty much summed it up extremely well and I have nothing more to add.- extremely low difficulty- very shallow (or pretty much nonexistant) tactical/strategical component on both sp and very much recognizable on mp- one multiplayer mode is senseless (the destruction of the other dungeon heart) because its pretty much always leading to a draw and unwinnable / unloosable for both sides, this is confirmed by the devs since version 1.0- the visual language is extremely blurry and unclear, battles blur into a mess of colors and effects with no way of telling what is what and why its there- no true need for many research options like better traps, doors (totally ignorable), spells (totally ignorable too) or working power improvements of the workers- simply becomes boring very fast because of the bottomline difficulty"
,Recommended,262280,15542433,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Adlerson,"Absolutely LOVE this game. Didn't enjoy Dungeons I, this game, on the other hand, is a winner. The 'true' heir to Dungeon Keeper, well polished, great framerates, the humour is absolutely AWESOME, so far I can't get enough of it."
,Not Recommended,262280,16495467,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ordo Skirata,"Terrible game. Far too easy and kid friendly. I have much higher hopes withWar for the Overworld.The narrator also has a horrible script to work with, and his lines are played again and again until you are forced to mute his voice. This is done in an attempt to force you to your objective, making enjoying the game at your own pace disallowed by the developers.Gameplay wise the game is just boring. Nice dungeon building mechanics, but taking over the surface world is a piece of cake, as is defending your dungeon.Recommend it as a game for kids but.. Long time Dungeon Keeper fans? No way."
,Recommended,262280,15533752,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jenzarrrr,"Warcraft 3 meets Dungeon Keeper in this fantastic game!Voiced by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who guides you though The Stanley Parable this game is both fun and funny. All the animations are clean and its a very balanced game.One little thing that bugged me when I first stared playing is that i didn't know how to add items to rooms. You have to click the room then the item which wasn't that intuitive in my opinion. Either way, its a lot of fun, if a bit patronising (as can be expected from the guy from Stanley Parable).EDIT: The campaign mode is actually a lot shorter that I thought it would be, the ending wasn't that satisfying or even obvious at the time. ""Okay we killed the elves! What next?! Wait what?"" Its a very blunt ending that makes it seem that there is perhaps more to come (i hope) either way, a fun game."
76561197977165692,Recommended,262280,15530622,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tjaranis,"if you don't wanna read A lot:it's a MOST BUY for old dungeon keeper fans.if you loved dungeon keeper you will love this one.____________now for people that got the time to read a lot :PSo finished all missions in the campaign :)It took my roughly 13 hours with two crashes so let us say 11 hours to complete all the campaign missions :)So what do I think about it.Well first of I REALLY liked it, it was fun and was very close to what I wanted from a Dungeon keeper game.I will go through my thoughts here:Graphics:I really like the graphics, the animations are pretty good too. However I would like to see a bit more different attacks and the attack itself needs to be speeded a bit up (attack animation) since it looks a tiny bit weird right now.But overall the graphic is Really good.Sound:Well the creatures does not have much going for them, what they do have is good, but they are just silent with a few grunts, I would have liked some voice stuff.The narrator is amazing; it is funny while being informative. Very well done.Are there music? If so it was good enough for my brain not to turn it off, but not so good that I can remember it.Ambient and weapon/fighting sounds where good all over.Controls:I found the controls quite ok for what it is.I would like some improvement on the rts part since if we need to micro manage skills I want to be able to do so easily without having to fight the interface to grap ONE creature and use the right skill on the right enemy or friend which can be very hard currently.In dungeon mode, I found it a bit hard to catch and drop creatures, hitting them and knowing which one you hit is a bit chunky and could need improvements.Ability to grab workers from the interface would be very nice, same with creatures. If it is to prevent grabbing them while they are doing important task just make a priority system which always grab creatures idling first.Camera controls, I want to be fully in control of my camera ty. Please do not limit my rotation, angling and zoom.Of Couse there have to be a limit but it should be where I never feel it prohibits me.Interface stuff:I would like to be able to see level of my creatures over their heads. I would also want a way to inspect them easily.Information is a bit hard to get on creatures I think, or not hard but fiddly, should be made more convenient.The many maps makes it a bit confusing but nothing you don’t get used too.Besides that, I think the interface all over is pretty good.Creature variety:There is a large variety of creatures and two full races to play with, with different mechanics, tactics etc. that is pretty damn awesome !!Some more customization in gear for each creature would be nice, or some way of adding the title’s without the books, would be good.AI and Combat:The combat is properly the games weakest point even though its not bad at all.The AI isn’t very good, while it works very well for what it is, it’s very simple, ranged mobs doesnt avoid melee, succubus healers don’t heal before they get the full benefit of the heal, meaning not healing 80% of the time so stuff dies, most abilities can’t be auto used and due to the “cluster F” of the combat it becomes very annoying.I think the ai in combat need a TON of improvement, in a dungeon defender I generally don’t want to have to fight the different systems to micromanage like crazy. No I want to build my army and enjoy it doing its thing with only low interaction from me ^^when that is said it works so well that i didnt feel frustrated or annoyed by it, i just see all the potential i would like it to do instead :PWould like to see the ai actually protecting the dungeon on it’s own as well. Guard rooms needs to give xp while creatures are at them or they are essentially just wasting space and time standing there.The ability to pre-set “formations”, reaction pattern (flee when low, move back if in melee, protects friendly ranged that is attacked; etc.)AI in general:The ai is pretty ok at doing what it is suppose to.I find it pretty cool how creatures start doing workouts, waving at you and other such stuff making them seem more alive, but at the same time I am missing a LOT more of this.I would love creatures to interact more with each other, speak, fight, bully, taunt and have fun.This part is actually one of the most important once for me, I want to be able to sit back when I build my perfect dungeon and just follow the different creatures life and enjoy them like I would with a “tv show” (you can a tiny bit but there is so much more which could be done).I would like to see the AI advantage on its own accord as well, not sure exactly how this would work, would require something like new spawners popping up in the underground or over ground.Something creatures could go fight by their own will, to make them feel more like they are alive and do stuff they want themselvesGameplay flow and speed:I find the general overall speed of the game really good with one exception.Paydays and gold gathering: because there is so long from a to b once your dungeon gets a decent size you use the VAST majority of your creatures time walking from a to b instead of doing stuff. There most be a way to fix this.And having to make gold rooms all over the place because it takes the workers too long if you don’t and workers are taking resources from your army so you can’t just mass them to make up for it, it is a problem which needs to be fixed :)The flow of the game seems good; it is a nice mix of build your army and see it destroy stuff.Rooms:Most of them are awesome! :D feels a bit limited on some though, you need a TON of space to use them for several creatures, not sure if that is good a bad, it is hard to tell because the issue with it is that creature speed is so low that getting paid is really slow and takes forever.I would like a feeding room (meat not just beer).And I would REALLY REALLY! Like an actually efficient training room. As the training room are now it seems really bad for training xp etc.This is due to two things:1. Creatures roles are VERY important so taking them of that for the minor benefit the training gives is not very valid.2: they never go there to auto train so you manually have to get them to do it, making it a hell to micro manage.Model size’s:The demons seems to have reasonable sized creature big and small (the torture rooms model is WAY too big though.. and animation for it really need improvement since its “boring”) but the orc’s all are generally around the same size with little difference, goblins should be much smaller, trolls bigger, and orc’s in the middle of it.Conclusion:overall I had a blast in the game, it is very fun and entertaining ^^it feels like a successor to dungeon keeper and it improve on the idea of dungeon keeper while keeping the spirit and awesome feeling of it.There is as mentioned a handful of things I would like to see changed, but it is pretty minor and I am VERY much looking forward to expansions, dlc, or the next game you guys created (granted it builds on this one in its concepts and stay within the dungeon manager feel :P  )"
76561198006704302,Recommended,262280,20580249,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,-=ETM=-Screamer,"Absolutely great game!I remember that I didn't like the first game of Dungeons (the previous game). But Dungeons 2 is a lot different.I see a lot of people that compare this game with Dungeon Keeper 2. Well if you liked DK2, then I'm sure you'll love this game too!Gameplay:I find the game is a bit easy. But this is something I like and it means more people can enjoy this game. The game is slow compared to Starcraft, so if you are used to Starcraft speeds you might get irritated by the slowiness.The game has character grouping (really handy) and shortcuts to spells and places.You can play most missions at your own pace, which is also something I really like. I did not try multiplayer.The cursor (the hand) in the game is a bit difficult to control.You can build traps, doors and rooms in this game!There are 2 area's for the average mission: the underground (where you build your dungeon) and the above grounds. Train your minions and take them to wreck havoc on the lands!Graphics:On overall I'm satisfied with the graphics.Sound:Great music and I like the narrorations (great voice).Game in overall:- Nice jokes & easter eggs :-)- 20 hours of gameplay for me (unless you try to beat the game asap)- Finally a dungeon building strategy game!- Ability to fight above grounds- 12 great spells- the hints during loading of the level contain some important hints- stable game (only froze once, but was able to return to desktop)- DLC available (if you want more)Cons:- cursor is a bit difficult to control- if you have a lot of creatures your computer might become a bit slow (at least for me with a GTX 670)- some of the hints during loading of the game are only displayed 1 second- there's a lag when trying to pick up multiple creatures- No ability to choose difficulty levelThank you Kalypso, for making this game available to us!"
76561198004574208,Recommended,262280,15720003,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dryani,A huge step up in gameplay and polish from the original Dungeons. Very well made.
76561198018634457,Recommended,262280,25034853,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jafraser,"I was a big fan of Dungeon Keeper 1, so-so on 2. The humor and fun of that is in this game, and I loved that the narrator from the original games is back and that it is very forgiving on taking longer to complete each mission than the developers expect or on wasting unique units.It is really rare to find a game that is amusing and enjoyable just on the basis of having fun for a few evenings of gameplay. I had a great time with it.Very necessary to set compatibility mode to windows 7 if you are running windows 10. Until I did that, my mouse was not working very well when the screen was busy with effects."
76561198025162775,Recommended,262280,26139190,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all, Xander ,I LOVE this game. As a fan of the Dungeon Keeper franchise this was a long time coming.  I would warn that the game can be very slow paced. But that's what I love about it.
76561197965046644,Recommended,262280,35109129,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A basic RTS with a very slow start. It can be annoying at the start as enemies raid your base while your still trying to build a defense or a military to protect you but once you get going you will find your military will become overpowering and will simply destroy anything in your path.The overall difficult is rather easy as once you pass the first few minutes of building your base, you should have a decent defense followed by a decent military to keep pushing out towards your enemy base.  Overall if you like RTS you will get a good few hours out of this, just note the mulitplayer seems dead so don't expect much on that end."
,Not Recommended,262280,25725803,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ShooterMcGvn,"It's a really fun game, but there isn't much variety to the rooms/units. If you make a giant dungeon, you can't really fill it up much. There's a handful of units and upgrades and it's pretty fun for awhile, but I personally got burnt out on it quick."
,Recommended,262280,19106305,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Vega,"Very fun, a little bit of a slow start. Campaign seems like one large tutorial, but once you learn everything skrimishes are fun. You can have an infinite game going and just build which is really cool. To make the game seem complete you need the dlc, without the dlc the game seems a bit barren. All an all it is a really good game and i enjoy it quite a bit."
,Recommended,262280,15622044,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,NimLord,"Remeber dungeon keeper 2? Add a narrator taken from The Stanley Parable, a lot of humor, and a new graphics, and you got this game. amazing piece of renewed nostalgie with a little bit of a modern twist. 5/5."
76561197976318470,Recommended,262280,29411304,Posted: 21 January,all,Brian,"This game is very well made.  Good graphics, funny commentary, no bugs I could find.However, they changed the game from the first Dungeons.  Now you no longer lure heroes into your dungeon, instead, small raiding parties always invade and bring no extra gold with them.  In its place is the ability to explore above ground in a almost Warcraft 3 style.Basically, this iteration of the game moved more towards RTS from Dungeon building SIM.  One thing I did not like about the original Dungeons was that you had to spend so much time making each room look good and then start over again in the next match.  This game has your monsters decorating/improving the walls in your rooms in their free time.If I could improve anything about this game, I would like the dungeon space to either be larger or some additional way to provide more gold.  Adding more gold veins or bringing back the old Dungeons mechanic where exploring heroes would drop gold would help.The campaign itself is pretty good and the narrator adds a very nice touch.  It did feel like the ending got chopped off, but I think there is more story/content in the ""A Game of Winter"" DLC.  There is a final ""battle"", but the story doesn't completely wrap up.I did like the ability to upgrade my monsters.  You can upgrade in three ways.  One is transforming your monster into a different but related creature.  My favorite is the regular goblin to goblin riding a flame throwing mech.  Another way to upgrade is to just increase the strength and abilities of monsters using research.  The last way is that your monsters level up as they take down enemies making keeping them alive more important.Rating - 7/10Dungeon Keeper fans= should try it outOther casual players = pick up on sale"
76561198189775318,Recommended,262280,15698915,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,christopherblair120389,loved the game :) just waiting for the DLC's now :P
,Recommended,262280,21842005,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Asuras,"I loved Dungeon Keeper and I now love Dungeons 2! It's great to have this game also available for Linux. I can't stop playing until I've finished the campaign. I know, I'm old fashion - but this game reminds me of my youth."
76561198038177585,Recommended,262280,15523575,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sarion,"Graphics: 5/5Story: 5/5Gameplay: 4,5/5PLayed Dungeons I a long time but it lost its breath on the road ... Until now i can`t see that for Dungeons II ... better ... it gets funnier for every new level. Take your time let yourselfe be immersed by this wonderfull dungeongame.Until now with over 6 hours gameplay i found one thing that i would change... That you can get informations of your creeps without taking them in the hand.Until now i had only once a ""bug""... my Quicksave needed around 3 Minutes to save ... a restart of the game fixed it completely so don´t know if it comes from me or the game had some issues."
76561198015232268,Recommended,262280,15525410,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Greenfox21,"FUn,Evil,Unicorns.This game has it all.I played trough the kmapgain in 5 hours nearly.The only thing that bugs me is.. my own stupidness and the absence of an auto save function.Save, save , save manualy. Or you will cry like me xD.And yes. Evil Humor is needed.Many Ring of The Lord Reference are given.Warcraft is going to be pulled trough the mud by jokes too.And expect woman slapping xD."
,Recommended,262280,15557143,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Foxy,"The good and the bad real short:Good:Much like dungeon keeperMany cool things to doBad:Too much micromanagement in some regardsCreatures rather stupidMultiplayer very limited and exploitableSummary:If there are some small changes made (for example creatures train by themselves, enemy cant avoid hits by moving anymore, more autonomy for the creatures/better selection of priorities/better AI in general) I would rate this 95/100 but the way it sits right now i can only give it:70/100"
,Not Recommended,262280,21182585,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"This game, unfortunately, just does not offer enough to keep my interest. The gameplay is slow and uninteresting, the character types are too limited and the game just feels like less of what Dungeon Keeper is. The narration is the best part about this game, not surprising as its the same narrator as The Stanley Parable. He does a great job in this as well but its not enough to hold this game together. I had frame drops as well, and I couldn't load my save after trying to reload my last play session so I had to start the campaign mission over again even though I was almost done. Luckily the campaign progress does save properly.The good things. First, the tone is exactly what you'd want from a dungeon keeper cloan. Its amusing and it has that generic charm of good vs evil, but its entirely intentional. Second, exploring the overworld while also keeping track of your dungeon adds an interesting dynamic, unfortunatly the gameplay isn't engaging or challenging enough to make it interesting. Just keep orcs in your dungeon and you'll be fine, thats basically the strategy. The game also looks quite good, the design of the dungeon is particularly nice.Unfortunately for me this is about where the good ends. The sound design leaves a lot to be desired, from the contact hits to the footsteps, to slapping your minions, it all sounds like it was made by a rookie sound team. The rooms aren't varied enough, the enemy and minion design isn't close to varied enough, even in the sandbox mode. I think this game could have been a lot better with more unique minion types and room types.Overall, I think Dungeons 2 was a nice attempt at a fun Dungeon Keeper cloan, but it falls flat. Even if your a fan of the genre I wouldn't bother picking this up unless it has a serious discountWorth It In A Bundle or A Deep Discount"
76561197992886766,Recommended,262280,15527596,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Honorable_D,"Yet another game inspired by the Dungeon Keeper franchise (I'm not complaining!) that has you carving out a dungeon and recruiting various evil minions to do your bidding!Dungeons 2 does it a bit different, though!Rather than being set underground for the entire game you can instead take to the surface and kill/pillage/corrupt your way to victory. So, in a way, its two games in one: a below ground dungeon building sim complete with traps, multiple rooms and spell/tech research and then an above ground RTS style where you box select your units and have them activate special attacks to defeat enemy strongholds! There are also 2 factions (Horde and Demons) complete with their own unique units and dungeon rooms for added evil value!Great graphics, a robust narrator with some witty lines, campaign that'll take 15-25 hours, skirmish/endless mode and a selection of multiplayer modes all come together rather nicely all-in-all. By no means is the game a 10/10 but its sure to help scratch that Dungeon Keeper itch!"
76561198058769387,Recommended,262280,15524365,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Flotten,"If you are looking for a good ""spiritual sequal"" to the Dungeon Keeper series, look no further!  Unlike the competition, this game is solid, performs very well, and I have not noticed any bugs yet.  I like the fact that it combines the Dungeon building with the above ground RTS like quests, very well done, and by experienced developers too.  Definately worth it!"
76561198259711092,Recommended,262280,24939952,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,msfexcellent,"I absolutely love this game. From the very start it's engaging, hilarious and a challenge. The narrator's mocking, sassy personality makes the whole thing even better! I've never played Dungeon Keeper so I couldn't care less about the 'IT'S NOT DUNGEON KEEPER' malarky. It's not supposed to be Dungeon Keeper. If that's all you came to review, please refrain.I almost didn't purchase the game from seeing numerous complaints about it and I'm glad I purchased it anyway. I've played almost nonstop the past few days, fighting for just one more completed campaign. I'm no super fancy expert judge of games but I loved the graphics and the little quirks of the game, especially the slow gathering of new traps and bad guys to work with.All in all if you like playing fun, entertaining games where you get to be the Ultimate Evil and extinguish those smug, sanctimonious ""heroes"" in a myriad of ways you will love this game."
,Recommended,262280,20438651,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sir PaperSamurai,"The game is fun, to a extend to some. It may not be a full similarity of Dungeon Keepers Franchise but it has its own charm. Despite of 'attracting' units from the portal like in DK, you are hiring them from the world below to come work in your Dungeon. So therefore, DK players would have to get used to the mechanics that this game has and keep playing.Here below are my thoughts, it may or may not be the same as anyone else. But its worth saying out.Good Points:- You can build your Dungeon however you like. (Refilling on tiles you might have accidentally unearth.)- You can make your own specific army.- You have different fractions of 'Evil' (Demons/Orcs and etc. That is if I have not uncovered them all yet.)- Upgrade / Research System aka The ForgeNeutral Points:- Population System/ Evolution Mechnics (Maybe its just me.)- Minions/Servants carry so little gold.Bad Points:- Game crashes on me. (Randomly after few hours or so.)In short, if you are a gamer like me who LOVES to dig up the whole dungeon (despite having the Narrator annoying you from time to tim for dragging the game so long.) to reveal its secrets of 'free units', books and hidden gem steams. Just remember to save your game every 30 mins or so. Otherwise, a whole dungeon's worth of time will be gone. Which happened to me like three times.Other than that, have fun conquering the Lands of the Goodies and be evil smacking your Minions / Servants to make them work faster."
,Recommended,262280,20440876,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,★cherrie★,"Beautiful game, highly intruged and well designed!!!for those who love dungeon keeper 1 / 2 and a mixture of warcraft will love this game ALOT."
76561197993067447,Recommended,262280,16854299,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Whiteferret,This is a GREAT game. It's a good modernization of the classic Dungeon Keeper. The comedic writing and storytelling is great and fits perfectly. The dungeon gameplay and mechanics are fun and play really well.  This is definitely a must for your game collection!
76561198007267250,Recommended,262280,24559452,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MADhorseKD,"So to start off.What is a nice throwback and attempt at Dungeonkeeper with some twists on it, its got some issues. Its a great concept and though i said the same about the first Dungeons, this one is actually better and more true to the concept.Do note, the gameplay ends up like trying to plug and save a leaking/sinking ship ( depending on how good your at it). Where youll be desperately trying to find gold, fend off waves of enemies and meet the games grueling demands of quest goals. (TL;DR at the bottom, but i advise to read all of it before you buy.)* The game (and every individual map) actually starts really effing slow.Youl find yourself waiting a long♥♥♥♥♥time for your workers to do anything, especially when your clearing out large rooms. Even more so when those happen to have gold nodes that take longer and has them scurrying off to the nearest gold pile. Youl end up waiting a long time on your mana and research as well. Even more since you need mana and gold to even start your research. (all of it is needless to say, very slow).* Only when youve risen up a tier or two (3 tiers total) will you get the good stuff instead of the same old bland newbie stuff mission after mission.In the campaign, this means nearing the mid and end of the campaign.In single this means collecting evil and when you do, theres really only a research need for your minions, not your workers, since theyve usually already done all the digging you need. All they do now is just stand around collecting gold and placing it at their feet (if your smart enough to place a treasury there.)Hope to christ you have an unlimited gold node on your map (usually is when your mid campaign, try searching the edges of the map) Or your already boned...The narrator is the same guy from the Stanley Parable, i love his voice and the guys a pro. But the script at times is really forced and cringy and META as ♥♥♥♥. The best laughs i had were smirks and mild 'ah, i see the reference now' moments. And those get hammered in on repeat till your sick of it.Its fun to have certain minions from the start till the end, level up, gain more fighting power, a new look and class, more side jobs skill and even titles from finding power books or doing stuff. You get attached so to speak. And the design of most of the units is quite well done. Others (like the naga or the spider bugs) look bland and boring.With the Winter expansion, youl be playing 3 evil sides in total. Each with their own play style, units and feel. With some elements staying the same, which is nice.On to the more annoying stuff:Important: THIS GAME DOES NOT GIVE YOU A ♥♥♥♥ING BREAK! ......EVER!!!!!* Where the campaign starts off slow as ♥♥♥♥. Youl find yourself to be always in need to get all upgrades for your tier before your able to do stuff without too many casualties (they recover at your base, if you have the proper room and devices, thank ♥♥♥♥ for that, but it takes a while)* As you progress, youl find yourself swamped with wave after wave after wave of increasingly more powerful enemies. At a rate thats actually quite unpleasant and hard to follow because of slow income and reasearch times.* While you can make long, snaking tunnels filled with traps and doors to bar out invaders, which mind you youve just spent ages researching in between waves and assaults and pay days, youl find that in most invasion parties (Youl mostly be facing the alliance), which even at the very first wave, has a bard. A halfling Bard. Eventually this will be 2-3 Halfling bards.This ♥♥♥♥er is IMMUNE TO ALL TRAPS and does not trigger them, is programmed to (when seeing a door or trap) head out with the party halted nearby and disarm your doors and traps....as an AOE...yup an area disarm....allowing his remaining party of death to just waltz through your tunnel as if they owned the damn place...Oh, and the bard also heals and gives a boost to his allies.  YOU WILL HATE THIS ♥♥♥♥ERDont even bother setting traps unless its the exploding kind. Heroes cannot help but hit those and get AOE damage (except the effing bard) Or the teleportation thing which is a 1 hit kill for anything enemy like. All of this results that you have to rally your minions to the intrusion anyways...having them run away form their important ( and ♥♥♥♥ing time consuming) tasks, like research and mana collection for a higher unit cap. Oh and forget picking them up one by one...and placing them down again, one by one...(which even has a small delay on it, ♥♥♥♥ that noise). Your dudes will lie there for a second or so and then hobble up, WHILE GETTING ATTACKED if you were careless. So use the rally spell and wait for them to run over.* Just as important events are starting, which usually are timed and result in an instant GAME OVER, youl find that your still reeling from yet another pay day, yet another wave incoming, or a sudden demon gate spawning end tier demons near your dungeon heart. And youl actually barely be on par to deal with the issue at hand.* Timers are too short, enemies have stupid buffs and a lot of support units. Youl get shelled from catapults and towers. Invaded by demons just out of effing nowhere (again, do not even bother setting traps, just set up a guard room with an alarm so that only nearby minions will stop their tasks).* Didnt manage to kill that passing caravan i just announced and only needs 2:45 seconds to reach the town?  of which you need a good 30secs to mobilize your forces?  Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, game over or i just made it extra hard for you....oh look, another hero spawner!* Enemies will heal their allies in an instant for nealy more than half their health. They will charm your units and may even give their allies nasty buffs. Oh, and usually come in 2-3 of everything.  Squad of a bard, 4 amazon berserker ladies and 2 elf druid healers?  yup.* Always upgrade your minions to a full unit cap, they arent only better at fighting but also their side jobs. Saving you valuable moments of your life.* My God everything is expensive 0.0, you can easily toss 10K on a room with devices. Knowing that a typical worker rakes in between 40-70 gold per haul, thats expensive... And tedious.....And youl need to choose, workers or minions, since both count towards unit cap.  More income and get ♥♥♥♥ed by the enemy? or have a good army that bleeds you dry. Fun...* Pay Days are the worst -_- , youve just had one, and lost around 2K in funds. Everyones back to their chores or fighting a wave or resting after having died! and when your workers manage to regain that 2K ...oh guess what , its 'pay day'. ♥♥♥♥ me...i thought 'Payday 2' was economy heavy, Jeezus...* Cant afford to pay your dudes? Need more housing or food but cant afford it? ouch, tough break Chummer. Were all on strike now!  ♥♥♥♥ working for you! We require more Money Pile-ons (get it?).* Youl easily find yourself having to do the same map over again for 2-3 times. given your luck maybe even more. And dread to dig in certain areas because of the possible monster spawners there that release an unGodly amount of spiders, weird looking dog lizards and worse homing in for your dungeon Core. Which you need to end or YOU WILL DIE.* The entire game feels like your trying to paddle upstream in a leaking and sinking little boat. Constantly trying to replug holes and dunk water overboard while paddling. Once you manage to seal all your holes and get the water out, your good to go, but man is that a chore. And a game isnt supposed to be a chore.TL;DR:Game feels like a chore and has enormous potential to be a salt mine for people.But damn it if im not invested to see it through...Still better than Impire.Recommended cause you get as invested in this as i am. If only just to finish this ♥♥♥♥er."
,Recommended,262280,15708518,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,sunshinemu,I so recommend this game. Its Dungeon Keeper. My teenage years are reborn. Thank you for developing this! The narrator is zany and fun. The game play is great. I got to stop now. must go back and play so more!!!!!
76561197977429045,Recommended,262280,20282550,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ǂ Ŧānnħāusęṝ ǂ,"Thankfully, this game is nothing like Dungeons 1. Instead, it is a Dungeon-Sim much more in the spirit of the original Dungeon Keeper, with clever new gameplay mechanics, namely sending troops to the surface in RTS-style to attack the Alliance bases. The campaign has been a blast - there's a lot of humour, the narrator cracks me up every time. :-) My only major gripe is the fact that that same narrator keeps chiding me for not fulfilling objectives fast enough when I'm still expanding my dungeon and would like to be left on my own for a while (e.g. ""The slovenly Evil had *still* not eradicated that faerie village...!"" - this can grate on your nerves let me tell you).It is also very polished. Had one CTD in 40+ hours, which is okay in my book. I also really enjoy the cartoony graphics, especially the Undead faction have some unbearably cute units. And I saw an orc kick one of my workers, apparently just for fun. :-)Definitely recommended."
76561198070301864,Recommended,262280,24972749,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sayhth,I loved the Game and specially the narriator and the jokes he says some may say its cheesy but to me it was just the right ammount of funny never failed to give me a smile during times when i just start to feel the game is slow . to summerize  great game  fun and funny and i keep finding myself comming back wanting to play some more.p.s. sadly it seems to lack online players or im just playing it at wrong time of day ? :S
,Recommended,262280,17533743,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,fibric,"After 2 hours of playing I can tell its pretty much fun.Playing on a Mac Pro 2013 is very smooth with highest settings (except Anti Aliasing because having 3440x1400 screen resolution on 34"" display).Graphics are pretty, animations are fluid, design and style is cute and evil.It feels pretty much like Dungeon Keeper which is really great."
76561197971974454,Recommended,262280,15878111,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Soulforge,"If you loved the Dungeon keeper games back in the day you'll love this just as much, its very similar in all regards with minor twists like Horny for the ultimate evil, dungeon heart for the dungeon glowing pit thingy. You can place doors, traps, use magic spells, and 3 different versions of orcs, naga, trolls and goblins to play and toy with.Lets not forget the fact you can leave your dungeon and go above ground corrupting the lands as you walk thru them and destroy towns, buildings, kill unicorns and other magic and wonderful things with your evil horde :) .I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes to put some hurt on the heroes and wild beasties of the lands.Awesome Game, Defo worth buying in my books :)"
76561198022062899,Recommended,262280,20729638,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,CoolLew,Great game!Good substitute for Dungeon Keeper.  I love the Over-world aspect.  The story line and narrator are sufficiently campy.The only thing is that I wish there was more creature and room variety.
,Recommended,262280,22865941,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mallkier,"A hilarious game that easily offers 30+ hours of entertainment if ya include the expansions. The narrator to the game makes the experience all the more enjoyable. Would leave my game running several times just to see what new ways the narrator would start complaining at me doing nothing. Would recommend if ya enjoy a moderately easy difficulty strategy game with a good bit of humor with TONS of movie, TV, and game references and parodies."
76561198057883605,Recommended,262280,15523477,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,drweb86,Game is good.
,Recommended,262280,33660211,Posted: 19 July,all,Herregud,Reminds me of Dungeon Keeper. Funny narrator on the campaigns.
76561198065756612,Recommended,262280,16886769,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,acidbath94,"very simple but still quite fun, a very enjoyable game. my only complaint is it feels too short."
76561197963390148,Recommended,262280,21282739,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Tempest,"Still learning this game, only played it for a few hours but after 10 mins I was hooked.TBH I don't usually do reviews, but this is an awsome game, I started on the campain and the narrator had me in stiches, especially the comment when you dont do anything for a few minutes, like when I got up to make a coffee.highly recommend it to anyone,"
76561197973947942,Recommended,262280,18822045,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,richnky,good game too short even with expansions a few small bugs but overall very well done.
76561198028148112,Recommended,262280,15538183,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MegaLord,Reminds me of the old Dungeon Keeper games and thats a good thing.
,Recommended,262280,15603261,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Just1RandomGuy-DLR,"Loving the mix and the pacing. Some may complain that it takes too long to set up before you send your hoard out to destroy the overworld, but that's kinda the point of the whole thing. You're like Mordor, slowly building up before the unleash and the end of all things good. :D"
,Recommended,262280,15622105,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MonoDiTri,"The Good:-More ""Dungeon Keeper""-like than the previous ""Dungeons"" and more simpler concept.-Dungeon Management and Warcraft style RTS component.The Disappointed:-Limit for EVERYTHING, Monsters reach population limit so easily because minions are including in monster population which it's NOT suppose to, Gold limit is literally limit, in otherhand it increasing the challenge in resource management skill.-Overworld RTS (Warcraft controlled style) is nothing more than gang your mobs and using skills all the way with the highly limited number of monsters, which each tier have it own skills. So, you have to group every monster type seperately just to manage to use it skills efficiently.-And the bad news for grouping every type of monster is... very lacking key responsive, which many times have to press more than twice.-Very low responsive key is hurting magic skill usage too.Overall:If you love Dungeon Keeper 2 and capable to tolerate or managing the highly limited resource, this game is a good choice to remember the good feeling the Dungeon Keeper 2 is.If not, and you love sandbox-like side of DK2 then, this will annoy your♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
76561197979918656,Recommended,262280,34342204,Posted: 18 August,all,Nootch,"Highly recommended game for those who enjoy Dungeon Keeper based games.  Enjoyed playing the 3 factions.  Many current pop culture references to Game of Thrones, Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, etc.  Plus, a few funny references that you have to pay attention for.  The narrator was hilarious with his appearing statements here and there.  A great way to turn away from the norm and play the bad guys for once."
76561197987744283,Recommended,262280,24091154,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GnomishLich,"A Day in the Life of a Servant of the Chaotic Evil6:00 AM: dragged out of bed by the on-shift Evil Mistress, grabbed some coffee and my magi-pick-axe to go mine gold for the glory of the True Evil!7:00 AM: finished up my morning mining shift, still have not seen Phil since he was promoted yesterday to Summoning Portal Manager, lucky guy is probably still in bed. I head to the hall of admiration to tell the local Succubus how amazing she looks. Demons never tire of compliments. and least I don't have to praise the Infernals, the contact burns get old fast.8:00 AM:  Inspect the west annex guard complex for trap resets. Got slapped for walking past a disarmed tentacle. Huh, how'd that happen?10:00 AM: The previous shift must not be doing there jobs, 3 fire grates, 4 spiders eggs and tentacle trap all left un-reset or disarmed, spider eggs moved in place, a bit of work and the west annex should be secure. would be easier if Phil still worked my shift, but . . . oh well.10:05 AM: fled in terror from a Dwarf and his solders and the Bard who was clearly responsible for my trap work overtime. Hit the Gong in the west annex. My most abominable Evil hear my prayers, they're at the door, and I don't want to die.10:15 AM: After a very large rumble outside the door, i peek out to see a group of Pit Fiends playing rugby with the Bard's corpse. Back to work it is. A Mindflayer fell in the carnage, I'll take him for re-summoning, and maybe even see Phil on the way.Noon: Finish fixing all the havoc and clean out the smell of the heroes from the west annex. get slapped some more for not finishing sooner. Where the heck is Phil, and how can managing Summoning Portals take so much time? He's nowhere, is he just sleeping on the job, or is there a second chamber of summoning Portals i don't know about?1:00PM: Say Hi to bob as we both head to transports some exploding eggs and fire grates to the south annex. He hasn't seen Phil since yesterday either. Man, that promotion must mean he gets to work directly with the Ultimate Evil.  Lucky him!2:15PM: Wave and send off the latest group of demons to the surface, may their spoils be glorious yaddah yaddah, good riddance, now to get REAL work done. Bob, Jim and I are going to go expand the south annex, Evil wants mana crystals and there should be some down there.3:30PM:Jim got promoted thanks to the THREE of us finding a mana crystal and widening a path for an Abyssal and some Succubi to clear out the golem guards. Strange, that Abyssal looks new around here, then again, most demons just look the same to me. He laughed when i asked him if he saw Jim when he got summoned here. Summoning Portal management must be pretty cushy if you get to share jokes with the higher ups.4:00PM: explain to the the newly hired Servants, Ted and Rick, the finer points of Demon Admiration. on a good day, its all succubi and evil mistresses, on a bad infernals, Mindflayers, and any variety of Fright Demon. you have to fake it till you make it, except for the mindflayers, they'll know, and then your robed fuzzy butt is flayed. but if they enjoy it, i guess that counts as admiration, right?5:00PM:  Unbelievable, un-f-ing believable, Ted is here for less than a day and Ultimate evil has decided he's management material. At least I dodged a nasty bit by letting Rick get nominated for torture chamber clean up. He can have it. I must be slipping in my work ethic to get passed up.6:00PM: Assist the Ultimate Evil, and the Abyssal running the Mana forge by expanding in size. This abyssal reminds me of Jim somehow. I must be overworked. get slapped for daydreaming about the Summoning Portal Managers and their cushy lifestyle. I've finished my shift, I'm off to grab some shuteye. Tomorrow is another chance at getting my much deserved promotion.TLDR: feed workers to hell portals for unit upgrades, 10/10, would burn the countryside every time."
,Recommended,262280,17419263,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Brother Loden,"By far the most fun i've had with any dungeons saga, now i can't sadly judge it compared to the old dungeon keepers as i've sadly never tried those, but i believe this i a worthy succeser of the once fabled dungeon keepers ""I believe that was what it was called!"" 10-10 through and through, the only sad part is once you've finished the campaign there isent much else to do really, sure the MP and SP is fun too but still it dies out alittle after that sadly. However with upcoming expansions i believe it'll have a much more valueble replay value."
76561198025909601,Recommended,262280,15623147,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Blighte,"As stated several times, this is a combination of Dungeons meets Dungeon Keeper.  I have played for almost 12 hours, finished 7 missions in the campaign, and still can't get enough.  I do enjoy the game.  That being said, here is what I find that could use some work and/or polish:1)  Floating hand accuracy is inaccurate - When trying to pick up units in a crowded area, be it tools, beer, or several creatures, it is difficult to grab or highlight the exact creature I want.  The hand ""pointer"" seems to be around the lower part of the pointer finger close to the palm.  Hard to grab units easily and quickly.2)  Narrator - While I have found the narrator's humor to be exceptional, there were times I wish he was shut up because he was the one being the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.  I like to play out my campaigns over hours, trying to research everything and develop my entire dungeon, and I felt the narrator was trying to keep me on the game's timeline instead of my own.  Also, the advertising for Kalypso games, while funny and original, did get old after the 6th to 7th one.3)  Unit selection in the dungeon vs. the overworld - I really wish I could select my units in the dungeon as easily as I can in the overworld.  I may be missing a shortcut or other function for selecting in the dungeon, but as of now, having to pick up every unit I want to send to the over world, one by one, is very frustrating.  Especially when I have units set in a guard house that wander over to get beer or pay and I pick them up accidentally and send them to the overworld mission.  It would be nice to be able to shift+double-click on the population count icon to pick up all units of that type into the ""hand"" and deliver them to the overworld.  Or, let me set the rally banner in the overworld and have the units automatically go to the overworld tunnel from my dungeon.  However Kalypso wants to fix it, I feel it is an issue that should be addressed.4)  Pay vs. thirst frequency - I found I had no problem keeping up with the thirst demand (experimenting with only 1 dispenser, then 2, and finally 3) and after setting up the 3rd beer producer for a heavily populated dungeon I had excess beer production with no thirst issues, but the pay frequency seems to be, well, too frequent.  I haven't timed it yet but I do know that I was setting up a tinkerer's shop right after a payday hit and it couldn't have been more than 2 or 3 minutes when the next one hit.  With the slow rate of gold acquisition from the ""snots"", i feel the payday frequency should be lengthened slightly between pay days.5)  Unit pathing - I noticed when I sent units into combat, more often than not, my orcs at the front of my army would begin moving toward the enemy, come within a few feet of the enemy, then stop for approximately 2 to 3 seconds (while being damaged), then continue foward and engage the enemy.  It has happened on every campaign map I have done and is quite annoying.  I don't know if it's pathing or just a bug, but I feel it could use some attention as it does affect my game play and game enjoyment.  Like I said, it does get frustrating, especially when encountering a large opposing army.Well, that about sums up what I can remember so far regarding the issues I have found that I feel should be addressed.  Now, on a positive note, I feel the game has been beautifully designed.  I do love the narrator's humor and story telling.  Very unique.  The graphics, though cartoonish, are very visually pleasing and gorgeously done.  The sound is clear and helps me transport myself as if I am really in my dungeon or the overworld area.  Other than the interface issues above, I had no problems adapting to the controls.  I am still working on memorizing the hotkeys for everything (as there are many too remember), but overall the controls are easily learned.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys dungeon builders and RTS type games.  If Kalypso could keep giving this game attention and polish in future patches, I believe this game could be a very reliable and popular sequel to the previous dungeon builders many of us have come to enjoy and value."
76561198003173949,Recommended,262280,15745380,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,asmodeus,Love this game! Feels just like Keeper!!
76561198006494528,Recommended,262280,15798609,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Noddy,"Very happy with the game all round. Certainly had a much better launch than WftO. The game has a lighter appoach that was very funny. I loved how the terrain would change as I captured it. Spent many hours building up my huge dungeon in each map, so that padded out the campaign for me. I am certainly hoping that you have some plans for DLC or expansions in the near(ish) future!"
,Recommended,262280,15848843,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LoneWolf007,"My only beef with this game is that if you're running multiply monitors, your cursor doesnt lock to the game, moves to the next monitor and stops responding in game, it stops the scrolling of the game and really effects the gameplay"
76561198038730785,Recommended,262280,15620023,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Surfopotamus,Just like old times!
76561197972412303,Recommended,262280,15546752,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Bradz,This is actually a really good game! If you've played dungeons 1 or have heard about it you're probably staying away from this title but don't because it's nothing like the first. This game feels like a nive combination of dungeon keeper and warcraft 3 which is actually really enjoyable.
76561197993697139,Recommended,262280,16438125,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tarzool,"This is the best game in a long time of gaming. If you loved the Dungeon Keeper series and have been looking for an updated 'better' version to play, this is IT. I have played a few 'clones' of Dungeon Keeper and found them all a bit 'mah' this one however is everything you want in a dungeon management simulator game. It's updated enough to be new and fresh, but keeps to the base of the old game enough to still hit those nostalgia cords.It does have a few issues performance wise but few and far between, easy to overlook in a game of this quality.Definitely a must have for any fan of Dungeon Keeper."
,Recommended,262280,23243226,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Angry Tom,"A fantastic game made in the same vein as Dungeon Keeper. The similarities are remarkable, from monster types to play style. However, this isn't Dungeon Keeper, the game that set the bar. Nothing can reach my expectations when it comes to Dungeon Keeper, the game I couldn't stop playing when I was a kid.That said, this game brings back that nostalgic feel, that urge to ♥♥♥♥♥slap minions just 'cause you can. Dungeons 2 was enjoyable. Not Dungeon Keeper enjoyable, but still very enjoyable."
76561197970572093,Recommended,262280,15616985,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Bloody,"Good but could do better.ProsAtttractive units, textures and effects for most partDouble RTS and part time dungeon makerConsRTS portion not tacticalGameplay not fully fleshed out or explainedNarrator voice  over can be gratingSlow gameplay and not challenging enoughDisclaimer, i bought Dungeons and rated it -minus 100 out of 100, to this day i consider it the biggest ripoff of my games and thats saying a lot considering i have unfinished stuff like Stomping Land and even Godus..Dungeons 2 is a attactive dungeon simulator light which has 2 portions of gameplay, the Dungeon maker andan overland RTS ."
,Recommended,262280,15607669,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,JustifiedJordan,"Awesome game - Challenging gameplay, and the narrator is great - Reminds me of the Stanley Parable :D"
76561198044626433,Recommended,262280,15606224,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,msemanko2,Best Dungeon Keeper since Dungeon Keeper with the narrator from the Stanley Parable.
76561197997326384,Not Recommended,262280,15604516,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sysadmin Stress Release,"The Dungeon Keeper series has been crying out for a sequel ever since gamers were left hanging with the tantalizing view of Horny walking into the sunlight.  This game has the look, but falls frustratingly short in the execution.The developers decided to compensate for inability to design a discoverable UX or write a decent manual by having the narrator yell at the user.  Repeatedly.  For example:You're instructed to build an Arena and drop in a creature.  You do so, it happily flails away, gaining experience points.  On to the next bit of dungeon management...except the narrator is still complaining.  You train the creature again, train another, nothing is good enough.  GET OFF YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥!!Repeated.  Every few minutes.You exit the game in annoyance and search.  The Dungeons2 forums are down, and naming a game this generically doesn't help in search results.  Eventually you find a review complaining about the issue and discover that all the narrator's yelling about dropping the creature somehow neglected to mention that you also must deselect and then right-click on the Arena to choose a previously-hidden icon that levels the minion.  Brilliant!(For extra fun, you then complete the level and save.  When you return a few days later to give the game a second chance, it has lost your save and has you back in the same level.  With no creature trained yet and the announcer yelling about it again.  Repeatedly.)There are other interface issues, and the overworld play seems to be basically ""Build big army, abandon dungeon, steamroller foes.""  Wait for a 50% off sale if you want a little DK nostalgia."
,Recommended,262280,15555060,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MonsterTM,"Extremely fun! It's like a reverse dungeon crawling game. You play the ""bad"" guy and kill the heroes. I will enjoyed the narator too. For it is the same narator as in the standley parable. I also like the game/movies refferences said in the game.For exemple Frostgard=Frostmourn   , Gondord needs no king....   , Stanley stayed at his desk and he... oh wait this is the wrong script , the evil Sarumon.10/10  eNjoy ^-^"
,Recommended,262280,16636767,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FuntCase,"It's difficult to review a game like this without making reference to the Dungeon Keeper series, since this game is effectively a Dungeon Keeper clone with a twist. It breaks with the classic Dungeon Keeper formula in a few key areas, which is sometimes for the better, and sometimes for the worse.One aspect of the game I enjoyed the idea of was being able to send your creatures to fight on the overworld, something I always felt was lacking in Dungeon Keeper. In the overworld, the game switches to a more traditional RTS control scheme heavily inspired by Warcraft 3 (a game it makes reference to multiple times; more on this later), but lacking the polish of a proper RTS. This is where I felt the game was lacking - controlling units is clunky, and selecting individual units is difficult (you have to be VERY precise with your mouse clicks and it's hard to tell where your cursor is actually pointed because it's a big fat hand), which is a pain, since most units have active abilities (like Warcraft) which help them and their allies in combat. Overworld combat therefore often degenerated into two blobs of units ramming into each other, with the strongest unit blob emerging victorious.Another aspect of the game which I like in principle, but which was flawed in execution, is the ability to choose from two different factions - the Horde (another Warcraft reference) consisting of various green-skinned races, and the Demons (also referred to as 'The Flaming Legion'... yes, they did it again). In terms of mechanics, both factions play quite differently, however, the Demons require more micromanagement, are more difficult to use, and are just not very fun to play with in my opinion, which leaves me coming back to the Horde every time. There have been hints floating around that the devs are planning to bring in the Undead as a third faction. Watch this space.The underground aspect of the game plays like a simplified version of Dungeon Keeper. I like that you can now fill in areas of the dungeon you've mined out (so now my obsessive-compulsive tendencies are satisfied by perfectly shaped dungeon rooms and corridors. Researching upgrades is clunky, as you have to go to the appropriate room to do it; research takes places in three different rooms, two of which have multiple sub-menus for research, so it's difficult to tell what's yet to be discovered. Spells are, for the most part, not that interesting or useful.For me though, the worst part of the underground game is how easy it is to defeat waves of invaders after around the 15-20 minute mark. The difficulty of the waves doesn't really scale into the late game, and the top tier traps (like the Horde's Red Alert-esque Tesla Coil, and the Demons' giant tentacle) feel a bit redundant. The other thing I dislike about the game is the lack of replay value. Once you've played through the campaign, you've experienced everything the game has to offer. There isn't much strategic choice or flexibility in the game, so once you've figured out a winning formula for building up an epic dungeon from scratch, the game simply consists of following that same formula every time until you have an army big enough to stomp the overworld do-gooders.In terms of style, it's clear that the game is made by a German developer, since all rooms have an 'efficiency' rating, and beer is now an important resource that you must ensure a constant supply of, and your breweries are decorated with little Bavarian flags. In contrast to the grim, grainy visuals and dry, dark humour of Dungeon Keeper (hallmarks of its British devs), Dungeons 2 is bright and cartoonish, and its sense of humour is silly in a very Monty Pyhton-eqsue way. Most of the jokes come from the game's narrator, whose voice will be immediately recognisable to anyone who has played The Stanley Parable, which the narrator himself references in one of his many, many, fourth-wall-breaking moments.There are also multiple references to many other aspects of nerd popular culture. It's clear the devs are gigantic geeks from the things they make reference to. 80% of the references are related to Game of Thrones or Lord of the Rings, I also picked up references to general pop culture (Two of my Nagas were called Kardass'shian and Kanyay'Wst), the Warcraft Universe, Warhammer, Gamergate and The Quinnspiracy, a couple of youtube videos I haven't seen in years (including Trololo and They're Taking the Hobbits to Isengard). I chuckled at a lot of the references, although the relentless Game of Thrones stuff started to get stale.All in all, this is a game I would recommend. It certainly brings back feelings of Dungeon Keeper nostalgia and despite being quite formulaic and lacking replay value, you'll get a good couple of dozen hours of fun gameplay out of this game before it starts to get dull. For those who miss the way strategy games used to be, despite all their flaws, Dungeons 2 will fill that gap while it lasts.Now to move on to War For the Overworld, which I've heard such good things about."
76561198018511640,Recommended,262280,16758638,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ultramarine,good game
,Recommended,262280,16800421,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,illystriel,The closest any game has gotten to dungeon keeper
,Recommended,262280,16803248,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dark Instinct,I absolutly Love this game! They made part 2 more like the dungeon keeper franchise and because of that it really shines as a title I can spend hours and hours playing. We need more games like Dungeon keeper in the world.
,Recommended,262280,16834776,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,sandman,Had almost as much fun as I had with Dungeon Keeper. 10/10 would slap minions agains.
,Recommended,262280,16663745,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mighty,"While in some aspects, this is more of a ""Dungeon Keeper Lite"", it's still a great game. The addition of surface raids is fun, and a great addition!A+ worth my dosh."
76561198264175863,Recommended,262280,25334246,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ChubbChubb,"All in all a thoroughly enjoyable game. The mechanics are smooth and the transition between over and under world feels organic. Units are generally easy to manage and the economic system is straight forward and easy to manage. The gameplay is quite easy and relaxed, no grinding or hectic click fests. For a humorous relax session after a long day look no further than Dungeons 2."
76561197972325946,Recommended,262280,20511186,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Combat Medic 77,"First off, only get this game on a sale, 40 bucks is way to much for this title.The game plays about as well as one would hope, with minimal technical issues and thought being put into how to interact with your base and minions. It has a nice mix of base building and managment, tower defence, and RTS elements. A good afternoon can be spent playing and you wont feel terrible, but as it does try to be a Dungeon Keeper clone, it does fall short on a few elements. Its not pretty, but the graphics and sound do the job to tell you whats going on.PROS:FunBase design is kept simple and easy to follow, and the overall game is easy to pick up and just play.Nice basic RTS and tower defence elements mixed together to create a good experience.CONS:Trys really hard in the joke department to the point of becoming cringe worthy. The story just takes every possible current pop culture referance and internet joke and mashes them together. Some find this a pro but I found it to be like that guy who wont stop shouting catch phrases that became old 2 weeks after they became popular.Some game design flaws here and there. You will start to despise Pay Day (basic upkeep for your minions) not for financal reasons but because production just stops. Outside of your ever diligent miner units erverything that was doing something (working in a forge, collecting mana, training) takes about 1:30-2 minutes to wander slowly to where the gold is, grab the gold, go grab a beer, drink the beer, then start wandering around. When you are on a timed mission this can become maddening to have to constantly grab units and place them back where they should have been, and that doesn't even mean they will do what they are assigned to do. Also suffers from the forced difficulty so many games try to add. Almost every boss has that percentage/timed force field that makes them immune to all damage so they can drag the battle out by adding some random mobs into the mix.It is a Kalypso game so you need to sign in to your Kalypso account to play. Not as bad as uPlay but still annoying to have to manage another account while on Steam.All in all a fun game with some decent sized flaws that pull it down to a sale only status."
76561197970616027,Recommended,262280,18435448,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,paulcohead,"Nothing too in depth, but bought back memories of Dungeon Keeper.  For light escapism and good clean fun would recommend this game for the dark evenings."
76561197971759674,Recommended,262280,18606353,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Spectre259,Fantastic Game well worth the money if you have ever played Dungeon Keeper or Dungeon Keeper 2 you will love this even more any one who like RTS or management games like Theme Park or Theme Hospital will also find this right up their alley.
76561198012312315,Recommended,262280,15711532,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,deliriousday7,Great game play.  Unfortunaly only about 15 missions.  I dont play many RTSs but that seemed short.  Very fun high quality missions though.
76561198052496875,Recommended,262280,15821006,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Alumaniac,"Very fun, but short game; Even if you take your time through the campaign. Must play for Dungeon Keeper fans. Or fans of god mode dungeon play. I recommend waiting for a sale, cause $40 is double what i would play after giving the game a once through.Positives:Similar fun to dungeon keeper. Can go outside of your dungeon to wreak havoc against the outside world. Love that addition. 2 different evil groups to play with. multiplayer option. Cool traps. Warcraft like RTS above ground, and classic dungeon keeper underground. Story was amusing. Taken from Game of Thrones with little to some tweaks in storytelling. ""Unique"" minion/ henchmen naming made me smile. Glad to have had a newer version of dungeon keeper. just with there was more to it.Negatives:Overpriced IMHO. After finishing the campaign mode of this game, i would probably pay $20 for this game. Added a lot of cool elements to this game, but as far as replay value, I dont think i'd play this game again anytime soon. Not as much enemy interaction as dungeon keeper besides killing. Spell casting is annoying. Cursor calibration is needed. sometimes, the ""click box"" on something is impossible to get in a second or 2. Spent several seconds trying to find a block's click zone."
76561198042026745,Recommended,262280,15828620,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Qwesar,"THIS WAS JUST THE GAME I WAS LOOKING FOR. YOU HAVE SO MUCH CONTROL AND ITS VERY SATISFYING TO MAKE TRAP ROOMS, TREASURE ROOMS and to mold the dungeon and your minions. It gets better and better. I love both the campaign and the single player sandbox skirmish. I wish there was more games like this."
76561198147989673,Recommended,262280,15818685,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Fred,Yes i recommend this game to anyone who has played the original dungeon keeper it is a better more animated version of it and i annoy this game alot
76561198070405078,Recommended,262280,15839718,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Darth Rhinox,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper or Warcraft 3 then this is the game for you. Dungeon builder/ RTS makes this my favorite game of the past few years. I Cant wait for updates, DLCs and hopefully a third installment. 10x better than Dungeons 1. Great job guys i finally have my Dungeon Keeper 3 :)"
,Recommended,262280,22622509,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MP | Grimsson,"7/10 - A piece of gold, that sadly get's boring after a while.Many people see in Dungeons 2 the attempt to revive the success of Dungeon Keeper, but it is much more than that.Yes, it has most of the elements Dungeon Keeper had, but it has also some nice improvements to  the gameplay, a campaign that is quite entertaining over a good amount of time and a damn good working Coop- / Versus-mode. Thus the first game of the series had some problems, this one is nearly perfect for what it wants to be. The only difficulty it has, is the balancing of the three fractions. Once you know how they work you have just a limited amount of posibilties to get your opponent down: The orcs are pretty early game, the demons mid-game and the DLC's undead quite late-game. So if you dont act quick enough, you wont stand a chance later on, or vice versa.Gameplay - 9/10Atmosphere - 6/10Storytelling - 8/10Graphics - 6/10Playtime - 8/10Balancing - 3/10Total: 7/10 - A fair amount of fun, the DLC is totaly awesome."
76561198034101553,Recommended,262280,24147207,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,hoovy breathing,"very funny, but its a little slow when you have a mac thats 3 years old"
76561198165831345,Recommended,262280,30534208,Posted: 15 March,all,pfcwetzler91,"i sooo enjoyed dungeon keeper 2 back in my teens when i biked to the youth center and played in their lan parties. dungeons 2 is a great successor, not sure if there was a dungeons 1 but this game was great.could use more story or perhaps area control, like king of the hill or something.still enjoyed game, great for $10"
76561197964866568,Recommended,262280,20590900,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"Surprise! This game is actually good.And it is a huge surprise too, seeing as Dungeons 1 was terrible and expansion only sligthly less so.It is a cool Dungeon Keeper clone, but with it's own ideas and a pretty good execution on those too.Surface serves for a more RTS style gameplay (Warcraft 3 comes to mind a lot of times), while dungeons isa classic building we know from DK and DK2. You can now build rooms of any sizes and fit them with equipment thathas various uses, there is research, traps, spells, different creatures - with option to upgrade them to higher tiers.On top of that, there are factions now, which adds to the gameplay. Bored of horde? Go with the daemons.The overall graphic style is ok, nothing too fancy, not as serious as DK (again, Warcraft 3 comes to mind).Traps are very effective, but there are classes now that can disarm them to balance them out. Units use their skills automatically in the dungeon, while on the surface you have to use them via icons/shortcuts (again, WC3).After games like Dungeons 1 and Impire, I thought this will be a very bad game, so I was waiting with this game for some time. I think it has a solid 8/10 and is probably the best modern take on the old classics."
76561198055490139,Recommended,262280,20701541,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Solaire,Noice
,Recommended,262280,20850913,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,EnjoyCoke,"Absolutely amazing.I read a few reviews telling me it was all rock-paper-scissors and that certain 'builds' were extremely powerful whilst others were weak.This is not true.Skirmish is tough as nails and I can't beat any of the skirmishes. I don't play competitive RTS, so haven't tried multi player yet.The campaign is hilarious, challenging 'enough', and Bullfrog's humour has somehow managed to travel into this release.I can't find any reason not to buy this, except for the price-tag - but since I'm cheap that really shouldn't discourage anyone who doesn't mind paying the full price for a good game.Pros: everything about this game is well-executedCons: Moneymoneymoney"
76561198006866153,Recommended,262280,20345067,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Warped2pt0,"Having never played Dungeon Keeper or any other game like that, I've really enjoyed my 10 hours of gameplay. Played the Pumpkin DLC, which was rather hard. Dam penguins kept disabling my traps. After a few hours I was losing and started over. Second match proved to be better and I was able to hold out against them for hours until I finally maxed out my dungeon and lvl'd up a large army that allowed me to kill the Penguin King. Was surprising hard for a tower defense rts based on an older game. I give this game 5/5 stars. Plan on playing more matches after I take a long deserving break."
76561198082649847,Recommended,262280,35426062,Posted: 2 October,all,~LAGS~ ABADDON'S FURY <DAK>,"Hello everyone,Dungeons 2 is a great game without big pretensions, mixing strategy and humor!1) Strategy because you can only deploy a limited number of troops.2) Humor because the narrator and the name of each character is fun and refers to more known elements!I bought it today at 4.5 € which is really cheap and I already had a good time with a friend of mine! (ZEP ^^)I highly recommend it!Good evening,Abby"
,Recommended,262280,19562811,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BritishRail60062,This game is where you play as the bad guy as the task here is to take over the overworld in a fixed set of missions including where the Ultimate Evil has to wipe out the good guys from the face of the earth including some side missions where the UE can earn evil points for upgrades and things but that is all I will say here as I am not going to spoil anything. The controls may take a bit of getting used to at first but they are easy to master once the player gets the hang of using them. As well as doing missions to conqeur the overworld. You will have to defend and ward off attacks when the overworld good guys try to invade your dungeon. The missions are variable as they get challenging later on in the game as the enemies get stronger. So plan ahead and use tactics will make these missions much easier. The game is great fun to play and the narrator is quite hilarious at times because if you get stuck in the game. He will say some lines to drum up the player to work harder. Or you just laugh at the comments he makes :).Overall Rating: 8/10.
76561198004375557,Recommended,262280,16884743,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Gipson,"Much closer to the original Dungeon Keeper games than its predecessor!  Once again you play the role of the evil dungeon keeper and build up your dungeon, fight off heros, gather gold, and upgrade your rooms and creatures.Pros:- You get the visit the 'Overworld' above your dungeon and take the battle to the heroes instead of always waiting for them to come into your dungeon.- The graphics looks like its from WarCraft 3- The dialogue of the narrator is humerousImprovments over predecessor:- Creatures can roam around the dungeon instead of being stuck in their spawn location and you can pick them up then drop them anywhere in the dungeon.- You don't have to capture heroes to collect soul energy just kill them like the good old days of Dungeon Keeper- You have to maintain your creatures by paying them gold and brewing beer for them to drink- No other dungeon masters you have to fightCons:- Campaign is short- Some missions could be long because your creatures need to have enough combat experiance to take out heroes in the OverworldOverall it was fun to play this game and would recommend if you liked the Dungeon Keeper games."
,Recommended,262280,21327746,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Final Catch,I liked it a lot. It feels like  how Dungeon Keeper 3 was ment to be! You know that game that was never made.It does what dungon keeper 2 does and add and overworld element. Both are don't superbly. With helarous comentray and a lot a self referental humor.With both the underworld and overworld. Both are done well.
76561197973803028,Recommended,262280,15791843,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,*Ҳҳ Markise ҳҲ*,Only played the campaign so far but really enjoying it.Dungeon Keeper with some RTS.   Fun fun fun
76561197996546844,Recommended,262280,15781354,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,CharZinta,Dungeon Keeper Lovers return. A worth Successor.
,Recommended,262280,21122433,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,eM |- [ęvїℓ-мǻηίαc],"I really loved this game, and while playing through the campaign; not only was I enjoying it, but it was clear that the developers had enjoyed working on it quite alot. The biggest downside to the game however is that unlike other RTS games, there is no AI in multiplayer games which means you will not be able to team up with friends against AI opponents."
76561198009223241,Recommended,262280,16852120,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Groovdog,Fun little game along the lines of Dungeon Keeper. Finished most of the campaign and have enjoyed it. 8/10 so far.
,Recommended,262280,17935009,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sunglasses Ron,I like it.
76561198007266760,Recommended,262280,28368058,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kinetique,"Dungeon Keeper meets Warcraft 3.  Very nice idea, smooth gameplay, and engaging dungeon management.I definitely feel I got value for money. Many hours of gameplay working through campaign and DLC with 3 seperate factions.The humour is where the game fell down.  It did not capture the nostalgic humour of the original DK series. This wouldn't be so bad if it hadn't been trying so desperately to do exactly this. Jokes are clunky,  cheap parodies of everything from LoTR to Frozen just come off as cheesy and the general DK feel that I and many gamers desire is simply not quite there."
76561197968027933,Not Recommended,262280,19417344,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,xabre2th,"I was tring to enjoy this game, but in the end hate it...cause it pretend to be look like dungeon keeper...this is a RTS game, every room you made is for the purpose of summon a unit or a upgrade, the population from the core is just like AOE's town center, you need manually do everything, repare traps, research...etc, and each action cost resource, the creatures just stay there doing nothing.this game is a averge RTS in it's core, there's nothing feel DK at all.also the single player is boring...there is nothing I done feels I'm evil apart from been frequently told I'm...so disappoint"
76561198017223243,Recommended,262280,17544393,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,tekglow,"fun , funny  , looks good , gets old fast tho . and theres 0 ppl playing this game online so dont expect some online matches.its worth 5$. not the 20$ i paid."
,Recommended,262280,17581862,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Toxia,"The best of the new dungeon keeper revival genre!The game mixes dungeon keeping mechanics with overworld RTS mechanics and does it really well.An actual polished and complete game, unlike War for the Overworld."
76561198143272052,Recommended,262280,15760870,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mr. Mayo,"Fun! slow, but fun"
76561198038447830,Not Recommended,262280,16809135,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,marakinta,"In my search for a worthy replacment for the much beloved Dungeon Keeper, I tried this game. I wanted to like it, I really did... but it's just not happening for me.Nice graphics? Check.Snarky moderator? Check.Dungeon management? Meh...not so much.The overworld is a nice touch, but gameplay is painfully slow. It takes forever to build up enough gold to do anything, and even then you're severely limited as to what you can do. Very few rooms, and even fewer minions to be had. And no real freedom. Sure you can turtle-up and take your time building a dungeon, but it's such a slog that you could literally walk away and do something else while waiting on it to happen. Plus, your minions will likely die from sheer boredom.Granted, I've only spent a few hours in-game, but I can't seem to force myself to play more. That's a bad sign since I still enjoy the playing original DK and DK2. (Thank you GOG!)It's not a ""bad"" game by any stretch, but I would wait 'til it's on sale to buy if you think you may want it."
76561198133768099,Recommended,262280,23062212,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,calgorn,Great game. Love how its a mix of Dungeon Keeper and classic Warcraft. I enjoyed it alot. Just wish the program wouldn't crash so much.
76561197977818901,Not Recommended,262280,24202735,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jumbotron,Game is fun when it's working. And it usually works for 10 mins before it crashes every single time. Wait until they fix this game before buying it. A lot of people have problems with this issue and it doesn't look like they'll have a solution anytime soon.
,Not Recommended,262280,25496895,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Joost,"Feels like a slow, boring and unfunny rip of Dungeon Keeper. I was hoping for a fun rip of Dungeon Keeper. Or better yet: a fresh take on Dungeon Keeper."
,Recommended,262280,15547616,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"Dungeons 2 is certainly a better return to the Dungeon Keeper trough than War for the Overworld.  Even better, while the game pays homage to DK, it is not a clone and brings new ideas to the table -- namely, separate RTS gameplay on overworld maps above your dungeon.  Contrary to other reviews are saying, it's not simply a matter of building up your dungeon then zerging the overworld -- you have juggle managing your dungeon whilst simultaneously dealing with overworld objectives.  The slower pace Dungeons 2 provides is welcome when you are herding your cats in two realms at once, trust me.+ Actually finished, playtested, and polished by designers with the chops to carry it off+ Servicable graphics+ Tried and true DK gameplay combined with a decent (if simplistic) overland RTS engine+ New ideas brought to the DK formula; not just new units and rooms that you wouldn't use anyway.+ Challenging scenario design- UI quibbles, particularly the fact that you have to manually pick up creatures one by one; shifts between interacting between the world (ex. tagging tiles) and clicking on UI elements is trickier than it needs to be- ""Less is more"" design sometimes packs too much functionality into a single room type resulting in having to keypress/click and search through nested selections.  Creature types are similarly overloaded.- Some annoying design decisions.  Remember how, in DK1, if creatures wandered in a library the warlocks would blast them, and how evil creatures fought amongst themselves?  Annoying, so Bullfrog removed both in DK2.  In Dungeons 2, ""bored"" creatures will pick on your imps.- A little micro heavy for me, YMMV.8/10"
76561198000116246,Not Recommended,262280,16933181,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TiTeddyBear,"Just finished the game and I have to say that I am a little bit disappointed. One person described this game as 'nothing but tutorial' and that's pretty accurate. You are unlocking abilities right up to the final boss fight.And it's EEEEEASY.Like, almost impossible to fail unless you don't understand what the word 'retreat' means.I also have to say though that I did enjoy it, but that might be because I bought it heavilty discounted.If I had paid full price for the game I would raging right now.It's a fun little game that costs far too much money for what it gives you."
76561197965390927,Recommended,262280,24831334,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LexusRuir,"Out of all the DK2 clones out there this personally is the best, not to everyones taste but the closest i can get since Bullfrog"
,Recommended,262280,15528335,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Magrock,"TLDR: The game is great. Get it.Did you ask for a truly great successor to Dungeon Keeper? Let me tell you a little bit about Dungeons 2.The gameplay is fantastic, it basically takes the gameplay of DK and improves it.The campaign is a load of fun, the narrator is superb and the references are hilarious. A pretty good campaign.Performance wise I have not had any problems at all, runs well on my 3,5years old computer.You are evil.A slight negative is the fact that there are only 3 skirmish maps available at this time. I can only assume that more will be added.I can't recommend this game enough, I'm enjoying it very much.8/10"
76561198051193014,Recommended,262280,15537110,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nightwolf,"Definitely a dungeon keeper faithful. As many say there are some optimization tweaks that need to be done where the game lags hard on large dungeons but im running max settings and have encountered very few problems none of which were game ending.There is a screen where it ask you to sign up when you first start the game but you click skip and it merrily goes on along. Some people are too lazy to do even that and gripe about it :PIts got a good bit of light hearted humor in the typical overlord style and the graphics are not that bad.The only real downside to the game for me was the narration.... the opening story line goes on and on and on, at some point you go screw it and hit skip. And in game every 5 mins the narrator is reminding you to do this objective or that, even with a colorful tone its still damn annoying.Get a better narrator and swap out for shorter story lines to get to the point, some bug fixing and the game will not be anything revolutionary but it will be damn good fun especially if your a big old school dungeon keeper fan.well made game."
76561198041209974,Recommended,262280,31632151,Posted: 8 May,all,Dr Fluffster,to me this game is quite entertaining and I'm looking forward to the next one and I highly recommend to you guys if you want to played a game with adorable and idiotic minions
76561198004512031,Not Recommended,262280,22855169,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,id_entity,"The game is a lot of fun. Great dialogue, interesting characters and minions, with unique abilities well complemented.It's a lot like Warcraft, only you're building a dungeon, rather than a city.The reason for my thumbs down was simply the game is not optimized well for modern systems, or laden with bugs from the outset.Games could take up to 5 minutes to load up. The game would get periodically choppy as a map progressed. And if you get too far on a map, any progress you attempted to save, would become corrupted. Any attempt to load would simply crash the game to windows.After working a map for a good 2 hours, all saved progress would simply be lost. Even attempts to scatter saves within a minute apart... each would be equally corrupted.My computer is high spec, so not a hardware issue... at least from requirements.Very frustrating and disappointing for an otherwise enjoyable game play experience. I wrote the review just to warn people away."
76561197970806661,Recommended,262280,15523273,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Thoth,"This is the first impressions of the game, so it can be inaccurate. I played a lot in the original DK/DK2, but not in the new reincarnations, hence my opinion can look biased.It's DK, but somehow worse in almost every aspect.Controls.The controls are very inaccurate and not intuitive.Remember how you could pick up creatures clicking on their images in the menu? You can not here. Remember how you can select an individual member of a group by clicking theyr icon in almost all RTS? Guess what, you can not in D2. Remember how you can see the level of creatures? Here to see the stats of creature you must pick up it.UPD: Player can select a member of group by double-clicking on the icon. Thanks Salz.There also few graphical issues: the cursor-hand is too big and inaccurate, the click happens not in the index (which will be logical) but somewhere in the center of the palm.Gameplay.The digging and movement speed of the imps are annoyingly low. It makes the first small tutorial maps very boring. I like the idea that idle creatures decorate dungeon, but It is kind of fun to observe. However the control region if the dungeon heart was removed, you can pick up and drop your creatures everywhere -- it will probably break the balance in skirmish, to test.The limit on the number of creatures is harsh: 15 (probably it will be increased later with some chambers) imps included, that makes me feel undermanned.I will not comment the variety of rooms or creatures - I've seen only few, which is expected in the tutorial.Graphics.The visuals are Warcraft 3 style. Personally I prefer the original dark, depressive of DK,  but it the matter of taste. Images are so generic that I can't really say something, good or bad. The cinematics are better situated for a flesh game, they are not (probably yet) as goofy as in the DK2, but not epic as the  Blizzard ones. They try to be funny, but they overdo, not annoying but close.Scenario and humor.Until now the scenario is the classic DK2/Overlord -- goody destroys evil, evil starts to rebuild conquering the kingdoms.But humor... Humor is just a bunch of references, and it never shuts up. In the second mission, which takes 10-15 minutes I got the diabolical laugh, DK reference, DK mobile reference and few WTF lines.In the conclusion, it is not a bad game but it worse than the originals. If you haven't played DK and DK2 than do not take this one. Take the classics, understand why it is great game, and than try this one. If you know the originals almost by heart, than you can try D2."
76561198020570859,Recommended,262280,17732077,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Fatal,"Fun game that doesn't take itself too serious,  with a bunch of cool easter eggs for fantasy fans.Not very difficult, holds your hand a bit throughout ... but it's got character and is enjoyable.I'd say it's worth the pickup if you can catch it on sale."
,Recommended,262280,17300675,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Controlling workers & troops in this game is a pain... That's the biggest turn off for me but everything else is quite neat.And the narrator is annoying too, I guess the developers think it's actually funny?More contents would be nice, $40 for a game this size is really too overpriced.All in all a pretty good game, lots of fun for a few hours.6.5/10"
76561198050782046,Recommended,262280,18670036,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Inzain,"Welcome, my lord.In Dungeons 2 you get the very best of both worlds. Did you like the old-school game of Dungeon Keeper 1-2? If yes, get this. Allthough you cant take control of your minions in 1st person view BUT, sire, allow me to explain.It makes up for that in so many ways. While you are undoubtfully planning your evil schemes deep down in the subterranian dungeon of death and darkness, the good, pure, unicorn-loving, rainbow-envious, fairy-worshipping, GoT-resembling and overly heroic KNIGHTS of FRIENDSHIP and LOVE intends to thwart your plans on the surface of the earth.Yes, my lord, you are the 'bad guy' in this story.And every evil overlord of stupendousity(??) must have their henchmen, or minions.- Slap yo goblins to make them dig dat gold faster.- Slap yo orcs so they stop inbreeding (They still will do it, it doesnt matter what you do. Orcs these days..)((Orcs doesnt actually have sex in this game SPOILER ALERT))- Sexually harass your nagas to grind dat mana faster- Pray your trolls will AT SOME POINT get that upgrade done.So, my evil highnesses of dungeon-working minionspankers, here's a motto this game goes well by. Veni, vidi, vici.I came(more than once), I saw, I conquered.I recommend this, no matter the price*Final score: If you wanna be the good guy, I feel bad for you, son. I got 99 minions but a white knight aint one.*unless the price is, like, your soul xD**** I still recommend it."
76561197987350411,Recommended,262280,19163873,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Shawn of the Dead,"A great sequal to Dungeon Keeper. There's not as many creature and room types as DK2, but the ones you have serve the purpose well, and they can be upgraded to more powerful creature types later on. One feature that this game has that DK2 didn't is the ability to fill sections of your dungeon back in so that you can funnel the heroes where you want them. This is, in my opinion, one of the best features in the game.A lot of people have complained about the surface battles, but I thought they were ok. The developers chose to focus on dungeon management rather than full RTS control. Don't go in expecting Warcraft III.The only thing I really miss from DK2 was the ability to capture enemies and imprison them. But, its not that big of a deal.Overall, this game was well thought out and designed. Loads of fun."
,Recommended,262280,18974497,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,krotch,"Feels like I'm playing an updated Dungeon Keeper 2 with Warcraft RTS elements, for when you take your minions above ground. Well forth it, but I got it on sale. Uncertain if it's worth $40. Feels a little short. If you can grab Dungeons 2 and the A Game of Winter DLC for $40, that'd definitely be worth it."
,Recommended,262280,19109721,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kazee,"Classic RTS style, Casual Dungeon Keeper and Narrative Comedy are in rendez-vous!However, Dungeons 2 doesn't disappoint!Main Pros:+ Enjoyable to push snots to build, prepare beer for your warriors & acquire areas in your dungeon!+ Engaging to attack in the RTS phase and looking at your pillaging orcs.+ Enough variety to try out different traps, different combinations of minions and tiers of upgrades.Main Cons:- Not as intuitive to switch units between the two phases... It becomes tedious when you have to switch between the dungeon, the main RTS map and another RTS mini map.- Difficult to micromanage one unit to another to unleash specific skills like the Orc Chieftain's Cry.- Controlling many defending units inside the dungeon becomes hectic fast.Had the chance to buy it when it was less then 20$ and it's totally worth it!Plus, you have access to at least one free DLC to extend some time of gameplay and a new mode when you finish once."
76561198033050314,Recommended,262280,19124028,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,acidburn,i LOVE this game but im really upset because i purched all the DLCs the other day and now my game keeps crashing saying major error and then closong.
76561197973173473,Recommended,262280,16913987,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,sgreco1970,"I was skeptical at first but indeed this game is as much fun as DK2 ever was. I also find it a lot better than the ones I've seen from competitors. Good graphics, good mechanics, and a dedicated dev team come together to make a great game. If you're a fan of DK2 and are on the fence about this game, take then plunge -you won't regret it."
76561198002810540,Recommended,262280,24200323,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Drakeso,apart from crashing every 15 mins its a really nice game
,Recommended,262280,19375682,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,CouchSniffer,"The game is simply awesome, haven't played it that much but I know that I will spend quite the time in it. I recommend the campaign since it is funny, silly and has some great moments. The narrator is very entertaining to listen to."
76561198018271162,Recommended,262280,18861492,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,daniportugal,"I really like this game! It allows you to take your time and build the most insane dungeon, basically. I bought all the DLC, but played only the vanilla campaign so far and had lots of fun so far. You can also go to the surface and fight other factions, after having trained your units in the Arena (a room you can build in your dungeon).Generally, I recommend this game if you liked Dungeon Keeper. It's different, but fun. I think it's fair to say this is the successor of Dungeon Keeper. ""Dungeons"" is not a very good name, IMHO, but don't let it fool you: this is a good game!** EDIT ** Actually, there might be some problem with memory management in this game... When the dungeon gets too crowded, bugs begin to appear. Sometimes, I can't throw minions in a portal; the loading times start getting bizarrely long and the game freezes in several occasions. :(Hope they fix it soon..."
76561198042678403,Not Recommended,262280,16801734,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DEATHSGUN2,for the most part i like the game the only thing is its bugy and lags after u load a saved game and even before that there are bugs
76561197990648012,Recommended,262280,16299399,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,OTG,"So, this is a game that, through the rough road that Dungeons followed, has ironically come full circle to become a partial shameless copy of Dungeon Keeper. Now you might be saying to yourself, ""why buy a game that's a copy of an older game,"" and normally I would be saying that to myself too, but try playing the old game on a current pc. The reality is that, when Dungeons came out, everone started comparing it to the old masterpieces, and mostly unfavorably. Kalipso seems to have taken the hint, swallowed some pride, and went all out to bring the fun of Dungeon Keeper back to life with a full slate of new and challenging features into the bargain. They had big shoes to fill; we look back at the old games of the good old days, and they seem to have a golden sheen. I believe they actually had to move to a bigger size for this one. The humor is just as good, factoring in the slight nod they've given to a somewhat younger crowd (16 vs. 18 or 21, depending on how prudish you may be), and the style is familiar without being exactly the same. Fighting across different maps makes it challanging and new. They involve the world in the gameplay in ways that DK never could have, and the cute vs. darkish tension makes me laugh, and maybe you too. I look forward to DLC and see hours of playing this in the future. It's just a good time."
76561198008356921,Not Recommended,262280,28304986,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Inixus,"Its not Dungeon keeper, the underworld where you can build is very small, and almost all the important stuff takes place in the overworld where the ai spits out the same units over and over again.Its very timed based and the Traps are almost usless.If you can buy this cheap its fun for a short time."
76561198043985256,Recommended,262280,16121976,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,VGAstudent,"A modern version of a classic Bullfrog title ""Dungeon Keeper"", this game is surely to be very entertaining, however, the new version skimps a LOT on the tutorials, expect to be peeved or disappointed because of ambiguous goals and how to attain them.GREAT modern remake of a classic! I'm still learning how to play the dang thing. Recommended for those who like to slap snots off their lazy butts."
76561198049460298,Recommended,262280,16219978,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ninepentacles,"I loved the original game.  I do love this one - with a few exceptions:*I miss the jail and being able to create skeletons*I miss a ""Functional"" torture chamber where you can turn your enemies.*The quest is rather short (or I played it so often that it went too quickly.  :D )I was thrilled when Dungeons 2 came out.  There's  a learning curve (as there is with any new game) and there is not an exact line up with the old game.  Overall, that's good.  It's a new adventure with new fun.The text has been ""fixed"" tho' the info above the heads of the demons is still too tiny to read.  The hints could be a bit more extenstive.  But if you've played the old one, you should really enjoy this one.I'm glad I bought it.  I'll keep my fingers crossed for any add-ons or fixes that make that torture chamber useable.  [hint ,hint]"
76561198044032740,Recommended,262280,21087100,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Randy Bobandy,"Reakky enjoying this game so far, get to customize your base underground with good back and forth building and RTS gameplay"
76561197984855740,Not Recommended,262280,16049829,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,freddy6toes,"game is alright, not as exciting during the campaign as the videos make it look.  Haven't tried any modes  outside of campaign yet.The games fatal flaw that makes it really frustrating is the lack of a tutorial on how to play.  Yeah some annoying bleep bleep bleep bleep expletive repeated over and over again tells you constantly to do something and becomes more and more annoying as the time goes on because you haven't figured out how to do said objective yet.  Its like fumbling in the dark at first for a while.Same goes for the mouse orientation and clicking on stuff with a god awful gigantic swollen annoying hand.  Overall the controls seem to be clunky at times and having to do something multiple times just to get the outcome you wanted to begin with becomes annoying really fast.Next and last thing I'm going to mention is that yes this game can be fun but falls short in so many places.  Might be worth it if you are in to this kind of game and are willing to spend the money but I already regret spending that much money on this game.  It was not even close to being worth how much they want for this pile."
76561198109743098,Recommended,262280,16317548,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jesterbudd,"This Game takes me back to playing Dungeon keeper, I recommend it to any fan of the Dungeon games. Worth a buy and what better time when it is on sale."
76561197994334805,Recommended,262280,17962380,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Scallywanker,"First things, first: This isn't a Dungeon Keeper clone; nor is it a real sequel to the first Dungeons game. If you liked the former, try War for the Overworld. If you liked the latter, go back and play some of the custom maps. You'll be disappointed (as many of the people who negatively rated this) if you expect either of those games.What is this game? Well, it's a bit dungeon-builder and a bit RTS. The RTS is like the Hero-led maps in Warcraft III, not the intricate resource management of the other maps. It works if you take it for what it is. It's not (at least yet) a hardcore dungeon-builder, nor is it a hardcore RTS game. It does blend the two pretty seamlessly, though.Pros:- Great art- ""Campy"" storyline- Two different ""races"" with distinct strengths/WEAKNESSESCons:- Campaign mode is very short- Skirmish modes are rehashes of campaign maps (DLC maps are great)- Difficulty was spotty (hard at times, grind and zerg at others)I bought it during a Steam Sale and felt it was worth it. I'm really hoping for more DLC campaign/skirmish maps. 40 hours in and I'm done until some content is added."
76561197979337900,Recommended,262280,17895237,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,guitar_chick05,"Dungeons II is full of monty pythonesque humor and quite short, but good.Pros:Cartoon-style graphics done reasonably wellVariety of upgradable minionsEntertaining story-telling techniqueMonty python humor (pop culture jokes)Cons:ShortEach quest can take a long time due to creature training times and dungeon upgradingLong time to upgrade dungeonThis is game is worth the price. However, keep in mind this is not a AAA title and has an indie feel to it. It feels like Dungeon Keeper 2 with respect to building a lot of traps and the ""heroes"" invading your dungeon. But, on the same hand it feels like WarCraft III with respect to adventuring to the overworld.Dungeons II has a lot going for it. The Narrator keeps things interesting poking fun at the player and the heroes alike.  The story is a rather generic because the heroes did x to you, you are going to wipe them out. Game mechanics are quite servicable and generally work as expected. Upgrade trees and processes provide enough tool tips to know what you are supposed to be doing the first play through. The creatures are entertaining to watch in battle and roaming around the dungeon as we. Traps work as indicated. Enemies are designed for a casual experience (excellent if you like to enjoy a bit of a challenge with a story).As for some of the cons, the game was far too short (in terms of number of missions. There could have been many more missions. I felt that the game was artificially longer due to the way that you get higher level rooms/creatures (upgrading your throne room, then researching rooms, and then having to upgrade your population limit which caps if your throne room is not a high enough level).All in all, Dungeons II is an entertaining narrative to play through regardless of its short comings. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the dungeon keeper games (bearing in mind that this is a more casual experience in terms of difficulty)."
76561198139874045,Not Recommended,262280,29065191,Posted: 6 January,all,michal.ocilka,"5/10Playable, without bugs. Gameplay is too slow with little progession and bad screenplay.At first you feel like yey! This is my good old Dungeon Keepr with new game mechanics. You would almost be right except the fact that the game is not good. It feels unfinished. I encountered only a few minor bugs. But what kills the game is the gameplay. All singleplayer games are absolutely the same. There is no progression or innovation over different levels. The game time is extremly long (we are talking up to 4 hours on a single map) because your workers are just too slow. UI is not very friendly. You constantly get mixed up about where to find upgrades for this or that. Selecting units in dungeon is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ because first of all you can only pick them up in dungeon and only one by one. Releasing these units can only be done again one by one even though you can press right button and it goes faster then single clicking. You can control them only on surface. There are three playable races but you won't find much difference between them. First of all they all play the same and second - combat well there is no strategy at all involved. It almost makes no difference what units you build, because the only thing that matters are their upgrades. At last we come to screenwriting. The first mission is great. You won't do much there, it's not very original but still, it is funnny. But further you get in your progression the worse the jokes get. In the end the game tries to play itself as Game of Thrones parody and nothing else. Which is in my opinion great failiure. You are put into a unique position of the Dungeon Master but this fact is hardly explored.The game has tremendous potential that is never realized except the first very short mission."
,Not Recommended,262280,16837993,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sithious,"If you’re interested in a deep review of this game going over pretty much all the features it offers and what it does right and wrong then I uploaded the review ->https://sithiousreviews.wordpress.com/2015/07/02/dungeons-2-review/<- just for you.What you should enjoy:+ The art style, it's very well realized and is nice to look at, everything is well modelled and polished, the lighting and effects look great and once you get a huge dungeon built and fully working it just looks and feels wonderful.+ Content. This game would suck without all this content so thank god there is a good hunk of it here to dig into! It's defiantly the highlight of the whole game. There are two factions to enjoy here and both are unique and have their own speed of progression, play style, unit and room appearances, upgrades and god powers. Each faction has three tiers to go up from starting at tier one with the basics going up to tier three with the most powerful upgrades and units you can get, requiring to do some kind of super evil act to tier up like killing lots of unicorns so it's not just something you can do and toss away you have to earn it, making the tiers feels special and important. Alot of work went into making all this content and it's easy to appreciate since it makes the game last ages if your and upgrade hog like me and simply have to get everything before steam rolling the enemy, it feels great.+ Fun gameplay. The game doesn’t expect too much from you most of time, giving you plenty of time to get started and dig in each mission before heroes start attacking your lovely dungeon and distracting you. The over world is a great new feature to this genre, the added RTS is a great distraction and makes the game last way longer then it would without it and makes it truly feel like you’re fighting back and eliminating those nuisance heroes once and for all.+ Polished experience. You want a bug free dungeon game that runs fine, hardly crashes, goes pretty smoothly and doesn’t really ever let you down or block its own progress? Then look no further, I could never find a single bug in this game that ever effected gameplay, progression or caused frustration. The only thing it does is start up slowly, that's about it.What's not that enjoyable at all:- The RTS combat has to be the first thing, as original as it is added to a dungeon builder game it's clear these devs just don't know how to make satisfying RTS gameplay, which is a shame but you can't expect them to when they make dungeon games. The combat is way too simple to be fun or engaging for long, after your first few fights your already over it, then it just becomes a necessity not something you really want to do more of. Unit abilities and the 'god powers' you have to select from generally make a fight quicker by only afew seconds and it's easier to just not use them all, making them kinda irrelevant but it's nice they are there anyway. It's like they are there almost to distract you from the fact the combat is so super bland.- Annoying narrator, yea I did put him in the plus section for being quirky but hes also really overdone. Anyone that plays this game will either ignore how naggy he is, not like him for it or just flat out hate him, there is no true in between here he is just that naggy and hand holding your just like, ugh, please just stop nagging me and let me do my thang. I guess if the devs paid for him they are going to use the crap out of him aren't they? And that they did.- Ugly graphics choices. Although the graphics style looks great it could have done so much better with another graphics engine that really let all their hard work shine like it should do. The unity engine they are running it on must be freaken old cas the AA options are abysmal, only FXAA as an option should never be a thing, it's not even well done FXAA as it blurs the game to the point all detail and fidelity is lost, it's better without it on but then you have to put up with insane jagged edges everywhere on everything. It will drive you insane if graphics matter to you at all, seriously, it's a real shame.- Awful performance. Yep I’m gonna say it, this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ totally and complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ It runs fine at the start where your dungeon is simply a throne room and nothing else but as you inevitably expand, more effects show up on screen, more units, more models, more stuff in general it runs worse and worse to the point where you can barely get over 20-30fps. Anyone that says under 60fps doesn’t effect gameplay doesn’t know what they are talking about or are blind cas under the 50fps mark and a game becomes less responsive and fluid, directly effecting how much you can interact with the game and thus effecting experience, it's that easy. You think turning all the graphics down to low will help too? Pff good luck, it will probably give you another 20 frames max but that’s it, if it runs like crap to begin with it will still run like crap. I have an average computer that most people will have if you’re wondering.- Way too easy. The game is abit tricky at first when your units are low levelled, not upgraded and you have few of them, but then when you build a big army and beef them up the game is a total breeze. At mid game there is no longer any intensity or worry your throne room is gonna get destroyed because you can easily call back all your units with one simple spell and stop the enemies anyway. After the start there is no challenge or depth to this game, the enemy waves stay the same as they started and never get hard or frequent enough to give you any concern, even then some well placed traps will kill most of them. A simple difficulty setting for the campaign would have easily fixed this but oh well I guess.- Hard to manage your dungeon. It's silly but sometimes you forget where your rooms are and have to keep looking for them... the god powers are binded to really weird keys like k-7, and k-1, what the hell does that even mean? You never know what your workers are actually doing, if they are mining gold for you or not, how much income they are actually making, how to make them bring it in faster, no way to make them prioritize tasks, no way to set different minions to different tasks so they are more effective, nothing. If you want management there is none in this game, you just build a pretty dungeon, build units to run it and watch, yep that’s what you do. Occasionally you'll send combat units out to fight then boom you win. The game is so simple sometimes you swear it was made for kids...- Very linear gameplay and  storyline. Your evil, you got killed by heroes, you want revenge... yep that's it. If your looking for storyline then wow you are so in the wrong place, lol. Each missions is pretty straight forward, do the usual, build up your dungeon, steam roll enemies along a super linear path all the way to enemy base and destroy it, boom done, go to next mission, rinse repeat. It's about as interesting to read as it is to play.- The game doesn’t take itself, or the fact you are supposed to be evil, seriously at all. This... makes it feel like a kids game most of the time and I’m not a kid so yea. It's pretty clear dungeon games where you being an evil sadistic a-hole ruining what’s supposed to be a happy, perfect world should never a kids game, it should take the evil thing more seriously and make you feel truly evil not like you’re kind of just acting like you are. I think the devs probably got this now... maybe.- Multiplayer. What multiplayer?! If you got this game for playing with friends you made a bad buy my friend, the multiplayer is simple and sucky, just play the single player.Overall this is a 6.7 out of 10 for me. I can't recommend it because of all the badly executed mechanics, graphics options and the sheer amount of negatives this game has that are so bad they are easy to point out and explain. Get it on sale, give it a try."
,Recommended,262280,15603525,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Experienced_Ager,"If you liked the original Dungeon Keeper series, you'll like this game. The witty comical comments throughout this game as you're playing are quite ""refreshing"". Just under 25 hours of total gameplay in the campaign mode. Lot's of pop culture references, TV references, other game references, and stabs at some of the aforementioned, are present."
76561198105896035,Recommended,262280,34891618,Posted: 11 September,all,Smythely,"Witty dialogue, colourful graphics, and a good old fashioned diabolical storyline; where you conquer the revolting kingdom of goodness. All in all a very satisfying experience."
76561198025650160,Not Recommended,262280,35055027,Posted: 18 September,all,Astral,"I wanted to like it, but after waiting over two weeks for a response for support on a replicable crash on level 3 I refunded it. Not being able to play a game due to lack of attention by the developers or their support teams is just egregious. Thankfully Steam allows us to speak with our wallets in this manner."
76561198064373133,Recommended,262280,20726424,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ysthrall,"It's quite difficult to write reviews for this sort of game without comparing them to Dungeon Keeper, so I won't bother. I've been waiting for a good successor to DK2 for years, and this one looks like a fine fit.The graphics are good, the gameplay is smooth, and I liked the sound effects. The minions in several flavours are nice. You think you've got about 5 total, but each one can evolve twice for a respectable range of 15 slightly different beasties, in the Horde, the Demons, and presumably the Undead.I haven't tried multi-player, so I won't comment on that.The storyline is silly, quirky, and slightly self-referential, happily dropping in references to other franchises with all the skill and care of a hungover troll. I found them funny, others may not.There is also a massive amount of spoofing ""A Game of Thrones"", in utterly shameless fashion :)While each level can get a little formulaic (expand, develop, build, upgrade) I can't see any way to avoid that in this sort of game, and the ability to send your minions for a walk in the sunshine and a little (crude) RTS combat keeps things interesting.Each level seemed to take quite a while, but the campaign went quite quickly.I bought this on a Steam sale, but intend to pick up the undead DLC (another 8 missions and another faction) at full price.I would reccomend this game.Having now completed this game and the Undead campaign DLC, I can confirm that it is very silly, self referential, and mercilessly takes the mickey out of ""A Game of Thrones"" all the way through....I still think it's good."
76561197995822286,Recommended,262280,15821326,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Travitar,Fun game AND it runs in GNU/Linux!
76561198112654332,Recommended,262280,18923305,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TheAlmighty1,"It played perfectly until I played as other evil creatures n not as the main character, trying to get even one of my creatures through the portal was extremely difficult ( before then I was getting 20 + through at once without any problems) then theres the fact that I was unable to pick up ANYTHING (gold, boxes, characters, etc) n if thats not bad enough, the characters got stuck so was unable to use or kill them, which took up space n were useless, then ya get the ones that were perfcetly content (paid, boozed up n not bored) who just refused to fight, worse still, they were also ignored by the enemy!The last level I can't complete it cos ALL of the aforementioned came into play n the game took minutes to drop just one character through the portal, I managed to destroy all the castles/forts, had just the final king to defeat n the game just leaves most of my characters beside him standing ideally by n the enemies I killed that are with the king always come back to help him.Untill those levels I would have given this game a 10/10, but with these EXTREMELY annoying glitches I have to give it a 1/10----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Addendum to my previous Recommendation, 10/10.I believe the glitches in my previous game were caused by myself building an elaborate maze for the enemy to go through to get to my throne room, with about 40-70 traps.I restarted the game n kept the building of such a big maze to a minimum along with only about 20-30 traps n the game ran without a hitch!So in my revised opinion I give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,262280,15525065,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"It's awesome. Great aesthetic, good voice work, good sound quality and best of all a fun game. I love the RTS gameplay of the Overworld, feels incredibly similar to classic RTS's like Warcraft III. To add on, this game has a layer of polish that few games, such as the previous Dungeons or other games in the same vein, feature.  Also, the pop culture references are hilarious and come on, who doesn't like being the bad guy? Now, who wants to conquer the Overworld and send those pesky heroes to oblivion? >:)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNWMmdzDkEYFeatures include:-Two factions : Horde and Demons-Hilarious Pop Culture References-Great Overworld RTS gameplay that reminds me of Warcraft III-Epic Dungeon Building reminiscent of an updated Dungeon Keeper-Good graphics with a very defined aesthetic.-Love the voice acting-Beautiful Soundtrack-Research and improvement options for all units, rooms and buildings-Decent unit selection for both factions-Real Smooth gameplay with an easy to use mechanic"
76561198006986278,Recommended,262280,15529725,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Bored Peon,"They should have said to @#$% with the trademarks infringement and called this Dungeon Keeper 3 instead.Although if you were looking to be able to decorate your dungeon like you did Dungeons with all the prestige gadgets then you will be mildy disappointed.The first few campaign missions tend to suck a bit because of the polulation limit hampering your resource management. However once you get to the mission that unlocks the poulation cap increases it becomes much more managable.The outdoors portion brings a refreshing feature to the game. In most missions you have the ability to stop the adventurers before they even reach your dungeon. However it also brings more risk because you can unlock more enterances into your dungeon from outdoors and expanding underground. For those who played Impire the outdoor portion of this game is way beyond watching a timer.The narrator can be both funny and annoying. Having a narrator tell your story as you progress is an interesting new twist. However it quickly becomes annoying if you are not progressing on your mission fast enough.Have not played multiplayer or a skirmish yet, but from what I have seen those features should bring more replayability to the game. Campaign replayability not so much those first four campaign missions are a pain enough to not want to replay them."
76561197993088967,Recommended,262280,15523007,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sronok,"I never expected such a sequel, very nice rework from the team!Good Narration system, amazing graphics and light effects, that's a lot of fun to play it!"
,Not Recommended,262280,21975660,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Manray,"It's like dungeon keeper, but with less content and clunky controls. Don't waste your time."
76561198006804622,Recommended,262280,15529307,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Demoniceus,"fantastic game so far, refreshing take on the dungeon keeper theme. Pretty much 100% bug free for a day 1 release, nothing anyone with a brain cant work around.All the content is in the game :O suprise! Some honestly laugh out loud moments in the game.id give it an 8/10 3+ days of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around with it should be fun."
,Recommended,262280,15530236,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Alaizon,Excellent game. The new DK2....its spirit is well and truly alive in this remake
,Recommended,262280,15533666,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DV8ER,"As a fan of the original Dungeons game as well as Dungeons the Dark Lord - Dungeons 2 does not disappoint!  This edition of the game goes in a different direction than the first rendition of it and while that is the case this game introduces the idea of going “above ground” to attack enemies on their own turf.  The narrator,Kevan Brightingis the voice actor whose sarcasm from the game The Stanley Parable is brought over to this game and he, generally, does a great job of guiding you through the nuances of the game as well as adding just a bit more fun to it.  If you enjoy Dungeon defense style games, and you liked Dungeons, Dungeons 2 is a must have.Enjoy, it’s a lot of fun!! :)"
76561197961259068,Recommended,262280,15531706,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,CGADuck,"I have only played the first few maps but I really like what I have played so far. A very different game, mechanic wise, from the first game. Scratches my dungeon managment itch."
,Not Recommended,262280,22750009,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SilencerNate,"This game has a lot of potiential, but as it is, it falls flat on its face.  The UI is not intuitive at all.  The maximum zoom seems like it is designed for a 640x480 screen.  It should be much further out.  Regarding the maps, the game provides 2 maps, one for overworld and one for underworld (which is great).  However, then there are alternate maps that must be frequently interacted with that do not have a ""map"" that can be quickly cliked on.  Add in a regrowing fog of war, and its too much to handle.  I played a short time, but it was a short, frustrating time, and games certainly should not be frustrating.Note, this review was when the game and DLC was 75% off.  The idea that this game regularly sells for four times what I paid is absolute insanity.  If you can get over the UI, or play games with keyboards alone, this game might be worth $15-20, but I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,262280,15581919,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Marnok,"Game Crashes!, No support for 2560x1080, Huge LACK of Content for a $40 game!.It isn't right! people who recommended it are either Fans or Kalypso developers.no support for people with 2560x1080 monitors and the game is unplayable since the camera gets stuck. (Even after the recent patch).When swapping to 1920x1080 the edges of the screen do not block the mouse over and makes the game very difficult to playThe so called humor isn't funny in this game at all it feels childish and too much ""try hard"".The game seems to be fairly unbalanced in my opinion.It plays Sluggish and easily becomes repetitive.for 45 euros, this game isn't worth it, probably the time invested into this 2,4 GB sized game it took them perhaps 4~6 months to make this game isn't a Tripple AAA game and shouldn't be priced as one either.for 20 euro's this would be a fine game but in the current state with lack of support its not worth it at all.-The options are extremely limited.-The game is too easy there are no other difficulties-The game lacks High amounts of content (wich will be sold as DLC probably)-There are still bugs where you can get Connection issues (while in single player) which kick you from your current map and you'll have to start over.-Before you purchase this please consider reading their forums even when they say in patch notes""Added support for 21:9"" is not added and connection issue still remains.All in all it seems a Cheap rip and badly made rip off from Dungeon keeper there are hardly elements in this game that are unqiue and would stand out from any other clone.I am very dissapointed and i regret wasting money onto this game.My recommendation for a dungeon RTS "" War for the overworld ""(yes its in beta but its a hell of a lot better then this.)"
76561198006534021,Recommended,262280,15542988,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Chaptorial,"Having never played, but was always interested in, any of the previous titles that make up this genre I was a but unsure on the purchase. I decided to take the plunge and I can honestly say it is well worth the money.This game comes across as a well polished title overall and despite some people having performance problems, for me I can report that it runs very smooth and have yet to experience a lockup or crash with graphics maxed out. This on an i7-920;  HD7970; 12 GB RAM running Windows 7 64 bit.Graphics while they come across as cartoonish, World of Warcraft comes to mind, are very detailed especially when zoomed in, however you will probably be playing the majority of the game zoomed all the way out. When zoomed in your floating hand (cursor) practically fills up the majority of the viewing space anyway. However at any level watching your little minions go about their tasks setting up traps, mining gold, brewing beer, researching tech and especially those who when left idle will take it upon themselves to sure-up and improve the walls in your dungeon, is quite enjoyable and well done.Gameplay is fun overall and building your dungeon and setting traps for any would be hero who decides to try and steal your gold is done quite well. The top side RTS type of game is not very in depth however you still have units with special abilities etc. and overall had the surface content not been implemented this game would definitely feel as if it was lacking something.The humor displayed by the narrator is great and while it may break immersion at times this game is meant to be fun and if you're without a sense of humor perhaps this isn't the right game for you. I do agree with some people in that it can be a bit ""too"" cheerful and I would like to see more decorations befitting a true evil dungeon (skulls, chains, head on a stick etc.). Also the addition of an auto-save function would definitely be something that needs to be implemented. Despite being bug free for me had I had a crash or lockup I could have lost 2+ hours of a game by the time I realized I had been playing for so long (a positive sign lol) and decided to save on my own. There does not appear to be a map editor and skirmish play is limited to maps that shipped with the game. No randomly generated ones.In conclusion despite my limited play time I can say I already have no regrets in making this purchase and as a complete noob to this genre I couldn't be happier. Highly recommend this one to anyone on the fence about making the purchase. That goes for fans and newcomers alike."
76561198020780500,Recommended,262280,15542794,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Desias,A great sequel.  Exactly what you would expect from the Dungeon Keeper / Dungeons series.  Hilarious too.
76561197995894805,Not Recommended,262280,22155215,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sefu,"I want to like it. Really, I do. I really liked Dungeon Keeper 2. But this game needs a lot of work.First of all, there are immense memory leaks causing slowdowns and finally crashes on the surface missions. The game is entirely unbalanced, too easy through the main campaign and suddenly stupid hard in the expansion.There's promise here, but it's not an overall good game."
76561197983199721,Not Recommended,262280,15574494,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Blastoboom,"This is my first Dungeons game so not basing my review on the series. Not worth the $40 price tag (IMO). Parts of the UI are clunky, like trying to click on units. Wish there was an option to just switch to a normal pointer (for better accuracy). Sending units around in the dungeon requires clicking on each one (can stack in hand/pointer) and then dropping them off (a spell helps a little with this later on). Sending units outside always requires clicking on each one and dropping them off on the way out.  Only 3 skirmish maps. The narrator humor is ok but starts to wear on you after awhile."
,Recommended,262280,15849636,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,"Love this game, its a bit short but 10/10."
76561198006267993,Not Recommended,262280,15594821,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Loadstone,"The game tries very hard to be like old DK, but frankly it is not challenging. 5 hours in and i have nearly finished the whole game. $45 USD for 5 hours of gameplay is insaine.Additionally, unless you are willing to sign up to their online service (which goes down and throws you out of the game) you wont be able to save your progression other than manual saves. Even the original DK let you play on from unlocked levels for crying out loud.GG welcome to the new age. Strongly disappointed. bah!"
,Not Recommended,262280,22969128,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,InfectiousCAT,"I regret buying this game for $9.99 discounted, then the song of winter DLC for $15 not discounted.When I saw the 10 dollar temporary pricetag and dungeon manging preview vid (first dungeon managing game mind you) I was sucked into it's style and unit management very quickly. Installing, then playing the game. the campaign though pathetically a day or two long, had some of the most enjoyable voice acting from a narrative voice I've experienced in recent gaming. Not to mention the fun references and pokes to other well known game franchises every 30seconds.Now why I regretted buying this; it's hollow, and cheap.After quickly finishing the campaign I grew easily accustomed to the 'horde' race and was eager to try the demon race. Now being a MAN I simply could not continue playing on normal difficulty. So I ramped it hard, beat a few skirmishes, big whoop. Naturally you only want to try for a better challenge, right? So I skipped very hard right into impossible difficulty. And right there, is where it began to show how flawed the game was built. They knew the dungeon managing experience they were setting to make, however the balancing, difficulty, variance in gameplay, that all fell flat on it's face.First of all evert single race operates the EXACT SAME, build treasuries, build relax room (brewery, admiration, F.R.P.), build a mana room, build a trap resources room, build an upgrade room, then smash some camps, get your evil up, and upgrade. Rinse and repeat. Only I could repeat it barely twice per race before becoming numb.AND FUSTRATED, because impossible difficulty is well.... IMPOSSIBLE. Literally, I like hard difficulties bordering on the unfair masicism. But it's just not balanced. I couldn't find a single youtube video that showed someone beating this game on impossible. Why? Because impossible is broken. The first half is always fine but as soon as you get swamped with units that disarm your traps, you lose. You, lose. You have no chance fighting 3 times whatever size your army is as a constant stream without your traps.Lastly let me talk about the races. 'Horde' being probably the most easiest and simple to play as. Demon's being way too ridiculously weak in the beginning to stand any chance above hard difficulty. And then undead which honestly don't add anything new besides the undead theme of rooms and... some units come back when they die?Anyway.... this game is just so short, vanilla version includes a pitifully short campaign and just two boring races. And when you try to play the game seriously on a difficult that makes you try, it breaks because it wasn't balanced for higher difficulties and maps. It is such an insult when you finish the campaign and open skirmish just to find NO ORIGINAL MAPS. THEY JUST RECYCLE THE CAMPAIGN MAPS.It's fun for the first game you play, but just don't buy it. Play at your unlucky friend's who bought it.EDIT: Oh I forgot to mention? You better turn on 15min auto save or save yourself every 5minutes. I play on win10 and this game CRASHES EVERY 20minutes guaranteed. It WILL crash on you, and it seems to be a lot more likely to crash the longer you go without saving, ironically."
,Not Recommended,262280,22729308,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,liquidd666,"Is not a bad game, though after playing Dungeon Keeper I'm not really totally satisfied with Dungeons 2... At Dungeon Keeper it really felt like I was building some dungeon and it was a bit more dark and focus on the construction side.Here it has a touch of defend the dungeon and the bright and happy unicorn bright side of it make me puke. I think I became evil. Sorry I cannot continue the review I need to destroy some happy rabbits dancing on a rainbow."
,Not Recommended,262280,15607037,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,buchweizen,"Entertaining but could have been so much more.Graphics are good and the story is entertaining enough. There is even a glimpse of good dungeon management but underdeveloped. The overworld RTS elements are pretty weak though. Overall there are a bunch of good ideas but none of them has been followed through.Don't get me wrong, this is not a bad game and if you want to play something like dungeon keeper this might be a decent option. But in general there are better ways to spend your money on steam."
76561197972219840,Not Recommended,262280,15830276,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Roundnumbers,Incredibly disappointed. Does not live up to being Dungeon Keeper 2's successor. DK2 was much better. I still have it and I'd rather replay it than finish this game.Why? The pace is VERY slow and boring. This game needs to be fixed. Population of workers and fighters are mixed and the cap is VERY low. 3 orcs does not a horde make. And when you have 25 tasks+ in your dungeon at any given moment 4 workers is not enough. But you can't waste more population cap on workers because you need to defend your dungeon. Everything is incredibly expensive and the pace never picks up.Don't you tell me about patience. This is a video game but instead of being fun it's a boring drag that wastes up my valuable free time.It was a good effort. But this is a critical flaw and until it is fixed I wouldn't recommend the game.
76561198079560094,Not Recommended,262280,22870893,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Scott's cingulate,"Dungeons 2 has a lot of potential as a fun and entertaining game, but it plays horribly on my machine despite my comp meeting the minimum requirment. The frame rate drops down to 10 fps when it is time to use the overworld map. I have read a lot of reviews about the fps being low and there was supposed to be an update, but it looks like it never happened."
76561198061976069,Not Recommended,262280,22768501,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Thiago Limão,It's about going to the surface and the narrator is anoying.
76561198065765417,Not Recommended,262280,19043645,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,solareye,"Overly simple. Do what you are told by the narrator. Everything just got really repetitive and not entertaining at all. The only thing good about the game is the references the narrator makes, and these get old because you only get to do what you are told. Might as well play The Stanley Parable...."
,Recommended,262280,15531088,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,james.kay,"Excellent Dungeon Keeper + alpha! The RTS sections are fun in and of themselves and are a major part of the campaign (not just a gimmick), the extra little dungeons here and there. It continues the DK tradition with an acerbic narrator, voices excellently but with a bit of a droll script (though bonus points for a fun dig at a certain FPS game we may all recall). It even embraces DK to the extent its user interface is not very well designed, though totally functional.If you need a DK kick, I heartily recommend this game!"
76561197971316077,Recommended,262280,15556934,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,White,"Superb game.Really bringd back the dungeon keeper feeling, with improvements.Aswell as having quite the hillarious campaign story (love the narrator).Recommend getting the game, for the price it's a steal.Definately recommending the game to my friends anyhow, if your on the fence, its worth it."
76561198011051348,Not Recommended,262280,15809457,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jrbushman,"The demon faction is an imitigated disaster. They are incredibly needy, with them slowly trudging to a place for adoration and waiting minutes for someone to come and adore them rather than just chugging a beer like the normal faction. Their system of advancing troops is bugged as well as being poorly designed as is and overall seem like a tacted on afterthought that got very little thought at all. But the real reason this isn't getting a recommendation is because the normal faction isn't much better. Your minions are so slow and so needy that by the time they go and grab their pay they're thirsty and so then they go get a drink and then they slowly make their way back to work where then it is once again payday and the cycle begins anew. I had to build breweries and treasuries right next to each work place if I ever wanted any work done and I didn't want to constantly be ferrying my minions around manually. Good game, poor design."
,Recommended,262280,16256204,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Infern,"Want a game that tops Dungeon Keeper in comedy?This is your game. Play as the evil being that destroys all the forces of ""good"".Will you be truly evil and decimate your foes or fall prey to fluffy unicorns that fire laser beams through their horns.Note: This game doesn't have fluffy unicorns that fire laserbeams through their horns. They are just horses that got horny *pun intended* with a rhino."
,Not Recommended,262280,15880450,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Delfofthebla,"All in all, it's just not fun. The game is split between trying to be a dungeon keeper-esque experience and an RTS, and it fails miserably on both fronts. You're getting a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥experience from two conflicting genres and it really bogs the game down.I also found the style of humor to be pretty dry and unappealing, but I dunno, maybe that part is just me."
,Not Recommended,262280,15807710,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Daireishi,"Simply put, this game is not worth the money, it's maybe worth $5-10.  There is very little replay value, and the single player campaign takes maybe 5 hours to complete.  While it looks like I have 24 hours played now, 15 of those hours are setting at the ""Match Making"" screen waiting for the non-existent multiplayer aspect to kick in.  The single player campaign has a neat narrator, but again, it's very, very short.Multiplayer is plagued by terrible design.  There's no lobby selection.  If you want to ""Join a Game"" you have to somehow magically know the ""Game ID.""  It doesn't show a list of available lobbies.  It's like match-making circa 1996 when you needed a third party application like GameSpy to connect to anything.  There is ""QuickMatch"" and by ""quick"" they make 5-miutes to 10+ hours.  I literally sat in a ""quick match"" queue for over 10-hours once.So basically, they game is 5 hours long, and there is no viable multiplayer.  I've managed to play 3 games, and one of them I spent about 40 minutes building before I invaded his dungeon and realized the other player was AFK the whole time.  Likely because he had fallen asleep after being in ""Quick Match"" queue for some long.Short story:  Needs more single player content.  Needs match making technology from this millenium.  Matchmaking technology equivalent to cutting edge 1990s games, might as well support IPX for LAN play."
,Not Recommended,262280,15728857,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,btdkelty,"fix the crashing please, waited to buy for the inevitable patch post release. game was patched. still crashes often.UPDATE, HAVE PUT IN 8 HOURS TODAY, STOPPED COUNTING TIMES ITS CRASHED. SAVE STATES ALL CORRUPT AND CRASHES GAME WHEN TRING TO LOAD ON 6TH STAGE... GREAT GAME, DISAPPOINTING LAUNCH."
76561198027044190,Not Recommended,262280,15783071,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,dpunch4,"This is a brilliant game with good humor and fun gameplay. HOWEVER; If you lose connection with the server for any reason you will be kicked out of your game without saving.The message they give you when you get disconnected ""Sometimes bad things happen BUD""EDIT: okay so the error message is just badly phrased and you don't need to be connected to any servers, it's just a crash message. A dev has replied to my review stating that a patch will come out soon fixing the issues.Oh and the game crashes when I try to save and when I try to load the saves that crash me."
76561197982815216,Recommended,262280,19452488,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Fe,"8.5/10  buy this if you are modern gamer who want to play dungeon defending game.This review comes from a person who never care about what DK2 did in the past (actually I always skip reading reviews from people who keep comparing modern games to DK2, MoO, Dwarf Fortress, Baldur's Gate because what I can find in the present is more important for me)I want to play a polished game that let me be an evil lord who's managing a dungeon, and this game give me what I want.Pros- everything is polished and run smoothly when compared with other games in the same genre- quite hard, I have to restart for many times- (mostly) focus on dungeon building and defending, while War for the Overworld feel more like RTS game that you have to play Zerg rush to destroy enemy base- narrator voice can be turn off- graphic is more acceptable than other 2 gamesCons- sadly, its focus on building and researching defense mechanics. So, there's no decorations or any thing that make you feel like you are building a base for creatures to live-take long time to unlock higher tier units, you don't have much freedom in early stage of game- Enemies portal are too close to player's base. There are not enough distant and space for player to make their dungeon feel like dungeons in RPG games"
76561197960494776,Recommended,262280,16278073,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Veslos,"Totally, Epic, Awesome!Funny story combined with nice gameplay! 9/10 evil thumbs! :)Could be a little longer :)"
76561198057404036,Recommended,262280,16400883,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CDNWolf,"Great game. But needs more missions, maps for skirmish and possible another faction."
,Recommended,262280,15542481,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SNIPEZ10,good game a glitch or two but its great
,Not Recommended,262280,23465786,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kedryn,"I'd love to play the game but I keep getting frequent crashes.  I am keeping an eye on memory util and I am not hitting high enough to make me think it is that as a boundry.  I am playing on my laptop as I am overseas instead of my beefy gaming rig, but I meet specs, if not req specs.  It detects hardware to run at high graphics, and I have tried lowering it all the way down to low.The crashes on started once I hit the larger maps, the red wedding spoof.  It always hits a point later in map near or just after the dungeon raid if you let all the families gather (going for achievement).Others had mentioned the stability problems, but I gave the game a go anyway.  Hopefully it will see some more patches soon or I will try it down the road when I get back to having a full gaming rig.  I will update this review in the future either after some new patches or when I can compare on a different rig."
76561198125006860,Not Recommended,262280,20194854,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Genuint,"Atleast one chrash per hour while gaming, if this is fixed I'll recommend it!"
76561197994878845,Recommended,262280,19016749,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,JayKay,"Awesome game!It does remind me of good old dungeon keeper 2. I really enjoy the game. Mostfriends even like it to watch :). If you like a game that requires micro managmentlots of evil deeds, and grands you a good mood trough enjoyment and laughter,this is one to try out! :).If you find it too expansive, try a demo! Worked for me :)"
,Recommended,262280,15524315,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,nikvolf,"If you enjoyed the Dungeon Keeper (-s), you should defenitely try that"
,Recommended,262280,22777286,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Chwiztid,"The campaign's troll level will crash a LOT.  Make sure you save.  It would be nice to be able to assign jobs to the little snots, instead of the entire bunch going after boxes for traps."
76561198130757116,Recommended,262280,27841330,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Untouchable_King,Worth every minute of my life wasted to play this game...
,Not Recommended,262280,16638860,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Destrider,Not nearly a good as Dungeon Keeper 1 - 2. Lacks the creature variety of variety of DK1-2 and on a personal note I can't say i really enjoy the cheese pop-culture humor.
76561197994613366,Not Recommended,262280,17135111,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,burgess_w,It is VERY short .... but fun ... just short.. more maps or a second campaign would have been better
76561197992840032,Not Recommended,262280,17603857,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Banic_MS,"If you have that old DK itch to scratch, then this game may give a few hours of enjoyment.The graphics are not bad, the UI is adequate, but the game is very simple (unless you like that).The most annoying UI feature is that you can't ""pan"" or ""rotate"" the camera; its always in a North oriented view. Now days RTS games pretty much must have a dynamic camera view.You also cannot possess your creatures, not a big deal, but it always had a charm to see your dungeon from first person perspective.Also the game is very very short, and once you finish it, you probably won't want to do a second playthrough for quite some time.Lastly, many, many people who buy this are unable to finish the game at all. There is a game breaking bug where levels will not load and the game simply hangs. As of this date 8/18/2015 there is no fix. The programers have passed the buck stating ""It's a problem with the unity engine, and we have asked them to fix it"". No other unity games have this issue, so I'm calling BS on that one.Bottom line, you may get a few hours of fun, but due to the game being broken for many; buy with caution as you may not be able to finish the game."
76561198022776347,Not Recommended,262280,17607103,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Waggle,"Definetely a good game, but needs a bit of work in campaign mode. There should be an ""easy"" mode. Very early on, they were throwing alliance at my base on a ticking basis, while I'm trying to complete the mission objectives AND learn the game. I only have 5 orcs.The narrator nagging at me to complete something is fun at first. However, when you're already frustrated, trying to figure out how to kill the darn fairy, defending your dungeon with what little you have, wasting time, watching your gold drain away each payday...It gets annoying. Took a while, but i realized the assassin insta-kills while invisible. There is help bubbles, they don't paint the whole picture.They expect to throw a game mechanic at you, and have you master it instantly before being able to complete a mission objective.Overall, worth $20 I paid while it was on sale. Not $40+ as is currently."
76561198065292893,Not Recommended,262280,19411827,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Onde_Bent,"At first I though the game seemed funny and it does have some great ideas. Compared to other dungeon-builder games, I particularly liked that you bring your forces to the surface and wreck havock.However, the game is very monotomous, the missions are short and the challenges are not really that creative.Furthermore, the game includes a lot semi-not-funny jokes from the narrator, which was funny at first but you tire from it after a few minutes. And they are there CONSTANTLY - every mission title is a pun and the narrator comments on everything you do and don't do. You are not allowed to take your time building your dungeon without the anrrator commenting on it in a really annoying way.So all in all - at first glance, the game brings some great new elements to the genre, but those element are not enough to make up for an otherwise throughoutly annoying game."
76561198021525299,Recommended,262280,16342648,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KKKOMBO,Great game enjoying it so far. If you like Rts games but fancy something a little differant i would consider this game. It has great gameplay and you will for sure lose track of time.This game took me away from my own development and that is really hard to do. Considering i have over 100 games and i'm way too busy to pick up. But this game i made the mistake of giving a shot. Lets just say i have but my deving on hold for a few days. ;)
76561197971133988,Recommended,262280,16371025,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sweet Jesus,I do with for a few more character types but I really like the idea of training the monsters to be different archetypes. I really love the assult on the overworld.
,Recommended,262280,16393323,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[R2D2]Creative Hacker,"Amazing game! loads of fun and a great alternative to my all time favorite game Dungeon keeper!The only issue is that is seems very buggy, GUI problems as well as a few UI improvements are needed  as well as a recent error that made the game crash without any reason! This was during the Campain about stage 4 or 5.if  a few things are ironed out it would be work paying the full price!"
,Not Recommended,262280,21614645,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,radical_chic,The Fischer-Price version of Dungeon Keeper.
,Not Recommended,262280,22841138,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Wildcat2704,"Love the game but it is very unstable, I have tried using different comupters but after about 10-15mins the game crashes. I have contacted support they have yet to provide a solution."
76561198194711709,Not Recommended,262280,22808754,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,NovaMasamune,The game is good but there are so many technical issues. The lag is worse when you reach max population cap and loading time is very slow. Sometimes it crashes. The snots cracking up walls will momentarily make my game lag maybe because of the change in the surface? I don't know. I cannot recommend this game until the issues are fixed. Period.
,Not Recommended,262280,19400193,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,StowOwnsYou,"I have a soft spot for this series, but I expected better.  There are simply too many half baked ideas and executions here.  It's a mediocre minion manager, it's a mediocre fantasy RTS.- The overworld sections are just attack moves.  There's next to no micromanagement necessary and if you lose somene, they'll just get revived.  Unless you lose your entire army at once, you'll never actually lose a single troop in this game as long as you build 3-4 revival pits and plenty of beds.  It really reduces the impact and execution of combat.- Payday is obnoxious and basically stops gameplay in your dungeon for a while.+ The narrator really helps the pacing and flow of otherwise incredibly generic sweep the map level design.  But the moment you stop doing something and he stops, you realize how boring this is.- Reinforcing walls and creating more efficient rooms is completely pointless -- it ends up being +/- 20%, tops, and is really hard to see.- Your minions have no idea how to behave during combat when a unit has fallen and the enemies are still present.  Hope you weren't depending on a gold infusion to finish off that attack!- Very little replayability when the campaign is done.- Spells are just awful.  Good grief.I still need to sink my teeth into Game of Winter but I don't have high hopes for the remaining DLC based on what I've experienced thus far."
76561198127937871,Recommended,262280,26086972,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,jonid89,BUY IT! if you like real time strategy games. This is a great game. Not as awesome as the old Dungeon Keeper but definitely gives the satisfaction of playing it again.
76561198019820859,Recommended,262280,29491511,Posted: 25 January,all,katkatir,"I took my time getting through the campaign, the expansion, and the DLC maps.The winter expansion was rough.  I'm still on the last mission on that one.But 116 hours?  This game was/is definitely worth every penny I spent."
76561198036165758,Recommended,262280,22512355,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,приветствие,another villain game and dungeon builder.
76561198043376902,Recommended,262280,22829058,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SoDoG,good game!!!
76561197960301023,Recommended,262280,22850889,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,IsraeliBigMan,fun game
,Recommended,262280,23158409,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,RedDragon,"Awesome game, if u played dungeonkeeper 2 u gone like this one!Its also kinda funny one if u know a bit about GoTWould recommand it!"
,Recommended,262280,16574165,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Paramaniac,Weeelllcomeee back Dungeon Keeper.Thanks to developers. Nice touch.
,Recommended,262280,18811498,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nynros Vorlon,Well done indeed ;)
,Recommended,262280,25454798,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hobe,Cool!
76561198020010911,Not Recommended,262280,20587338,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Teebo,crashes
76561197995809078,Not Recommended,262280,20597791,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ZachE,Not worth 39.99.
76561198080028924,Not Recommended,262280,20791736,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,siyuan.silvia,"after played this game 28 hrs, i found nothing further can be done. pretty boring now. this game is not worthy you to pay 40 dollars."
76561198007406367,Recommended,262280,25090665,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FangElon,The RTS elements in this game was great coupledwith the dungeon elements.
76561198049546813,Recommended,262280,20233523,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,0M3AN,slap happy simulater 2016this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥narator tho...
76561198122184555,Not Recommended,262280,26019057,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jeroeco,Poor A.I makes the entire game a waste of time
,Recommended,262280,16944952,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"One hell of a fun game. I enjoyed every moment of this game as even though it is more simplistic than Dungeon Keeper 2, the mechanics work well and with two seporate campaigns it's quite interesting, but the annoying this is that there aren't that many. There are still MANY hours you can replay the missions. I felt it was a little short, however it was still very enjoyable with the same narrator from the Stanley Parable doing his thing and the many different comical references like the ""Bloody Wedding"" mission with so much Game of Thrones references as well as several other moments, including the Narrator making fun of the heroes dying, you when you fail a mission and even himself at times.I'd highly recommend this to anyone who's a Dungeon Keeper 2 as they do some new things, but it's a lot more fun. Sadly you can't capture heroes to toture or turn to your side or use their bodies to create new units like vampires, but it's a awful lot of fun.One of the major issues is that unlike DK2 or War for the Overworld, the animations are very slow. Especially when digging without upgrades (though you can speed them up with a slap. However, unlike the aformentioned games, you don't have to claim squares to start building and can do so immediately. You can also buy the production items to place into the room so they need to be larger for more items so it doesn't matter what shape the room is, as long as it's big enough for the items in question."
,Recommended,262280,33069231,Posted: 30 June,all,Velvet Crowe,"Played only 3hrs but non stopOne of the most fun games i ever playedI HAVE NEVER BEEN SO DISSED IN MY LIFEthe narrator's commentary on your gameplay is just epic!!I have been called a mentally challenged, sucidal, slow and other things and normally those would♥♥♥♥♥♥anyone off but the way the narrator says it just wants you to hear the comments so i purposely slack and get dissed :PIt keeps the gameplay fun and interestingThe Easter Eggs are fun tooBuy it if you want to roll on the floor and laugh10/10  WANT MORE GAMES LIKE THISPS : For best gameplay play like a total noob"
76561198148419745,Recommended,262280,22762190,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Proplus_Kid,This is a great game!  Its the Dungeon Keeper from my childhod with a cool upgrade.  Lots of missons and campaigns to keep you entertained for HOURS.  One thing to watch though - I found that if I have multiple DLC active at one time I get a crash uploading saved games.  Slight annoyance but still a must have!
76561198067150775,Recommended,262280,22753414,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,death2dagger,A game I very much enjoy. There are many refrences to popular fantasy title e.g. gandaldore the wizard.This game maintains a comical aspects throughout and continues to amuse until the very end I eould recommend it to anyone whome doesn't wish to take their games to seriously and wants to have fun.
76561198121427547,Recommended,262280,22762851,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,VBAssassin,"This in my opinion is the closest to Dungeon Keeper yet. The battles take long enough (unlike in WFTO) for you to actually use strategy like spells, grab creatures before they die, etc. The creatures have an upgrades system that actually works quite well. Not entirely sure if I like the access to the overworld yet but the dungeon building half of this game is pretty good. My only annoyance with this game is that it's zoomed in too close without the ability to pan out. It would also be quite nice to have a full screen map of your own dungeon as well (like in dungeon keeper 1&2).This is far better and nothing like Dungeons 1. This one is actually worth playing if you're a dungeon keeper fan."
76561197970604744,Recommended,262280,29405372,Posted: 21 January,all,Ghost Bob,"They've come a long way from their first installment.I genuinely enjoy playing this one.There's a few details that still bug me, but overall it's a solid game."
76561198000937706,Recommended,262280,29180536,Posted: 11 January,all,Hunt,"To summarize this in a few words.  Its a good game. It's definitely not Dungeon Keeper or its like. However its a mix of a few games in one.Pros- Entertaining- Gives a few different army mixes and play styles.- a new gameplay mechanic.Cons.- Could have speed up the game a bit as it takes too long to move up the gameplay and the attack speeds- needed some basic key bindings that can be found in other games like attack move button.In conclusion, this game is a 50/50, you will either like it or you wont. Do watch the gameplay vids on Youtube before purchasing it. However, if there is a sale for it, this would be a sure buy."
76561197972357832,Recommended,262280,29392424,Posted: 21 January,all,DMike,"Fantastic game.  I've played it for hours and never ran into a bug. I've read some of the negative reviews and I don't get it.  It's far superior to the first Dungeons (which I actually did not care for).  I loved the fact that you can go from the dungeon up to the overworld.  Great mechanic where the control mechanism changes from Dungeon Keeper style of click-to-pick-up to standard RTS style.  It's got many different things to see and do.  Lots to discover and have fun with.  My only real complaint would be that, aside from the lightning spell(which you receive at the start of the game) the rest of the spells are fairly useless.  I appreciate their presence(from a desire to give a player more things to do) but it might have made more sense if certain creatures were immune or highly resistant to one type of spell over another.  As it stands, you hit their healer and/or thief with the lightning spell and let your traps do the rest of the work.  Which reminds me- I love the traps.  They work exactly as you hope they would.  Rolling boulders that hit their targets do a TON of damage, tar pits slow the good guys down, etc.  All the traps have a nice and understandable purpose(unlike most of the other spells).I'm not going to get down too much into the pros and cons.  I'll simply say that if you liked Dungeon Keeper, I think you'll like this game.I recommend it unreservedly."
,Recommended,262280,29682501,Posted: 3 February,all,9mm:Frostburn,"It is indeed very well made game that greatly well inherits the nostalgia of Dungeon keeper, which was also great game, a god-like game, a Fxxkin' masterpiece game. but, sadly, Its' campaign, which should motivate the player to play some sandbox or survival after it finished, seal the game itself after when we barely feel the tutorial is finally over.even though campaign feels like never ending tutorial, due to many of abilities and rooms and creatures and etc locked away even after half of the campaign finished, It gives you very good gaming experience, because of good sense of humor, distinctive objectives, and well, unlocking another features that game locked away.but yet again, when you finally feels like the real game started, It suddenly over. you can't actually get enough chance to play with full feature of the game in campaign. plus, It does not entertains you with variety features of 'what's becoming evil dungeon lord'. did you wanted to make some muscle creatures happy by build arena and throw them into pit-fighting? or scam the paychecks away by build some casino and bars in your dungeon? or see some dumb things that creatures do because they are dumb creatures? That's too bad. creatures in this game will show you nothing but eating and sleeping and well, decorating walls.so, what made this game cost that great feature? answer is, not so interesting surface adventuring! with bad control! of course, It is great leap for the evil lord that always dwells the grim, dark, humid, underground. but, again, to conquer and corrupt the holy surface land and kingdom, you does not need to be more challenging, like use some dark rituals, or build some great artifacts and such. you just send a bunch of orcs, which seems like all-round perfect soliders, and just walk over it. ta-da. how frustrating.but this game genre -being evil god like something and managing ♥♥♥♥♥- suffers from old chronic depression that caused by very low birth rate of the game. you don't have much of choices. so, go on.oh, If you finding other successors of Dungeon Keeper, go check 'War for the Overworld' too."
76561198075588202,Recommended,262280,35393766,Posted: 1 October,all,em4n3m,"Nice relaxing mix between dungeon creator and RTS.A bit slow, still recommended!"
76561197987630975,Recommended,262280,20255203,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Serendipity,Its a fun little game; artistically reminiscent of warcraft RTS and great humour. Heartily recommended dungeon building sim (minor RTS elements). This was a wild card for me in the steam winter sale and I'm not dissapointed at all.
,Recommended,262280,22857855,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The Jigglenaut,"I see a lot of negative reviews on here, and from what i'm reading people are either having the game crash or they say it's not fun. I've had the game crash once, but I was able to just relauch it and it was fine. You just have to let it load fully before you click anything.As for it not being fun, I disagree completely. The people who say it isn't fun don't like a slow-paced rts, which is what this is. You have to manage your resources, slowly build up your defences and army, and then go on the offensive. It will probably take a few offensive attacks to win the mission, but you'll get there. It's very chill and pretty laid back once you get the hang of it, and they have a funny narrator that says pretty funny references to other popular games and books of the same human vs orc theme.In the end, if you're looking for a slow-paced game that will take A LOT of time but is very enjoyable and relaxed with a funny joke here and there, this is a great game for you.Then only bad thing I'd have to say is without the DLC, there is a lack of content. I might have 13+ hours played, but that's just on a 8 or so mission campaign and i'm on the last mission. Although fun, it just shows how long the missions can take."
76561197986262991,Recommended,262280,29580550,Posted: 29 January,all,Storm,"I started playing Dungeons 2 then stopped after a few missions, it just wasn't gripping me.  I also always felt rushed, you also always have this feeling that you're about to run out of gold by next pay day and scramble to keep unearthing more gold veins.I then decided to give it another go this weekend, continuing the campaign where I left off and the game has managed to open up a bit more but now I'm feeling not only rushed, but also overwhelmed.  I constantly need to be doing stuff above ground as well as needing to defend underground, I have to keep the gold flowing which has it's own risks of unearthing spiders and the like.I have yet to actually build an arena on any map and now I also have a forge to build.  I don't get enough gold / time to research all upgrades in any of the places (tinkerer, forge, mana place) and even if I had been able to build an arena, I'd never be able to use it because my forces are either busy fighting above ground or defending underground.It's just rush rush rush from the minute the map starts.  I keep getting this feeling I'm missing the ""cookie cutter recipe"" of how you're supposed to approach every map.  Almost like DOTA, start map, press this key combination to buy these things and get to that specific lane ASAP.  There's just very little ""fun"" factor and I'm not getting any actual time to ""explore"" the game.  I've started redoing each map after playing it for 5-10 minutes just so I can get a little ""exploration"" into the game mechanics.  It feels much like diving into an FPS that has you fighting aliens non stop from the second it loads till it's finished.  You don't actually get to try out the cover system or the vault system because you're constantly overwhelmed and the second you're done killing everything the mission abruptly ends with no option to continue playing in order to explore the mechanics.I felt much the same way about Dungeons 1, never finished it.  Still, it has that nostalgic feeling that reminds me of many happy hours playing DK2 as a kid which is why I'm trying so hard to like it.TLDR; Definitely has potential, get it on sale and even if you don't end up finishing it, you should get your money's worth.  Will be buying War for the Overworld in the hope that it'll be the one that will scratch the itch."
,Recommended,262280,16681126,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Smilodon,"A very well made game in the same vein as Dungeon Keeper. If you enjoyed that game way-back-when, you'll love this one. Dig for gold and space, construct production facilities and defenses, and fend off invasions from the surface. Very much like Dungeon Keeper, with some added above-ground RTS-type gameplay. 4 out of 5 stars."
76561197992360630,Not Recommended,262280,35292713,Posted: 29 September,all,Threepac,"Narrator is ok, graphics are ok, but the game itself is just very slow and boring."
76561197978965198,Not Recommended,262280,16036505,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Phroster,"The game looks good, but runs really bad, fps drops and low fps on a good machine.I'll add my specs so you can see I'm not kidding.i7 2600k @ 4.0 ghznvidia 680 GTX16GB ram, SSD driveThe gameplay is good though, too bad it runs like crap.EDIT: the game has microstutters, it's not unplayable, but if you are picky about these things like performance, this will put you off when you're playing the game. Atleast for me a relaxing game should also run smooth to enjoy the experience."
,Not Recommended,262280,24902670,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,R7 Adamant,"Sadly I have to say that I do not recommend this game, it has some serious memory leak issues.The gameplay is fun, like a mix of Dungeon Keeper and Warcraft 3.The narrator is the same guy doing essentially the same part he did in ""The Stanley Parable""Honestly, I like almost everything about the game aside from the technical problems that it has.So, if you have some kind of monster rig that will shrug off memory leaks and unoptimized games, go ahead.Otherwise, you'll just get frustrated with the game bogging down and slowly freezing over."
76561197968609113,Not Recommended,262280,15538499,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,arobertpeter,Bug ridden needs work only one day out and here come the patches.  This is not ready to be released and you are playing a beta.
76561197971446994,Not Recommended,262280,15548660,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,S8.Zephyr,"Whenever there is a launch day patch you know a game was released to early, and things have been rushed. This is the perfect example.Added controller support causes the game to stutter every few seconds while my unused steering wheel takes over the interface. Hand pointer is inaccurate and clunky to use. No group select or multi pickup of units.The narrator is a♥♥♥♥♥♥and insults you repetitively if you take too long.Toolboxes are called WP when used, and completely clutter tinkerers shop to the point of making it extremely difficult to click on.It feels like a $5 fan-made product using an existing engine.Pros:The art team did a great job.You are giving money to a team trying to keep the Dungeon Keeper genre alive.Cons:Narrator, narrator scriptinterface, gameplay, hell pretty much everything else."
,Not Recommended,262280,22739515,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Focal,"A crappy, slow and dumbed down version of Dungeon Keeper 2."
76561198020277205,Not Recommended,262280,15544652,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,KlondikeBarr,Laggy garbage
,Not Recommended,262280,34820676,Posted: 8 September,all,Mundungu,"This game is very reminiscent of Dungeon Keeper 2 at first, which is clearly what they were going for.  It is fun for a while, but quickly loses its appeal as you branch out of your first dungeon to attack enemies.  There is very little interesting gameplay during combat, and it moves at a snail's pace.The game just makes me want to play DK2 again rather than be excited to play this new iteration.  That is never a good sign for a game.  I would pass on this and wait for something else if you are looking for a new DK2 experience."
76561198005964465,Not Recommended,262280,15551366,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,gamergeek79,An insult to Dungeon Keeper to even suggest comparing this to it......
76561198215461792,Not Recommended,262280,22771657,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,rubyismycat,This game feels like it has tried valiantly to copy dungeon keeper but it fails.This game isnt funny despite trying to be its way too slow paced because your imps oops i mean snots count as population (big mistake) meaning doing anything takes hours unless you want no army this could and should be rectified overall this game is not garbage but i can not recommend it
76561198009314206,Not Recommended,262280,15575041,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,parks.85,"After a few more hours of play after the latest update, I still find this game somewhat lacking. The addition of skirmish matches have really added to this game, but still the overall enjoyment level just doesn't seem to make this game worth it."
76561198015390097,Not Recommended,262280,15892840,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,sketchyd,"The whole campaign is a tutorial, and drags on and on.  The voice acting is unfunny. The controls are clunky at best.Avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,262280,15607000,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,№Ĺỉмỉťڲ,This game may be good if you have never played the original. But I would gladly play the original Dungeon Keeper over this any day. To me this is an extremely poor effort at trying to make a sequel and this does no justice to the original game. If you really enjoyed Dungeon Keeper go back and play that as Dungeons 2 may have a similar look but feels like you are playing a baby's game.The narrator is horrible and the overall game play feels like it was put together over a weekend
,Not Recommended,262280,22844310,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Timesight,"Not worth 40 euro, I got it for 10 and that was a good deal. Still I cannot recommend it because it is not even close to dungeon keeper. The best thing in this game was  the humor.  But dungeon keeper is 10 times better than this. If you want dungeon keeper you should play that or at least get War for the Overworld, that game is closer to dungeon keeper than this.Ps : It crashes a lot"
76561198004496189,Not Recommended,262280,15856533,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,cursor,I just need to say that the game will not even start on a very recent and powerful computer.  Support is baffled and has not responded with a fix for over a week.
,Not Recommended,262280,15575254,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Neko77025,Fun-ish .. but not worth 40.00 at all.     This game should be 20.00 At most.Their is not enough tech / units.  They should not of made 2 factions ... it should of been 1 that is flushed out.   It is fun at first but their is not much to do in it .. it will have no replay due to the lack of ways too play it ...Have to give it a no for this price of 40.00
76561198072993279,Not Recommended,262280,15616823,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Banditman,"The spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper . . . or it tries to be.On the good side, the game is a dungeon manager.  The theme and graphics are what you'd expect.  Unfortunately, that's where my good experience stops.So many issues . . .First off, I was able to beat the entire campaign in 25 hours, and that was with a lot of dithering around and trying to figure out some elements of the interface.  I would not be at all surprised if folks finished up in 12 hours.  For a game like this, I certainly expect a lot more than 20 hours of gameplay in the campaign.The interface.  Don't get me wrong, the interface itself is fairly easy to come to grips with, but mechanically, the interface doesn't do a good job at all of communicating what it is happening.  For instance, your minions can get upset with you and go on strike . . . ok, fine, it's not a new mechanic in this genre.  But . . . why are they on strike?  I can't click on them, they just stand there.  Just one example.  Upgrading units is another real trial.The challenge level is the worst offender however.  The game is just dead easy.  I remember having to really rush to keep up in Dungeon Keeper.  I always felt like I was just on the verge on falling behind and being run over.  Not an issue here.  Take all the time you like, and when you feel like the entire deck is stacked in your favor, attack.  Attack falls apart?  No problem.  Just revive your troops and try again.There are so many problems with this game, a game I really, really, really want to like.  The game has the appearance on the surface of being exactly what folks would want in a game like this.  It just doesn't deliver.  Had I spent $5.00 on it, yea, ok, I'd be like, cool.  Wait for the sale, pick it up, and enjoy it at the price it really needs to be."
,Not Recommended,262280,15723257,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,banzaimonkey,"Dig a dungeon. Hire minions. Upgrade your dungeon and units and conquer the overworld. The mechanics and atmosphere are great. I love the concept and the game play itself is pretty fun.However, the game's performance is abhorrent. It needs serious optimization attention. Normally I get a new game, put it on max settings, and get somewhere between 30 and 60 FPS. Sometimes I have to tweak a few settings to get 60 FPS consistently. In this game I get 8-10 FPS on the lowest settings. It's terrible.Since the game involves quite a bit of micromanagement to upgrade your units, defend your dungeon, etc., poor performance is super crippling and tedious. Also, there's a ton of input lag and the cursor is very unresponsive and hard to use. Unfortunately these flaws make the game as a whole not fun to play. I think the devs are aware of the performance problem and I hope it gets fixed, but I can't recommend buying this until these issues are resolved."
,Not Recommended,262280,20348341,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,mdc.1994,"I bought this game a while ago, presuming it was a sequel the the previous Kalypso game called ""Dungeons"". I don't think that it's too far of a stretch to imagine that it'd be somewhat the same?Afraid not. Very different mechanics, very different direction (though the art style stayed somewhat the same).The humour is good, but I bought this at full price (£30 here in the UK) and it's not funny enough to warrant that price.I returned it. I'm sure it's a good game to some people, but if you're hoping for more ""Dungeons"", ""Dungeons II"" is not the game to buy."
76561198051194348,Not Recommended,262280,30724438,Posted: 25 March,all,Chance,Amazing game (from the two lots of 15 minutes I've managed to play) but constantly crashes. :(
76561197995257791,Not Recommended,262280,16649353,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PP | Oldage,"I was expecting a game as similar to and as good as or better than Dungeon Keeper Gold.  Long story short: i didn't get it.  The similarity was there but the fun and gameplay wasn't.The game looks good, has some good mechanics and has obviously had a lot of effort into polishing it to look really nice but really failed to grab me and i got bored an hour in. Maybe i just have higher expectations as i absolutely loved DKG but I think my boredom was mainly due to it being really slow and based off the few missions i played far to easy."
,Not Recommended,262280,17289959,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mr. CaptainMan,Game was great until it stopped loading levels. Developers have gone silent. AVOID THIS GAME!!
76561198071179933,Not Recommended,262280,18841744,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,piloumox,The game take for ever to load and is extremely slow. Expensive and unplayable. don't waste your money
76561198028438355,Not Recommended,262280,18181246,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mr.Rooster,"First of all, i bought it on pre-order and i had not even played to it and though it was good.I did not like because of the following reasons :Short campaign, really there is like 9 missions with no replayabilityGameplay is mostly about farming enough cash to send your troops to mass attack and in the meantime build as much trap as you can to ""defend"" your base heart, all they do is sending waves of enemies that are mostly always the same and always take the same path no matter whats in itNarator: It was cool for the first 10 minutes, now it's annoying, please stop before i simply mute all the sound. He mostly tells you you have to do this and that at every 30 seconds and say things such as : insert funny line, Amateur! i'm used to work with professionalit's so repetetive that whatever the map is, it's only about farming gold and training troops to mass attack with a bunch of unit.In shorter words, a total dissapointment since i liked the first one, but this, just no."
76561198018444495,Not Recommended,262280,16748747,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mr Explodinator,"Boring.The game moves at a glacial pace. Then when you finally get EVERYTHING and are ready for a serious challenge it ends.Everything is superficial, the main unit mechanic is beer which you get just by building a brewery, no harvesting you just build it and bam there it goes.Overall the game is simple and boring, you can ""defend"" your dungeon with traps if you want but you'll do just as well picking up every unit and just setting them on the enemy."
76561198171118986,Not Recommended,262280,18176502,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Super_Kawaii,"The graphics are pretty and the narration is cute, but it just lacks something to keep you're attention. It's all just kinda boring!"
,Not Recommended,262280,17971032,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,NeT,"This is one of those games where its hard to give just a thumbs up or thumbs down. The game itself is enjoyable, but is it $40 enjoyable when there are at least 2 other games similar on Steam with more content and a cheaper price point that are just as fun.The price point is already steep, and now they are coming out with DLCs you have to pay for, and the DLCS include very basic things like new maps, and maybe a new enemy or two. $3.99 per DLC, on top of the $40 price tag of the original game? Seriously? The primary game lacks so much that I could understand if it was $15, but $40....way overpriced and lack of content.Enjoyable game although the narrator gets annoying after awhile as you start hearing him repeat the same things over and over. The game itself is a bit easy, but can be challenging at times as waves of mobs come in from 3 different directions. They have traps to help defeat the waves of enemies, and unfortunately from a players persepctive the traps most of the time if setup properly will defeat any wave that comes in after you. This without even having to upgrade the traps to level 2 or 3, just another point on why this game is a little to easy.15.7 Hours on record and I basically beat the game, most of that time I was dragging it out by seeing I could mine every mineable rock, etc. The game just seems to be lacking that few extra little things to make it go from an ok fun game to a great fantastic game. I don't know if its more characters needed, more depth of what you can do, less hand holding or what...but its missing something.I'd recommend getting this game when its on sale. The $40 tag is a bit much especially since they are wanting you to purchase DLCs for a primary game that lacks more than 10 hours of content already."
76561198032826256,Not Recommended,262280,18039072,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Goodwc72,needs more rooms.
76561198009278251,Not Recommended,262280,20781213,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TRevrockrock,"For some reason... every dungeon management game EVER has been cutsey, cartoony, comical.WHY???What the ♥♥♥♥ are they thinking?  Does that improve the game somehow?  Is it covering up untalented graphic design, or is it appealing to a wide audience?I don't know, but it RUINS IT.  I'm trying to be an evil dungeon master and the narrator is telling fart jokes n♥♥♥♥♥♥  Making fun of the whole fantasy paradigm.  The orcs are prancing around like fruit cakes.like, really???   Is there one dungeon game out there that takes it seriously, like DnD seriously?Warhammer or Total War kind of SERIOUSLY!?You can build a torture room for ♥♥♥♥ sakes!  This isn't elementary school material.  Get it through your head.I go to massacre the surface world of men, and the narrator is babbling about fluffy rabbits and other bad cliche jokes about being evil.  Good for you.  ♥♥♥♥ youself.The graphics remind me of when Warcraft 3 first came out.  Uhh.. wtf is this?  So cartoony.And, ya the lag.  Omg the lag.  Make it stop.  The screen tearing, the jittery graphics.  It's not me Even the PROMOTIONAL VIDEO for this game lags.  Go watch it.  What a joke.  I don't mean on Steam, I mean it was RECORDED lagging.  And published like that anyway.  Talk about a technical nightmare.The gameplay is so meh.  There is nothing new from previous titles.  Throw creatures around, slap them, dig out rooms, plant rooms, make military guys.  Would it kill you to make something interesting?Not to mention it doesn't seem balanced.  For some reason I'm always waiting for something that is taking way too long to do.  Simple tasks take all freakin day.The developer doesn't give a fuuuuckk.  And it shows.  I got it on sale and it's still a waste of money.Don't do it.  Save yourself.  Play Dungeon Keeper of Overlord or something.  They are much less disappointing."
76561197970576421,Not Recommended,262280,22819583,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ascius,"The gameplay is basically Dungeon Keeper + Warcraft + Game of Thrones references, without capturing the strengths of any of those three franchises.Dungeons 2's story is attempting parody, but really just ends up refering to the source materials rather than building upon or lampooning them.There's a couple laughs to be had, so if you really like Dungeon Keeper style games and it's on sale, it's playable enough, otherwise I'd give it a pass."
76561198063170082,Recommended,262280,17005600,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Madon,It's payday! It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!  It's payday!
,Recommended,262280,22731148,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,NoYzE,I love the humor!I think this is the sequal dungeon keeper should have been.
76561198188513981,Recommended,262280,22856093,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,broodiss002,"very fun worth getting if on sale, but terribly short and has a crashing problems and dlc is kinda like paying for the rest of the game"
76561197999695604,Not Recommended,262280,17698586,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,niin,NOT ENOUGH UNITS AND GLICHED ON 2ND GAME MAP!
76561198238849744,Not Recommended,262280,19631106,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,CrystalBooness,I did not enjoy this as much as Lord of the overworld.  This one I found difficult to manuver through and the other one was way easier and also had the voice of the Keeper from Dungeon Keeper games so it was a flawless transition to play the game.  This Dungeons 2 lacked the voice and the ease of movement that Lord of the Overworld does.
76561198190269155,Recommended,262280,26438944,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,darklighter67,"I love this game it is awesome, but the undead is really strong and hard to beat."
,Not Recommended,262280,17661987,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Franz Wersmith,Played it for 6 hours and then asked for a refund because this game is boring as ♥♥♥♥ (gave it multiple chances)
,Not Recommended,262280,17798066,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[LWB] Psiops91,to a degree its a fun game but with the rambling announcer who is trying to be humerous but only annoying as can be and irritating missions it looses what can be fun in it.
76561198017709230,Not Recommended,262280,19450418,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Fred C.,I like the game.But it crashes after playing for about 30 minutes.My computer is less than 6 months old (Windows 10 Pro) and every driver is up to date.I cannot recommend this game until this is fixed
76561198038757563,Not Recommended,262280,20645450,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sausygin,"The game is broken, unplayable and constantly crashes after the latest release.  I have contacted their support which takes 5-7 days to respond via e-mail. They have not been able to help me or my friend who recently purchased the game."
76561198088305237,Not Recommended,262280,17937979,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Possibly_A_Bot,"Will not start on Mac/OSX:OSX Yosemite 10.10.5Model Identifier:	iMac14,2Processor Name:	Intel Core i5Processor Speed:	3.2 GHzNumber of Processors:	1Total Number of Cores:	4L2 Cache (per Core):	256 KBL3 Cache:	6 MBMemory:	8 GBBoot ROM Version:	IM142.0118.B11SMC Version (system):	2.15f7Feel like I just got robbed...[EDIT]Well 4th try is a charm.. finally got to a menu.[EDIT]And freeze after the second mission. This is not playable on OSX!"
76561198027212744,Recommended,262280,29289588,Posted: 15 January,all,joe78man,"If you loved dungeon keeper, you might want to try this one. Picture dungeon keeper with the option to send your minions outside your dungeon into the realm, and destroy the heroes spawners or even enter your enemy's dungeon to destroy him. DK was the first of it's kind and this game is a decent follower of that path set so many years ago"
,Recommended,262280,29422784,Posted: 22 January,all,IceBlitz,Fantastic
,Recommended,262280,23297020,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,alexolani,holds your hand stil funy
76561198079429204,Recommended,262280,23339052,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,KillAManJaro,Great job and heres to Dungeons 3
,Recommended,262280,20404723,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Cheerilee,funny little game that will make laugh hole time play game
76561198057626206,Recommended,262280,28007469,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Weeaboo-Kun,Very fun to play.
,Not Recommended,262280,31730780,Posted: 13 May,all,Haxyeratsu,Not what I excepted.
,Recommended,262280,29114102,Posted: 8 January,all,Nick,Great game. Really fun if you know what your doing.
76561197970901679,Not Recommended,262280,15533833,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,|tb|Brutal,Why games get release like this is beyond me.  So bugged I can not even play the campaign.
76561198011827366,Recommended,262280,15527137,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,will,"dungeons 2  a plesant experience nice graphics side splitting humor ,and suprisingly good fps even on my laptop 8/10."
76561197985052033,Not Recommended,262280,18227797,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Eevee,"Clunky interface, inability to multi-select units within the dungeon to deal with monsters and invaders, and holy crap does the narrator ever lose his charm for nagging you to do the very thing you're doing.Good attempt, would definitely not recommend."
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,262280,21626835,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dethstarr,"Have never managed to stop a C+++ Crash.  Company took forever to respond and when they did the advice was to drop my resolution below 2560x1440.  I have 2 monitors, one is 4k and one is 2560x1440.Gave up."
76561197969715965,Recommended,262280,24258811,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,PhearFactor,It's good
76561198021437781,Recommended,262280,20394803,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CaptainFaisal,"As a newcommer to the series, i enoyed the game a lot, the narrator made the game more fun as he was very funny.Basically the goal of the game is to build your evil army horde in the underground and create a big and powerful dungeon capable of creating stronger and bigger armies/horde to attack the goody Alliance.Game does have some drawbacks , like not much to build upon and unit variety. Its basically just wasting hours every mission building the same base over and over again. Thats not a huge problem as you can change up a bit, the problem is there isnt much to build! just a few rooms. Unlike from what i have heard in the previous series where there was a lot.Long story short, game is fun and worth your while, also if you watch Game Of Thrones then you will love this game even more as its somewhat of a parody to the TV Show :)7/10"
,Not Recommended,262280,17530686,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Cody Snider,"First time I've made use of a refund request on Steam. It's a terrible game, there are $.99 phone apps that have more depth."
76561198062579763,Recommended,262280,23448822,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Butt,"I usually give games bad reviews that are good mainly because I like to drink a lot of beers and i have mental problems. But that might be the same reason this game appeals to me.This game is great. To some of us the concepts are familiar. But now you send your dudes through a portal and they come out in the overworld and you fight unicorns and♥♥♥♥♥♥ And when you win the terrain becomes evil and♥♥♥♥♥♥And when you grab your wife by the throat because she won't let you play dungeons 2 in peace, you want to hold a butcher knife to her throat and tell her 'If you wanna live to see tomorrow....'"
,Recommended,262280,23828345,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tordehole,Dungeon Keeper 2 and Starcraft 2 had a baby of epic proportions. And Stanley Parables voice actor Kevan Brighting too.. Hnng. So good.
76561198039229380,Not Recommended,262280,20628196,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Schwalan,The game itself is fun but the constant crashes ruins everything. Tried playing multiplayer with a friend several times but we didn't finnish ONCE due to the game crashing.It's managable in singelplayer due to the fact that you can actually save your progress every 5 minutes but it still gets tiresome.Fix the crashes and it would be playable.
,Not Recommended,262280,19969441,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Iggy,"Fungame if you like the dungeon lord genre.It was fond of crashing on me, however, and it kept letting my mouse go out of the game (2 monitor set up).If you really like dungeon making, get it. Otherwise, stay away.Edit: Ok so I tried playing for another hour. It crashed twice. Never mind, don't get this game."
,Recommended,262280,26364727,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Defearion,"Died 2 times in the tutorial, never have I been so happy to fail"
76561198078402768,Not Recommended,262280,25235256,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,solops1,"Nice graphics. Interesting features, but no options to speed up or slow the game. No ability to pause, review and issue orders. Overall, not good for anyone who likes planning or thinking about the game or watching his plans in action. Its more of an FPS clicker. War for the Overworld is better for strategy."
76561197984499488,Recommended,262280,27863685,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[ICE]spear,A very gud game.
76561197997712549,Not Recommended,262280,24936439,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Balder,"While I very much enjoyed the hour or so I had playing the game, the bug of not being able to load saved games renders the game rather useless and unplayable. I do not recommend purchasing this game, no matter how discounted."
76561198088473915,Not Recommended,262280,20476865,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,keith45678,"Do you want to play a game that has absolutely no instructions whatsoever?  Then this is the game for you.  Prepare to get frustrated as you search the dark corners of the web, trying to figure out all the mechanics of how to actually play this game."
76561198037691043,Not Recommended,262280,20370521,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Redles,"Con:Poor performances, sometimes the game just stopsLong loading timePro:The narrator is awesomeGood gameplayI can't thumb up a paid game which such performances"
,Not Recommended,262280,33256506,Posted: 4 July,all,Rayden☆✪,"This game isn't Dungeon Keeper, it feels slow and sluggish, they added ""Human world"" and feels really boring to play, with cartoonish graphics. Some nice small things are there though, but overall I can't recommend this game."
76561197984803739,Not Recommended,262280,17984005,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,PentagramPro,"Dungeons 2 has two problems. These are common among games about Absolute Evil:1. Dungeon Keeper. If it didn`t exist, Dungeons 2 would be a unique game.2. Disneyland. If funny and toony games about Evil were not so widely spread across industry, this would be very humorous game.If you didnt play Overlord, Dungeon Keeper, Evil Genius, Black and White, then I recommend this game to you. But If you `ve seen life, then Dungeons 2 does not worth your time.Yes, and the controls are buggy."
,Not Recommended,262280,22843088,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dirk Chiselfist,"Stripped down dungeon keeper clone, with a slow, rubbish overworld RTS tacked on. Writing is typical half-arsed fantasy dross, but music and presentation are nice."
,Not Recommended,262280,17510706,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,bennydeak,Pretty disappointing. Attempting to be dungeon keeper but really falls flat on its face.
,Recommended,262280,20336788,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MegadethStar,"Eh, it's what you expect it to be"
,Not Recommended,262280,24394224,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,a helpless tramp,"Annoying popup at the start where you have to press ""skip"" every time, then ""play game"", after you've already launched the game from steam.Hand holding tutorial in place of campaign, works off of triggers (you can't really skip ahead, invulnerable monsters etc).Terrible narrator dialog ""the goody goody town of goody goodyness"". Show don't tell.Compared to Dungeon Keeper:Less things, more upgrades.Less organic dungeon, more RTS.All the things are there. The ""minions"". Slapping them. Digging out a dungeon. Placing rooms.But it all feels a lot more constricted, and pressured. You can't evolve an evil empire. You have to rush build orcs to fight constant incoming waves that just waltz in from the get-go in every single map.The one good thing that they have done, is the ability to place back corridors (an issue in the original DK if you just mined out too much, and couldn't make rooms properly. Making it more possible to make an obstacle course for incoming enemies.Not sure how effective vs players they are, but you can just lightning/fire the halflings of the party, and let the other monsters kill themselves on traps, which is handy if you want to be out adventuring all the time.Speaking of which, there don't seem to be any down sides to always having your monsters outside - they don't rebel, or get angry/tired. Payday seems to instantly drop gold on them.The overworld changing appearance is really nice - but it is possible to get your creatures stuck behind scenery. And then there's no way to kill them, meaning that they've just permanently eaten those population slots.This game doesn't have a useful wiki that I can find either. I had to use trial-and-error to figure out which upgrades did what, and how to get better monster tiers.(Note: reviewed after game crashed half way through a campaign map and no save. grr.)After all that, I've managed to finish the token campaign, and get most of the achievements (the mana one being a little absurd)To find that the game doesn't really have a functioning multiplayer.There are 6 maps, and no way to search for games online. Or AI.You either have friends that play this, or it's a very short game indeed.As for whether it's even balanced for multiplayer, I can't really tell.It looks like they wanted to put even more races in to it, but just never got the chance, before they ran out of budget.The whole game feels a bit like that really.At £2.50, this game would be worth it. At £25.00, not snowflake's chance in hell."
76561197993810589,Recommended,262280,25920848,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FruitSamurai,"Its an okay gameif you like this type of game, I strongly recommend 'Suzukuri Dragon'"
76561198044573399,Not Recommended,262280,24452724,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Razorthorns,The game mechanics are not that bad although they are a bit tedious since you have to pick your defenders up literally and move them around by HAND. Granted eventually you figure out how to grab multiple enemies at once but something so critical is not taught in the tutorial.The constant nagging if you want to play at a slower pace is also very annoying. The constant gold drain with limited income turns this game into a time sensitive game that forces you to micro manage a lot. Some will like that and some wont. I don't. This would be a far more fun game if they let you take your time with it and enjoy building your dungeon up more. Instead it is constantly nagging you to hurry up and finish the objective.regardless of all that I would give it a thumbs up EXCEPT that the game constantly crashes to the point it should not even be allowed to be sold until they fix it because the constant crashes make it unplayable. No game is fun if you can play it ...
76561198027944360,Recommended,262280,26767299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dracon,Fun game
76561198008159413,Recommended,262280,28795350,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Evil TAS >:),epic just epic!
,Recommended,262280,24248270,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
76561198167268466,Not Recommended,262280,18334066,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Steven Drake,You know the number one complaint about this game is that its not long enough to be worth 43 dollars. I mean seriously thats the number one complaint that the game is not worth the money they are asking for because the game is to short. You would think if the developers cared about their fans they would do something to remedy that (perhaps free dlc or something). Cause i can spend 27 dollars on Ark or 27 on space engineers and those have 100s of hours worth of content. I am asking the developers why do you think it was justifiable to charge people 43 dollars for your game? Why arent you listening to your number one complaint? I mean seriously this game is good but not worth that amount of money and must reasonable complaints are centered around that. This is the kind of thing that will screw thier company over in the long run cause people are going to remember that you charge alot of money for your games when its clearly not worth that much. I know i wont be buying anymore of this companies games if thier going to pull this kinds crap and i know i am not the only one.
,Recommended,262280,18748561,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mr. Cynical,+1
,Not Recommended,262280,19319758,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Eminem2420,The controls were an immediate turn off. The narrator constantly nags you until you are forced to mute him. They want $40 dollars for this?
76561198030481788,Recommended,262280,24883611,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,geko,Absolute evil rulezzz! >: )))
76561198044060889,Not Recommended,262280,19036937,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Gigoveth,"They tried to repeat the success of Dungeon Master(s). Yet failed miserably. Game is slow, boring, repetitive. Avoid it."
,Recommended,262280,20352702,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SpaceBuddy,fun
,Not Recommended,262280,22787227,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,vokiel,"What an absolutely dumb game and an horrible homage to Dungeon Keeper. Put it simply this is Dungeon Keeper for dummies. The makers basically removed everything that would make this a Rate-R game and replaced it by prepubescent humor to keep their PG-13 rating. The narrator is as annoying as a preschool teacher. His daddy jokes and incessant picking is a big minus.Aside from the presentation, there are many game issues. First the units are as dumb as a bag of hammers. You can't have units that exclusively mine or produce beer in Dungeons 2, if you place a number of traps or doors they all drop their tools and all rush to place them. There is no control whatsoever on what they do other than not lining up the tasks for them. Slapping units is completely useless and just another tasteless prop as it yields no reaction. That would just be bad for the game's rating.Speaking of props, I could have played this without the most annoying hand cursor I've ever seen in a game. It's impossible to grab or drop anything with precision with it. It's a shiny bath toy. Second, you can't actually rotate the camera in Dungeons 2!!! Guess that wasn't a good feature enough for them to concentrate on.They had to focus on an absolutely corny campaign which is lifted straight from World of Warcraft down to the race's names and present it as if it was any original. It is not. A few hours into this game and I already feel like I've wasted enough by brain cells.One positive, they mashed the RTS genre with the game decently, however crowd control is nearly impossible. You'll never handle more than ~4 units at the same time. It's a challenge to  have a healer heal the unit closest to death. No worries however, the game will never allow you to have much more units than that. Max population seems to be fixed to avoid further technical failures.Once more all units are as dumb as they could be and this game is one of the dumbest I have in my library."
,Recommended,262280,30410601,Posted: 9 March,all,綾子,I love it!!!!!I hope you make Dongeon 3 finished faster!!!! :Devle is apone us!!!!!!!!!yeeeeeeesssssss.... evle!!!!!!!
76561198075195936,Not Recommended,262280,33587026,Posted: 16 July,all,calvynerd,"The game is not a challenge at any level.Need more resources? Digs deeper... Going in surface in pointless.It can not be defined as a strategic one, because you can easly win sleeping. The winning strategy is this: start the map, produce 4 units of war (2 worrior, 2 distance) and all workers. Than dig the whole map, all of it. Sometimes monsters come out from a ""secret rooms"", well kill them with the 4... they will always win...Attack from heroes? No problem 4 units are enough to protect your self for a good half an hour, after increased population capacity creates other warriors and the map is over...Traps are completely pointless (in a duangeons game!??!?!?). Of course you can create a labyrinth with traps but it is a waste of time, warriors are more than enough.The battles on the surface to win the map? 3 healers, 1 medusa, 4/5 warriors, 2 trolls throwing stones, 2 goblins machine and you will destroy everything without ever coming close to death ...In the end Dungeons 1 was much nicer, you had to build labyrinths, made traps and attractions and be carefull that the heroes did not die too soon otherwise you would not have accumulated points ... this game goes away miles from that kind, I do not know what they have created, but it is a pointless game.Loss of time and money. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,262280,29020393,Posted: 4 January,all,Diamond Joe Biden,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,262280,19106395,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kevvan01,Wasted money R.I.P
76561198179160158,Recommended,262280,24885306,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,No1 sancho,Its GOOD!
76561198018670110,Not Recommended,262280,20077060,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Faren,the tempo of the game is insanely slowed down to the point i literally couldn't really enjoy it anymore
,Not Recommended,262280,20234546,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Moon Monkey,Black Screen The Game!
76561198005321567,Recommended,262280,26724170,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,-=Gus=-,"♥♥♥♥in epic, just like dungeon keeper. Addictive as hell"
76561198083681037,Not Recommended,262280,24902204,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ganzon,"Crash crash and more crash...the game is fun and very nice... if it wasn't for all the crash all the time, this is an excellent game."
76561198027952872,Not Recommended,262280,20243478,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Simbio,"Neutral.The game is good but campaign is too short. It took about 18 hours and I was quite slow. Modern ""Buy DLC"" distribution model.The game is not challenging. Dungeon Keeper 2 beats this game in almost every aspect. Well, except the narrator. This part was quite good."
,Not Recommended,262280,26291472,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,mipper,"This is a Dungeon Keeper clone. But it falls short in every regard. Units, rooms, strategy and pace. It is just too easy and not varied enough to keep you from being bored."
,Not Recommended,262280,23857409,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jast,"NOTHING... just nothing new from times when Dungeon Keeper was a king of dungoens..Just a clear copy of DK. So bad gamedevs should make chairs, not a games."
,Not Recommended,262280,30348190,Posted: 5 March,all,mattinacan,"Dungeon Keeper is a simple concept. Give us lots of creatures and room types, give us a huge dungeon to build out and customize until our evil hearts are content. Give us interesting enemies to strategically invade and battle. It is literally that simple. I enjoyed the dungeon creation parts, and hated all the overworld parts. Not enough dungeon creation content or freedom. More room types, spells and creatures are badly needed, more options to be creative. Less overworld parts, not fun."
76561198031754794,Not Recommended,262280,24062806,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Shacklebox,nah
,Not Recommended,262280,24980806,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Slynx Jewel,no coop vs ai. skirmishes a kinda boring. but the campaign is fun...
76561198157380589,Not Recommended,262280,24069978,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Malice,The game's graphics are really choppy.. I am running windows 10 on an alienware laptop..
76561197996991089,Not Recommended,262280,30402988,Posted: 8 March,all,Kittentits 'n' Beef,"This game would probably be great if it could get past the menu. It clearly says supported on Mac, but I guess thats not the case. There doesnt seem to be any resolution online either, although the developers know about the problem since 2015. A waste of money and an insult since I supported the first Dungeons while it was in Alpha/Early access."
76561198077526424,Not Recommended,262280,18786944,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,wickbrian0,Crash Crash What a bunch of ^#$%. im just ....Bull Sit! Fix Youer Shi...Stuff
76561198020744585,Recommended,262280,15522783,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Satyrn,Gonna call in sick to work to ply just a little bit more.
76561198052241926,Not Recommended,262280,23383507,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mafghineored,"5 mins of play, crash. 5 more mins of play, crash."
76561197993202825,Not Recommended,262280,29707999,Posted: 4 February,all,Riffraph,-Stating that the gameplay is very VERY slow feels like an understatement-Not a fan of the story/humor-Didnt bother finishing the game
76561198045778499,Not Recommended,262280,20053720,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Spirit Panda Girl csgospeed.com,"TlDR; It's nothing like Dungeon Keeper and falls off in far too many areas. Not worth over 5$.Alright to start off I have played Dungeons 1 and the special steam eddition one.I should have known after the special edition that it would not be a good game but I tried to believein Kalypso. Yeah that didn't work too well.So let's talk graphics. They are pretty decent. The landscape changes as you take certain areas in the overworld and that can seem cool for most people. However, if you do not have a good computer it will be terribly laggy when things like this happen.Minions. The minions are.. alright? I can't find the exact words to use to describe them. They need more diversity. In the original Dungeon they had quite a few interesting minions that actually had decent consepts that simply needed to be refined and expanded. There is an enchantment system where you can give a buff to your minions but the buff tends to rarely be worth anything. Even if it is worth a little something there is no heavy effect on gameplay that would make you want to search for them.Concept. The concept of sending your minons to the surface is an interesting idea but VERY poorly executed. The positioning of the characters is terrible. There is very little you can do to organize your minions and organize them for battle. You are more or less throwing them at the enemies hoping for the best.Comparison. We can compare this to a lot of Dungeon Keeper similar games but let's compare it to the ones that stand out the most. The Original Dungeon. This was what got me so into the game series. Retaking your throne from your crazy girlfriend and having tons of challenges and boss fights up to that point? It was quite a few hours of fun and while the replay value wasn't much it had a lot that could be polished. It got me looking forward to the sequals. Dungeons 2 is nothing like Dungeons. It feels more aimed at children with its very cartoonish feel. It is less dark than Dungeons 1. The Overlord or main character from Dungeons 1 is.. well gone. It may have something to do with the steam special which admitibly I didn't finish because it made me cringe with all its Lord of the Rings references and terrible gameplay. However, it is just not the sequal you'd expect at all. It feels like a new choppy game.Dungeon Keeper. The god of dungeon games. A lot of people think most games can't hold a damned candle to it and they would be right in my opinion but you have to give other games a chance. The style for most of these games was obviously taken from this then pardon my language but it is as though someone took a big steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. I have yet to see a decent revamped version of it and Dungeons 2 is no acception.But I'm rambling! Overall, the point of this is that the gameplay is not even close to worth 10$ on sale MUCH LESS 40$. You'd have to have very poor taste to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,262280,22733979,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jaxs,.
76561198013882931,Not Recommended,262280,25809729,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cosmic Cake,This isnt Call of Duty?
,Not Recommended,262280,33341407,Posted: 7 July,all,Jennie,Idiot game
76561198308553944,Not Recommended,262280,24844021,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,mervinorigin,unplayable still needs to be optimized
76561198091000891,Not Recommended,262280,24989851,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,🐸  Necrochan 🐸,My intel hd 2500 can't run this game. I'm a girl and i smoke weed.(Also i am russian)
76561198050129427,Recommended,262280,17826579,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,OGERSBANE,"an enjoyable time sink, $ per min, cheeper than a move and 10x more fun."
76561198053882759,Recommended,262280,18062882,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mr.Awesome,"great game loved the story, loved the mechanics, loved almost everything about it.  The only real complaints I have are:1. Too short wanted more campaign levels2. The hand mechanic is kind of unweildy it can be a little difficult sometimes to tell where what you are dropping will end up you might be trying to drop some monsters into the throne room to defend but you accidentally drop them into the pit."
76561197972218050,Recommended,262280,17678244,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,punt_vassius,"This game remind me Dungeon Keeper & Dungeon Keeper 2, two famous games I really loved to play when I was younger, so il you also loved these games you should try Dungeons II :-)"
76561198011863118,Recommended,262280,17657030,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Venomine,"If you want a challenege, go somewhere else. If you want a fun time, with great humor and a fantastic narrator (the one from The Stanley Parable), and a dynamic dungeon manager with decent, but not overly complicated RTS mechanics as well, buy this game. Seriously, I'm 6 straight hours in, and I have to force myself to go to sleep, I want to just keep playing. The story is well written as well, with nothing over the top, all casual but intriguing dialogue the player can easily follow along with.TL:DR, Not that difficult, but one heck of a good time."
76561198007172044,Recommended,262280,17723953,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Sumitos,"Haven't played skirmish yet, but campaign is definitely worth a playthrough alone (completed in 16h - not rushing it). Enjoyable game with (imo) a funny, if somewhat dry, narrator.If you like fantasy themed dungeon management (with a rather easy but enjoyable campaign mode), go get it imo.8/10."
76561198020183068,Recommended,262280,17639229,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Skinmann,I just completed the campaign and loved every minute of it. I am hoping for additional campaigns and not just multiplayer content. I am probably in the minority but I really like to be able to play and enjoy the game without just rushing through it and I feel like the campaign really accomplished that. I would love to see an entire campaign with the Chaotic evil and a new story to follow. The story was simple but very entertaining. I have always loved the DK games and this one just adds to that love. Keep up the great work!!
76561198011483539,Recommended,262280,17650815,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"A throughly enjoyable game with great narration and gameplay,"
,Recommended,262280,17533874,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,CPLWeeks,Just as good as the first; I love it!
76561198039929207,Recommended,262280,17559036,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,whathappenus,"Score: 8.5This is a preliminary review as I only have played for ashort time. But given that it is now on sale I might as well get my first thoughts out as I disagree with some of the negative ratings received by the game.This is a *little* and *charming* game. From what I have seen so far, worth the $20 I payed for it. I never played Dungeon Keeper so I don't have that point of reference but I played the Majesty 2 game so I felt right at home with setting tasks to the units rather than directly teling them what to do (as you would in a game like Starcraft). Here you point to a location and indicate you want to mine its gold and the game engine will assign workers to mine the gold. If you want units to fight a monster you pick them up and drop them near the monster. Once they recover from the fall they will attack nearby enemies. So the units are sort of autonomous and you have indirect control. You concentrate on improving your economy, hire units, discover locations (by sending workers to mine rocks), place traps, drop units near enemies.The game holds your hand by having a narrator telling what to do. It is not particularly funny but I don't think it is intended to be funny. It is intended to hammer the message set when you see the intro movie: the game doesn't take itself too seriously. You will not be pulling your hair trying to figure out what to do next here. The narrator tells you. I like that sort of game.Would the game be worth $40? I do not know. When I finish the campaing and when/if I get around to update the review, I will tell you. For now I can say that  for $20 it is totally worth it."
76561197993494233,Recommended,262280,17577197,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mr. Mass,"Really enjoyed this! It's no Evil Genius or DK2, but it's harmless, simple fun. There are some shortcomings, like enemy A.I. , campaign difficulty and lack of direct orders for minions, but I can see what they went for and it's overall a cool game."
,Recommended,262280,17622450,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Sharossh,"Reminds me of Dungeon Keeper 2, its not the same game but it is like DK2 little brother who tries and will do."
,Recommended,262280,17584316,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,╠Flame╣,"If you loved dungeon keeper back in the old days, you most likely will love this game too.Also the game has a great dosis of humor that i could appreciate (ref. to game of thrones).the campaign is rather short though (finished within 20 hours without rushing)i would give it a 7.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,262280,17588520,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Siidewinder,Great game. 2 playable races and the overworld aspect adds another layer that was needed. Looking forward to a possible third playable race in a future addon.
76561197989523100,Recommended,262280,16576213,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bisen,"I enjoyed it. Although I also enjoyed Impire. I like this more though. So if you don't have as strict tastes in this genre as some of the other reviewers, you'll enjoy it too!P.S. I didn't care much for Dungeons 1 though. This game is a lot more fun."
76561198039937690,Recommended,262280,16555944,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Robin (Soulkisser),"Very interesting game for Evil Dungeon lord-lovers.""Short"" to 14 hours gameplay but worth every moment if you like cheesy humor and the charm that Kalypso has made in the previous Dungeon games."
,Recommended,262280,16537948,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Silver,YESS!!!!
,Recommended,262280,16547131,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,gEGN,Nice time-killer
76561198031903307,Recommended,262280,15526822,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Pha cops,"1) Has narrator advertizing in-game for other games from the studio - Do you like to take your sweet time building up resources, training up your critters, and only then wreaking terrible havoc on the innocent countryside, cracking skulls and teasing seagulls? Well! You'll be curiously interrupted mid-stride by the narrator, your head held high, streaming shadows from every pore in your skin, all stoic-like, your orcs' axes about to swing the felling blow...to hear that you should buy another game that isn't this one, the one you're playing right now, the one you pre-ordered, the one in which you are right now wreaking havoc and recording over goodie's mix tapes whilst incorrectly pressing their pantaloons.It says buy more kalypso games...if that's not an advertizement, I don't know what is...Exhibit A: Searching ad images online, you get:""Beat the system. Buy a Volvo.""""Buy the Wall Street Journal""""Buy insurance and keep calm"" (GEICO gecko image, brand recognition)[Insert lots of company names] Buy now."" (These are ads not images for buttons, by the way.)Etc.That's right, I bought your game, gave you my hard-earned coinage, so don't come bursting through my 4th wall like the Kool-aid man; no matter how passively you do your in-game advertizing, no matter how ""just right,"" - it will be inevitably wrong.Edit: Developers worked with me in terms of feedback and asking what the middleground was. I'm still not pleased with it being there but - to their great credit - they did do the work to not just mute the entire narrator but to pull certain forms of cheeky bits and nuisances as well. I like all those bits...just not this one piece, so I have to lose to gain.2) Now, this next one is relatively excusable, however frustrating, given the game just released. It's this ""Lost connection to server"" error which drops the game and anything between now and the last save. Last ~3 hours of gameplay saw this happen 3 times with ~45 minutes of gameplay lost, at least. So, there's your caveat if you're not bothered by this other smeg.Edit: July 4th, 2015 - Still an issue. Seems to be tangibly correlated to wealth acquisition which the engine simply can't handle when coupled with all the miscellaneous bits being produced in the brewery and workshop when combined with large treasure troves. Yes I could simply not do any buildup and charge the enemy but that seems to make that little pleasure of aggrandizement a moot one, yes?3) Sign in/up screen every time you start the game. See store page for ""Incorporates 3rd-party DRM: Kalypso Launcher (Account registration optional)""Yeah, you can click to skip because it is supposedly optional, but why should I have to click to skip, each and every time? Yes you can skip it, but I just want to play the game; beam me up scotty - don't make me WALK up a light beam to the Enterprise.I mean, without an option to make the optional screen optional, then it seems I'm out of options, aren't I? Hmph.(mindblown)Analysis:If you don't mind being pulled out of immersion to be advertized to in that ""Satire being what it satirizes is no longer satire but reality."" kind of way, if you don't mind random losses of gameplay, and if you don't mind a not-so-optional-because-it-lacks-an-option-to-be-optional optional sign in/up screen, then grab a fistful of legal tender and drop it in their Treasure hole to get this party started.Otherwise, step back, and give them some time to swat some snots and drop the patches out to get rid of commercial time and the reminiscent-of-my-little-brother-being-a-jackass-in-the-pool splash screen, leaving me with a similar, but metaphorical, searing chlorine eye sheen.Done.Now then, if you remove said splash screen and in-game advertizing from the narrator, then I will happily spin me right round - like a record baby - and give this review the shoe, turning my philosophical frown upside down and recommending it straight away.Edit: And I have, as promised :) It's a reasonable go between, at least.I'll recommend it with the above caveats, that is. If you aren't bothered, then the rest is a pleasant and comedic game that is aware of the industry within which it resides."
76561197997924363,Not Recommended,262280,20364999,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Discalceate,"A good game utterly ruined by an absolutely atrocious campaign, with some utterly moronic design decisions."
76561198049103989,Recommended,262280,20362489,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,kereekerra,Fun game. Not a ton of content. Totally worth it on one of the sales. Full price not so much.
,Recommended,262280,20365568,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,"Nuts,Pls","so much fun, attack and defense , perfect combination D"
76561198151223458,Not Recommended,262280,20367214,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Hell Razer,"Great game with comical narrations, but the game is severly lacking in content and kills your PC fps wise."
,Recommended,262280,20368778,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,KorenoGamer,I really loved the old Dungeon Keeper games and this is the best adaptation of those that I have seen. I like the story aspect of it as well.
76561198063914544,Recommended,262280,20371671,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Comender Meme,Narrator said his gran could have completed the game by now while I was doing nothing.
76561197990570675,Recommended,262280,20369502,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[R] Stubb,"Entertaining, humour to say the least. And I like to play with several other themed dungeons.The thing is The creatures in each dungeon would be switched out a little if I had the opportunity.  But still it's fun and have entertained me so much I played it straight through without  switching games.Cons:-slow to start-to defend your dungeon it becomes a TD game."
,Recommended,262280,20393504,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Syrius,"If you loved Dungeon Keeper you'll love this, its exactly what I've been looking for fo years to fill the hole the DK series left with its demise.I have but one complaint, it seems very unstable, I get about half an hour between crashes. Which wilst being a bit of nusance is worth tolerating for that game itself.I picked it up on offer and it was worth every penny. The instability would have iurked greatly if I had payed full price, however this could be something specific with my system as it doesnt seem a common problem, but it is worth a mention.Verdict:DK gameplay with a healthy dose of RTS style pixie bashing, a sarcastic and entertaining narrator and a lot of rampaging evil goodness!It has room to grow, or in other words feels like it needs some DLC to add extra rooms and some other features that were found in DK (and hopefully some more new ideas, as the originality shown here has great promise)."
76561198042012741,Recommended,262280,20228773,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arhiwolf,"Its very handholdy at the start, but the further you go the more it opens up, and has a decent amount of variety."
76561197970491058,Recommended,262280,20366046,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,aranian,"Dungeons 2 is a much-improved spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper series. Calypso has done away with the goofy mechanics of feeding and harvesting heroes, and instead refocused on what a good dungeon sim is all about: committing acts of hillarious evilness. The base game doesn't have a great deal of depth and the campaign is fairly brief, so I suggest snagging it at a price point of less than $20."
76561198030530327,Not Recommended,262280,20434832,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,momentcurve,"It's certainly not a terrible game. However, the controls are frustrating and destroy the flow of the game. The narrator is too intrusive and continuously babbles along. Even worse, in the campaign there's basically always only one approach for completing the mission.The digging and dungeon building is still fun, but it feels like a second-order citizen in this campaign at least."
,Recommended,262280,20436045,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Claudinho,"ITS BEEN TOO LONG SINCE I'VE PLAYED SUCH AN AMAZING RTS/DUNGEON GAME!! 9/10Short Impressions:PROS:+ REFERENCES to Harry Potter, GoT, LoT, HIMYM and more!;+ VERY creative and fun campaign (VERY) ;+ The game mechanics are innovative and very interesting;+ Exploring and building dungeons underground is SO fun!;CONS+ I feel like it is missing content; Like new races, new units and upgrades (the current amount is just ok, though);+ The dungeon system needs improvement, its a little bit senseless and so easily countered... Most of the times is much better just to move your units to where the invaders are comming; or just build 1 or 2 trap rooms with lvl 1 traps, and thas enough to kill massive invader hords (using spider nests, for instance)+ The interface could be improved, for instace, when you have to select 30 units in your dung; you gotta pick them one by one and drop them one by one, that is boring sometimes...CONCLUSIONIf the game is at last with 25% discount it is worth! It will deliver you tons of fun, but you'll meet everything there is to know in 1 day..."
76561198030149924,Recommended,262280,20433339,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,WarFerret,"Bought this game while it was on SteamSale, 75% off. So $10. It felt repetitive even after just a few minutes of gameplay. I can see that the lack of building/room types is going to get old fast. It is a more RTS oriented Dungeon Keeper inspired clone(ish) graphics wise. If you enjoyed Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 , or Dwelvers then you might possibly like this game enough to pay $10 for it. I would NOT suggest paying any more than that for it though. It just isn't worth the $40 pricepoint of an A class game.I intend to exercise my rights to a steam refund on this one even though it was only $10. I am also going to click the thumbs UP on it but keep in mind ONLY at the price I paid for it $10 , not at its usual $40 price."
76561197960305182,Recommended,262280,20444579,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lagom,"Very fun, much evil."
76561197994232696,Recommended,262280,20396836,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Limbo,"Enjoyble dungeon management game. The RTS part was kinda hard to control thought (felt unresponsive compared to pure RTS games). But overall good game, funny dialog, nice DLC,  can recommend."
76561198018637522,Recommended,262280,20397448,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Smithhead,"Loving it so far, very funny"
76561198016984395,Not Recommended,262280,20422880,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,rumplstiltskin,Crash to Desktop when trying to load the first campaign map. Not Impressed.
76561198267511218,Recommended,262280,20404867,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Leguest,"Good multiplayer RTSIts fun to play, game is a good redisigned dungeon keeperAs a player with starcraft background it's extremely fun to play with friendsOnly one thing is upsetting:only 6 maps and max limit is 4 players"
76561198021278072,Recommended,262280,19474542,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arenor,"The only acceptable sequel to Dungeon Keeper! This game manages to keep the lovable Dk mechanics and still innovate, in the form of work units in rooms, manually upgradable units, exploration and conquest of the overworld and even multiple playable factions (2 in base game, 3 with game of winter DLC) Highly reccomended for all the Dungeon Keeper lovers!"
76561198074250087,Recommended,262280,19526764,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Senikame,Really good games but very short .
,Recommended,262280,19533216,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Quess,"easy to leand, and you can quickly lose a afternoon to this game. no great story or epic adventure, but some games are just there to give you a simple and enjoyabal afternoon. and this game excells at that.i dit have the feeling that the game was abit short.  but i still used about 11 houers for the first playhroug.i know there are planty of Let's play of the game out there. so if you still dont know if this game is you.. have a look at youtube."
,Recommended,262280,19595866,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,KauaiBoy,"I was not sure I would like the overland mode but I have to say it is a great addition to the game.  The play speed and style is great and I like the mission design a bit more than that of ""War for the Overworld"".  Though I have not tried WFTO since luanch.  Anyway, I for one think this is a great game with some new ideas for the genre.++Great since of humor, though it does ware a bit in the first few levelsGreat unitsGreat look/styleFun overworld maps--Still running into an odd brewing bugsSome maps felt a bit long  . . .could be seen as a ++"
76561198002724902,Recommended,262280,25505055,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,MDizzy,In the spirit of dungeon keeper and evil genius. Dungeons 2 takes a great idea and makes it better. Sometimes it's fun to be the bad guy.
76561198054297474,Recommended,262280,25489916,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Elis_Eris,"Story teller is very funny.Game is nice to play and loog.Gameplay is quite long and dungeon management is very fine.There is research, economy, and good combination of mosnter/enemies"
76561197986048179,Recommended,262280,25881162,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Chef Gordon Ramsay,got this on a whim ended up greatly enjoying it
,Recommended,262280,26491464,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Alegator,"First and foremost, Get Ready To Wait, this game is not a fast paced RTS by any means and strategies that end games quickly like in Warcraft3 or Starcraft are not available. That said this game is fun in a different way. Developing a dungeon has the feel of building a model railway or growing and ant colony; in that the fun is building the dungeon, not winning the level.The crashes and lag have been patched as of last month and it really is a much smoother experience now.The only complaint I really have is that factions other than horde work extremely inefficiently when developing the dungeon. The demons especially are a nightmare in terms of efficiency and it feels like they never want to do anything I tell them to.Also, strangely, while your units all feel unique with names and characters and unique bonuses that are unlocked, the heroes that come into your dungeon are insuferably dull, in that they are boring and drink lead based paint for breakfast. Fending them off feels more like a chore than an opportunity to smite intruders evily."
76561198019779711,Recommended,262280,26763272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,undren88,Loads of fun. very simple!
,Recommended,262280,29785116,Posted: 8 February,all,MeGa,"Awesome game which I preordered paying full (crazy) price! Game is really good, review is negative. Had stutter issues since release, not been able to enjoy the game. Kept buying DLC's and installing patches with high hopes, game still doesn't run correctly for me.Gtx 970, i7 4970, 16gb ram, I run ultra battlefield 1 or whatever new game you say at ultra or semiultra, 1080p.War for the overworld, which isi similar and I also own, has best performance, but I don't like it as much as this one. And that one has no negative review at all, but this one does.I gone through official support since release, lots of tickets, attempts to ""fix"" stuff on my end, etc. Not even with a different high end computer I had that problem. I was suspicious it was a problem with their unity engine, but no, it's game's problem.I had a few fps problems with Vermintide on launch, which afaik uses another not mainstream engine (autodesk Maya / Stringray) and through patches and some workarounds, performance was solved, with a game much more graphic intensive.Comparisons are always hateful, but it's a way to show the problem this game has.Negative review comes now even if I preordered years ago, why? Cause after many patches and DLC's, I tried to give this game another go! And hell it was still very enjoyable and interesting to me....but the stutter while playing, scrolling though the dungeon etc, despite less noticeable, was still there.So of course, negative review, spent idk, a total of 60-70€ in this game with all dlcs? And I cant still enjoy it having thr worse performance from most of my game's library.Also owned previous dungeons game with all dlc's, so I am not exactly a hater, haha. Nice game, you can enjoy it, or blow your mind thinking why the hell the game doesn't run as good as you would, and have to decide to keep playing with bad performance...Update: Gave thumbs up to this game after playing it again, with good / decent performance."
,Recommended,262280,23797499,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Khalagar,"A very fun game that is well made, but the optimization is extremely bad. Even on a high end rig this game runs like hot garbage. Still a good game, but they need to improve the performance"
,Recommended,262280,22536096,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,crowbarzero,"Much simplier dungeon builder than the first one. I think it would have a ton of potential, but falls short. No stress though and can make an enjoyable casual gaming experience."
76561198007336920,Recommended,262280,22742396,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Wolffire,"It's nice, good game, that live up to the Dungeon Keeper Legacy."
76561197996724777,Not Recommended,262280,22780381,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,moorpas,"so. i just finished this game.it took me maybe 8h to finish it and i was playing veery sluggish...i paid 10E for it and in my opinion it is too much. i cannot imagine paying full price for this...good thing it has some of dungeon keeper atmosphere, but its maybe 15% of it...on last 3 levels , game was working so slow  it was almost not possible to play... not mentioning 15min loading time...This game is maybe 10% of what it should be.also first thing i see after finish is DLC... so this game is worth for me 5E if they are going to push DLC like that..."
76561197978146154,Not Recommended,262280,22804657,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,tsfreaks,Decent game and mostly fun when it's not crashing on me.It certainly wasn't review worthy until I got fed up with the crashes. I've also run into some significant pathfinding performance issues which forced me to restart with all new dungeon layouts. The game actually has a number of bugs and most of which is around the pathfinding.There is also constant narration throughout the game which tries to be funny and helpful but it gets triggered while you're already doing too many things at once so you miss important messages. The narration is so bloated with meaningless bad humor that it's hard to pay attention to at times.I really don't recommend this game unless you can handle a fair number of issues. Perhaps wait until a patch and a good 50% off sale.
76561197992700081,Recommended,262280,22809266,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mikass,Great game. This is the the best Dungeon Keeper like games out there. I've played the alternatives and this one is the hands down the best. It has the coolest graphics and gameplay's solid. The voice acting is great as well.I haven't tried out the multiplayet yet. Will do that once I'm done with the campaigns.
76561198046593917,Recommended,262280,22746684,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,rayraycaron,!
,Recommended,262280,22868491,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"This game is just amazing. The jokes are so funny, gameplay is expetacular. It is a worthy successor to the Dungeon Kepper series."
,Recommended,262280,22800072,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Puking Panda,"Pretty good game, the game doesn't really hold up to the standard of the classic DK but is still very enjoyable.+Good Campaign, both the Vanilla and DLC campaign had quite a couple missions which had good build-up, were well-constructed and alot of fun to play+The narrator: Well written and quite funny to listen to.+Worker AI works very well, workers prioritize tasks very well even though you don't really have a whole lot of control over it yourself.+Lots of control over your dungeon. You can fill up corridors back up, you decide where you put your tools, you can even restructure your entire dungeon if you have enough money.~Unit variation is alright, every factions has 4 different unit types with each 3 different tiers each and potential tactics you can create with that. Problem is that fights are way too quick for you to use any real tactics like assassinating with stealth units~Faction System: Instead of 1 big faction there are now 2(+1 with DLC). While this brings some variation in game style(although not that much) the Demon faction had only 2, potentially 3, missions while the Horde factions has like 7-Bland Specializations: On topic of faction variation, while I think the Horde faction was ok, the Undead Faction really lacks the feeling of actually playing undead, sure, they are better at resurrecting their soldiers then the other factions but unlike DK 2 you can't actually turn fallen enemies into soldiers like the Skeleton or Vampire in DK 2, which I think really should have been one of it's pointers. Same with demons, they have a torture room but it's essentially useless, you can't convert enemies like you could in the old games.-It's somewhat tedious to click on things with the hand-cursor, frequently missing or selecting wrong monsters-While I liked the narrator, the story and setting itself are quite cartoon'ish and unserious, almost all the characters and even alot of the story are quite obviously a parody of popular high-fantasy settings like Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones and World of Warcraft.Despite it's flaws I liked it quite alot. I should however mention that I bought it at a 75% sale and I would really only recommend you to buy it in a sale, it's not really worth €55 euros(with DLC). It's more of a Indie game so €15 is a more appropriate price."
76561197995285223,Recommended,262280,22749819,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Chickens,"Fun and colorful.  Basically a spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper 2.  Bascially, when you're in the dungeon it's DK2.  When you sned your troops to the overworld, it's a simple RTS.  The graphics are great and the mood is light with good humor in the campaign.That said it is slower and more deliberate than your typical RTS (more relaxing).  I enjoy the pace, personally."
,Recommended,262280,22746803,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,GeoffSmites,"Very fun gameplay.Half RTS, half dungeon management sim.Very fun game, very well done.Narrator deserves an oscar for his performance.10/10. the way games should be made."
,Recommended,262280,22753245,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Inori,"Great game!Ignore negative comments, it may be slower than warcraft or starcraft but not too slow to be boringno bugs for me"
,Recommended,262280,22828636,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MetalTorsion,"The Jist: Not worth full price (currently 39.99€) at all. I Bought it at 9.99€. Scathingly worth it. Relax and chill comedic game you can't lose. DON'T expect it to be anything like Dungeon Keeper.If you played Dungeon Keeper 2, this game will interest you because you really want Dungeon Keeper III.This isn't Dungeon Keeper III. Just remove all thought of that. It's Warcraft : Orcs and Humans, with 3D graphics and some rather forced elements of DKII.You're never at risk of losing. The enemy AI is just too dumb, and even the scripting is plain easy. Nothing interesting ever happens. At no point did I ever feel unsafe in my dungeon. So much so, that the only reason I ever saved is because the game crashes occasionally.The overworld feels annoying, and the discontinuity between over and under world control of creatures is poor design. In the overworld it's classic RTS, underworld it switches to DK.The story is told by a narrator, and it's quite amusing and full of pop culture references. I actually laughed. Twice.Overall, the gameplay was not engaging enough, but it was engaging enough that I completed the campaign, and side missions. The story is amusing enough, and the voice actor did very well with the material he had. I definately feel I got my 9.99€ worth, and I don't feel like I wasted my time, but there's this burning feeling that they could have done so much MORE. I will probably buy Dungeons 3. When it's on sale. I think Kalypso did a good job. They likely just didn't have the budget to make this game great.They probably spent all their money in litigation with EA :pNote : This review does not take into account any DLC, and the experience was played without any of the DLC."
76561198052616132,Recommended,262280,16619011,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Polgara Online,"Now that i have played over 40 hours in the game andfinished the campaign  i feel that i can give an honoust review about this game.For starters...to all of those that are looking for dungeon keeper 2. Go buy dungeon keeper 2. This is not dungeon keeper 2 but this is a very fun game to play.So the pro's.The game is genuinly fun i had a blast playing it. Yes there is a campaign and the narrator willkeep informing you about that if you daddle around too long but you can take all the time you want to build up your dungeon and troops and place some defences if you desire so,I personally like the narrator's humor. The closer you get to the end the more insulting he gets.I also like the style of graphics, yes it is cartoonish but i like that style.There are however a few things that are a bit annoying at times.Mostly the loading times. It takes ages to start a new level.And maybe this was just me but in the later levels for some strange reason sometimes units just get stuck in one place while they are in the overworld. For some reason they do not understand that they can walk around a tree or a fox or whatever it is that is in theyre way but they just stand there and do nothing.Neither of these con's are so bad that they break the game in my opinion.In conclusion i give this game a big thumbs up and do hope that the guys and girls that worked on this game are planning to make another one cuz i really enjoyed myself it was a blast. So a big thank you to the developers of this game en keep up the good work."
76561198018260455,Recommended,262280,21587163,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Treacle,"Closest game to Dungeon Keeper I've played, a good sense of humour as well"
,Recommended,262280,21539780,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,|DG| DEATHFLASH,Thoroughly enjoyed this one!
76561198027372015,Recommended,262280,21536561,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gunner,"Pasable but not inspiring successor to DK, single player is way too easy with no challange at all, the skirmish mode comes down to if you can survuve the first few waves you can't lose, but surviving them is quite tricky on higher difiiculties.game itself has a few bugs but their support is happy to help and usually a few tweaks to your hardware settings corrrectl them"
,Recommended,262280,21199494,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,dqsketch,"Great Game :DI dont usually give a review, but this game keep me hook for hours, so i should give it a proper feedback,PROS:1) Great narration, Funny jokes, great refferences.2. Graphic. Give me a good feeling like playing warcraft III, and the graphic is not so boring, and the unit design are very awesome.3) Gameplay. Unique Gameplay, and also this is quite refreshing of RTS+Building SimsCONS:1) Monster type is limited.2) Limited Type of Units.3) The game might be repetitive for awhile, it needs more function, like a heroes we could level up, or maybe the heroes could take a different kind of weapon/skill/armor/etc.All in all, a pretty fun game. it could be better thought"
76561198053430117,Recommended,262280,21244155,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Newfie Edge,A Tower defense / Dungeon management game with a good sense of humor.
,Recommended,262280,21261596,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,InTheGhett0,"8.5 / 10 Quality game.As a fan of the series, I liked the incorporation of the Overworld missions as well as a change to the previous Hero mechanics. More control over dungeon baddies and a rudimentary RTS mode on the surface added a new look to a solid game that gave a solid 20 hours of gameplay.It was short lived, however, as the game lacks staying power. There are no difficulty settings and a lack of Custom Gameplay left me feeling a little ""Meh"" at the end of an otherwise enjoyable gaming experience. It felt like right when I started to enjoy the game, it was all over, leaving the game itself to feel like a 20 hour tutorial rahter than a full game.A solid bargain for $10 or less, and worth bumping up to $20 for all the DLC, but like so many other games, this game is enjoyable and almost reaches a level of perfection to make it really noteworthy, but falls just short by not having those finishes touches after End Game.Reminiscent of an old classic called ""DragonShard"" wih the Dungeons feel they established in the last 2 renditions.The shameless reference to other RPGs as a vehicle to patch up a bare bones story didn't win it any style points, but if they put the time and effort into developing this basic structure into a more sophisticated and well-rounded game with more diversified long-term options and a few more play modes, Dungeons III could be a really solid game.But not with the writing they have employed, and definitely not without more hours of game play incorporated into the experience."
76561197965343601,Recommended,262280,21017871,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,get in the van,"Fun game, sortof similar to Dungeon Keeper, but with RTS elements"
,Not Recommended,262280,21022494,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,WeaponZero,"I like the idea of a spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper series, but this falls flat. It's a lot better than the first game, but there are still loads of problems with this:- There is no sandbox gameplay (Skirmish mode is not sandbox, the dungeon area and top world are not generated but presets, so once you've beaten a level, you'll always beat it)- The voice acting and writing for campaign mode falls flat. If you want to have a ""cutesy comedy evil"" approach to the game, that's fine, but stay away from obvious and lame jokes that fall really flat. Either go for it or not, don't half♥♥♥♥♥it.- Having an overworld that plays completely differently (RTS style) while still having a dungeon to maintain is simply not a good split of focus. Is it a dungeon builder or not? For my two cents, I would throw away the overworld and be happy building dungeons all the way instead of bothering about the overworld.If you want a few hours  fun here and there and the game is on sale, then okay, consider getting it - otherwise, stay clear."
,Recommended,262280,21118626,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nomojojo,"good game, like dungeon keeper I recomend it."
76561198022514722,Recommended,262280,21858064,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BaronFalke,"What should I tell you about it?It is similar to Dungeon Keeper but not really the same.I liked Dungeons 2 without ever playing the first part.Who cares?Pros:+ The story teller is A+++ (even the german version is parfait)+ Look & Feel is great+ Story is ""good"" (especially the add-on with Mr.Snow)+ Nice characters+ Nice leveling systemCons:- Controls are sometimes unprecise (I never really know what the hand will grab)- Some Crashes- Annoying Bugs (especially the one where Mr.Snow has to collect the power from the stones - timer runs to 0.0 but game won't continue -> solution: let Mr.Snow die and repeat the process again && you are not allowed to make any actions with Mr.Snow while he is in this circle NOR you are allowed to select him -> remove him from any group and never touch him again)- Chaos fraction feels really crappy to play ... but maybe ... hm ... pretty sure ... I'm just too stupid to play them- no really long term motivation (you get only few rooms and few traps and reach the limits pretty fast)But who cares about these problems? For a low price ~15€ with all dlcs, this is a very good deal.C ya."
76561197964921657,Recommended,262280,21698018,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Trojan,"I really enjoyed this game, its one of the few games i played start to finish and enjoyed it the entire time.It's easy enough to be ""mindlessly fun"" but just hard enough not to be boring. For me it was the perfect way to decomppress after a long day of doing good."
76561198022885866,Recommended,262280,21687000,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,mutombo,"Its pretty much DungeonKeeper Light.I had fun with it, the story is nice, but ridiculously easy.If your looking for some relaxing dungeonbuilding its ok, but you wont find any challenge here.40 bucks seems a bit steep, so get it on sale like i did :)"
76561198100529484,Recommended,262280,25702219,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DarthSlay,"Great Game, a worthy successor to Dungeon Keeper. The add-on is a bit too difficult, the main game is easy to win."
,Recommended,262280,25558946,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Gh0zTN3T,this game thrives of pure nolstalga.
,Not Recommended,262280,20457025,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Karpatenhund,Not the Dungeon Keeper you're looking for.Campaign is scripted as fudge.User input feels unoptimised.Little content for 40€...
,Recommended,262280,20457202,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,lcvianna,"The game is pretty nice, but it crashes a LOT on my PC (that doesn't happen on other games)."
76561197979311493,Recommended,262280,20469682,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Silence.QC,"Very good ! I'm having a lot of fun. I even dare to say it's slightly better than Dungeon Keeper 2 (I know, I know. But I really think so)"
76561198009306306,Recommended,262280,20475521,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,aerouge,"Hah the story teller said that only 10% of buyers would finish this game... currently its 18% and I am one of them!In your face Kalypso :PDespite that... the game is fun (if you get all the Game of thrones refferences ... without those the humor is pretty stale). Nothing great to be seen here otherwise. Graphics, Music and Gameplay are a mediocre Dungeon Keeper clone and over all the game is way to easy without the possibility to ramp up the difficulty.DONT buy at fullprice ... you will be severly dissapointed.I got it around 20€ and still consider this to expansive for the quality and content delivered here.Still can reccomend it as there are no dungeon keeper follow ups and so even a mediocre clone is better than nothing(still my secret recommendation would be to get Dungeon Keeper 2 on GOG if you did not finish your 10.th campaign).Oh also... Multyplayer sucks as there is no lobby so you need to find players outside of the game to play a round. That might be the reason why only 0,3% of all players got the ""Win a multiplayer match"" achievement. Sucks ... but still better than nothing *thumbs up with a very forced grin*"
,Recommended,262280,20452390,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Skeltis,"This game is full of hilarious narration, a good story and depth of units.  The only down side (as of late 2015 and early 2016) is that there are quite a few bugs.  Units will get stuck and pushed, no big deal because you can warp them back down or just pick them up depending.  Units are not smart with work stations and will kick eachother off and sometimes rooms will not be fully utilized as a result.  The game seems to crash quite a bit right now, even though there is an auto save, you have to treat it like a 90's game in Windows 3.1 or DOS.  Save often with multiple files.  Sometimes I get an error where my units will stop interacting with everything and if I save after it wont clear the bug when I load so I have to go farther back.  I still feel the game is worth it especially for the $10 from the winter sale.  AFTER playing, I still would have payed full price and hoped for a patch for bugs later.Series Note:  This game plays a bit more like an RTS without the familiar controls even with the setting enabled.  I do sometimes miss the FPS abilities, but this was done fairly well."
76561198030437712,Recommended,262280,20491016,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,IMeantToDoThat,"This game is as close to Dungeon Keeper as it could be, I guess. Too bad I have a hard time playing through without my PC crashing -- it's fun! If your machine can keep it up, this game is a good time."
,Recommended,262280,19983443,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DragoXD,"Decided to play a ""quick"" scrimish level...Didn't realise 4 hours had passed..."
76561198037928715,Recommended,262280,25220715,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,alex.eisenhart,It scratched the itch that Dungeon Keeper started. Has about 80% of the features / rooms / creatures of DK2 but it adds a few new mechanics (like leaving the dungeon to attack the heros RTS style).
,Recommended,262280,25086810,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jhyngo VoodoÖ,This is a great game. And it certainly brings back some old skool DS1and2 feelings.Instead of focussing on the good. Because this game is worth a purhcase. i`m going to focus on the bad. You`ll work your way around it from there.
76561198085195358,Recommended,262280,25082773,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Meladiator,"Honestly, I hear that the old Dungeon Keeper was better. Can't say because I've never played it. However, I love this game. I like how they've separated the Ultimate Evil into different factions, broke down your types of troops, and leveling the ""Do Gooders"" along with your dungeon. I like how in levels like in the dlc, you cannot be too powerful (Smog), To just sweep everything like in the vanilla levels. I do have a complaint. I have played many management games like Dungeons, Age of Mythology, Civilization, and things like that, but the one thing that they have that this game doesn't, is a map randomizer and editor.If there is anything that I wanted from this game, is the non repetitive skirmish levels. With DLC you get I think 17 maps or so... which mind you is a good... I'd say... 72 hours of gameplay, along with a good 36 hours for the story and 30 for the Game of Winter DLC, but it isn't enough. I want there to be a randomizer. I want a game where the unbreakable rock formations are randomized, amount of mana formations, secret rooms; full of spiders rates, and whatnot. I want a map where you might fight Krowtoes AND Meltysand, or just Grimlin with a big cave. I want there to be a random amount of dungeon entrances, this game has poor programming no offense. If you spent a few days or so creating a seed generator like in Age of Mythology, this game would be at the top of my list; 10/10. This game has potential but they made a sandbox that ends at some point. You're testing the same creatures on the same strategies on the same exact map over and over again. Its gotten to the point that no matter what, if I play the map a second time, I know where everything is, I could tell you where the other mana vessel is on the other side of the map. I. Don't. Like. That. Yea, you can keep the old maps (Smog, Killer Penguins, Isle of Terror, Haunted Forest, etc.) but create a seed generator you know? The game does get easy at a certain point, but if so, the difficulty increase seems to be dramatic to me (then again, I can barely handle Isle of Terror on medium, let alone hard; only at the beginning). I love this game but its too dry, too much repetitivity, not enough creativity. And please oH PLEASE, put a workshop for this game. There is so much the modding community could for this game. People would buy your game not just for the DLC, but for the modding content. I could only imagine what we can do with it, you're playing the bad guy for crying out loud what caN'T YOU DO!? Its sad how story, non free world games manage a workshop and this game, a practical sandbox, management, evil game doesn't.Okay, sorry, but this game sucks after 100 hours. I only play more because I'm testing different factions on the same levels, or playing the first story mission or the last Game of Winter mission so much. Overall, great game, horrible programming, not nearly enough time put into it. It could take them a week and all these bad reviews would go away, that's all you'd need. Make it a bigger game it's way too restricted and seriously I want the online gameplay to work. I want to join a random server and beat other people senseless and compete against people I don't know. Thank you."
76561197961888729,Recommended,262280,25066309,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Crutch,"This game was the PERFECT dungeon keeper 3. I bought it when it was on steam sale and realize it was worth supporting at full cost.My only complaint is that it often crashes. A simple script added to a word file helped, but still the game sometimes crashes to windows. I saved often and this was a non issue.If you loved dungeon keeper series, then I highly recommend Dungeons 2."
76561198019501597,Recommended,262280,25079026,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,thereissomethinginmypocket,"a sweet game :)please make 100 more expansions like ""a game of winter""."
76561198018003145,Recommended,262280,21687469,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Flippy-killer,"enjoyable game.If you are bored & don't know what to play thats what you are looking for (if good sale is up).The game is quite overprice,but developper still work on it (SLOOOOWLY) ."
,Recommended,262280,24945084,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Molon labe,"Game Of The Dungeons, Lord Of The Dungeons, DungeonCraft 3, etc... The point is this game is just filled with references/easter eggs which makes it great! (Also the narrator is the same guy who voiced Stanley Parable!)"
76561198073452197,Recommended,262280,24927016,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kolyaboo,"No technical glitches, cute graphics, nice gameplay. Recommend if you remember DK2 with fondness.The narrator is a bit mouthy and corny but there is a way to turn him down or off in the options."
76561198031406961,Recommended,262280,27673851,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DreadlockJim,"Excellent game with interesting commentary, a bit like a cross between Dungeon Keeper and WOW3."
,Recommended,262280,27700413,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,angerbob,Finally somewhat worthy successor to DK2!
76561198058719986,Recommended,262280,27579203,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jezza,"Haven't played all that much of this game, but from the few hours i've put in I can say, the narration is fantastic. This isn't a game for people serious about strategy, but more for those who love a good easter egg and a laugh"
,Recommended,262280,28229154,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hox,"A psuedo-tower defense in the vein of Dungeon Keeper. Decent mechanics and visuals, though little in the way of technology and upgrades. Somewhat basic, lacking challenege, but enjoyable."
,Recommended,262280,28321787,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GrayKnighted,"I played the old Dungeon Keeper series. This is an even better rendition, but when it comes down to it, it fell a little short of advancing the original game. New graphics, new concepts, all wonderful. I loved the different races, and enjoyed the gameplay. The storyline has a very tongue in cheek humor that I appreciate. Overall a good game, but it had the bones to be a great game if they had pushed the development a little further. I played it through once and I was done, but if it had a multiplayer human v. evil component, I could see myself playing this for months here and there. As it is now, after initial play through, it is just a dust collector."
,Recommended,262280,27554365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jakebray29,"Excellent game, very easy to waste countless hours crafting the perfect dungeon and getting all your rooms to their maximum level of upgrades and intricacy. Definitely worth the money and then some."
76561198060433751,Recommended,262280,27880579,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,The newest version of the game and its also just OK. Another dungeon builder with more to do and newer graphics. Not bad for the right price!
76561198039325168,Recommended,262280,28440879,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Horatio,"3.5 stars. Barely enjoyable. Don't buy this without -75% discount (the bundle).Pros:Graphic is not bad, although I don't like cartoon style.Narrator is good.The idea of the ""surface"" is not bad.Cons:Too few types of creatures and spells.Too few population points.There is still a certain amount of fun of ""building a dungeon""."
,Recommended,262280,27036941,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Void Drakaza,Having played and enjoyed the first dungeons and this one is just as funSpent most of the night playing it even then i wanted to just keep going
76561198118189652,Not Recommended,262280,25487840,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,copp1986,Started out quite fun.  A game of Winter?  Not worth it.
76561198060810907,Recommended,262280,27256438,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xriss79,The story line is hilarious and the comintator is even better
76561198081202728,Not Recommended,262280,28953670,Posted: 2 January,all,Ceberus,"Where to begin, the Dungeons(1) had a brilliant idea where you had to lure heroes to your dungeon and ooh and ah them to fatting their bags of gold then you get to kill them - the joy factor around this was it was very close to the legendary Dungeon Keeper of Bullfrog BUT it was still unique in their own way, with Dungeons 2 they tried to much to the Dungeon Keeper name, yes indeed they did have some unique features to the game but they killed their title buy removing so many decals that you could build and make and intently luring the hero victims.The + points: The narrator of the game with his humor was a major element of the game, the idea you control the minions or demons was a nice idea. The - points: this is a very very very short game, very limit rooms and traps and units in the one hand.The game does offer a skirmish option but it the fun factor dies in 10 minutes"
76561198253916407,Recommended,262280,32020656,Posted: 28 May,all,Drlolzorz,"Very fun, very well planned out, beutifull graphics, very challenging, I've had many experiences with economic depressions, and losing over twenty orcs, but you learn how to avoid these things. Overall I give 4.5/5 stars to Dungeons 2"
76561197975011895,Recommended,262280,33388550,Posted: 8 July,all,Hokus,"I like this game.It feels like the original, the humor works, the gameplay is decent.It is a RTS, and somewhat classic.You have your underworld where your basebuilding takes place, create and furnish rooms, hire creatures, upgrade and train. Most of the management in the underworld are indirect, you set a piece of ground to be demolished and a minion will do it once it has the time, (and you can slap them to work faster). In the real world there is direct control of your troops, that is not different from many other (older) RTS games. The differemce is that you have left your base, with parts (or all) of your army, but you can still be raided, so remember your traps.Most of the humor is expressed through the narrator, that have the role of reminding you of your assignments/tasks, so you will always have an idea of what will progress the story and are both entertained and helped."
,Recommended,262280,32329957,Posted: 10 June,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,"Mechanics, gameplay nor controls (PC or controller) are buggy at all.ONLY thing that is not very rewarding is the campaign, but the game could stand up for itself without it."
76561198001748969,Recommended,262280,30190155,Posted: 26 February,all,vitalyo,"I am a big fan of Dungeon Keeper, it was one of my favorite games when I was growing up. I must say Dungeons 2 doesn't dissapoint, it is just like Dungeon Keeper, with better graphics, good humor, and an interesting campaign. I also like the new bells and whistles that were added to the game, like topside combat and entering caves/dungeons for extra missions. Overall I would recommend anyone who likes Dunegon Keeper to get this game."
,Recommended,262280,25153482,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Pianoprince,"I absolutley Love!!! this game. It has the feel of both a tower defence, and a rts. I can not stop playing, and the narrator is hilarious. My only complaint would be that the Snots do not work fast enough!"
,Recommended,262280,15857793,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,"The game is finally fixed! By Jeebus it took long enough though! I've deleted the old negative review since it's no longer relevant, but this game launched with some real issues and it took a loooong time for the devs to fix them. It's a good game, but maybe wait a few years before buying a Kalypso game in future, apparently that's how long it takes them to fix their bugs... still, kudos to them for coming back and fixing it, I honestly thought they had abandoned it! Great game now!Some Really Good Things:=*= Rebind-able Keys!=*= Runs at a fairly solid 50+fps on max graphical settings in a full dungeon, which is quite serviceable for a management game.Couple of other gripes, they don't destroy the game but it would be nice if they were fixed:there's no option to turn off mouse scrolling, so there is a tendency to scroll across the map when trying to select the spells on the bar at the right.The animations on the lust demons seem to break allot, and are just plain bad most of the time, the way the whips are animated is particularly derpy.Very occasionally it seems to stop letting me click to mine tiles, it's only happened a couple of times but it's kind of annoying when it does.Still a really good game though, and I hope they keep updating it to polish out the rest of it's minor flaws."
,Recommended,262280,33061806,Posted: 30 June,all,ucom,Nice SP gameplay tho would have loved some CO-OP
76561198119024105,Recommended,262280,32843660,Posted: 26 June,all,+_ReichZ_+,"I love how the game telling story. It's not boring and concept of this game. It's wonderful!  Finally, I can play as monster from mmorpg ><"
76561198133592991,Recommended,262280,33844818,Posted: 27 July,all,DESTROYER,this game in short has been what i personally think is a master piece i have not seen a better game than this in such a long time yet it becomes a tad bit stale after the campaign is finished and i feel the difficulty of the game of winter to scale a bit to much personally but beside that i would recomend this to anyone any part of this game dlc or base game content
76561198118399559,Recommended,262280,34403673,Posted: 21 August,all,The Dutch Reapah,"love the game,lots of comedy with a resource managment and good battles and alot of thinking about your defences"
76561198079466965,Recommended,262280,35288899,Posted: 29 September,all,EL.Toro,i wish the narrator was my dad
76561198078602284,Recommended,262280,35308082,Posted: 29 September,all,Zion,"Very recommended !Fun and funny, great for Game of Thrones fans.I wish there were more types of rooms and monsters, but this game go for quality not quantity.I didn't play Dungeons 1 but I already pre-ordered Dungeons 3."
76561198106132808,Recommended,262280,35484198,Posted: 4 October,all,vasisdas85,Was playing for 24 hours out of last 32. Just can't stop. 10/10 IMO.
76561198372778218,Recommended,262280,35457369,Posted: 3 October,all,Overlord,"Very nice and good game, beautiful graphics, easy to play. Recommend. I already preordered Dungeons 3. :)"
