user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,262390,9578053,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,[bYa]Fox,If Mirrors Edge and Sonic decided that they wanted to have a baby but then megaman x was upset cause he always wanted to have a baby with mirrors edge so he inserted nano machines to make the baby a bit more like him this game is what you would end up with!
76561198027736702,Not Recommended,262390,9719722,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Nomad,"Solid core mechanics betray asinine gameplay decisions and ""a speedrunner's dream"" that ends up relying on memorization more than reflexes.So, I started out liking Cloudbuilt, minus the plot that adds absolutely nothing to the game. Flashy levels and fast paced gameplay hits you right away as soon as you leave the tutorial, and immediately, you begin to die. You will die a lot in Cloudbuilt, but it takes the Hotline Miami aproach of giving you absolutely no downtime in between lives, a wise decision but one that is ultimitely undone when the game forces you to either restart the level, disregarding any checkpoints you've passed so far. Oh yes, you have lives. Want to know how many lives you currently have? Too bad. While you do have at least 15 or 20, you go through them so quickly, especially when you are first learning the ropes, that getting hit with that menu out of nowhere with those two equally confidence sapping messages can leave you wanting to put the game down for awhile.Eventually however, you begin to train yourself to fire at mines while wall running, timing the wave cannons, and keeping an eye on the ground for crawlers through any foilage that might be obscurring them. You learn that if there aren't any lateral platforms to jump to, find the nearest vertical wall, because its more than likely you've reached a tower-like segment. That inital building of skill is a wonderful feeling rare in an environment of casualization like the modern Videogame industry.Then the midgame begins and you realize the game you're playing has changed.Tracks with clear paths and obsticles give way to tight corridors filled to the brim with mines, moving laser gates, undodgable sniper turrets, homing, shielded laser cannons that will follow you around, and other enemies that make sure you will take damage on your first run throughs, if you can get past them at all. And boy, do they do damage. You have no invincibility period between hits, so your life can be drained in under a second if you hit the right obsticles. And you will because, while the game up until then has valued a fast pace with a look-while-you-leap mentality, obsticles begin to be placed right around corners, on the walls of verticle wall-jumping sections where visibility, manuverability, and aiming is limited, all of this with that invisible life counter ticking away. You quickly begin to relearn the core tenants of what got you this far, at least until you've memorized most of the enemy placements, but thats the problem: Throwing yourself against this brick wall until you learn all of its nooks and crannies sucks any tension, real skill building, and fun out of the whole experience, especially when that goddamn menu forces its way onto the screen.Its not that Cloudbuilt is a bad game. It just feels extremely unfocused very quickly. Take the jetpack for example: Its your main way of navagating terrain and obsticles, but its charge is limited, requiring you to be on a solid, horizontal surface to charge. This would be fine, except there's no real way to know how much you'll need for the obsticle ahead, so you might use half your bar traversing a wallrunning segment, only to need more than half to climb vertically to continue. This leads to moments where you're standing completely still after a failed verticle climb, waiting for your jetpack to recharge, surely taking damage if any enemies  are around.And speaking of damage, your gun is next to useless. That's usually not a problem because a skilled player can manuver around enemies and their bullets with relative ease, but sometimes the game will force you along a linear path filled with enemies and your gun, which can't even take out most dangerous enemies like the wave canon with a charged shot -if you have enough time to charge it at all, is simply not up to the task of defending you. You might suggest rapid firing the weakest shot ala Megaman, except your gun also has ammunition that must recharge after five shots, as much as it takes to kill the first enemy introduced. God help you if there are two of them. Shooting at targets while moving and dodging obsticles is hard enough, but when the reward for successfully doing so is minimal, it shifts focus to attacking the most dangerous enemy in the area first, which would be fine, but again, before long the level designs become such that you cant see what's coming, leading to more reliance on memory.It all ends up feeling like its pulling in two different directions. On the one hand, you have the need to traverse the level, kill enemies, beat your best time, and look cool doing so, but on the other you have this whole resource management aspect that, frankly, takes more from the game then adds to it. Balancing these two might be possible if you could see what's ahead and plan your moves accordingly, but again and finally, you can't unless you've played the levels enough to have memorized a good deal of them, and I just don't find that fun.But you might! Its definitely worth a try, but don't spend your money unless you're absolutely sure."
,Not Recommended,262390,10665924,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Vex,"This is a game clearly made by a team of people that love precision platforming games--that much is obvious, and I will always applaud any team that makes a game out of love. Unfortunately, in trying to make a unique contribution to the genre, they've added a lot of needless complication and frustration that serve only to make the game inaccessible to new players and frustrating for all the wrong reasons. The overall premise is great, and the visual style is very fresh, but being that this is a precision platformer, the devil's always in the details.First off, while the controls themselves are serviceable, and I feel like I could learn them just fine given the practice, the ""rules"" for how I interact with the world feel a little loose. Hands down the number one cause of failure I experienced was accidentally performing wall climbs when I meant to perform wall runs, and vice-versa. This interaction is controlled entirely by the angle your mouse is at as you approach it--point mostly straight-on to run up the wall and at an angle to run along it. Unfortunately, being a little too far one way or the other can mean you do the entirely wrong thing, wasting a substantial amount of boost bar at best or dying at worst. This was particularly frustrating when almost every wall in the game is blatantly placed for either climbing or running but not both--I knew what I wanted to do, the game knew what it wanted me to do, but the difference of a few degrees wrecked everything. Again, I know these aren't problems a pro would ever deal with, but as a scrub I'd appreciate some fudge room--maybe let walls that I'm ""supposed"" to run across fudge the angle a bit so I only run across them unless I come at them really straight. I know I'm a scrub, I won't ever get an anywhere near ""good"" time on a level without busting my♥♥♥♥♥ but I'd rather fail because I made a bad decision or reacted poorly, rather than because the controls are merciless.Speaking of merciless, I'm having a hard time seeing how it helps the game more than it hurts to have a limited boost bar. I mean, I can only assume it's limited because so many other games with similar mechanics have limited boost bars, but did the team ever stop to ask whether it was really necessary for THIS game? Any wall that's longer than one bar's-worth of boost has a full-boost-refill powerup halfway across it anyway, and I can still only jump once more in the air regardless of how much boost I have, so what does it hurt? The only thing that would be lost is limiting my ability to run straight up walls, but that's already taken care of in the level design--there aren't any walls that I could ""cheat"" by having unlimited boost, and if there were, putting a limit on specifically running up walls seems like a better solution. At the end of the day, the only thing the limited boost bar does is send rookies and experimenters plummeting to their deaths when they run out of meter mid-jump because they were a little inefficient--would it be so bad to let them finish the level anyway and just give them a D, rather than let them make ZERO progress?The inclusion of enemies and shooting mechanics was an interesting one, but there were a number of details to it that were just baffling. First, I still have zero understanding of when enemies shield and when they don't. The fact that they seem to put up a shield when I KILL them rather than when I'm fighting them makes zero sense, as does the rules for when they revive. Is it on a timer? Is it when I get more than a certain distance away? I even encountered an enemy that chases me constantly with a shield up that never goes down until I get hit by it--that simply felt like a glitch, because I couldn't figure out any other way to deal with that enemy, which was a jarring break in the flow of the game. Perhaps the most needlessly frustrating enemies were the invincible missile-launchers that constantly fire persistent but destructible homing missiles. Why, of all enemies, would THIS be the one that I cannot destroy--the one enemy that I don't have the option of outmaneuvering and escaping? The enemy that, uniquely, can attack me from behind if I try to outrun it? In a game all about speed and agility, having an enemy that would EVER force me to stop, turn around, and shoot down an incoming missile seems like a mismatch. Really, the enemies are mostly fine, there were a few that made me question how much thought went into their design.Perhaps the biggest frustration: why are there limited retries? I understand that If I were actually good at this game, I wouldn't need any retries at all, but I'm not, so I'm perfectly happy just trying to finish the level AT ALL and collect my D-rating. They were smart to include both static and custom checkpoints, AND a one-button instantaneous reset (which is great, and I think it should be standard to the genre) but a limited retry system on top of that serves no purpose but to frustrate the players that need retries the most. And then, paradoxically, the reward you get for getting high ratings on levels is... more retries! Does it make much sense that I only get more retries by proving I DON'T need them?Lastly--and this is a minor quibble--while I found the little story wrapper that they came up with compelling, the monologues between levels had a little TOO much navel-gazing for my tastes. I always appreciate having a bit of narrative to chew on, but they might have been better served by going for something a little more understated.Ultimately, I do respect this game for the love that went into making it, but because of its unusually unforgiving systems and somewhat scatterbrained design, I can't recommend it to anyone but diehard precision-platforming fans."
76561197972960129,Recommended,262390,9603217,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Shoryukinzel,"This game is absolutely my jam.  Most people will liken it to either Mirror's Edge or a Sonic game, which are both appropriate, but for some reason this game to me feels exactly like a 3D Megaman X game should.  The atmosphere, soundtrack, and moveset all work well (for the most part) and make a very compelling product.Ordinarily, I strongly prefer using a gamepad to play action games like this.  However, at the time of this review, Cloudbuilt doesn't have full controller support.  The team says they're working on it, but honestly I think it may be for the better that it doesn't support gamepads yet.  The level design is heavily dependent on the user's ability to control the camera quickly and precisely while jumping, and I could see a bad gamepad interface design making the already brutal difficulty level of the game even worse.  Better that they take their time to make the feature perfect.Speaking of the level design, as I say above, the levels are extremely difficult.  This is definitely a speedrunner's game, with the goal of each stage being to get from the start of the level to the end as fast as possible.  However, the levels provide many ways around obstacles, and clever players should be able to find still more ways to get through.  In the fairly rare instances where there is only one path forward, the game unfortunately makes that path unnecessarily punishing with enemy/obstacle placement that usually means instant death if you make any mistake.The game also makes some weird design choices.  You have a limited number of lives for doing stages (if you run out you have to restart the stage from the beginning instead of checkpoint), which is unusual in modern games of this ilk.  But what's weirder to me is that you increase this limit by completing stages with good rankings.  Basically, the way to get more lives is to not need them.  Enemies take a lot of effort to kill in this game (some are indestructible, and others have shields), but can often be disabled fairly easily once you know the trick.  The point here seems to encourage the user to find other ways past the enemies, but when the game throws several of them at you it can be very difficult to figure out how to proceed, especially after a checkpoint where losing a life may mean having to redo the first part of the stage."
76561198087221741,Recommended,262390,19355967,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Shady Fountain,"I feel the need to preface this by saying that, while I do enjoy fast paced games, I’m really not a speedrunner. That being said, I’m completely in love with Cloudbuilt. This game is gorgeous, has fantastic level design and the soundtrack is one of my absolute favorites. On the surface, it may be a niche game for speedrunners, but there’s more to it – if you’re up for the challenge.Cloudbuilt gives you all the tools you need from the start, and promptly kicks you out the door letting you figure out how you’re going to use them. It has a steep learning curve you will certainly smash into face first pretty early on – it can be frustrating, but is still manageable. There are countless paths to take, there’s no time limit, and you don’t need to do anything more than to complete a level to progress. After completing a level for the first time, various game modes are also unlocked that make some fun, or in some cases more challenging, alterations to the gameplay. I think they also encourage players to learn more of the mechanics, like conserving energy (rather than recording your time, it tracks your energy consumption – as someone who enjoys puzzles, this is probably my favorite mode), and finding other routes or ways to deal with enemies. Or, if you’d rather just zoom through the level with nearly unlimited energy, there’s a mode for that too. A story develops along each branch that seems to be pretty hit or miss with most people, but I thought it was a really great way to tie everything together.Outside the game, there’s a level editor, and small, but absolutely fantastic community. A number of players (including many of the top players and some of the developers) still frequent the forums and subreddit who are more than happy to chat about the game and provide tips, tricks, or even just some encouragement.This game is fast paced, but has elements that may appeal to those with an interest in puzzles and exploring as well. I’d recommend it to anyone looking for a 3D action platformer who’s ready to test their mettle."
,Recommended,262390,16324150,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ntrf,"Some people might say that Cloudbuilt is created for a very specific audience, but i don't believe this.Over and over people, who bought the game, writing post in discussion board saying ""Game too hard, make it easy"". In less than a week ALL of them confess they actualy made it through. And if you ask them about specific problem that stoped their progress, they say ""I already made it. It turned out to be easy."" Read the [url]comunity discussion board[/url] if you don't believe me.So if you expect yourself to complete tihs game within 8 hours (because you usualy do in other games) - you won't. You will complete it after 8.5 hours the next day.I believe Cloudbuilt is for everyone. The only way to fail in this game is to stop playing."
,Recommended,262390,15148239,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Attempting to learn Cloudbuilt is like scaling the face of a cliff with your bare hands. It offers no assistance, no guidance, and relentlessly beats you down to where the game can begin to feel almost hostile. There’s so much going on within a given level moving so fast and incomprehensibly, that getting your bearings can seem an impossible task in a game designed for a higher class of player. But Cloudbuilt’s most apparent problem is also one that’s almost entirely frontloaded, and once I made it over that wall and could peer over the whole of the game, Cloudbuilt evolved into one of the most endlessly satisfying and expanding games I’ve played in a very long time.The controls that felt initially clunky began to showcase their ingenuity, inputs feeling natural and smooth as I chained moves together in a blur of animation. I stopped having to even consider which buttons I’d press and when, merging with my character to where her actions became an extension of myself. That’s not to say I no longer slip up, but those mistakes are now fully my own carelessness rather than the fumbling of button presses. And when I do land that perfect run, the feeling is incredible.Cloudbuilt gives you such a control over your character that the act of pulling an insane jump or sequence of wall runs is that much more of a personal accomplishment. I was never coddled or helped along, which caused the first few hours to be a gauntlet of painful ineptitude, but once I grew past that point every success was entirely the result of my own skills versus the game giving me a helping hand. It’s a distinction that makes even just a basic series of jumps gratifying, each movement feeling intensely connected to my own input. Cloudbuilt is addictive not because of a daily grind or manipulative elements of its design, but purely how amazing it feels to do well at it. I’m not sure I could name another game that has given me such an intoxicating sense of satisfaction, calling me back even after I’ve played through every level because I just can’t get enough.A lot of that is definitely owed to the wondrously and intentionally exploitable level designs. Though there have been games designed around freerunning before, Cloudbuilt is the first I’ve played that embodies its focus on experimentation and versatility. Levels are designed for the express purpose of speedrunning with a speedrunner’s mindset. Branching paths extend in every direction, directly incorporating the sort of impossible shortcuts and unorthodox approach to levels speedrunning is built upon. I wanted to replay levels because I knew there was always some way through I hadn’t tried; some faster run yet to be discovered, providing with it a glimpse at how enjoyable speedrunning can be without requiring I break the game or even be very good at it.Everything in Cloudbuilt has such a sense of purpose, of perfect connectedness and intelligence. Your moveset and the levels you use it within compliment and expand upon each other. Small aesthetical touches like the colors of objects and enemies lend a great amount of readability to level designs, converging for the point of ensuring you’re forced to slow down as little as possible. The only thing Cloudbuilt does poorly is teaching you how to read a level and use the tools it gives you. It’s a challenging game to begin with, and requiring players largely figure it out on their own means many will likely give up early on before they arrive at the point of clarity several hours in.That moment of comprehension never does arrive for the narrative unfortunately, regardless of how long you spend analysing it. Its method of delivery, that being narration after completing a level, is bland and exists in a space that almost begs to be skipped over, written in a style that’s verbose and crudely philosophical. There are themes worth discussing here, like the military’s abuse of its soldiers and the moral implications of experimenting on an comatose patient even if for the purpose of saving them, but they’re overwhelmed by wordy introspection that always seems to circle around and arrive at no conclusion. Perhaps it’s accurate for a character effectively trapped within their own head, but it’s no less difficult to digest and seemingly unconcerned with whether you pay any attention to it or not as it rambles on.Cloudbuilt is one of the most remarkable games I’ve played in years. It’s also one of the most difficult to appreciate without committing yourself to a great deal of hardships. I wouldn’t be the least surprised if they proved too much for some players, but they’re troubles that exist all but entirely within the first few hours of play, standing as a barrier to an otherwise astoundingly intelligent and enjoyable game. I’ve yet to have a session of Cloudbuilt where I didn’t come away having discovered a new layer to its design or be even more interested in coming back again. Arriving at that point was unquestionably brutal, but having gotten to the other side of Cloudbuilt hurdle of comprehensibility, I’m extremely glad I stuck around to see it.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Recommended,262390,9896097,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Wobs23,"This game is a perfect blend of speedrunning, platforming, and combat. The amount of ways you can take on any one level is astounding and the soundtrack, oh god the soundtrack is one of the best I have ever heard in any game. I would totally recommend this game to anyone who enjoyes platformers or speedrunning."
,Recommended,262390,11214482,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Cloudbuilt is a mix of platforming and free running by way of running along sides of walls and big jumps and moves. Fast paced when you get real good. Though the player will know that they are in for some major challenge with this game when the tutorial is even tough to get through without screwing up a move. Don’t read that as a negative, because after all don’t many gamers want a game to last and give them some challenge?If you’re looking for some challenge then you are coming to the right place. Cloudbuilt offers a strange world many levels high above the clouds where a missed move will send the players character plummeting into oblivion.With a pleasing cell shaded style of art the game is easy on the eyes.Jumping right into the game settings, there is not too much you can play with but there are a few things that are very useful for this game. There is a field of view setting so you can see more of the world, when it comes to the free flowing, sometimes fast paced action while you’re running , jumping and trying your hardest not to fall, the field of view is your friend.There is mouse sensitivity, and you can even tweak it so you can make the X and Y just the way you want them.  You can even invert the different X and Y axis if you are one of those players that must do that for the controls to make sense for you.  There are other control and controller options available as well. Along with this there is of course the standard graphics setting and draw distances, so depending on your system you can crank up the resolution and really have some wonderfully eye catching graphics.The story is simple and straight forward. The main character is in hospital in a coma. She has found a way to move past her body and project herself into other places in a mental mind energy version of herself. One can venture to say the levels are a metaphor for her broken body and mind, and some part of her is laboring to bring herself and her body back from this coma.The gameplay as noted can be very challenging, in fact if you’re a gamer that gets easily frustrated due to having to try several times to get past certain obstacles, you may not want to step into these virtual shoes. On the other hand if you just love that feeling of accomplishment of getting past particularly difficult jump and run sequences, then you are going to love Cloudbuilt.The character you control is very nimble so timing and getting a feel for just how fast you’re on screen self reacts to your presses and mouse moves is a must for success. Because there are times when you have to be extremely precise in the moves to advance. Some of the dastardly created obstacles and sequences seem to be darn impossible if not for our on screen character abilities and a special power suit that enhances her already impressive moves.The power suit does have limited energy so knowing or deciding on just when to use this valuable resource is up to you as the player and there are plenty of places that the suit saves you from having to start the area over again.Believe me you do not want to have to start over again. This is one of those games that the checkpoints are very far apart.So when you fail and have to start over at a check point, well you have a lot of the game to go through again. On the flip side, you should get very good at it from all the practice you will be getting. Cloudbuilt offers some interesting platforming, giving us a simple old school presentation to push the story along.Cloudbuilt succeeds remarkably in proving that how a game feels and what you do within it can tell stories all on their own. The monologues contextualise the gameplay, and knowing that Demi is pushing through her own recovery maps cleanly onto the difficult jumps, complicated wall-runs and well-placed shots. Cloudbuilt is a game in which you'll die a lot, and that's not an accident. Demi's progress is slow and painful. Yours will be too, but that in itself carries meaning. Sometimes the quiet, narrow victories are the most meaningful."
,Recommended,262390,11644322,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Sape,"♥♥♥♥ing great game. If you like hard games and going fast, then this is for you. The skillcurve is pretty steep at first but the movement is insanely fun especially once you get good at it. Controller is supported but not recomended for higher level of play.Also the devs are very cool people that are open about what their plans are and they respond to any problems you might find :)"
,Recommended,262390,13031734,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ztokdo,"This is what sonic and mirrors edge should have been.  Its a speed Runners dream.Non-Linear levels. Check.  Guns. Check.   Rocket Pack. Check.   Gorgeous graphics. Check.   Challenging play. Check.  Multiplayer support/mac support. Nope.   This game needs a race mode vs friends.  Other than that,  my kind of game.  Like Demon souls, Dark souls, Ninja Gaiden and Mirrors edge put together.  Don't expect a video game to hold your hand and make you feel good.  This one is not for the faint of heart.  You will think you are good. The early levels are not too hard, you think. It will push you.  You will get quicker reflexes.  You will learn how to aim on a dime.  You will fail a lot.  You will cry.  You will overcome.  You will excel.  You will get rebuilt.  YOU WILL GET CLOUDBUILT."
,Recommended,262390,32784374,Posted: 25 June,all,500kbps,"Cloudbuilt is a great game.Level wise it has a lot of variety and challenging difficulties.The design of the levels are clever, you can take different paths/routes and challenge yourself to set faster times on the public leaderboards.As a person who's (VERY) bad at parkour platformers am really enjoying Cloudbuilt.There is definitely a learning curve to the game, getting used to the controls can be tricky if you've never played a game like Cloudbuilt before.Nonetheless, you feel so satisfied after beating a level and knowing you've made it.The only con I can think of is the cutscenes. Each time you finish a level you get prompted to watch the same cutscene but with a different voice line. You can easily skip those by pressing any key though.I bought this game on sale for $4.99, I'd advice anyone to definitely pick this game up at any price though."
76561198018445015,Recommended,262390,12987200,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Cream Toast and Stroopwafels,"Can best be described/reviewed as a bunch of exclamated statements.Wall running!  Jetpacks!   Auto aim that you need half the time!      Speed running!     3D platformer! Mines! Troll-y Turrets! Random tank things! Lasers! Purple Electricity!    Falling off edges the other half of the time! Because You're twit!     Jetpacks! Beautiful Cel Shaded graphics! Thing that shoots homing balls that should have less health! Super fast respawns! Checkpoints!   Many different routes!   Occasional terrain glitch like standing on a buzzsaw! Buzzsaws! Come to think of it, all the enemies are to some effect♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ some greater than others! Great Soundtrack! Sensitive agility and mobility! Recommended speedy reactions on the part of the squishy thing behind the screen on the keyboard! Controller Support! Replayable modes! Jetpacks!Now More Accessible to newer players of the precision platform genre!I think that pretty much sums it up."
,Recommended,262390,13654784,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sequest,"yeah i havent played for long but heres my view, game is awesome,I'm here for some IL speedrunning, so i couldnt care less about the story and while I have a LONG way to go, I can already tell that I will love this. Great mechanics and interesting level design where routing will be as much fun as execution"
,Recommended,262390,10739191,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ghost_Train,PROS: In-Game mobility & agilityCONS: Real-life mobility & agility
76561198055517936,Recommended,262390,31498546,Posted: 1 May,all,BubblesRRJ,"From an artist's viewpoint, Cloudbuilt is beautiful. The scenery is breathtaking, the character design is awesome, and the music is gorgeous. The gameplay is thrilling - if you can get it down right. The game requires you to find ways to basically cheat the system in order to obtain any true ranking in the games leaderboards, which is a detriment to its credibility. That being said, it manages to convey a sense of speed that hasn't been felt since Sonic's days on the Genesis. You move fast - and it's fantastic!It becomes obvious very quickly, though, that the devs focused way more on gameplay than storybuilding. You are Demi, a young woman (child soldier?) who is comatose in what seems to be an abandoned hospital building, seemingly all alone and recovering from a major injury. Other than that, very little is to be learned about Demi or the world she lives in, let alone the war she fought in or why she is so invaluable to the cause as to be placed in what seems to be a very expensive recovery program. Every level you play with Demi is implied to be a simulation in her mind, either by her own willpower or by the technology being used to heal her. There are different routes to be taken in the game, each with a different ending. But those endings still don't explain much at all, and they seem to serve only as alternate perspectives Demi can develop while in stasis. Should a sequel to Cloudbuilt ever be made, I would certainly hope the devs consider expanding on Demi's character development, as well as the world she lives in. I would have loved to have seen even one more character, but no such luck with Cloudbuilt. It was a game made for speedrun competition online, not as an immersive, story-driven platformer. Even so, despite its lack of narrative and expansion, it was an enjoyable, if difficult, game."
,Recommended,262390,12972306,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,FattyJoker,"Simply excellent. A high speed space puzzle about a veteran going through obscure obstacles in her dreams while lying unconcious in post wound rehab. When I write ""high speed space puzzle"", I mean every word of it. Most levels will equally demand the best from your reaction and your space orientation skills. And while there are obviously pre-designed routes, you are welcome to ""break"" them in every way you can to reach your goals in most optimum way. Cloudbuilt is everything you would expect from a good indie game: challenging, stylish, addictive and filled to its top with freedom. It has its little fallouts and some ""garage-feeling"" here and there, but not enough to bring even the slightiest shadow on its beauty."
,Recommended,262390,24102396,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DaBoneMan,"Let me begin by saying that I don't recommend this game...unless you fit at least some of the following:You don't suck at video games:I'm not saying you need to be mlg 360 no-scoping in your sleep, but this game absolutely requires fast reflexes, spot on  timing, and solid mouse control. You will not finish this game without a decent amount of skill.You don't like being limited by the plebs:Are you a video game based god? Does it irk you that games are dumbed down for the slow fingered masses? Well CloudBuilt features open level designs that allow you to complete stages in record times -- if you're good enough.You gotta go fast:Oh baby, CloudBuilt doesn't just let you go fast; it demands it.You love topping leaderboards:Cloudbuilt isn't a particularly long game if you're at least decently skilled. It probably took me around six hours to complete all the levels, including the more challenging ""Battle"" and ""Remix"" bonus levels. However, if you get a kick out of optimizing lines for that extra millisecond, you will pour hours upon hours into this game. That being said, some of those leaderboards stand mighty tall. If you want something a little more bite sized the game's own ranking system will prove to be a fair challenge.You like interpreting the story.Cloudbuilt's story is, in many ways, secondary to the gameplay. That's not to say devs didn't show it a little love. Your character's mental musings play nicely into the developing gameplay, and the voice acting, while occasionaly under-emotive, is very solid. The story progresses as you follow different ""paths,"" representing different lines of thought, in the game world. The thoughts and the paths end up meshing into a nice blending of story with gameplay. Dark thoughts, for instance, mean darker, more sinister level design. Moreover, several endings can be discovered at the finale of each path, and it remains up to the player to decide which ending is the true one. (I personally picked ""Dreams"" for the curious). All told the story remains a somewhat sparse, but very welcome, addition to the game.You like distinctive art directions:The devs made the wise choice of aiming for an almost surrealist art direction -- it looks absolutely lovely, ensures that the game almost always plays at a buttery 60, and meshes nicely with the story of the world. One particular overlay effect will likely seem jarring for the first minute or so, but I found it faded quickly in the background before ultimately feeling normal in the game's setting.You like a game made with a little love:Cloudbuilt isn't perfect. It's short, its story is sparse, and it suffers from the occasional ledge grabbing gameplay quirk. Yet each level was loveling crafted with multiple obvious paths, several hidden paths, and then a few more paths that take advantage of game mechanics that the player was never even specifically told. Movement has been carefully polished until it actaully gleams -- I could almost always intuitively know the distance I would travel and where I would land. By the end of the game I could regularly make wallrunning, mid-air dashing, gun firing plays that I would have thought impossible before I began, and that made me feel like an unrepentant badass. This was a game made with real care, and it shows.Sound like you? Then you're going to love CloudBuilt. Heck, I hardly put it down from start to finish. Buy this game, love this game, and help support great devs making great games.Before I go, a final warning to the faint of heart: On a certain bonus level that I finished with the worst possible in game letter grade. a D, I was ranked 79th in the world. This is a hard game, it will take serious persistance, but victory will be sweet.This has been Only Play If, with DaBoneMan,Cheers!"
,Recommended,262390,13500095,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,chi pa pa,"yes yes, buy and go much fast, very good, pretty too PLEASE BUY THIS GAME ITS FUN AND NEEDS MORE PEOPLE ON THE LEADERBOARDS :'( LOOK AT HOW MANY HOURS I PUT IN IT ITS WORTH THE MONEY"
76561198087788831,Recommended,262390,16460972,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RedFalcon19,"Best...game...ever!!!  Super hard (especially at first) but super rewarding once you start getting the hang of it.Pros: Lots of modes (once you unlock them).  Cool community and community levels.  Leaderboards to chase too!Story is interesting (not a big part of game).  Rad design.Cons:  You have to sort of figure it out as you go (may be a plus in the end).If you give it a chance, this game will be one you keep going back to for a long time.This game rocks!"
76561198133628702,Recommended,262390,15345251,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Perfice,"I'd like to start out by saying most of the bad reviews for this game seem to be more annoyed that the game requires high levels of precision and speed to succeed in. You are going to fail -- ALOT.  You are going to give it all you got into getting the best possible score, and when you think you couldn't have done the level better than you just did, you will rewarded with a measly C-Rank. I went for a long time thinking the highest rank in the game was an A-Rank and was rewarded only to the gods of the boost: Oh, how naive I once was.  The clunky controls are described simply by the fact that, yes, you have to boost AFTER you touch the wall or you're going to boost into the wall instead. To the people who complain over the fact that you have to press buttons at the right times or it's not going to work the way you intended, all I have to say is: Git gud.Really, don't overlook the game simply because someone got frustrated by the un-forgivingness of the game. This is truly a gem of a game you'll be hurting for missing out on.  It has amazing scenery and graphics that even had my high-performance PC hiccup at one point. It requires high levels of precision and proper use of your limited boost and firepower all at the same time as jumping precisely from wall to wall at just the right angle as well. It's a very difficult game, harder than Dark Souls, which gets such high levels of praise for being just that. I put this game off for so long because of all the poor reviews I saw for it even though it looked good and I'm sad I had. After finally giving this game a chance I found an unforgettable experience that I come back to time and time again and will always remember as the best and most difficult free-pathed speed-running game I've ever played in my life!To address another complaint I read; Is this game for everybody? No. But why are you trying to criticize a game for not being for everybody if it clearly advertises itself as a high-precision speed-run game?One of my favorite games, may even consider ranking it one of my Top-Ten of all time! 5/5"
,Recommended,262390,9711339,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Bromide,"Cloudbuilt is a game with a very unusual gameplay premise---unusual because it is so aggressively mundane. All of the promotional videos, trailers, and descriptions focused heavily on the fact that you have a set of basic controls---jump, dash, boost, fire weapon---and that all of these controls always work and always behave consistently. It's a bizarre selling point, at least to players of a certain age, because this is like advertising that your game is made of a series of levels.It's only upon a bit of reflection that I realize that the last real 3D platformer I played where input *wasn't* wildly contextual was Super Mario 64, published nearly 20 years ago. Unlike Super Mario 64, it runs at Sonic the Hedgehog speeds and has focused map goals. Instead of a big world for each level and multiple goals hidden within it, you instead have a race to the finish line in a map that admits many paths through. And like Super Mario 64, high-level speedrun play looks like someone breaking the game in half, rather than someone perfectly executing a difficult routine. Even at my much more modest levels of play, I would struggle with a difficult climb or battle and then find that I could boost directly to the roof or wallrun outside of the building entirely and proceed without fighting my opponents.It's been the 2D platformers that are about mastering a set of core mechanics and applying them to the level design with mayhem in mind. Cloudbuilt is the first 3D platformer I've seen that truly rises to that challenge and meets it. If you meet the (higher than usual, these days) sysreqs, there isn't anything quite like this out there, so it's worth checking out."
,Recommended,262390,14358361,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,キモい,"My my this game. I absolutely adore it! There are a lot of games where the gameplay is fast paced but severely lacks any control. Cloudbuilt however gives you the chance to control it... after you die a lot at first. A lot of reviews say this game is hard at first and, yes, it is but dont let that put you off! So many times Ive messed up on a little jump or a boost and thought: ""darn now im not gonna get an A!"", but I keep trying and when you get a good score you feel so good about it! I swear this game is a counter to my depression! >w<But in all honesty I could probably play this just for the soundtrack because, oh god is it beautiful!Anyway, when alls said and done, you should probably give this game a try! Even if its not your forte."
,Recommended,262390,13284973,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,modworkshop | Tatsuto,Most awesome thing I played for ages!
,Recommended,262390,11706352,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,RockstarCRO,"This indie game provides a quick action 3rd person mirrors edge on turbo speed. It's a fun game if you are looking for an indie and something slightly different, or if you are a major fan of parkour games. The video trailers show pretty much what the game is about. You're a girl who is in some comatose state and as your brain is rebuilding you get to go around, boost, jump/run along walls, and put the combination of them all. Shooting is in this game and 3 different bursts of fire types is also available. This game isn't the greatest thing out there, but for what it is and what it does it's fun to pick up in between other games. The story adds to the fun as well as the options to choose where to go once a level is completed.Indie Rating : 7.6/10.Standalone game : 6.85/10Would I recommend this game to everyone? Not really, it depends if you like this sort of game play and animations.GameplayBStory / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceB-Sounds / MusicB-Replay-abilityC+OverallC+"
,Recommended,262390,19357640,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,DR@K3 ENDYR05,"Alright... let me start by saying that I'm not huge into speed running games or that kind of thing. That aside, this game is BEAUTIFUL! I've always been a sucker for great sound tracks, and the visuals are beautiful! More over, there are any number of ways for you to approach any of the levels. There are paths for the casual players, like myself, and more difficult paths for those who really love these games. The fact that the levels are designed like that makes me really respect the devs. I can tell, just by looking that one path is easier, and the other harder, and know which I'd be best at. I won't spoil any of the story I've seen so far, but it is compelling enough to make me want to keep going, and find out what happened next.Though there is combat, there are times when just breezing past the enemies is a better move than blasting away at them. There are some you can dodge, some you may need to hit on the run, and some you need to just blast in the face. It comes with a level builder, and some of the levels people make are really, really good. All in all, though this game may not be for everyone, I adore it, and I want to get better. Like the old saying, practice makes perfect!"
76561198051734530,Recommended,262390,9756366,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kalifen,Amazing game!
,Recommended,262390,9632907,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Lan Fan,"This game is good, perhaps too good at times, trying to beat your time than beating it by 0.2 seconds, than attempting to beat that time again just feels awesome. There is so much to offer and so many paths to chose to get from A-B. Even just taking your time to explore all the possible paths is amazing."
76561198097632017,Recommended,262390,31577654,Posted: 6 May,all,Suntrooper,"I am always looking for good parkour games since I fell in love with the original Mirror's Edge speedruns a lot of years ago.First of all, like many said before, the graphics and style is beautiful and fits very well. The music is something with doens't have a great priority for me, since I can mute it and hear my own music. But boy, does this game have a catchy soundtrack! I even added some songs in my Spotify-playlist. Top-notch!I first played for an hour to get used to the controls and noticed two things: First, you really need to get used to it, because the game doesn't go easy on you after some initial maps. Second, you have a lot of control. With only a few inputs, you can do really much and different things.After that I got back to Steam and read some reviews, with some guys having played this game for like 250+ hours. At that point, I didn't get why.Back in the game, 10 hours later I had completed the normal levels and got my first ""A"". The game became more and more addictive.The better you get, the more fun it is, because you can go faster and act more precisely. You will want to revisit the levels. And theres always some goal you can try to achieve.This game brought me something that i got from Dark Souls again and again: A feeling of accomplishment.The initial frustration and thoughts like: ""There need to be more checkpoints"", ""This passage is way too hard"", and so on, didn't last too long.I quit, I came back, I practiced by trying again and again, I thought about my strategies (when to use my checkpoints, ideal points to take a breath, ...). And finally I managed to make it to the end of the stage. And that felt excellent.Now that I can do those levels again with less mistakes shows me that there was no randomness and no unfairness. I just had to ""work"" a little bit for it.Playing a level at high speed, knowing the path you must take and sinking into tunnel vision makes even more fun than just trying to get to the end alive somehow.The story is perfectly chosen. Ok, there isn't an actual story, to be honest. All the things happened before you take over and you have to deal with the consequent setting. This idea is great, because it adds some emotions without stealing to much time you could spend running along some walls.Finally there's also a level editor. Wow! That means more levels and you can edit existing ones. Great addition!The DLC for unbelievable ~2,50 is also worth getting. The stages are hard but great!Conclusion: Definitely recommended (what do I say... a MUST-buy!) if you like the genre and if you don't give up quickly because there's no easy mode. Maybe not recommended if you don't like the genre or aren't good at all at those games, because it's not the best to begin with and you won't see much of it unless you make the maps easier in level editor.10/10"
76561198096593582,Recommended,262390,9875041,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gamefighter3000,This Game is a really good 3D Platformer i recommend it to all speedrunners who likes to have a challenge :)the gameplay is pretty good and just need minor tweaks to would be perfect.(also im glad to see a good 3D platformer how long has it been a good 3D platformer was there i dont even know)
,Recommended,262390,11090454,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Cloudbuilt is good! The cell-shaded graphics are a style similar to those of borderlands if you are unfamiliar. This game has some tricky controls that have taken me a bit of time to get used to, but that isn't a bad thing. The controls are powerful and feel right once you get the hang of them. I've played it with both a mouse/keyboard, and a controller. I ended up sticking with the controller for this title, but both work. The music is whimsical and electronic. It keeps me pushing farther as the levels progress. The story is here, but a bit vague. I wouldn't say its the mainstay of the title. That being said, you won't get bored quickly with this one. Push that lovely little green buy button and get to running!  If you like wallrunning in games like mirrors edge, you will love this! ~PR0XIDIAN"
76561198048275945,Recommended,262390,13327776,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,DualShear,"From what I've played so far (20 levels) I can't help but write a review praising this game. I'm in love with it. It's like if Megaman, Spiral Knights, Vanquish, Mirror's Edge and Sonic had a love child. It's SO good. It does have a high difficulty curve definitely showing in the later levels, but that doesn't stop me from loving this game at all. Thank you, developers. This game is an absolute treat for me.Update: Since beating this game, I can say I still love it. I believe everyone has a right to hate the redepolyment stage, though. Another cool thing is after having beat it, I am way better at the game. Every stage just feels easier now. That's a great feeling. The developers really know how to train your reflexes.As far as the story goes. I like how you can branch off to any level path you want to get tad bits of her different emotions and thoughts. I was all over the place. lol It really shows how indecisive I am. It made me connect to the character as I wasn't just going down a linear path of story. I really apperciate that.This is a great little gem that I feel everyone should experience, though I understand it's not for everyone. I enjoyed every moment of it. Yes, even redepolyment."
76561197980910801,Recommended,262390,11855478,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Haute DIO,"Cloudbuilt is an incredibly difficult platformer/third-person shooter wrapped up in great graphics to the tune of some kickin' jams. Don't believe for a second that this is just a Mirror's Edge clone. The story and scenery take a backseat to minimalist level design and breakneck speed. All you get are a few dozen floating platforms, usually filled to the brim with enemies, that you need to figure out how to traverse as quickly and safely as possible. It may look like it's very linear but if you look close enough, you can almost always find a better way to get to the next checkpoint. Although a lot of people have complained about the controls, I think this is due to user error more so than buggy movement. Initially I though it was a bit wonky, but after my second hour of play I had definitely improved and realized I was mashing the dash key. Cloudbuilt is certainly hard. I almost always get a D on level completion, but I still finish! If you have low self-esteem maybe try an easier game, but you definitely don't have to be a speed runner to get through the levels and have a good time doing so."
,Recommended,262390,24717822,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Before I played: ""I hate walljumping.""After I played: ""IREALLYhate walljumping!!""Seriousness:I don't enjoy walljump platforming.  It's never jived for me.  Nothing against it, just loathed it since my days playing Metroid and Mega Man.  The questionable movement physics, dubious walls and floors, nonsensical model placements: all of that conspires against me.Cloudbuilt is the least frustrating, most satisfying title of this genre I'll ever find.If this game can get a hater like myself to appreciate it, bias notwithstanding, you know for sure you'll like it.All the Pros: runs smoothly, looks pretty, momentum functions right, speed is perfect, challenge is present, learning curve exceptional, deaths feel (mostly) very fair,respawn is instant(desperately important in a game geared around speed), genuine freedom of choice in tackling each course, and finally, Steam Workshop compatability.Genre fanatics require this title.  Everyone else needs to buy and try just to say they've given it a go.  Cloudbuilt is what gamesSHOULDstrive for."
,Recommended,262390,12817206,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Deadifyed,"Cloudbuilt is an amazing speedrunning platformer. It can be very difficult at times but with enough practice you will be able to speed through any level. Most people recommend playing this game with keyboard and mouse. However I play with a controller and I was able to get in the top 100 scores on most maps. Some people complain about the controls on a controller (LB to jump), but that is necessary to be able to speedrun this game. Fast respawns make death not so worrisome when you are first starting out or having trouble on a level. If you like challenging games, platformers, or speedrunning then this game is for you. If you are having trouble with levels or have any problems check out the community page where the active developers and greatest players often talk.Pros:Great graphicsReplayabilityFun fair gameplayController supportCons:No linux supportSome people don't like the controls"
,Recommended,262390,13085209,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,K.,"Cloudbuilt is an excellent game all around. Its graphics are a unique style bordering on ""cel-shading"" and ""toon-shading"" and its snappy responsivness justifies the difficulty of some levels.Will it take a long time to complete certain levels? It depends.If you are a speedrunner by trade, learning every inch of this game is rewarding and time-consuming. Each level is non-linear and offers many different paths, ones that are more diffucult but overall faster, and ones that are more scenic, fun, and allow you to shoot your blaster and more things. Pew pew.This game provides hours upon hours of playtime, and I do not regret buying it at launch. It is highly underrated and should not come off as intimidating. Casual and Hardcore gamers alike will love playing this well done chunk of code.Hats off to the folks at Coilworks."
76561198049949958,Recommended,262390,13219188,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Cauliflower Path Of Glory,Fantastic art and music! Gameplay is challenging and encourages you to practice to get better in later levels. This game was better than I expected!
76561198053068954,Recommended,262390,9875934,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,|2B| t{O.o}t,"OMG.......one of the most refreshing titles in ages. this game is not just a walk in the park, it's a run in the urban sci-fi jungle known as holy sh**. let me start by saying this is a beutiful piece of artwork and very well designed. the controls and mechanics take a few minutes to.....o.k. serioulsly maybe a few hours/days to get down, but once you understand them, they are great and very responsive. at a quick glance it can give you the feel of mega-man meets sonic in the light of the 2014's dying sun, but after that you realize it's so much more. A must own and for only $20.......truly amazing. well done boys"
76561198026584616,Recommended,262390,9611690,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SadPandaFace,"This game is basically the game I've been waiting for my entire life. It has high-speed freerunning, mixed with a boost-pack for double-jumping and high-speed boost, an amazing art style,  as well as simplistic combat. Everything about this game just shouts ""Play me for a great time!"", except one thing, the difficulty. I think it's okay for games to be hard, but in this game, there's no easy mode. Some people may consider that a plus, but for me, it's the only thing that detracts from it. I'm not great at shooters, making this game hellish just to complete some of these levels. In my opinion, there needs to be a no-enemies mode, or at least one for reduced difficulty via combat, to really allow you to have that fun and free experience. Speaking of free, this game allows so much freedom while playing, it's insane. I've only seen two spots where there's only one way to go through a part of a level, and it's just one small section, so it takes away nothing. The art style in this game fits perfectly, and the character model is actually really awesome. Another thing is management of your boost, as it depletes when you do things, like climb up a tall wall, double jump, or thrust forward. This adds to the difficulty, but unlike the hard combat, it works. This causes you to actually think and plan out your movement. It doesn't feel like it's the game's fault you lost ever, (except for those extremely aggravating enemies). Now, I like that the fighting part of the game is simplistic, as it doesn't take away from the feeling of fast-pace action. Another thing to note is the music. I probably haven't heard all the tracks, but the ones I have heard, sound great, and actually fit. Before I played the game I thought ""I'll just mute the game music, and play my own in the background"", as I so often do with games, but I found that the music in the game was so good, I didn't have to. Overall, I think that this game does everything better than any other game, except the difficulty. I'm not saying there can't be a hard mode, but I'm just saying there should be an easy mode and/or a no-enemy mode."
,Recommended,262390,9669946,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jayson,"This game is really neat. Impossible, but neat. As you've probably heard everyone else say, it's like a crazy cross between Mirror's Edge and Megaman X. The movement feels really great, but due to the structure of the environments, no amount of freedom is going to make getting through these levels an easy task. I haven't come anywhere near finishing this yet, but from what I've played, I'm already interested in seeing the story develop, loving the soundtrack, the art style, and everything else about the game. Make sure you look into this first, because I'm pretty sure this game isn't for everyone, but if Mirror's Edge was your sort of thing, or you enjoy challenging games with a lot of depth, definitely pick this one up."
,Recommended,262390,13824497,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HerrNyani,"A really good 3d action platformer with emphasis on speedrunning. Levels are very open and allow you to experiment with new paths to get to the end ASAP. Kind of annoying to play with a controller, but works perfectly fine with KB/mouse. Difficulty spikes to really insane levels at the end of a story branch, but it still has plenty of not-so-hard levels for the casual gamers out there.Definitely one of the better games on Steam.Full review at Axe 'n Nyan"
,Recommended,262390,9575543,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Mailman,"QUITE good.  One of the most fun run and shoot games I've played in quite a while, definitely going to have me coming back for more."
,Recommended,262390,13865118,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Close Call,"If you put in the time to learn the movement mechanics in this game, this will be one of the best platformers you will ever play. I wasn't even into games that encouraged speed running until I installed this game, which I don't remember buying.Don't buy this game expecting combat. All of the gameplay fun and challenge comes from mastering the movement system and getting from point A and point B as fast as you can. Most of the enemies you shoot are little turrets that you can just as easily run past in most situations, and you'll want to run past them if you want to get your well-deserved A rank.Also, if you're easily frustrated, I would NOT recommend this game to you. This game takes a super meat boy approach to platforming, i.e. high difficulty with instantaneous respawn. I would say it's even harder than SMB because of the third dimension and the movement mechanics, which are difficult yet satisfying to master.Even so, I would call this game a true diamond in the rough for me. The satisfaction I get when getting an A rank isn't something I get with most games. It's true speedrunning goodness."
,Recommended,262390,25933860,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Section8Smash,"I loved this game to bits! I haven't got much hours on this account because I played it a lot on a seperate one but it takes some time to get used to. The gameplay itself is really fast paced but is also really smooth so it weighs out but if you love parkour, I would highly reccommend this game"
,Recommended,262390,32964698,Posted: 28 June,all,MeatWood_FLAC,"So far I like the aesthetic, the physics, the mechanics and the story.But I'm real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at not being good at it."
76561198055567827,Recommended,262390,29696277,Posted: 4 February,all,Tohabath,"Only complaint: It takes too long to start a level. You have to go through the menu, watch a cutscene, interact with something, watch another cutscene, wait for the level menu to load up, find a level you want to play, and then wait for the level to load up."
76561198002167986,Recommended,262390,13816906,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SasqRutts,"Well. This is the most beautiful hectic game I think has ever graced my PC. Apart from some minor issues to start with setting it up once I'd stopped being an idiot and sorted that out it's just generally awesome. As most people will attest to it's best on keyboard and mouse. Game pad won't really be up to the task.Gameplay wise: It's a race to the top of a trap infested maze with various routes up. The easier ones take longer and the trickier ones make me want to throw my mouse and keyboard against a wall and scream bloody murder but are so much faster. This is not a game you can expect to have your hand held throughout. In fact, FUDGE ME, after the tutorial BAM! Deep end. And those are the easier levels. I'm both dreading and looking forward to the later levels.Music is pretty epic and fits the game like the final piece in a 4 piece jigsaw. Truly the hardest of all jigsaws.Buy this game but again this is no cake walk. I'd go as far as to say it's a 4 tonne spikey death trap walk where the spikes are made of rusty plastic spoons each one with a witty joke about your mum, but the satisfaction of getting through is so rewarding opening up more spikey death trap walks, beautiful music and intriguing story. It's worth your money and time and if you ever meet the developers buy them a pint."
76561198119413422,Recommended,262390,31328022,Posted: 23 April,all,Fengga,"Gameplay is very very good, the levels are a joy to rush through and also pose some good challenges at points. The skill ceiling is very high for people looking to practise speedrunning the game. Graphics are cell-shaded and look very nice imo, complementing the games atmosphere and style well. Soundtrack is absolutely stunning, catchy and upbeat but also serious and melancholy. The story is told through dialogue lines at the end of missions which can get uninteresting quickly but it gives a little more depth at least. Strongly recommend to anyone looking for some fast paced gameplay and good tunes."
,Recommended,262390,30627594,Posted: 19 March,all,Cyril,"the best PC game I have played. a 3D platformer that focuses on becoming better at the actual platforming itself to improve your times. almost no crappy speedrun glitches, next to-none RNG. if you're practiced at the mechanics and execution, you're good at the game."
76561198287652022,Recommended,262390,29511219,Posted: 26 January,all,Lazy Noisy Bizarre Town,"I like this game a lot.It has a very real and satisfying learning curve. The game will take a little while to get used to and learn the mechanics of, but it quickly becomes second nature, while remaining progressively more challenging. Controls are tight and responsive, although sometimes too fast for small enclosed areas (which there are very few of).That said, it's still very much a matter of trial and error. You will die a lot, but you do have many, many lives and placeable checkpoints, so you don't have to waste time playing the exact same earlier portions of a level just because a part towards the end is giving you trouble. It rarely feels unfair when you die, though; once you have a grasp on the controls, it's all on you when you mess up and you can feel it.I will say though, the shooting in this game feels very out of place. You have a MegaMan type weapon that can be charged, and while it's intended for you to be shooting enemies while wallriding, you usually end up just killing all the enemies before even attempting the obstacle because it's so much of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to aim at them while performing the precise actions needed just to make it through anyway.The art's pretty appealing for what it is. Music is good, a few tracks even stand outOverall, a very fun and challenging platformer that makes you feel cool while playing."
,Recommended,262390,32859134,Posted: 27 June,all,ThePinkFluffyUnicorn,Gutes Indie Parkour Spiel. Macht viel Spaß und bietet trotzdem eine gewisse Herrausforderung!
,Recommended,262390,13206715,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,-{Geo}- Cegorach,WhoooooooooooooooooooooW !!! :O That's AMAZING !!!It's one of the best games I ever played.
,Recommended,262390,13810487,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RickyWL,"Really fun game that has that ""one more go"" type of addictiveness to it. One of the best ways to describe it would be a puzzle platformer - while the platforming is fast paced parkour, the puzzle comes from figuring out the best ways to get through a level. While it seems like the two are at odds with each other, it never feels like a problem that the game has, if anything increasing the enjoyment you get out of the game as you work out a path from beginning to end.The movement is speedy and fluid, the level design non-linear and the combat, while marginally frustrating on the first run of a level, becomes based on twitch reaction once you start speed-running levels. The story is trash from what I've played, but that doesn't matter when you get a huge amount of satisfaction from finally nailing a level you've been praciticing.If you enjoyed Mirror's Edge, the parkour in Titanfall or like the idea of a game that's built around fast paced parkour and quick reactions, then it's well worth picking Cloudbuilt up."
,Not Recommended,262390,11644980,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DeLuman,"I can only recomend this game for twitch speed run type players for anyone even the slightest bit casual in their means or playstyle it is far too frustrating to play let alone try and master.The music is good, the graphics are stylized but good assuming you like the style.  There is a plot in there I do believe although it waxes so poetic and means so little to what you're actually doing that if you assumed it wasn't there and just kept doing level after level it wouldn't affect what you were doing at all.The gameplay, as I mentioned above is fun for a little while, but the levels get so difficult so quick that it diverges too far into frustrating instead of fun, especially the increadibly stupid lives system that it uses which strikes me as very poor game design.  The controls can be very frustrating, which are a little tough to learn are actually quite good until the game starts throwing it's real challenges at you, at which point you will wonder why your character went up, over or around instead of where they were supposed to go.  Also whoever decided to make certain enemies invincible is really not doing this game any favors.I'd grade this one about a C-, there is a ton of potential there and if you NEED a challenge this is the game for you, but not for me and not for a good majority of people (just look at the universal completion rates of the achievements if you doubt me)."
,Recommended,262390,25191359,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sertax,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing game! blends Mirror's edge, with Sonic and Megaman and has the difficulty of Dark Souls a must buy!10/10 Would fail at CloudBuilt again!"
,Recommended,262390,9579597,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,GoreDiesel,This game is a rush and a half... imagine sonic the hedgehog meets megaman meets mirrored edge... this game is fun and you cant even rage when you die because you just want to jump right back into it!
,Not Recommended,262390,14149172,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,^_^,"I want to start this off by saying that i really, really like the idea of this game. It's fast pace and huge, mid air jumps high above clouds are something most other third person action-adventure games won't deliver. However, there might be reason why such things have been long ignored. Franctic pace requires good controls and very carefully designed levels. Things, that Cloudbuilt cannot deliver.Controls would be tolerable, if it wasn't for sensitivity settings affecting to both analog sticks at the same time. Keyboard and mouse is better option, but i have hard time with WASD controls. Needless to mention how screwed up camera is. This is first time i must admit that it's good to have Field of View -slider hanging around. But levels still require you to constantly turn around like maniac, and camera controls are not up to the task. There is button that lets you turn around instantly, but it only works when running up the wall.The game is supposed to be speedrunnable, but such thing is only accessible to best of the players. Trial and error -situations requires pure luck from players, unless they have precision that playing Cloudbuilt requires. Level can have ankwardly placed insta-kill hazards rigth before checkpoint, and enemies are nothing else but annoying extra level of challenge game doesn't really need. I apreciate numerous alternate paths, and there is some genuinely good platforming to be found, but overly-complicated, generic and confusing level layouts are still weakest point of the game.I do like cel-chaded visuals, but everything looks same everywhere. There is no landmarks helping you to memorize levels. The soundtrack is good, though, and ""story"", which really is more of a monologue explaining what is going on, is actually pretty interesting. But all those good things won't rescue Cloudbuilt from the fact, that i found the empty practice level most fun of them all."
76561198045966388,Not Recommended,262390,9585964,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Acherrum,"Game looks really cool, but at the moment feels awkward.The developer says ""easy to learn, difficult to master"" and it's true. Easy to learn that your controls consist of only a few buttons, really hard to master the glitchy game trying to recognize which type of movement you're trying to do. Wallrunning feels awkward and stiff, when trying to jump from wall to wall I feel like I'm a 1000 pound hippo and the goal of the first few maps are lost on me...There seems only 1 way to really enjoy playing this game and that is by ignoring EVERYTHING and just focusing on reaching the end of a level. No freeroam, no exploring, no killing, just run to that door. The glitchy controls make this very frustrating, because some paths offer better rewards but are impossible to do, since the game just doesn't handle user input very well.The pros:+it truely feels like you're fast as lightning.+beautiful graphics+terrific scoreThe con (and it's a major one considering the gameplay and goal):-frustrating to the bone because of glitchy controlsIn a game like this, controls need to function 100% accurately. It's a shame, because I had high hopes for this game, but failing 3 times in a row because the game picks the wrong action for your input just sucks. Maybe it's me still having to 'master' the controls, but as far as I'm concerned: jumping to a wall = wallrun, not sticking to it and not being able to move again thus dropping to your death..."
,Recommended,262390,13218628,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kairo,"So I've been playing this game for a while, and if I were to make a review as short as possible for this game, here it is.It's very fun, but not what I expected. In a good way.Now for the longer review because I always need to explain my points.Pros:Great control of movementsBeautiful graphics and amazing to look atGets addicting after a whileYou only get better the more you play and get comfortable with itCons:Difficulty difference between levels is too muchStory might be hard to follow for someNearly impossible to get new skins, unless accidentallyPrice is pretty steep for anyone not knowing what it is, it may not attract people who may really like itI've watched this game for a while now, saving money to get it. ""A speedrunner's dream"". I adored this quote, and I was drawn in. The developers saying that whatever path we can find, we can use, no matter intended into the game or not. This blew my mind and I fell in love. I still love this game! I will continue to play it!The difficulty is what is a downer for me right now. ""Going from level 3 to level 4"" for example would be like ""switching between normal difficulty to legendary between missions"" in Halo, or ""turning up the difficulty from normal to expert"" in Guitar Hero. It's insane, and there are new enemies that you have to learn how to fight and how to counter on the spot, and I believe I've run into some which cannot be killed and you just have to figure out how to run past it.If there's any way to either nerf the difficulty progression, or maybe find some sort of guide to help me deal with the high difficulty progression, that would make this game much more addicting to play, and less frustrating.Overall, 9.5/10! Would buy again!"
76561198075651846,Recommended,262390,12781995,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kamaji,"This game will keep you on your toes! Hard to learn, harder to master. If you're a speedrunner, or just enjoy learning game mechanics I'd reccomend this game to you."
,Recommended,262390,10865557,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Xnite,"While I don't agree with all of Cloudbuilts design desicions, I thoughrly enjoyed the game. Enough to play, and beat every level on normal. It scratches that parkour itch I think many gamers have. If you don't have that itch I would probably recommend passing on the game. But if you do have the itch its a very satisifying game once you learn the controls. The controls take time to get to know, and not everything is taught to you. But it was worth sticking around, experimenting, and mastering enough to beat the normal version of the game. Very enjoyable. Thank you coilworks."
76561198068056754,Recommended,262390,28720702,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sparoi76,"very intriguing and fast paced, Love it, very good gameplay and art style reminds of the Borderlands franchise"
,Recommended,262390,24054648,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DAFRANT,"High-speed 3D platformer with some combat elements. Both artstyle and soundtrack are incredible (OST available onbandcamp). The focus of the game is the speed-platforming and pathfinding through semi-open levels, while being highly challenging and pretty punishing. I personally am not able to beat the game.Combat mainly consists of you dodging enemy turret's fire, your personal weapon is not easy to use while speeding, wallrunning and keeping track of your jetpack energy.Since the fun of the game comes from the adrenaline of the general speed of the gameplay and the sensation of pulling off a difficult trick for the first time, it can get frustrating when you have to retry one passage for minutes or hours. Gamepad is obviously recommended.Recommended for people who like: Platformers, Adrenaline, SpeedrunningNot recommended for people who like: Lower speed platforming (e.g. Mirrors Edge, Metroid, ..), Lower challengesPlaytime: N/A, wasn't able to beat. Good replay value for improving map scores"
,Recommended,262390,25613891,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Jarrett,Borderlands-esque artstyle and super fast smooth parkour gamplay. Plus it's so cheap. 100% recommend.
76561198016113064,Recommended,262390,10283816,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Freakohollik,"Loved it. Fast, intense platforming. The most fun I've ever had with a 3D platformer. All the best parts of Sonic and Mirror's Edge."
76561198035212680,Recommended,262390,23465941,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Commanderrkeen,"Speedrunners wet dream.  Figuring out the level and the routes to take, and then CRUSH those by finding glitches and exploding off mines to launch yourself further than intended and skipping whole sections of the level.  Super fast paced and challanging.10/10"
,Recommended,262390,23910375,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Striddle,"This game is a fast paced free running game, with very good music and level design. It may take some time to get used to the controls, but it is very satisfying to beat each level."
,Recommended,262390,32036704,Posted: 29 May,all,bus,Extremely fast paced speed runner. Be warned: Not everyone can handle the later levels.
,Recommended,262390,24153314,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Odd Socks,"I love this game. It looks beautiful, it sounds beautiful, and it plays beautiful. Your character controls very well, and you usually have a lot of options on how to complete each level. The music is a lovely mix between instruments and chip-tune sounds. The art style is very pleasing to look at. The levels aren't long, but the fun comes from trying to find the perfect path to beat the level as fast as possible. Not only does this offer great replay value, but there's tons of clever community-made and dev-made levels on the workshop. The level editor is included so you can even try your hand at making your own. The story isn't much, but it flows with the gameplay in a very clever way. your character is comatose and is trying to escape the world inside her dreams, where all the levels take place. And that's where the genius merging of gameplay and story comes in. This game gets REALLY hard later on. The final levels are ridiculous. The DLC levels are soul-crushingly difficult. You will experience a range of emotions that very few games can produce. The frustration builds and turns into desperation, then rage, then sadness as you let go of the mouse and stop playing. These levels give you a great insight to the emotions of your protagonist as she is desperately fighting her way through the broken fortresses with no clear goal in sight. The satisfaction you get from completing a tricky level is more than worth the frustration it put you through. If you like a challenging and fast paced 3D platformer, pick this up with the Defiance DLC, and the soundtrack if you can afford it. It has a few flaws, but this game is easily a solid 8/10 for the non-casual crowd."
,Recommended,262390,26418516,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Leip Snoepje,"Cloudbuilt is a great game. I bought it on sale without any expectations and was blown away.I only have 2.1 hours on record when I wrote this, so I can’t judge about the story line. My game time isn’t the only reason for that. Every level you complete gives you a different part of the story, but not in a chronological way. My strategy is to first complete the game and afterwards check out the story (yes, that is possible).Now about the gameplay. Some levels can be played quite casually, you can take your time and check your path before you walk it and scout for enemies. But that is not the way to play this game. The purpose is to reach the end of a level with using as little time as possible, with as little deaths as possible. So you have to rush through the levels, while trying to receive 0 damage, while trying not to fall and while trying to kill your opponents. By rushing I mean really, really rushing. This game is fast and therefore the difficulty of the game can be hard.The graphics are nice. The game is designed like a comic and it’s pulling it off very well (think in the direction of Borderlands or XIII).I miss a multiplayer option though, In my opinion it would be great to do a real-time time attack through a level. I can also picture a last man standing game type. You know, stuff like that…In short: Hard game (but I like a challenge) and it looks great. Although it lacks multiplayer I really recommend this game."
76561198053887337,Recommended,262390,29514092,Posted: 26 January,all,Obsidian Fardeath {tFt},"It is surprising fun to play. This type of game is not ormally my cup of tea, but this game tickles something that no other game has. Looks good and the music is amazing. Even if you don't like this type of game, at least try it out. It is fun, difficult, and has a feel to it that is hard to describe. I love this game."
,Recommended,262390,33147772,Posted: 2 July,all,Josh,"Though I love this game alot and love navigating the levels, I have quite a disdain for the shooting. I wish it wasn't a mechanic and the game only involved navigation. But even so I still recommend this because it's still a good game."
,Recommended,262390,34628649,Posted: 31 August,all,Ixzine,"Cloudbuilt scratches the itch of someone who loves fast-paced stage-by-stage time attack gameplay, intricate movement, and a decent challenge. It's easy to play in chunks and completing levels at all (even if poorly) is sufficient for progression to the next stage, so even if you're not the targeted niche of a speedrunner or a time attack highscore enthusiast, you might like it, if you liked Dustforce or Super Meat Boy or another high quality, viscerally satisfying action platformer.The movement system in the game feels hella good (if you can conquer stamina limitations) with the exception of rare wallrunning into corners and ledgegrabbing, and the semilinearity of the levels allows you to choose your favorite mechanics to use to go fast or go safe, all the time. It's not until the hardest, optional levels of the game that this surprising amount of freedom in platforming is taken away, and it's no surprise for those.But, there's a catch with this recommendation: As much as I'd be happy to keep playing Cloudbuilt, all the levels that remain after I played enough levels to satisfy completion, DLC levels or not, SUPER CLOUDBUILT has been released. Praises are already being sung. Trust me, Cloudbuilt is shockingly polished for a game of its type (I'm very picky for movement and mechanical responsiveness and visceral satisfaction), and Super Cloudbuilt is Cloudbuilt with refinements and additional content. So if you see Cloudbuilt on sale or HumbleBundle at some point, you can be happy to get it. If you're itchy to get it off sale, scoot on over to Super Cloudbuilt instead, as it's even more likely to be worth your dollars.Don't let the small amount of hours fool you, this was absolutely one of my favorite gaming experiences of the past several years, up there with Furi, N++, and Devil Daggers; I cleared it, and as I was getting really into it I only put it down because I've convinced myself Super Cloudbuilt is absolutely worth buying. I can really only say to steer clear if the over-the-shoulder perspective isn't your cup of tea, if you are looking for constant combat, or you want a relaxing easy experience, because Cloudbuilt is a great game, but it is a great intense 3rd person action platformer and works because the developers strongly refined it into that."
,Recommended,262390,24925556,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mrs bonez,"A good game. Has a nice peaceful soundtrack- maybe just to provide contrast with the gameplay itself, which is composed of 90% tension and 10% fun, so hopefully you enjoy that sort of thing."
76561198083852147,Recommended,262390,12145888,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,135dB of screaming cockatoo,Do you like to die a lot to catchy music? Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,262390,9612374,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Darkshader,"If you want a game that will raise your blood pressure but in a good way, then this game is for you. It's a unique twist of parkour, extreme platform and ""go fast games."" Also, the cell-shaded art style is just beautiful to look at.  Every path or debris you see is accessible for faster time clears.Mirror's Edge + Megaman + Sonic = Cloudbuilt! Which makes this the ""ultimate platformer.."" for me anyways."
76561198032085715,Recommended,262390,13245325,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[GALT] Envoy,"Beautiful surrealistic stages, atmospheric music, and frantic skill-based action. Whats not to like?Envoy RATED: 8/10"
,Recommended,262390,11431178,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,The Black Glokage,"Short VersionFast, vertical and a lot of fun. Feels like a modern take on Sonic The Hedgehog. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys platformers and good challengeLong Version (My full video review)http://youtu.be/pHBaptfzC78"
,Recommended,262390,11159502,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DaPhuuLz,"Love the Levels.I'm not quite good at this game but getting through each level gives me weird satisfaction. Then you feel like you can do it better and try again and again.Good game.PS. And the Musics! So Good!Edit: I'm still so bad at this game (mostly Rank C ""=_=). Each level is Very Challenging."
76561197999914689,Recommended,262390,9580574,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mark Rushow,Um yeah I don't know who the mastermind is behind this but this is one smooth badass gmae to be sure! Hey Where is the link to buy the OST!? Get your acts together I want that♥♥♥♥♥♥on my iPod NOW! The first start up of the game caused and insane strobe light screen flickering and wound't stop. Shut it down and re-launched with the same effect. Checked options to make sure some crazy 3D mode wasn't turned on and didn't seem to be one. Fired up FRAPS to try and capture it to report and guess what!?..... No longer does it game runs smooth and chocolate milk on this ancient PC of mine and looks damn impressive while doing it. Thanks for blowing my mind with this game. I'm heading to bed for now. But I'll be back to really get into tomorrow. Looks like platformers just got a whole new reboot! They are back and better than ever! I'm torn with wanting to to play fast Sonic style or wanting to slow down and shoot stuff. Everything is sooo smooth and balanced and the OST.... AMAZING! The art.... I wanted to just pause and appreciate it. Damn tight controls so far just like the good 'ol days. I do hope for some controller support but that my not be a good idea I'm not sure. I use a ball mouse and that seems to be the ticket for the quick looking around this game needs. A thumb sticks may not be the best but I'd like to try. Keyboards and my fingures never did get along even after all these years. Though ballmouse does seem to be a plus. I could see Oculus support even with a 3rd person perspective. headtracking for aiming where you wnat to go instead of mouse. even more imersive. I know you'll make the right call on that when the time comes. Natural fit and all. Alright have to tell friends about this game. Such a great price too.
,Recommended,262390,11996240,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,-SNiGS- BakedBam,Dude....look at the clouds...it looks like...Maplestory!!!!!
76561198041706124,Recommended,262390,9867915,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Crylliac,"A parkour game with jetpacks! Gotta love that concept. Works pretty well too, with a very nice art style and good music. Controls are a bit tetchy and the camera can work against you, but still a good time. Good if you are a competitive player, or just like being able to run stages really fast.I did a blind Let's Play of this game, if you want to see some of the gameplay in action:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK4qC6KyewQ&list=UUxUVMH03rrs5rUPEDg0BKFwOk, Proper review here. I assume that if you are still reading this you want a bit more info about the game, eh? Hokay.Gameplay:The main game is about getting from the starting point of the stage to a door at the end of the stage as fast as you can. There are multiply paths you can take, but for the most part they all meet up again at some point in the level. The branching paths is a cool aspect of it, as you can keep trying each part to see which way is the fastest. You get a rocket pack, which allows you to double jump, wall run and turbo-boost-dash. these can all be chained together for a quick run, but using the rocket pack drains your fuel. It will recharge as long as you are standing on the ground or hanging off of a ledge. There is also some shooting mechanics in the game. I kinda just ignored them, unless there was an enemy right in front of me, so I can't make a call if they are good or not.Controls:This game is built for speedrunning. The idea is that you learn how to run each stage so well that you can just blast through it in one go, going for the best time. The controls work really well for speedrunning, as everything works really well at speed... Depending on if you know what you are doing, exactly where you are going and precisely what comes next. If you don't know whats coming up? Then you are going to get shot, or fall into the abyss, or what I normally do, which is boost right over a platform. Always a good move, that.Sound:A really nice soundtrack that fits this game well. Each stage has its own sound track, and it is never distracting. It just fits in so well with the stage. This is one of the few games that I leave the sound on while playing, instead of playing my own music in the background.Graphics:A very pretty game to look at. The art can be distracting when you are looking for the best way to get to the end of the stage, as all of the objects really stand out, trying to grab your attention instead of just adding to the personallity of the stage. Which is kinda annoying, but still pretty.Overall:This is a game you have to sink a lot of time and memory into to get the full experience. Every stage can be completed on the first try, but the real fun of this game is going through one level as fast as you can, leaping from wall to wall with easy. Playing a level so fluidly is just an amazing feeling... But that takes a lot of time to get to.Verdict:If you are a casual gamer, you probably won't like this game.If you are an average gamer, this is a pretty fun game, with a bit of a competitive vibe to it. You'll get a good 2 or 3 hours out of it.If you are a hardcore gamer, this is right up your alley. You'll love this game."
,Recommended,262390,11333817,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Dinosawer,"Buy if you like speedrunning and going reeeeaaaalllyyyyyy faaaaaast.Don't buy if you are easily frustrated and/or want to be good at a game without practising. It's hard.Oh, and the soundtrack is absolutely fabulous."
,Recommended,262390,13116133,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Otacon,It's like Mirror's Edge on crack 10/10
,Recommended,262390,13061397,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Bakkensota,Like the rocket boots.
,Recommended,262390,13932362,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DxRaviken,"one of the most intense parkour platformers ive ever experianced.get used to to restarting over and over, once youve mastered the controls, for your desire to make a perfect run will grow strong with this game~"
76561198062675114,Recommended,262390,13085058,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ninjin,"Fantastic Art, good music and the perfect level of difficulty.Graphics:These are the first things when I think about Cloudbuilt. I really love the shader look and the level design in general. It looks very simple with blocks, walls and thin ground, but there was no need for more.Music:When I first listened to the music, I was like ""okay, that's nice"", but at some point when I played a really difficult level I couldnt get the music out of my head. It reminded me of what I learned before, that I CAN beat this level.Gameplay:I was slowly dragged into the world of Cloudbuilt. I actually could relax playing this game while dieing hundred of times due to my own stupid mistakes (and it was never because of poor level design or bad controls, my last fps was Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 1, yes 1, that's like 5 years ago). To be fair, if I think there is a slight chance to beat a level, I will try it!! <3 It felt fantastic after hours of playing the game.OtherGamemodes:I even sneaked into the other game modes, discouvered some levels, but I dont feel the need to complete everything there to get 100%.Story:Yeah, I really didnt pay attention to the story. It felt 2 depressive/boring and I didnt want to read 4192 lines of dialogue. It was actually annoying ^^. Im playing a fast game, it was a nice contrast, but I played this game for its difficulty, not to hear a story ;P, even though the developer tried to say me something :D.People complaining about stuff, my reaction:""No infinite boost, I cant discover the map, game is bad"" -> You dont need to discover the whole map to beat a level, thus you dont have to waste even more time on completing the level + There's actually a gamemode where you have infinite boost.""Controls are bad, my character isnt doing what I want"" -> I rarely play first-person-games with a mouse and had no problems at all, if I wanted to go up a wall, I used my mouse to look up and if I wanted to go down... well guess what I did <3. Never had troubles here.""Music is annoying"" -> Well, I guess you cant hit every players music taste, even though I never listen to this kind of music, after playing the game several hours, I felt it was really fitting the scenery.tldr; If you dont pay attention to stories and like fast games with some challenges, you should definitely get it! <3"
,Recommended,262390,12658190,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Shin Girdo,It's like mirror's edge mixed with sonic generations. Fast parkour.
,Recommended,262390,12883927,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Nalgas D. Lemur,"I'm glad this game exists, and I enjoy the idea of playing it and even had fun with the early levels, but I ran into a wall trying to make any progress later on. The movement and speed feel good, and finding high risk/reward paths through levels vs. slow and clumsy routes that do ultimately get you to the end but take several times longer is satisfying.Having a finite number of lives before you have to start over from the beginning is aggravating, especially because the only way to increase the number of lives you start each level with is by getting a higher rank on the levels you've beaten, and if you're good enough to get an A or S rank on one level, you're probably good enough to not need that many extra lives on the next. I would be much more willing to spend as much time and as many lives starting over from whichever checkpoint(s) and accept that my time (including the penalty per death) is complete garbage if it would make it less painful to learn the later parts of the levels without having to put up with the early parts repeatedly.I also found the levels with no enemies and only platforming skill-based challenges to be more interesting/satisfying. The enemies are not necessarily a huge problem in a level you already know, but trying to find a path through 3D space when you're being assaulted by infinitely-respawning, nearly-indestructible robo-nonsense is kind of a load of crap, especially when you spawn right next to them. It makes trying to find alternate routes through levels frustrating, compared to the enemy-less levels where you can stop for a second or two to look around and see what might be possible.Those gripes aside, and my own incompetence at the game (my reflexes aren't what they used to be), it's rewarding when everything comes together and you really nail something you kept screwing up. It's hard, especially later in the game, and you will screw up a lot, but when you get a feel for it you can do some truly crazy things, and it all flows from one high speed move to the next.Also, the launch trailer (the one they used on Steam) is junk and doesn't give as good a sense of what the game is really like as the original three-minute gameplay trailer did. Go look that one up instead."
76561198010139041,Recommended,262390,12282583,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Red Magicite,"This is a very fun platformer; I can't claim that I mastered the game, but I did complete all of the endings.Controls were solid, I liked the art style behind the graphics, I never experienced any type of performance issue.  The story pushing the platform trees forward is very nice, and I liked the introspection.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,262390,20635107,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Techerock,"What I originally thought of this game was a stunning looking speed running game turned out to be completey wrong.   Which is actually a great suprise when it comes to being wrong.   The game it's self is hard, challenging, great sounding & still really good to look at.   It will take anyone a great deal of time to get really great at this game, but for those the efforts will make them feel like they are soaring through the air without a care in the world.I whole heartly recomend this game for those whom want a challenging game or a kick butt soundtrack or just want to prove that you can master the walldashing in this game.Although these rating here are how I found the game as a whole:Gameplay: 96/100Sound/Music: 99/100Graphics: 99/100"
,Recommended,262390,22872347,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Estecka,"By far one of the most gorgeous game I've played.Also has near to flawless controls with perfect reactivity.We need more games like this.In my opinions though, too many gamemodes are time-trials. I like it better when I'm dared to make a thing ""at all"" rather than ""better"", I would have liked it more if the level design was pushing the player harder on their fuel. The turrets everywhere spice up the thing quite well, but the most memorable parts were still those that needed me to work out how not to fall without the boost, because I wouldn't have enough fuel to make it halfway to the other side.Fortunately there's the ""pathfinder"" mode, that challengesnotto use the boosters. It ends up being my favorite mode and gives out the best feeling of parkours out of all.(Put the story aside though, because even while not uninteresting, most of the narrative is accessed from a bonus-menu.)"
,Recommended,262390,11544452,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,"We need more games like this. Stylistic free-running, precision platforming games with depressing female protagonists are truly scarce."
,Recommended,262390,13593694,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Autumn ♥ o(≧ε≦)o,"Cloudbuilt is a wonderfully original experience with a beautiful atmosphere and perfectly complex level design. The platforming always feels fluid and fast paced, often making me feel as though Im consistently pulling off impressive feats. The game itself easy to learn and extremely hard to master. The later levels are relentless and punish you for the smallest wrong move, and although the difficulty curve is extremely steep, I feel as though its a perfect fit for this game. Introducing me to a beautiful and fantastical world, only to rip my character limb from limb as I try to trudge through to the next checkpoint, often making it just before I run out of resets. The levels themselves are non-linear, often having many paths to achieve the same goal, which makes for extremely interesting levels that never get boring, no matter how many times you need to reset. The soundtrack is extremely fitting and quite beautiful.Overall, the game is really difficult to put into words. Its a really solid, unique take on old school platformers with stunning world design and a great soundtrack. I highly recommend getting this if you enjoy the style of these sort of games."
76561198041447747,Recommended,262390,13682519,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ned Ragdnuos,"If you ever had dreams of flying, you'll love this enchanting game. The evocative mysterious theme music of the intro segment is just inspired. Some of the musical themes come back in different ways in later levels, it's all very well done. The music really enhances the open feel of this game and even if you get to the end of a level somehow the music makes you want to go back, curious to explore alternate (even speedier?!) paths, it's funny how the tunes help keep you calm despite the zillion mistakes when you're first trying to go very fast.You can find the complete soundtrack at Jacob Lincke's page here:http://jacoblincke.bandcamp.com/album/cloudbuilt-complete-original-soundtrackThe levels initially seem to be the platforming-challenge variety (rather than exploration/adventure that the intro seemed to be leading to), but never mind... This game brings a whole new meaning to platforming, if I can even land on the platforms, that is... Even initially, it'll totally open your mind to what a 3D game can be. Then there's trying to go fast!The ""wallrunning"" concept is a bit like what ""Distance"" is for cars, except with a jetpack and limited fuel. The occasional sounds of desperation from your incredibly brave triple-pigtailed little jetpack-toting pixie-girl make you very careful not to goof up. I'm not sure, but it sounds like some of my wild mouse-aiming attempts are making her nauseous, errp!Luckily, there's a practice area, which is really useful to understand the controls, as well as to find ""undocumented"" ways of jumping further. It takes a lot of practice to be able to do anything repeatably (the controls are somewhat ""modal"" and ""context sensitive"", sorry it's hard to explain, you've just got to try it). There may be some bugs remaining, e.g. when restarting a level or from a checkpoint, the game seems to ignore the first Jump command, but doesn't ignore other commands. You can try it: hit the spacebar just after restarting the level or from a checkpoint, and you'll notice that the first spacebar press is ignored.When running this game in nVidia Surround (it does work, and surprisingly well too), accessing the menus and levels using the keyboard doesn't seem to be implemented properly (yet, Dec 2014) but if you hook up an xbox controller then you can workaround this slight trouble by selecting the level you want to play using the xbox controller, then going back to using the keyboard to actually play the level.I tried using an xbox controller to play the game, and although it does work OK and is quite comfortable, I found that aiming using the right controller stick was just too confusing for me, so I went back to using the mouse and keyboard.Overall, this game has huge potential, and totally deserves more folks giving it a try. Get it in the Steam sale!I wish the exploration theme from the intro segment had been elaborated on a bit more, so as to lead in to a few simpler tutorial levels perhaps. It could have helped the game feel a little more ""complete"". The current somewhat-jarring transition to the ""levels menu"" (represented by Demi's bed) and ""story menu"" (represented by the computer terminal) seems a bit abrupt (these are the only options after entering the room). Admittedly, this game seems to be all about hardcore platforming (which is what we all love anyway) but it'd still be good to give newcomers less of a steep learning curve, perhaps in the Mirror's Edge way (where you can learn from another character demonstrating the more complicated moves), or some other approach? I guess if a level editor and steam workshop support is added, this kind of thing might be implemented by the community later on.The developers of this game seem very responsive, and are even curious to learn more about their own game and how people are playing it, which is really fun and interesting.I noticed when re-trying the initial level over and over again (trying to do it quicker, as it looks a lot more fun when you're going like a bat out of hell) that sometimes if I goofup too many times it wouldn't let me continue the level (the prompt asked me if I wanted to ""try another level?"", but none of the other levels were available yet because I was just trying to redo a segment of the current level to make sense of the controls). I wasn't sure at first if that was intended, but apparently it is (also see Gafgar's explanation in the comments, thanks!). There's a limit to the number of retries, then you have to restart the level from the beginning. I suppose the intent is to make sure you really learn the level thoroughly, which is fine for folks with the platforming mindset but might be unexpectedly harsh for other gamers who are just curious. Apparently you're not generally supposed to use levels that way and should only use the practice area. But perhaps the game could make an exception for the first level (when the tutorial flag in the options is still enabled), as it seemed a bit intrusive to force the player to go right back to the very beginning of the level after too many retries, just when they're getting the hang of the controls.But overall, this is a game I'll keep coming back to, at least as long as there are keys on my keyboard that still work..."
,Recommended,262390,13704942,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Iroquois,"This was an impulse buy that turned out to be amazing. It's got its own fresh narrative and ambiance while successfully mixing the better parts of games like Sonic, Megaman Legends, and Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,262390,11760495,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,steph of ní,"Outstanding little game here for those of us who GOTTA GO FAST. Be warned, the learning curve is extremely steep, but once it clicks the free-flowing wall running & jet pack mechanics feel amazing. It's super rewarding if you stick with it. The developer is awesome too, very transparent and active in the community."
,Recommended,262390,25297522,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Im sorry eh,its like sonic... but notgotta go fast!
,Recommended,262390,25403638,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,M1Stress,"I think is really nice game. And it's not just the speed or parkour. Great music and difficult levels. Of course, it is not without the silly and sometimes strange moments. But I think everything is done perfectly for such a simple game."
,Recommended,262390,13516513,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lufores,Bloody worth it.My left hand is dead by the way. 11/10
,Recommended,262390,11038489,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Nr.9 Akael,"This game plays like Armored Core: For Answer and the Sonic Adventure series had a child. If you like fast, this game is worth playing."
76561198153894609,Recommended,262390,27392198,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Okawaka!!!,"Excellent music and art design, took time to be familiar with map which is common in those Parkour style games, but when you start running smoothly, it become so enjoyable."
,Recommended,262390,23834005,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CuNi,"Cloudbuild is a combination of Dark Souls frustration and DeadCore-like speed.The Graphics are semi-unique and look really good on their own. There seems to be a story but to be honest you don't really follow it since you have to beat each level to progress the story, and if you try to get at least A on every track, that could take time. The only think that I have to address negatively is something so simple yet so frustrating.. It's not even the sometimes wonky transitions from wallruns etc... Rather its the strange decision to force the player to press ""space"" after a climb to not hang on the ledge. This is really frustrating because if you are dashing up a wall and want to continue, you have to press space everytime you reach the top. It you press to late, its ok, she'll just hang in there and you lose at max half a second. But if you press to early, and thats the real issue here, you will jump away from the wall, most likely killing that run. It's just a weird choice to force the player to press space.. every.. time. I would give it a solid 10/10 if it werent for this issue. The Soundtrack is good and even after hours of listening to it, it kind of never really gets boring. The pace is fun and there are often multiple ways to finish a level depending on your playstyle. Enemy's sometimes really are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but once you get yourself to shoot at them rather to try to evade their attacks it makes alot more fun.  So to sum things up, I would give it a 8/10 because the space issues really made me rage more times then it actually should. But for the price now (Steam Summer Sale) It's really worth a grab."
76561198205716057,Recommended,262390,30455993,Posted: 11 March,all,Venrisulfr,"This game can be frustrating at times, and I haven't gotten near the end yet. I do have a high opinion of it, however, and I think it has already earned a positive review from me. Great gameplay and very satisfying. Like someone else said before me, think Mega Man meets Sonic meets Mirror's Edge. That'll give a you an idea of what it's like, but even then, it's its own creature. I also love the art style."
,Recommended,262390,23396938,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,The Goat,A game all about precision and speed. This game gets really really hard but never feels like the game cheated you. When you finally beat a difficult level you feel like you've really acomplished something.
,Recommended,262390,23865020,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,I Have Many Names,"rocket robots jumpin around on tetris blocks in the skyA cel shaded third person platformer with a high skill ceiling that is about 65% level-memorization and 35% mechanical execution-- if you enjoy the near nausea of Mirror's Edge, if you enjoy whipping around to a wall and boosting off it only to barely make it to the next platform, this game is for you.Playing  this game isn't just jump arcs and timing like in typical platformers -- you're going to have to get good with camera control as well to do wall jumps and that type a♥♥♥♥♥♥You should expect to die a lot, and get a lot of C rankings on your first playthrough. This game is gonna pound the booty meat.The story is something I personally didn't care to pay attention to, but the message in it is adult, well thought-out, and it isn't super long to the point of making you pull your hair out.The main draw is repeating levels for faster times, but if you get into that you better be ready to hit the books, there's a lotta speed wizards usin black magic on youtube with this game's top scores already.The soundtrack is great too.Really surprised that this game is so well made considering it's an indie game."
,Recommended,262390,30503247,Posted: 14 March,all,CypherWave,"Fan-TAST-ic game. Beautiful graphics. AWESOME music and fun yet INFURIATING levels. I love this game to death, I really do. But HOLY MOTHER OF GAMING it's difficult. Like this game makes RAGE games look like super mario bros with god mode. HOWEVER, every level is ENTIRELY POSSIBLE. The real hard part is trying for A-rank. Overall, fantastically made, loads of fun, and very very challenging. Definitely for anyone who enjoys a good challenge and some speedy gameplay."
,Recommended,262390,30384171,Posted: 7 March,all,Huyo,"This game is a mixed bag of nuts for me, but overally it's definitely worth it.It has some of the best platforming I've ever seen, and many of the level are challenging, but still very fun.On the other hand, the enemies are some of the worst design choices I've ever seen in a game. They often times break you out of the wall-climbing hero fantasy, and into thinking ""why would they even put knockbacks in a game like this?""Still, the unique gameplay and challenge make this game a lot of fun. If you look at the trailer and think it looks cool, you will love it."
,Recommended,262390,14755504,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TeenJackBauer,"Positive+ Cel-shaded graphical style, similar toBorderlands, makes the game look quite lovely (most of the time)+ Some great gameplay mechanics and a high skill cap, requiring hours of practice if you want to obtain higher ranks on levels to give the game some replay value, with around 3 ½ hours of gameplay if you want to just complete all of the available levels+ Good adrenaline-pumped music to match the fluid and fast gameplay+ Custom checkpoints allow you to set your own pace and make the difficulty more flexible.Negative- Boosting mechanics and controls will sometimes run inconsistently with the game's physics, leading to frequent irritating deaths- While the enemies do add an element of extra challenge, it would be nice to have the option to play with them turned off to focus on the speedrunning aspect of the game.Verdict“A speedrunner’s dream,Cloudbuiltoffers hours of gameplay for gamers who want to master the game and reach their potential. Highly recommended to fans of time trials or high levels of challenge in their games.”8/10 TJBs"
,Recommended,262390,28849295,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,thats not my soap,"A fantastic speed-based platformer, where the character has a deep moveset (borrowing heavily from Mirrors Edge or Lemma, but with the unique mix of a Vanquish-styled ""boost"" bar, which governs double jumps, dashes, or extending wall rides) that interacts in a unique and fun way with the well-designed environments.If you like games like Sonic Generations, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198001521783,Recommended,262390,34348846,Posted: 19 August,all,xatchett,"I'd say I enjoyed the game. I bought Super Cloudbuilt on a whim, and then found it a bit too extreme and somewhat more complicated, so I went and got the original Cloudbuilt, and I'm happy that I did.If you're into parkour and fast unforgiving action, the game delivers.It's a fast paced 3D runner over vaious obstacle courses with traps and enemies in your way, and, well, basically, that it. The levels themselves are short, and once you figure out where to go and what to do, it's easy enough to blast through them. At least, some of them.This is one of the cases where the graphics are just right for what the game hopes to accomplish. The soundtack's nice, I like it a lot, but it tends to get repetative, expecially if you're forced to play one level over and over. There are branching paths, though, so if you're stuck, you can try a different level. There are secrets in the form of continues and save points, and that adds something to do. Usually the path through the level is straightforward, but there are shortcuts.The story is, well, rather irrelevant to the gameplay. The game could've been just a bunch of levels without any plot, and it would've done just fine. Still, there's a story, or, rather, a narrative. Sure, why not?The game takes getting used to, though. You'll fail, a lot. But it didn't♥♥♥♥♥♥me off completely, and I even enjoyed the challenge, although I'm into much slower games, personally.However, I will say this, and this is my biggest issue with Cloudbuilt - there are special techniques that are absolutely necessary for beating the more complex levels in the game. And the game doesn't teach you any of them. If you're a noob like myself, you just might want to go to the game's community here or on youtube and learn them before getting into the meat of things. Because the game itself sure isn't going to help you learn them on your own.But the community is rather active, and that's a good thing, I guess.I will say that would've enjoyed an easy mode or something like that (the supercharged jetpack mode is the closest to that at the moment), something that would let you climb around and mess around on your own pace, but that's just me. The game is an adrenalin rush, though, so if you feel like beating your head against the wall for a couple of hours, sure, give it a try. You might even enjoy it ))). And, well, for a few days I did."
,Recommended,262390,33669402,Posted: 20 July,all,fei,"Been playing for 6 hours, been having a lot of fun, and I'm still at the second level, because I want to get a better score.If you like solo competitive gaming, speedrunning or just dash jump dash wallrun jump wallrun dash jump wall run dash, then I highly recommend this underated gem! :D"
76561198052681804,Recommended,262390,34063630,Posted: 6 August,all,TarHek,"There are two reasons why anyone would enjoy this game: You are a masochist and/or you REALLY love parcour/platform games. Seriously, this game is terribly hard. I also leave it to your imagination which one of the two reasons made me buy this game:)Although, or maybe because?, the game is so hard, it is very fun. I found myself failing over and over again, yet I couldn't quit. Even when I had to restart a level several times, I tried harder, managed to solve passages even faster or with less damage, eventually finishing the parcour. I guarantee you, this game takes you onto a journey of frustration and even more frustraton.Basically, you play as Demi, who has to run through several parcours in the sky. While only running and jumping is boring, you also have a boost for speeding up, climbing up walls or jumping slightly higher. Moreover, you also have a gun which fires homing bullets. Trust me, these are necessary - you'll rarely have time to aim precisely. And there are enemies which WILL kill you - be it mines, turrets or bombs dropping down. You can, however, destroy most of them with your gun to clear the path.Everytime you die or fall from the platforms, you can restart from the last checkpoint, although enemies will also respwan. Yet you don't have an unlimited amount of tries, once all your lifes are depleted, you'll have to restart the whole level. Kindly, the game also offers you a portable checkpoint that even replenishes your lifes.The story of the game is told via monologues, depending on your choices of levels, these and the ending will differ. While I don't want to spoil anything, the story actually makes sense and even an explanation for those parcours is given.All in all, this is a very decent game, it's challenging but enjoyable - if you are OK with a lot of trial and error. Like I said, masochist or great love for these kind of games."
,Recommended,262390,33789648,Posted: 25 July,all,KeineGnade,"THis game is fast paced and fun with an interesting story and beautiful sceneries and graphics. The levels are intricately designed for you to balance a bit of fast paced movement and fun wall running and platforming with a bit of combat. THe levels are made for you to speedrun, but there are paths that are easier for the more casual player for the payment of a few seconds. The skilled player can take the hardder and faster route.The music is beautiful and kicks up in the levels to add to the high intesnity and fast paced movementIF YOU CANNOT RUN THE GAME CHECK IF YOU HAVE EVOLVE OPEN. I do not know why, but I sat around for an hour figuring out why it wouldn't start and read there evolve prevents the game from even starting which is odd. Anyways, owning this game got me a coupon for Super Cloudbuilt which is a remaster/remake kind of with new code designed to make the game better. This version is still very solid and fun. The graphics still hold up to this day and the game looks amazing and plays well."
,Recommended,262390,34515522,Posted: 26 August,all,Hado4Real,"Coming from a guy who doesn't typically like games that are primarily platformers, Cloudbuilt has definitely become an exception to rule for me.The game runs buttery smooth and that's important since the feeling of movement is the biggest draw for playing the game. (enable Vsync)The controls for mouse and keyboard are responsive the way it needs to be.I haven't tried it with a controller but the preferred method for controlling your camera is with a mouse hands down, especially if you plan to compete on the leaderboards.Each new level progressively becomes more difficult, but never seems impossible for those who take the time learn course."
,Recommended,262390,12028580,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Squirtlez,"Not a game, a way of life."
76561198044248270,Recommended,262390,10936100,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kenrod,Best parkour-platformer game i saw this year. Very interesting and challenging to play.
,Recommended,262390,9615802,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Septyllian,"Anyone looking for a speedrunning game similar to Dustforce, look no further. It's got lasers, robots, jetpacks, and PARKOUR. You'll be sure to spend hours finding ways to shave off those extra couple seconds for A and S rank. Try not to break your keyboard in half as you thread yourself through tight openings as you boost the tears away."
,Recommended,262390,28249990,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Inulunar,"Don't you dare compare this to mirrors edge, this game is truly a masterpiece.Got story if you're into that kinda stuff.Got a global high score board if you're a badass.Got speed.Got art.Got love <3You might say this game is heaven, sci-fi in the clouds <3"
76561198087282078,Recommended,262390,12418999,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,5150,"YES.... HELL YES!!! It's challenging, yet playable. It's fast, yet thought provoking. The more you play it, the more you have to play it, you have to keep finding new paths and new ways around obsticals. I play this game alone, with friends... hell, me and my buddies will even get drunk and play, NOW THATS A CHALLENGE! Can't say enough about it, just... YES, HELL YES!!!"
,Recommended,262390,12401688,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Nappael,"If you enjoy speedrunning, and the mindset of working against a game that really doesn't want you to survive, this is a pretty great game. The controls are precise, the gameplay fun, and the levels incredibly difficult. When you are starting off, that difficulty can sometimes come across as being a little unfair, but you quickly learn to adjust. Speed is the important thing, not worrying about enemies.I'd also recommend it if you enjoy advanced movement techniques, as there are some once you get to slightly higher level play."
,Recommended,262390,16638306,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LagMasterSam,"I'm tempted to say this is one of the most underrated games out there, except that it's definitely not the kind of game for everyone. It's almost entirely a trickjumping/speedrunning/platforming game in terms of gameplay. There is some shooting to get rid of obstacles, turrets, and occasional robotic enemies, but the shooting is definitely secondary to the movement mechanics. In most cases it's possible, and even optimal, to ignore things that can be shot. However, you can only do that if you know what you're doing and you can execute your movements correctly and quickly. In general, the game is very good about providing multiple movement and shooting options with tradeoffs between safety and speed.This game truly excels at providing a sense of speed. Even the basic movement feels overwhelmingly fast when you first start playing. Using the advanced movement feels almost unmanageable at first, and you quickly realize that trying to maintain high speed efficiently is going to require serious mastery of both the movement mechanics and individual map knowledge. However, this ends up being a positive rather than a negative because of how cleanly the controls for this game handle. The game feels simultaneously responsive and fluid without being jerky or floaty. I'm not sure I've ever played a game that makes me feel so in control of so much speed/power while also feeling like there's so much room for my personal improvement.The early levels are not too difficult to complete by taking all the easy paths and muddling through. However, the most difficult levels sometimes leave you feeling like a miracle is going to be required to complete them. But, because of the excellent controls, reproducing those miracles becomes increasingly easy as you practice. Essentially, the skill cap for this game is enormous, but the progress toward that cap feels remarkably consistent.The movement mechanics are obviously the most important part of this game, but the graphics and narrative are also excellent. All of these aspects (movement mechanics, aesthetics, and story) are tied together very well to make a unified theme. In other words, no aspect of the game feels gimmicky because of how it all ties together. And, of course, the game also has leaderboards with alternate options such as infinite energy, least energy used, one hit kills you, etc.I strongly recommend this game if you like very high-speed, very challenging 3D platforming."
,Recommended,262390,26474680,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,og gangster,It's good
,Recommended,262390,9832390,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Dostende,"This is the game I'd make if I had the persistence to actually finish making a game for once.As far as non-gameplay things go, it fulfills a bunch of criteria I've always had that I've never seen combined into a single game before.1. It's visually unique and colorful.2. The main character's a woman for once.3. She's got high tech armor with jets!4. She's not sexualized!5. The story is surreal and personal.6. There's very little violence. The only things you shoot are totally inhuman robots and turrets, and often times the best option is to run past them instead of fight.And for gameplay, it combines all my favorite things:1. It's fast. Real fast.2. It forces you to repeat things until you perfect them, with zero loading time between runs.3. It has countless moments that make you think ""nailed it!"".4. Your main competitor is yourself.I only have two minor complains.1. The levels are very open with multiple paths, but some of the paths feel completely pointless. You get the sense that not everything was placed with thought and purpose.2. The controls are not quite as tight as they could be. I often find myself wondering, ""Why did my character just do that?"" That being said, this feeling seems to be waning as I play more, so I guess they just take some time getting used to."
76561198103308228,Recommended,262390,29136234,Posted: 8 January,all,[PHL$]lox921 [FR],"This game is simply beautiful, Unfortunately,it and too hard for me But it remains an excellent gameIf one ignores the fact that your character just poses too much of a question (which makes it a mill has word)Too much way! There is passage everywhere!Fallen, fallen, fallen, fallen again!You have no wing, but you fly anyway!This game will kill you! Just to amuse himself, he looks at you with a vicious smile!... good luck player!"
76561197996670370,Recommended,262390,9750170,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,MeatRocket8,Really good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Would recommend if you like the sound of Megaman mixed with Mirrors Edge and raging so hard your voice goes hoarse and you contemplate killing yourself. 5 Stars.
,Recommended,262390,9578371,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ddbk,"Have been looking forward to this game for quite a long time.Still. Exceeded. Expectations.The feeling while playing this game is quite awesome and worth grabing this gem (full price isn't that high, must go for it if on sale).Welcome to parkour with a jetpack and a PEW PEW gun !@Steam : please feature this gem"
,Recommended,262390,9592719,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Abstract Debauchery,"It's like Mirror's Edge, but on crack with jet packs."
,Recommended,262390,16590760,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Linkblade,Extremely MEGA ULTIMATE DELUXE for Movement Junkies! Those who likes Unreal Tournament Movement will love this! I am already addicted
,Recommended,262390,11414066,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,IncrediBurch,"8/10 - Highly recommended if you like fast-paced 3D platformers.This game is a solid mix of gameplay elements from classic series like Sonic The Hedghog and Mega Man X in a 3D Platformer.It's a speedy platforming game with light shooter elements. Your character has rocket boosters that let you dash fast, jump far, wall run vertically and horizontally to reach the goal point. Occasionally, you'll have small enemies and obstacles that you can blast with your laser gun. For tougher foes and barriers, the gun has a charged shot to destroy them.The game does employ the use of a lives system. Run out of lives and you have to start a stage over again. You'll earn extra lives when completing a stage, or find them in the stages. Also, you are given a custom checkpoint that can be placed anywhere in a stage (you can pick up extras while in a stage). When you place one, your lives are replenished up to 6. And the checkpoint will last until you clear the stage or lose are your lives.Your character is a woman in the army of the world who was wounded in a failed mission. Inside her own head as her body recovers, she recalls the events that brought her to this point, and comptemplates the meanings of the dreams she has of running through the obstacle courses in the sky.The music in the game is nice mix of atmospheric melodies and upbeat electronic tracks to get you into the rhythm of the stages.I recommend a controller if you have one. Default control scheme isn't very inuitive, but you can customize the button layout in the options menu."
,Recommended,262390,10922392,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Argle Bargle,"The floor is lava, the walls are glue, and you have 5 seconds to get a glass of water from the kitchen while I hit you with this baseball bat."
76561198019404398,Recommended,262390,13277851,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ken-oh,"Fun, beautiful looking platformer that makes you go fast. Only downside is a pretentious, asinine story."
,Recommended,262390,13399493,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,moondog,"Jetpack Waifu Parkour Simulator, what else could you want?Naa but srsly great game, I'm a bit dissapointed by how easy it is and how little ""flow"" there seems to be at times, but its still a blast. (Pun Intended)"
,Recommended,262390,10960259,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dakota,sonic off crack + mirrors edge on crack
,Recommended,262390,10931801,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ciaran de na Masc,"This game is about speed and keeping your momentum, it can suck you in pretty fast and get you in the zone in no time.That being said, the controlls are a bit unforgiving if you are used to game like Assassin's Creed or Prince of Persia, in which you just point the direction you want to go and the game does the rest, parkouring on ""auto-mode"". Cloudbuilt is more like Mirror's Edge in that you have full controll over your characters movements, that means that you can do what you want, but it also mens you MUST DO all the work yourself, every jump, every turn, every shot and every dash is under your controll and yours alone.It might be overwhelming at first, but you'll get the hand of it eventually and it'll feel awesome, that' why I don't say it as a bad thing at all. Plus, the ability to set the checkpoint locations yourself instead of having to go through the entire level again is awesome in this case because it let's you re-do things exactly from the part you missed.To me, this game is the closest to what I imagine a 3D version of the Megaman X series could look like, because X7 was terrible, and X8 was barely acceptable. :PIf you like a speedy, highly dinamic game, with an intresting art-style that' not realistic but also not entirely cartoonish, and don't mind a bit of trial and error gameplay, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,262390,11012221,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Discoconut,"Before I say anything, I'd like to preface by mentioning that the developers ARE working on a fix for this problem. But please read before buying:I can't say whether or not I would recommend this game yet. I've encountered what seems to be a somewhat common problem of the character loading as a mess of polygons that moves in a really irregular manner that looks NOTHING like the model. Apparently this is linked to an issue surrounding Intel GPUs. Until a patch has been released to fix the problem, I'd dissuade anyone with an Intel GPU from spending money on this game yet.Looks pretty promising and from what little I could manage to play, it seems like it'll be fun. Just waiting for the patch for now."
76561198081043975,Recommended,262390,19898597,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sully,"So, I beat Cloudbuilt. It only took about 4 hours, but I can tell I'll be back for more. However, I’ll probably only play the opening 3/4ths of the levels in this game, because the entire last 4th of the game is a goddamn mess.Let's go over some of the pros and cons.Pros:-looks great and runs excellently-great electronic soundtrack that really adds to the ambience, great sound design and Demi (the MC) has good voice acting-gameplay is a hell of a lot of fun-level designs for the most part are a blast-concept is neat-Demi controls great, the sense of speed is perfect-satisfying gameplay that encourages replayabilityCons:-the gun-the enemies-later levels*Story:The story, all in all, is actually pretty cool. You basically play as a military veteran of an unspecified country after a bomb has severely wounded her and her squad- you control her in her coma dreams as she grapples with her unfortunate situation. While the writing can be extremely ham-fisted at times, Demi has good enough voice acting that it's at least tolerable. That being said, what's most interesting are the multiple paths- as you progress through the game it splits off into different interpretations of Demi's injuries, resulting in 4 very distinct endings about how she has coped with the accident, which I found very cool. This story, while unnecessary, is a neat idea.*Gameplay:Here’s what you wanna buy this game for. Demi controls well, moves quick, and shoots guns fast. The moment to moment gameplay in Cloudbuilt is simply exhilarating, jumping and dashing through the variety of terrain. The jetpack, a refueling boost maneuver greatly increases tension in the game. It never quite feels like you have enough to make things safely, but you usually do, which provides excellent tension and incentivizes learning your momentum and your remaining gas. The level design incentivizes this blend of speed and percision, and it feels very rewarding to even *beat* a level. It feels really damn good to play Cloudbuilt, and I’ll definitely be coming back to mess around with Demi's kit.* Design:And here's where the game, frankly, ♥♥♥♥s it all up. Level designs from the initial 3/4ths of the game are great and challenging, encouraging fast, on the fly movement with split second reactions and timing due to a very prominent design choice of multiple branching paths through the level. Levels are designed well for these parts, filled with hazards and enemies to kill in large but fair numbers, allowing the player to skillfully dodge weapon fire. However, as the game progresses the open and branching levels become small and cramped, filled with annoying enemies with too much health and too much accuracy. The game goes from challenging but fair to infuriatingly and unnaturally hard, jamming the great pacing of the game to a halt as you have to learn patterns and memorize levels. However, to add to frustration, you have a life system, something of a cardinal sin in hard platformers, which, instead of adding tension instead adds further irritation. These last levels are boring and time consuming, and you'll soon be wishing for the open walls and platforms of the previous levels. Also, ♥♥♥♥ the enemies in this game man. They are incredibly irritating and add nothing to the challenge of the game properly, instead just introducing a terribly implemented shooting system with pathetically weak bullets and poor auto-aim, against powerful enemies with razor-sharp aim. At top speed you need the reaction time of freaking Neo from the Matrix to hit some of these things, and most take multiple hits, put up a shield, then heal to full health. Oh, did I mention your gun has limited ammo? Yeah, it has 5 shots then needs a reload. Moving, boosting and shooting at the same time is like trying to rub your head and pat your tummy at the same time. Its ridonkulous. This game would be so much better without combat, as it simply drags it down. Some of the mazelike level design can also let a player get lost, and without Mirrors Edge's great ""LOOK WHERE YOU NEED TO GO"" key, getting lost is easy as hell. It's hard to criticize a game for being difficult, as that was the intended nature of the game. But when something becomes difficult and changes what made earlier levels fun, then it becomes a big problem.*Presentation:Overall, the game looks and runs DAMN good. The crosshatch-shading art-style looks great and you can clearly define everything in the environment. The shading and lighting need special interest as they in particular look excellent. The games soundtrack is an energetic electronic piece, really keeping up the tempo during tough times. The game also runs great- I ran the game at max settings with a decent rig and it ran like butter, aside from some moments during the last level of one path (Redeployment) causing some slowdown from all the♥♥♥♥♥♥on screen.Overall:Despite the last levels sucking, Cloudbuilt is a hell of a lot of fun.  Despite the widest portion of this review complaining  about the toughness of the last few levels, they're not mandatory and are unconsequential. In the end, MOST of Cloudbuilt is great fun. I don't know if it's worth 20 big ones, but I can tell you that if you can get it on sale for lower than $15, grab it, because it's great fun. Just mind those last levels, eh?8/10"
,Recommended,262390,9706755,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Rynex,"A blend of Super Meat Boy and Megaman X, while adding an extra dimension to the two. The game is a speedrunners dream, but skull-crushingly difficult. If you're going to buy this game, go in with the expectation that you are going to have a hell of a time beating it. Dev support seems to be planned out for some time, so this game is looking to improve drastically over time.It's a hard game that remains fun, and it teaches you the art of patience in many ways."
,Recommended,262390,12267942,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dave_the_Turnip,"Cloudbuilt is heavily inspired by Mirror's Edge, and like that game, one wonders why combat features so heavily when the platforming is enjoyable enough on its own, but it all ties into the game's larger theme and tale. Cloudbuilt is not a polished game by any means, but its core should be enough for some."
,Recommended,262390,17291961,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Cheaterhater,"I gave this game another try one year after I last played it, and I really enjoy it now. The concept is simple: You gotta go fast from A to B (Parkour, essentially). Obstacles will be your least concern, however; you'll face various enemies which will quite often make you fall off the platform you're standing on - if they don't outright shoot you. Each map features various alternative paths that you can take; for instance, you can try to avoid your enemies, or you can choose the direct approach and shoot them before they shoot you. Quite often you can also choose between a risky, but fast path or a safer, slower one; whatever suits you more.You also have a jet pack to aid you, but use it with caution - Running out of fuel when there's no ground below you is not fun. Speaking of which: Since the game is set in a surrealistic dream-world, there are no laws of physics to confine what a map can look like, which allows for a big variety of map layouts.But back to my first point: Why did I quit this game for a year after a mere 3 hours of playing? The answer is: It's hard. If you're new to the game (and even if you're not), you're going to die a lot. This causes a lot of frustration, but in turn makes it jsut as rewarding if you actually succeed.Therefore: Play this game if you like extremely fast-paced gameplay and are not afraid of failure. Other pros include a great soundtrack and having multiple alternative endings."
76561197960931103,Recommended,262390,16285128,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,caruch2001,"Wow…Cloudbuilt is an insanely challenging “get to the finish the fastest” game. A speed runner’s delight! While this is not my type of game, I still played a few hours of it until I couldn’t go any further. Make no mistake about it, these levels get hard very quickly. You can run along walls, boost up the face of a wall and almost forge your own path to the goal. Your only limit is your skill.The learning curve is strong. There’s not many moves you can do but the combination of things you do can have you reach places you wouldn’t expect and completely change a level’s progression.The controls are VERY tight and responsive. The jumping/boosting/climbing mechanics are all sharp, as they should be. A game like this needs to get the controls right, which I think they did here.The art style and graphics are very good. The scratchy/drawn environment is very fresh and new feeling to me. Everything was nicely rendered and it really is a beautiful game.Music and voice acting were good. I noticed a lot of repeating with the music but it was still a nice beat.Pros+VERY challenging+Mechanics and controls are rock solid+Constant 60FPS+Beautifully styled graphics+Different modes of play per level+Steam Workshop. Play custom levels+Level editorCons+VERY challenging (beware if it’s a turn off to you)7/10Above averageBottom line: Overall a great game. If you are into speed running you need to pick this up ASAP. You will get a ton of hours and replay value. Well worth the full price. However, the difficulty is very high so you will need to spend a lot of time with this game to get good. If you’re looking to casually go through it, I would say steer clear."
,Recommended,262390,9601139,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Virizian,"Very fun game. The movement is fast and fluid, and it feels fun to move through the levels. I've only played the first two levels so far but I really like the gameplay."
,Recommended,262390,13655767,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Reubensandwichthe1st,Best Sonic game out there -IGN 201410/10 would speed boast to save my self again
,Recommended,262390,10771994,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BlacXstaR,Very Adictive. I revive my Mirror Edge Time but in a fater way.
,Recommended,262390,23814912,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Artorias,"Beautiful art style, great gameplay, level design and soundtrack."
,Recommended,262390,23880354,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Harvest,This is what 3D Sonic The Hedgehog should've been.
76561198091470411,Recommended,262390,9580698,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,bla914ck,"Solid speed runner with multiple ways to complete each map although it does have a very painful difficulty curve, but I love this pain :)"
,Recommended,262390,22902883,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FourthToe,"Jayden smith level writingFun, yet difficult gameplayExeptional music7/10 Pretty good in my opinionNeeds an option to disable profanity.  I don't want to go into the game files or disable all sounds but the music so I can play with siblings around. I didn't know this game was going to have profanity in it."
,Recommended,262390,10613644,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CultClassic,Amazing amazing game!!
,Recommended,262390,10933833,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sGs.salp,"Only did the tutorial and watched some speedrun pathing videos from SDA, but so far the impression is near impeccable.I love the speed, graphics, atmosphere and music. Engine seems quite optimised so far and running FPS cap is highly recommended.All in all the making of a great parcours / 3rd person platformer with a lot of potential for speedrunning."
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,262390,14704200,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Puddle,"This game has 3 glaring problems that make it hard to recommend.1st and probably the biggest is the use of a life system. The game is very tough and relies on a trial and error type system ala hot line miami. However it forces you to restart regardless of any checkpoints after you run out of lives. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this and it made me quit the game.2nd would be the limitations set by the boost bar. Its damn near impossible to tell if you have enough boost to pull off a jump or something you are trying to do and everything is tied into the same bar. Jumping, sprinting and boosting up walls are all limited to one boost bar. I dont think the game would have been ""cheated"" even if boosts where unlimited and you could only jump twice.3rd would be the dumb idea to add a shooting mechanic and enimies. I cant tell you how many times ♥♥♥♥ing rockets and mines ruined my game. It was a stupid idea and the game should have been focused on platforming not shooting.Other minor gripes are the level design, while visually apealing, left me often confused and wondering where the hell to go. Sometimes I felt like I was going in circles or backtracking. Also the story is uneeded and frankly boring. Between levels the game spouts vauge exposition at you that can easily be skiped without missing anything.The soundtrack is very good and I do recommend buying that. In fact its easily worth more than the game is in my eyes. There is a new track for each stage and I loved all the ones I heard. Good job on that guys.The platforming is very good and it feels amazing to pull off crazy moves when the game lets you. Its just a shame the limits that were placed on the game along with the one button for everything control scheme ruined a potentially great game."
,Not Recommended,262390,30001039,Posted: 17 February,all,PunaniTsunami,"I had higher expectations for this game than it delivered. That's on me. If you think there's a great story to this, there isn't. It's a series of levels you climb through that escalate drastically in difficulty. The main point of this game is to speedrun these levels to improve on your letter grade and score. If this could be done in real time multiplayer maps, this game would have more replay value for me. But it's just not my jam because of its repetition and, in my personal opinion, a clunky control system that finds difficulty in striking that fine balance between fluid movement and engaging shootouts.Buy this game if...You like the art style - it's blissful cell-shaded goodness that borrows from that anime style and touches of Borderlands 2. I'm a huge fan of it.A killer soundtrack that's amped-up trance and house. It's an electronic soundtrack at its finest, and pairs very well with the range of serene-to-chaotic vistas.Like movement-focused games that go so far as to include crazy wall-running schemes and things of the sort. The scheme will take some time to learn as the shooting mechanics can be more intrusive than cool, which ultimately kills fhe flow of the game for me.You want an interesting game to speedrun and enjoy actively competing against your own times in levels. Ultimately, you want to strive to become the best in a level. Or the game.Do NOT buy this game if...You expected a gripping storyYou expected a fluid movement system with easy controls (be it on a keyboard or controller)Environments that, as beautiful as they are, offer the same obstacles in different color palettesIn a nutshellBased on the price of this game on sale or retail, the value isn't in it for story buffs or people that want a great freerunning game with engaging environments. It is, however, candy for the eyes and ears."
,Not Recommended,262390,33686179,Posted: 20 July,all,CATCH PHRASE,"Too buggy. There are many instances where the controls you have in mind and the way the game receives those inputs just don't mix.I LOVE the ideas in this, and have no other drawbacks or complaints, but I had to get a refund. The decisiveness of the game in what maneuvers you try to make needs a lot of work."
76561198018821714,Recommended,262390,33774367,Posted: 24 July,all,drewbicus,"Easily the fastest, most hard core parkour game I have found on Steam. 10/10 if you have the STONES to handle it."
,Recommended,262390,10286892,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Eris!,This is what happens when Megaman and Super Meat Boy jerk off in each other's mouths.
,Recommended,262390,29302336,Posted: 16 January,all,Goblin,if this game killed my son id still love it
,Recommended,262390,10923893,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Barkly,"Great artstyle. Great music. Great gameplay. Great game.Think of this as a mix of mirrors edge and a good 3d sonic the hedgehog game (its hard to imagine a good 3d sonic game, i know) and you kinda have an idea of what this game is.If you like to play a stage over and over again to improve yourself this game should be a no brainer, GET IT."
76561198020766718,Recommended,262390,13033374,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,aCdhell,Mirrors Edge meets Wipeout?love it.
76561198027036833,Recommended,262390,11325901,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Trimp Chucken,"Lightning fast platforming fun! Not near as hard as people make it out to be. Though later levels are quite challenging.A controller is strongly recommended for this game as the controls are well designed and flow naturally for it. The mouse and keyboard controls on the other hand are not as well thought out. I had immense trouble doing any of the platforming mechanics right until i plugged in my controller!All in all, the flow is quite easy to get the hang of, letting almost anyone jump straight in and start darting all over the place."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,262390,13278353,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"So let me start by saying I am not good at this game, like at all... I blame the wonky controls for which I have run out of patience trying to master, specifically jumping between walls while wall running is beyond my skill level.  So this negative review could just be a case of ""learn to play noob,"" but I lack the motivation to lean so I’m giving up instead.Also the graphics could have been great but the art lead thinks heavy pencil shading is pretty, but for me it just makes it hard to focus on anything while running because all the hard shading blurs together."
,Recommended,262390,12388516,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,JeanClaudeVanMAN,"Loading times are a little long but contols are very responsive, defiitely worth the price"
76561198046233849,Recommended,262390,12449029,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,『DJ-CatPumpkin』,"Free-style boosting ""Find your own path"" parkour....Glorious..."
,Recommended,262390,12253272,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Naxej,Super meat boy meet Mirror's edge.
76561198052562356,Not Recommended,262390,16632656,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Habi,Were the controls designed by a six year old?Go play mirrors edge instead.
,Not Recommended,262390,11050989,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Morden865,"Bought during Summer Sale. Clunky, bad controls. When you attempt a move you are ""teleported"" rather than seeing what you did to get there. Almost like having bad lag."
76561198037086289,Not Recommended,262390,11075836,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,AdrenalineHigh,"Fun game, gives you quite a rush early on. Later it seems like half the levels have a section or two that requires a dozen tries. Here's the deal breaker to me: There's a bug that causes the game to freeze if you die too many times, so you loose your checkpoints.MOST of the time when you die a lot at a spot, the game will give you a prompt which you can exit by using ""Esc"". Some of the time when you press it, that's it. Say goodbye to progress you hard won, enjoy staring at a frozen death screen.Worth it if it's on sale 75% off. Otherwise this bug is too much."
,Not Recommended,262390,11744564,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,GreenBeetle,"I had seen a few reviews and watched some gameplays and the game seemed to be awesome. Fast paced action, yeah. It was on a sale, so I decided to give it a try. I've played the game for 5 minutes. From the very moment it started and I've realized how camera motion worked, I knew I had made a bad business buying this. It hurts my eyes so badly and makes me feel so nauseous... just like the old school FPS games (Wolfenstein, Quake, Doom) and sometimes a few newer ones like Badlands, especially the first installment. Horrendous camera, I couldn't wait to stop playing just to write this review to prevent people with very sensitive eyesight and those who suffer from motion sickness or labyrinthitis from buying it. I even wanted to know what happens next the tutorial level, but I can't handle it. Feels like torture."
,Not Recommended,262390,11225984,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Stolko,"I wanted to like this game, but I can't.Between the garbage optimizating (an absolute NO when making a platformer), bipolar level design (where the first levels are good and then it just goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the pretentious as hell story (hurr hurr i need to be a little girl and i need to listen to emotions okay lol) I just can't see a reason to like this game.I saw this game and said ""Is this ♥♥♥♥ing Sonic Generations but with Megaman Zero elements?"" And wow did the first few stages sure bring a feeling of that together. But when you realize every stage runs at 25 fps (on a 660 gtx on lowest, ABOVE THE RECOMMENDED) at 1080p, all you can feel is pure disappointment.If there's ever a sequel to this game, I really hope they fix all the issues surrounding it. More action, more fun levels, more emphasis on exploring the levels too would be great, less pretentious story telling and more mindless runny gunny platforming.I just can't believe I ended up not liking this game, when it has everything I like."
,Not Recommended,262390,10945503,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,uncolober,"I always hated wall-running in 3d platformers as I've never seen it work adequately. Not a single 3D platformer that I liked even utilized the stupid mechanic. And this game is ""Wallrunning: The 3D Platformer.""Maybe this floorless gameplay and focus on speedrunning just aren't my thing. What I find really bad, though, is the story. Both script and delivery are pretentious yet quite amateurish. To hell with this thing."
,Recommended,262390,10913608,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Regn,THIS. IS. AWESOME!
76561197997827151,Recommended,262390,9597246,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,GOTTA GO FAST,This is the most frustrating game i ever played.
76561198073889538,Not Recommended,262390,13313803,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,SirAzariah,"This game was really fun! Until the levels got impossable. And it got too hard way too fast. About 15 levels into it, its way too hard for anyone to beat. It was extreamely disappointing because i was having so much fun with it before the developers implemented unreal expectations. You can spend hours on a single level and never pass it. This game sucks."
,Not Recommended,262390,13599598,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bonesinger,"I revisited the game, and I still find it infuriating.It's a speedrunner's game and you need a LOT of skill. Not a bit, a ♥♥♥♥ing lot. Oh, and it's not like you can just complete the stages as slowly as you can, you HAVE to be fast.The levels can be incredibly confusingThe game is pretty and the soundtrack is awesome, but it lacks the most important thing: fun factor. There's no fun in learning, no fun in losing, no fun in winning with a B rank."
,Not Recommended,262390,17464452,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,RedPh0enix,"a collosal waste of time and money. when i first bought it...it took the devs 8 months just to fix a glitch that made my character a bunch of polygons. but u know, this wouldve been quite forgivable if by the time i got to play it the game wasnt absolute S***.   This is one of those games that makes you want to tear your hair out because it is too hard.  Some people seem to play it.  I don't understand those people.  this is NOT like mirrors edge by any means.  You regularly fly off screen just for holding a key a second too long, and you have limited respawns.  So if you make a mistake, which will happen often, it just starts you off back at the beginning of the level.  the platforming mechanism is just the worst i've ever seen.  People like a challenge.  but nobody likes a game that takes your money and says ""f*** you i am superior"""
,Recommended,262390,9630148,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,shots,thsi game rules
,Recommended,262390,10925746,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[Fran],Feels like you're doing a speed run through Mirror's Edge as Megaman.10/10 would run again.
,Recommended,262390,18829262,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Horkus,"I find the art style and music to be very appealing. The controls take a bit of getting used to, but are very responsive once you get the hang of things. The difficulty can be a bit of a negative for some, but I think for this kind of platformer it's a must. I also really like the level editor, and always enjoy looking through the community creations. It reminds me of when I was younger and was hooked on Marble Blast. My only regret is that the community is pretty small these days, so there aren't too many people making levels. 100% recommended to anyone who enjoys really fast-paced platforming."
,Not Recommended,262390,23810216,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ibaudia,"Ridiculous jumps in dificulty and wonky wallrunning mechanics make the entire experience one gratuitously hard, short, unimpressive, frustrating expereince.Some sections are so hard they can take days to complete through repitition, and considering you have limited lives for absolutely no reason at all, that's a horrible thing from a player's perspective, as going through an area you've already seen multiple times to reach something you don't really want to do but need to in order to progress is horribly unfun. That will happen to you, by the way. Even if you're a gaming god. Cloudbuilt has something hidden up its sleve specifically for people like you.Enemies serve only to break the flow of gameplay. They make things minutely harder and more annoying in some sections and completely slow the game to a crawling pace in others, not to mention they're pratcically invisible on some graphical settings since they share similar textures to the backgrounds or terrain in some areas.Glitches still exist since the dev seems reluctant to patch them due to the fact that it might affect speedrunning times, so if you fly through some wall at some point or get stuck on a decoration and die trying to get back to the main course, or even worse, get hit by an unbelivably large hitbox of an enemy which you can't see because you have the graphics turned down, you know who to blame.The death spiral in the final level is an immediate -1 modifier in itself, since you can know exactly what you need to do and how you need to do it, but still get ♥♥♥♥ed once you hit an area that you haven't memorized because you would need inhuman reaction times to properly charge a shot and hit the 69 things that suddenly block you from progressing. You can't stop during this section either, since you're wallrunning, which I will now explain.The wallrunning mechanics feel like crap, mostly becuase they rely on you using a limited resource, which sucks, and it, for some reason, expects you not to press space at any point during the run lest you ♥♥♥♥ing fly in a seemingly random direction, which also sucks. It also makes you drop like 20 frames when you're running at some specific angles, which really ♥♥♥♥s with your perspective.Anything I didn't mention in so far is pretty good, like 9/10 I'd say. Soundtrack, overall visual appeal, the built-in speedrunning mode, oh wait not the story though.♥♥♥♥ the story, it makes only some sense and tries to be artsy when it just comes across as pretnetious. Maybe I'm just dumb, though. You might like it. The game I mean, not the story. you'll invariably hate that.Plays similarly to how reading the word bologna feels/10-Really Weird Analogy magazine"
76561197999233635,Recommended,262390,10580033,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ReaGeous,They give you 5 bullets to shoot at the sky in frustration when you fall off the course.
76561198136605856,Recommended,262390,10649288,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MrMirage1993,I broke my Keyboard just to get an A
,Not Recommended,262390,19639052,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,AceDelta,DOESNT EVEN WORK!! DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198025531415,Recommended,262390,30120279,Posted: 23 February,all,wrongstuff,Absolutely phenomenal
,Recommended,262390,10222490,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,nakaVS,"Only started scratching the surface, but it's obviously a solid game and a steal at 9 bucks.  Enjoy the occasional time trial, Mega Man X 2 movement/weapon mechanics,  or Sonic game? Of course you like to go fast..."
,Recommended,262390,10923206,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Red_Player,Only a filthy casual would not like this game.
76561197964366561,Recommended,262390,10851833,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,-nAn00k-,"cool game, fun runing"
,Recommended,262390,10206711,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Endir,"A game with Charming graphics and a lovely soundtrack, challenging and fun. a must have!"
,Recommended,262390,25743695,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BIBORAN,Super
76561198091858272,Recommended,262390,14300587,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Toumato,want to try crack without actually trying crack? this game is your chance. i've been having a bit of a dry spell when it comes to games i've enjoyed and this has been that glowing exception. of all the games i've played in my 15 years of gaming its definitely in my top 5 games.
76561198053069485,Recommended,262390,13800413,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mo0d,10/10
76561198055537710,Recommended,262390,13812914,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HilariousMocha9,one of the best speed runner
76561198052158214,Recommended,262390,16208250,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Great Spirit,Hard as ♥♥♥♥! Period.OVER 9000 /10
,Recommended,262390,9707617,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Fluffy,"9.5/10what are you waiting for?[parkour]the main aspect of the game is the parkour, wallrunning,wallclimbing and boosting allover the place.and Cloudbuilt does this really well.the game is rock hard so dont expect a sunny walk on the beach here.[combat]the combat is ok, nothing too new or special here.however there are some enemies that are unkillable / will rebuild themselves after a set period of time,and personally i don’t like that.the game has a system of lives that goes down each time you reset on a level,you can increase the max cap of lives by completing levels on good times in both normal and other modes.i do not like this system, as it forces player to redo parts of the level that you already master just to practise on the harder parts.and if you go for a speedrun you would naturally reset the level if you die anyway.[level design]the levels are very open and full of options to get to the finish line,but on the harder levels you will find some bits that are forced down only one, often very hard path.[graphics]my PC rig is medium to high but i can’t really push this game beyond 70 FPS.the game has some interesting filter on all objects, which makes things melt together at times.if i have to compare the artstyle to something the closest would be sanctum 2.[music]amazing, just amazing.[notable things]sometimes the boost button is unresponsive and the chaining delay between some moves are to high.spend some time in the practise area, you will be surprised of what you find and learn.if you begin to wallrun/wallclimb/or fall down a wall there is no easy way to switch, one failed jump and you are doomed.the tutorial doesn’t cover everything, and it can take some time to notice if you can grab on a wall or if you will fall of for example.[suggestions]more modes, no enemies maybe?steam achievements.make disc turrets not shoot trough walls...more wide open levels.make all enemies permanently killable in some way."
,Recommended,262390,9631072,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,PnS.The Penis is Evil!,This game is full of fasts
,Recommended,262390,9682633,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Pyron3rd,"Gorgeous, fast and fun as hell. What more could you want?Just be wary of the high skill ceiling. It feels like it's too damn hard for me to complete :("
76561198022776347,Recommended,262390,9611876,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Waggle,"Seriously fun game, but frustratingly difficult at points. I'm a very competent gamer, but there's a point where even your above average audience is going to pull their hair out. That part, where you wall-run up in a spiral, and there's mines, and other mines, and gaps in the wall, that goes up and up forever then into a straight spot with more of the same? Ya that part.I get that you need to practice, and I am able to get A rank. But then there's enemies that follow you around, and you can't kill them, and the level design is complicated enough that have to look to see where to go. I end up just sitting there, waiting for it to electrocute me, and then shooting it. But you have spots where there's an endless stream of those enemies, and 2 AOE guns that take several powered shots, and lasers, and mines...and....Yeah.Most of the later levels I've found myself beating it by luck alone. Especially the part where the round balls are falling down the square chute and you have to run up the wall, bouncing from side to side..I ended up just triggering the mines, falling down, waiting for them to end, and then going up at my own pace. I mean, is it even possible for the human body to react in time for that, and then have the character move in time?"
,Recommended,262390,26022030,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kygazi,its alright but controls are weird
,Recommended,262390,17755564,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Loliebayed,"ever wanted to play megaman but with 99% less enemies and 99 times more fall deaths?  Also with a female character because who wants to listen to a boy grunt and struggle.I'd probably have played it more than an hour or two if the wall running wasn't so awkward.  I can wall run all day on Warframe but on this she keeps stopping on the wall, trying to run directly up the wall, jumping off but not in the direction I want to go.  Man I kinda miss Warframe.Thanks for the support, apparently I just need to get gud."
,Recommended,262390,31852493,Posted: 19 May,all,Sadman,"Pros:-You can build stage and updload it to workshop-Quite fun game I guess, even tho' there will be a bit rage-Cons:-Quite hard to control and somehow the button not quite responsiveI give it 7/11"
,Recommended,262390,17964537,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,BronzyIslandNYC,"i've barely played this game only because i have 100 games in my steam library and still only have played through half of them. that said, of the little i have played, its fast and furious. reminds me a little of a cross between mega man and shinobi.i will say the game is very very demanding on your pc.p.s.luv the art style. very much like an Image comic.:-)"
,Recommended,262390,26411693,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MegamanXGold,"I'm enjoying this game so far, but as a triple-monitor user, I hope support for that improves in the future.  But that's like hoping every single game has native VR support, so I get it.  It's fun, controls feel wierd though.  I always expect X (PS4 controller) to be jump, and when pressing the right trigger to spin the camera around, suddenly going first-person destroys how well I judge distance.  Besides these nit-picks, the game runs great, feels great, and looks great.  I can't wait to find more time to play. :)"
76561197993668040,Recommended,262390,9664860,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Spiked-Wall Man,"♥♥♥♥ Redeployment, ♥♥♥♥ Redeployment, ♥♥♥♥ this freaking level.Update: Okay, okay... I beat it 3 times... it's okayBut ♥♥♥♥ Defiance"
,Not Recommended,262390,9787939,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Quiddity,"Caveat emptor, paenitet emptio. Though preview video states “Actual in-game graphics!” it fails to mention the footage is NOT ACTUAL GAMEPLAY. Do you enjoy repeatedly falling to untimely death? or being hatefully frustrated by games which you can’t stop playing? Players who enjoy exclaiming things like: ""But I PRESSED the button!"" after their umpteenth attempt definitely ought try Cloudbuilt. I can't in good conscience recommend Cloudbuilt to people I want to remain friends with, unless I know they are slightly masochistic in this regard (though there’s nothing wrong with that).This is NOT an easy game! Cloudbuilt suffers badly from extremely clunky UI metaphors which increase the difficulty far past enjoyable levels. It wants your love, so much! But, it WILL hurt you to show Cloudbuilt the affection it deserves. The game grades your performance every level like an angry, disturbed schoolmistress. If you take the time to “find your way” you will be graded D minus. Presumably, Cloudbuilt’s developers will find their way to inform those with more control over your life than you of your poor standing on the leaderboards.Clearly, since other players on YouTube are always and without fail (or the magic of video editing) able to make Cloudbuilt’s character run and jump like a jetpack-equipped lemur on speed--this is all to do with my terrible talents. Since nobody enjoys considering themselves a bad player, reading over the particular complaints in negative reviews before purchasing may have produced different results (Faidh: “frustrating to the bone because of glitchy controls” --why yes, that right there, what Faidh said!).Wanting to enjoy playing Cloudbuilt is one of the few things lately capable of making me mutter ""I hate you with every fiber of my being"" before immediately resuming my task. Completely trapped and helpless like a rodent in a skinner box. Pushing “Restart Level” over and over until I’d burned through all the buyer’s satisfaction I’d gleaned from purchasing. Then the joy was gone, like a thief in the night, after mugging me for a single twenty. On the surface this game screams ""Enjoy me! I have everything!” Slides, jumps, jetpack boosts, robot monsters, trip mines, pewpewpew, laser barriers, death gaps, leaps of faith, even strawberry jam health as well as an actual health bar. But player desire to zoom around having fun with all this is held very firmly in check by the desire to remain un-splattered over all parts of each level which don't involve staying alive.The level overview maps in the global map/level selection menu bear extremely little resemblance to maps players spawn into. Often in the selection menu only the parts deemed relevant in these partial visual depictions levels is displayed. These are usually the shining high points of each levels’ design. When players run these well-cut jewels of the craft, the intent is to inspire a God-like feeling, as if player’s feet are shod with the glorious golden boots of Mercury the messenger himself. To get this feeling, players must first attempt, reattempt, then re-re-attempt unflinchingly difficult sections of each level. Many iterations through this attempt-reattempt sequence is necessary to be all you can be. However, who I am now doesn’t believe this kind of repetition is a credible aspect of enjoyable gaming. Competent players who’ve already fought in repetition trenches may be woefully unprepared to offer Cloudbuilt as much time as proficiency demands.High hopes for groundbreaking work in this genre are outweighed by roots hearkening back to Sonic The Hedgehog. To be so immediately dashed following a tutorial is a very hard down to earth landing for ""a speedrunner's dream"".  Character is made of glue, you're jumping, now sticking! Don't struggle or you'll... fall! To your death, exactly like that! Often times jumping onto a platform to ascend to, will ultimately finish UNDERNEATH said platform, then falling to untimely death. Perhaps you're just bad at this? Better schedule some practice time, then time for crying in the corner. Because this elementary frustration has backup!The cell-shaded art and promise of Cloudbuilt reminds me somewhat of Jetset Radio Future, an enjoyable puzzle platforming game for the original XBox. The reduced graphics processing requirements of this low bandwidth texturing style keeps framerates exceptionally high. This is important, because it’s always a more positive to witness inevitable falls towards death at a fluid 100FPS. Developers often express that players’ subsequent admissions of defeat and screams of “Why?” are more poetic if their eyes have first feasted upon a sumptuous eye-candy feast rather than subsisted on low-bandwidth gruel. Some say their tears of despair taste all the sweeter for it, too.Always-grab persistent sticky walls are essentially a deal-breaker, because this choice of gecko-metaphor is just not from my usual gaming ecology. Seemingly every time the character gets started with some speed, the stickiness kicks in. The belief inspired by the trailer is that players would be allowed to RUN, not just stop-start little sprints around tiny areas infested with enemies and mines, is yet to be realised. The enemies and traps aren't challenging in that they will prevent you from reaching your objective in a timely manner. They are challenging in that they will straight-up kill you. Often right out of the gate. Often until pure frustration causes a rage-quit error. It's not that they're individually particularly hard to negotiate ways around or kill, it’s there are just too many of them to breeze on by. Unless you can already collect all the rings in “Tails & Knuckles’ Unnecessary Adventure”, presumably.The camera doesn't follow very well. This, and the controls working at least adequately well is largely critical to overall player enjoyment of puzzle platforming. Often times the camera will clip imprecisely through objects and ‘flick’ back to position, by which time players are falling to their deaths. By default, the camera does not readily offer a full view of the entire character, or much area around the character. For a third-person game this is regrettable. Of course, maxing the FOV (to 150degrees) results in extreme fishbowl effect, with not enough extra visibility to warrant the distortion. Maybe the experience would be improved with a control pad? Unfortunately this is Insufficiently supported. Using the in-game menu to bind actions to pad buttons does nothing, although pad analog sticks work for movement and freelook.Of plots, there is barely the vaguest hint. To spoil it completely, player character lies abed in hospital, the end result of wartime military cybernetics. In comatose dreams, players re-live the war environments which brought about this situation. Players can either skip or listen to voice acting of flash-back scripts after each level. Or call up each voice track on a terminal in the convalescence room, or... not. Players can choose to ignore the fertilising manure lovingly spread over the game's exposed roots like a gardeners afterthought. What started out with such promise of a possible story in the tutorial, smells the same either way and the beautiful flowers will bring the bees who will pollinate.So far, Cloudbuilt’s best element is the unique score for each level. So at least while repeating the same run over and over, players can listen to astonishingly stirring music composed for the purpose! I understand why Cloudbuilt’s soundtrack is sold separately, though I’m currently too distressed by my experience of the game to pay for it also."
76561197997463332,Not Recommended,262390,10933046,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TwoScoops,"After about an hour and a half playing this game. I've come to the conclusion that with all the best of intentions, this game is terrible.Here's what this game gets completely wrong:1. FrictionWhat Do I mean by Friction? How your character moves accross the game world. The character's normal movement is disturbingly fast, and it barely feels like the character has any real weight to her. Like she's gliding along like a drunk figureskater. She moves far too fast, especially when the platforms and foot-holds are rather small.2. Enemies and HazardsThere are turrets that can't be killed unless you unload two rounds of ammo into them, floor bots that can't even be stopped, homing missiles that will follow you all around a room. Couple this with difficult movement and narrow areas, and you're bound to get hit. When you get hit, especially in mid-air, you'll be catapulted off the level. This is also terrible when dealing with wall running.All of these things and more likely will attack you from off screen or ambush you around the corner, and you'll barely notice them because of the way the game was designed.3. The boostThere was a level that I could never complete because of how poorly implemented the boost system was. Several instances of this game make me think ""wow no one playtested these levels, only let the devs use some kind of automated tool to determine if a jump could be possibly made or something."" Tall walls with boost re-fills laid about them are actually pointless, why not have infinite boost but only one air jump? This ended up having me miss a long ramp jump several times when in many instances I likely shouldn't have.4. Precision ControlsThis once again goes back to friction. Some things can be solved with adjusting the mouse sensitivity. Also, this game is really meant to be 'played' with a keyboard and mouse. I've tried with game-pads. Avoid them. They function, but with the kind of tricks being asked of players at any point in the story, it's just not worth the headaches. Also, there's severe instances of dealing with how your character moves. Wall running doesn't work unless your mouse/view is aimed at certain angles, then you have to hold the jump button to keep your momentum, and boost to extend or run higher up or along a wall. You'll be flailing your mouse view constantly to make complex jumps that will often miss because so many actions are tied to one button. You'll end up jumping off of walls at the wrong time, the wrong angle, all while under fire from enemies you either can't see, or couldn't deal with in the first place.5. The Art StyleWhile the Art Style is very nice to look at, that's all it's good for. Looking at. The cross-hatched shadows create an obnoxious amount of visual noise, and ultimately barely covers up the fact that the game has a near mono-tone pallete with bare-minimal contrast. This makes noticing enemies, many of which are either difficult or hard to kill in the first place, compound to the frustration. It's good to look at in still frame or for beauty shots, but anywhere else is just terrible.6. AudioI can't stand the voice actress, she's monotone, loud, and drones on and on when I just want to go fast. When I want to just skip everything you have to say and just read it in text, I feel something's wrong.---I cannot in all honesty recommend this game to anyone for any reason. This game isn't even worth it on sale."
,Not Recommended,262390,20993217,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AliceTheGorgon,"A nice idea, marred by badly tuned difficulty and finicky controls."
,Not Recommended,262390,10367813,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nebby,"I would describe this more as twitch platforming than parkour. Your character skips and snaps all over the place, with none of the smoothness of Assassin's Creed or the flow of Mirror's Edge. The movement style and abstract locations give it a very arcade feel compared to those games.I'm sure there's a lot of fun to be had in mastering this game, and it's possible to get a flow going when retrying a level for the 20th time. It certainly wasn't what I was looking for in a free-running game though, so be mindful of your expectations."
,Not Recommended,262390,12030782,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,AWd _ (offline for a long time),"First impression:Freaking Chiptune and Orchestra as sountrack, one of the only 3rd person Platformer i liked until this day.Totally worth it10/10After playing 2 hours:You know, soundtrack and the artstyle is awesome, but enemy design freaking horrible, the sprint/airjump system freaking sucks, i imagined that would be good as my platformer prototype but it doesnt account for the current speed, just for the time that it is used, this is more noticeable when on very low speed, i got so frustrated by these two keypoints most of the time,as for the map design simple floating blocks and walls are not bad in this case because the game is mostly a platformer genre making not bad for repetitive visuals, i think... (platformer is one of my favorite genres of games)After finishing the 4 endings:The story is very lame, it is trying to be serious on a platformer game with not much to build the story upon...well, this review probably offended the creators of this game, i am sorry but thats how i feeli am just tired of trying to explain things like this on every single game i playConclusion: This game frustrates me on the Enemy and Movement Mechanics, basically the core part of a platformer game.  The soundtrack has chiptune elements but the orchestral turn me off after 10 minutes, the artstyle is unique too but my eyes do not like looking at this game for more than 2 hours, Everything else and overall just suck 2/10-is easy to get aboard of the ""this game is good"" train, but is hard to agree with ""hurtful"" or ""pessimist"" comments/reviews, Actually is by analyzing what is bad to make the good-"
,Recommended,262390,31141861,Posted: 14 April,all,[FP] Julian Williams,Anybody who gives ClourBuilt a negative review is a filthy casual who can't handle failure5/7 would buy
,Not Recommended,262390,10966885,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,William Shakesman,"It just doesn't work. The sense of speed is there, the sense of busy, baroque levels with a sense of flow and direction while still offering paths upon paths is there. But it just doesn't work.The controls just aren't precise enough. Getting the protagonist to do a wall run or a wall climb solidly is a crapshoot. It's possible that if you were one with the game you might be able to pull these off consistently, but you CANNOT look me in the eye and tell me they feel right, they feel natural, that the sense of speed and flow in this game isn't hampered by the fiddly nature of these moves.If you aren't great at this sort of thing, you may as well not even step up. Simply completing the levels is easy enough and you cannot and will not feel accomplished doing so. The amount of ways in which you will fail to be speedy will be obvious even to the novice (Take note, this is actually praise of the game system. It practically BEGS you to play it correctly. How often have you played a game and missed something that should have been obvious in its systems? You ask the playerbase, and when they answer, it's with a sneer, as though it was the most obvious thing in the world to them and yet it was opaque to you. That cannot happen in Cloudbuilt. The game sings to you of possibilities, of what you should be doing instead of what you are.). If you do take the time to learn, you will be up against a system that is simply woefully unsatisfying to conquer.I understand that the developers are up against a wall with this; maybe it's nearly impossible to make a speedy game in this vein with these sorts of moves that captures the feeling of speed appropriately. They tried, but I simply cannot say they succeeded. Another approach might be called for.Also what's with that plot? I must commend the voice actress for delivering that dreadful dialogue with a straight face. I can, again, understand that in a game with this look and feel, you have to go ""deep"" to provide some sort of plot, but holy cow, the prose is just painful to listen to.Someone more learned than me might be able to make a comment about the potential path bloat of the levels, that there are so many routes and so many red herrings that just don't actually save you time despite them being more difficult to follow than simply hopping along the straight route but I could not overcome the unsatisfying parts of the mechanics to attempt mastery and that is why I cannot recommend it. You cannot enjoy playing this without mastering it, and yet the game fights your attempts to exercise mastery over it with fiddlyness and frustration rather than intricacy and craft.Oh and the gun may as well not be there. I've shot more brutally satisfying spitballs. Blasting mines? Cool. Works wonders. Anything else? Why even bother?"
,Recommended,262390,9580874,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,вzк,"Fast paced movement -- in every direction -- through multiple branching paths with platformer-parkour style gameplay combined with just the right amount of gunplay. It's thoroughly enjoyable. Watch a few videos, check out the screenshots, get a taste of it if you can because it's delicious."
76561198080205909,Not Recommended,262390,11135224,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Colelayli,"If you have an intel GPU I cannot reccomend this game.Cloudbuild is a parkour game that looked incredibly promising, as someone who loves games like mirrors edge, I was incredibly exited to play the game. The problem as of right now is that on intel GPU's alot of models in the game, including your character, don't display properly. They show up in blobs of polygons making it virtually impossible to play the game properly. Being someone who can't really afford a new computer, I can't take this into my own hands and fix it myself.If and when the developers fix this issue, I will come back to the game and re-review it, until then, don't purchase this game if you have an intel GPU."
76561198019019176,Not Recommended,262390,11298615,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Hootington,This game has alot of cool idea which are done with awful controls that make you want to smash your computer. The platforming is cool to look at since climbing it is impossible with the camera shots and the controls. Dont worry though you have a mega buster which is awful to aim and doesn't really hurt the enemies. All in all this game is not what it wants to be which is a platforming speed runner dream. Its a mixture of all of the platforming worse aspects like not being able to see where your supposed to go or jump on the wall correctly. This game is not worth my time to finish it.
76561198008166812,Not Recommended,262390,10934093,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Anzer'ke,"First Impressions of Cloudbuilt.There is a really impressive game here.Unfortunately it is trapped, screaming and thrashing, beneath a mountain of baffling design decisions.You have a jetpack/booster/wallrunner, that's awesome, it'll add so much!But it has a limited charge for no real reason, so you'll avoid experimenting with it and often fail a maneuver then spend a few seconds doing absolutely nothing while you wait for it to recharge.You have a gun that homes in and can be charged up for explosive shots, that's great, even more options!But it is worthless for anything but the exact things the designers allow you to use it on. Everything else takes stupidly large numbers of shots to kill or just maintains a permanent shield.Like all good precision platformers there is no delay between death and getting back in the game. You can even place additional checkpoints by hand. That's exactly what you need for this kind of game! And the checkpoint system seems like a great crutch for newcomers!But you have a very limited number of lives, somewhat bizarrely granted by finishing with low times, and the time penalty for death is so severe that if you want a remotely good time you will just restart from the beginning every time. As for checkpoints, they take so long to place that even if you find a safe spot for one, you just won't bother.Like all good free-running games you have a lot of freedom of movement.But you have no impression of it. At all. Your character is nearly weightless, she floats around like she has maybe heard of gravity and momentum, but she's not really into those things. Meaning you will feel like you're controlling a balloon sliding around a puddle of oil. There's absolutely no feeling of weight to your movements, killing most of the satisfaction that might otherwise have been there. Not to mention making a precision platforming experience about as precise as sewing with boxing gloves on.Furthermore huge chunks of gameplay are determined by where you have the camera pointing. Which means you will, no matter how steady your hands, find yourself dying in a confusing mess of tumbling camera over and over again. Generally the controls are just awful. You automatically grab ledges, but have no stickiness to standing on the platform. You can turn quickly when wallrunning, but not on foot despite enemies that chase you through the level thus requiring you to stop and turn around.In summation ths feels like a very interesting, if deeply flawed, precision platformer whose designers abruptly decided to hike the difficulty by adding features that make no sense and serve only to frustrate the player. It is caught between introducing difficulty in getting the best possible time and in finishing the level at all. The result is a mess, plain and simple.If you like free-running games. If you like challenging games. If you like games with satisfying gameplay.Avoid this one.It's restictive, punishing without any sense of learning and will generally lead you to wrestle with the controls and the camera to try and do something you know damn well you want to do.I bought it something like 80% off and I still feel like I was ripped off. I feel deeply sorry for anyone who paid full price for this garbage."
,Recommended,262390,9629776,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Kai Wu,"Well when I think of cloudbuilt I first think of me splurting spit everywhere out of frustration at the games difficulty and then I think of speed, parkour, and sci-fi ninjas........."
,Not Recommended,262390,13213689,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ryacchi,"I ragequit after finding out that each stage limits your lives and punishes you with a stage reset for being bad. It feels like it could be an extremely satisfying game if you are good at it, but I am not."
,Not Recommended,262390,10924583,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Junkstapose,Cool art style and idea but the controls need work for a game as reliant on speed.
,Not Recommended,262390,10921675,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kraft Punk,"Does not seem to work with Intel graphics, my character is just a bunch of spiky blue polygons... I've looked around about it, and the developer seems like a great guy, but he hasn't made a fix yet. Wait until it's updated!"
,Not Recommended,262390,12460849,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Yanahma,"A speedrunners dream, but unfortunately the elitism bleeds into the game design - this is a tough but fun platforming game, with occasionally unresponsive/glitchy controls and fast-paced parkour and fps elements. When it works, it works great. However, the developers included lives and finite checkpoints so that, until you absolutely master a level, you won't be able to progress.This game plays great both as a speedrunner and a platformer, but the devs don't want you playing it like a platformer and punish you for taking more than 2 seconds to think about what to do next - the homing, unkillable bombs where the only way to avoid instant death is to keep moving spring to mind.Overall its a good game flawed by the inclusion of some clunky and unwanted game mechanics like lives, their being there only to further put off anyone other than the most hardcore from this game (this coming from someone that plays a lot of Dustforce, a similarly styled speedrun focused game in 2D)."
,Not Recommended,262390,11674970,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Fwoe,"It's a fun game but in my opinion 20$ is too much for this game.I got this game from a sale for cheap price, I recommend this game if you buy it during a sale like 5 dollars.In conclusion for 5 dollars or lower than 20 it really worths the price."
76561197971200915,Not Recommended,262390,11161577,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,_G,"I hate posting negative reviews based on technical issues but this is a disappointment. When I launch the game I get a large number of pop ups regarding compiler error and to RELOAD AGAIN citing errors 132 and 237. After clicking No and OK about 10 times the game will launch but everything is textured black and completly unplayable. I've un-install and reinstalled various drivers as recommended to no avail and unlike people having problems playing on laptops with integrated intel, I'm on a desktop with a modern ATi graphics card."
,Not Recommended,262390,11104127,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,binsworth,"This game looks amazing, but, unfortunately, is infuriating. The graphics seem very good, the controls are easy to understand, the music, BUT THE DANG MAIN CHARACTER MODEL IS BROKEN AND LOOKS LIKE A WEIRD COLLECTION OF LINES AND GLITCHY GEOMETRIC SHAPES. I have waited several ""updates,"" hoping this problem, which, according to the community page, others are also having, but the creator says that the problem is ""deep in the code"" and might take ""a day or so to fix."" Then fix it, because I didn't pay 20 bucks to wait for you to fix a broken game. I have never written a review before, but, as I was immensely excited to play this game only to have my hopes crushed, I felt the need to share this with you. Until there is an update to fix this horrendous bug, I would reccomend to anyone not to risk buying this game."
,Recommended,262390,11001814,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Seven(7),Buy this game.
76561198049638242,Recommended,262390,10939126,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Proxidist,It's good k.
,Recommended,262390,28683107,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,☆S l e n d e r l o l i☆,Metroid Other M: Parkour Edition
,Not Recommended,262390,10965477,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,clooe,this games crap and totally not worth the 20 dollars its offered for. so glad i ONLY wasted three bucks or id have felt robbed
76561197993104943,Not Recommended,262390,10993251,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,StarWolf,"I wanted to love this game. I really, really did. The concept was great, the art was fantastic, the music brilliant, and hey, I'm a math major/philosophy minor, so I'm totally down with all the introspection between levels. But the gameplay itself was a big, hairy scary ugly wad of fail.+Forget turrets, mines, and pit falls, your biggest enemy, and one that will haunt you from minute one until you rage quit, is the camera. If you ever played Ninja Gaiden on Xbox  (or NG Sigma on the PS3), it's that level of terrible. Always where you don't want it, and it follows you way, way too closely for a third person runner. It would have been better to take the full on first person approach than this ""three steps behind"" business. It doesn't really change contextually either, so if you have to bounce from one wall to another vertically, and the one wall is behind you... yeah, uh... good luck with that because once you're on the first wall you can't even *see* the second, even once you turn.+The controls are a nightmare: Way too touchy, overly complex, and not intuitive enough. Wall running is a sketchy business because your direction of run depends entirely on your angle of approach, and being off one way or the other, even by just a few degrees can bone you. Also, the boost mechanic just feels totally off to me. (Tap boost to keep running straight on a wall? Are you kidding me?!) Even basic jumping feels wongy, it's really difficult to guage distance and landings, and while I get the physics of skidding to a stop, landing on a concrete surface should not feel like landing on *ice.* Especially if I'm *not* coming in hot with my jet pack burning.+The *flow* is awful, which is a sin for a runner like this. I'm forever finding myself standing still, just trying to understand the layout well enough to pick a route, and *if* my attempt is successful, I have to stop again, catch my breath, and reevaluate the landscape... lather rinse repeat. I suppose, if you had a map memorized, this would be a non-issue. But for a new player, it completely destroys the immersion a game like this is supposed to provide.+Speaking of new players or players with less skill.... Look elsewhere, guys, because this is nothing but a frustration fest. This game has a completely and utterly POINTLESS ""lives"" mechanic. You screw up, you loose a life. You screw up too many times on a level, sucks to be you. You now lose all your progress on said level, and have to restart it from scratch. This is NOT a good way to teach people how to play. Constant do-overs are stressful and breed resentment. A lot could be forgiven if this one thing died in a fire. Even a ""free play""  or ""practice"" mode for each level would be a huge help, but getting rid of it entirely would be best.In closing, I'm glad I got this during the Steam Summer Sale, because I would have been heartsick if I'd paid full price for it. I was hoping for a really amazing free running experience, but this just isn't it. What a pity. Oh well... Guess it's back to running like a madman around Italy and Revolutionary era Boston."
,Not Recommended,262390,11115131,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Megakoresh,"Based on the marketing I will say: no NOT buy this game if you are swayed by the ads. It is a strange take on a bullet hell game, and most certainly NOT free-running/platforming or anything of that sort. This game is about dodging obstacles and freerunning and parkour and stuff are not just secondary or even tertiary, they are simply used to diversify the position of the obstacles you need to dodge. As oppose to other obstacle dodging games like Audiosurf, where you are dodging on one level all the time, you will be dodging in mid air, on the walls while wallrunning, edges, ground.That's all there's to it. If you like Bullethell games and if you wanted an audiosurf that was not based on rythm and where you had more interesting things that colourd blocks to dodge, Cloudbuilt is up your alley. I never liked bullet hell games. I prefer to either run or fight. Doing both at the same time is annoying and results in either part being individually worse. Granted, Cloudbuilt at the core design makes no compromises on the dodging side of things, having a ton of various obstacles from robots to hominh missiles to different types of mines and lazers. But that's just yet another reason why it is not a free running game.If you are like me, who like platforming and parkour games like Mirror's Edge, like Alice: Madness Returns or even enjoy parkour in♥♥♥♥♥Creed or the likes, this game is NOT for you and the part on it's Store page that says ""free running"" is blatantly false. There's NO *free* running in this game at all. Just none (aside from the first 3-4 intro levels). Your eyes will be on the next set of mines and lazers, not your path/angle of jump to save your momentum and speed.Not a bad game, but based on the false impressions that it gives you on the store page, I will rate it down. If you are gonna make a obstacle course/bullet hell game, do not market it as a friggin free running game and get people confused. I thoroughly regret my purchase, I thought I was buying a free running game.[Note: I have beaten the first ~10 levels before I uninstalled the game. The last 3-4 ones took about 20-50 tries each depending on whether I used custom checkpoints or not, but ultimately could be beaten very quickly. It will take you about 15 minutes per level the first time around. Once you remember the level and it's obstacles by heart, it takes about a minute beat it from start to finish. There are a lot of them in the game however.]"
,Not Recommended,262390,10953707,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[TI] Ajf151,"The difficulty curve is absurd.  I was going along fine, enjoying the challenge, and then I hit a level I just couldn't beat.  I tried for hours to find a way, but there was no way to avoid an extended wallrunning sequence with so many obstacles that one misstep led to death.  I beat my head against the wall until I couldn't take it anymore and now I'm just not interested in playing.  I thought that creating a strategy to get through the level as fast as possible would have more focus than simply memorizing obstacles and the muscle twitches to avoid them.  I'm really disappointed because I really like games that emphasize agility and speed.  This one doesn't to the degree I was hoping for.If you like mindless muscle memory games, go for it.  I don't and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who doesn't."
,Not Recommended,262390,12404618,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,nO_d3N1AL,"I love speed running games - especially those with a unique art style and vibe, such as Mirror's Edge. However, I also favour simplicity, accessibility and the addiction of trying to improve times without having to play the game 24/7. Unlike more pick-up-and-play runners like T.E.C. 3001, Cloudbuilt requires you to commit many many hours just to get a satisfactory performance on a level. And by satisfactory, I mean a gold medal. The game starts off with a pointless story where you're stuck in a room. Instead of having the level select screen from the game's main menu, you have to go into the room, press E on the bed in the room and you can play. It's utterly pointless! Once you get in the game, you have some rather intuitive game mechanics - a meter which can be used for double jumps and boosting (either on ground or in mid-air), the ability to wallrun, the ability to hold onto a wall to time your jumps and of course, the ability to climb. What makes Cloudbuilt more challenging is that the obstacles you encounter are actual enemies - some are turrets which you can shoot, others are balls of electricity etc. and avoiding death is a challenge on its own. More so than any other game in its genre, Cloudbuilt emphasizes verticality and finding shortcuts. The level design is very abstract - it's essentially just concrete blocks placed in mid-air which you must traverse whilst avoiding the enemies and falling off. The game is extremely fast-paced too, and luckily, restarting a level is a hotkey and is immediate without loading or ""3...2..1...GO!"", which is very much necessary otherwise it would be downright unplayable. Unlike T.E.C. 3001, the levels are anything but linear, and trying to work out where you're meant to go is far more difficult than it should be - thus leading to frustration. And unlike Mirror's Edge, you can't simply stop and explore the level to work out which paths are optimal, because the game gives you a limited number of lives unless you restart, and in most cases it's impossible because the moment you stop to think about how to do the level, the enemies kill you. The game makes almost no attempt to assist you in finding better routes. This would be fine if the entire game wasn't a test of how well you know the level. no matter how much you've mastered the mechanics of the game, putting them into practice is seldom rewarding or satisfying - it often feels rushed and more awkward than awesome. Overall, Cloudbuilt is a game with too much depth for its own good. What makes games in this genre attractive is the ability to instantly pick the game up and getting hooked on shaving off milliseconds from your time. In Cloudbuilt, you will most likely be shaving off minutes until you spend countless hours learning the levels and getting to grips with the game mechanics just to get to the exciting part. If you're a hardcore speedrunning freak and want a real challenge which will keep you occupied for hundreds of hours, Cloudbuilt might just be for you. If you're after a fun, casual experience which you can dip in and out of, you will be sorely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,262390,28738610,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RealityEvans,"i unfortunatly have to pass on this game because of my experience playing it.i had to many problems with the controls, like delays on actions or sometimes it wouldnt register that i had pressed anything and made me rage quit a few times.i was also bothered by the lighting of this game. by that i mean the colors and fast pace nature of the game toke a toll on my eyes not to say it would happen to anyone but it was a problem for me.i truly wanted to enjoy the game but it felt more of a chore to get through it. while i feel there is a audience for this game, it was a miss for me sorry to say."
76561197995209464,Not Recommended,262390,22332871,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Diggie Smalls,"I dunno if it's because I'm bad at video games or what, but this game got stale fast. I want to finish it but I'm having trouble because I keep dying and want to punch my keyboard. I would recommend buying this on sale because full price is too much imho. It looks okay and the music gets recycled a lot. I wish it had more in it besides run on walls."
76561198220948344,Recommended,262390,31576801,Posted: 6 May,all,A Bunch of Bananas,"It's alright I guessThis game has some of the most fantastic and appropriate visuals out there. The animations are slick and the levels look beautiful. The gameplay is some of the best you'll find on PC and leave a lot of room for developing the skills needed to get them S-Ranks. 100 hours in and I have neither fully completled all the levels nor fully mastered the controls, but that is not in any way detriment to the game. Though the story could certainly be better and more fleshed out, it is by no means a reason to dismiss the game. At the end of the day, Cloudbuilt is a speedrunner and it pulls that off masterfully."
76561198122820930,Recommended,262390,10915526,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lim,8.7/10
76561197970443860,Not Recommended,262390,11233031,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Glock Ranger,"I wanted to like this game so much. Watched a sort of ""wtf is..?!"" and liked what I saw.What I really do like is the option to set your framerate. You do notice a difference between 30/60/120 fps.However what instantly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off in the first levels are the enemies. Who the hell thought this was a good idea? The game is so fast paced and you are rocketing around, suddenly you get hit by robot fire or touch some shell and bounce off of your original trajectory (falling into your doom). This makes me so sad because it completely ruins the game for me. This is not a shooter. I don't want to shoot!! I just want to find the perfect parcour through the level.The controls feel sort of clunky. I think you can get used to that.30mins into the game I quit and although I think I might pick it up from time to time, I am sad the developers did not realize obstacles are enough in this kind of game. Game elements that slow you down are just counter productive.I only paid 3€ for it, that is quite little and I might update my review when I get further into the game."
,Not Recommended,262390,10853427,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,♥Baby Lofty♥,"Im very sorry to say this game is actually very bad... It's a huge bummer considering the game looks very beautiful, has beautiful music, and beautiful models, but the gameplay is just horrendous...I bought it with huge expectations, but this game has let me down, after just a few hours of playing."
,Not Recommended,262390,12468370,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,cidbahamut,"This game handles like a weasel on cocaine with a control scheme to match. Actually I think the weasel might make a better input device. It moves too fast and is way too slippery. When a new player can't even navigate the tutorial successfully then something has gone horribly horribly wrong. There's a gem of a game in here somewhere, but it hasn't been cut from the rock yet."
,Not Recommended,262390,10236042,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Zerodyme,"The game description say the control are fluid. I'd say energitic, the character jump all over the place, the jump is really awkward. I've got a gaming rig that can run FarCry 3 on high but this game on low still doesnt get 60FPS. And once you begin to get the control right, the enemy throw Invincible/Respawning enemy at you that just spam all over the map. If you're looking for a parkour game get mirror's edge. I wouldn't say it's better, i'd say it isn't as worse. Oh, and i had the game crash 4 time on me."
,Not Recommended,262390,32214312,Posted: 5 June,all,Zowayix,"Holy hell, ♥♥♥♥ these controls.There's not anything else I need to talk about in this review. The game's simply not playable when it can't properly detect that you tried to run across a wall in a game where the whole point is to run across walls."
,Recommended,262390,12617923,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,eXcruciate,"The best thing about this game and I can't thank the devs enough and am so happy about it is that the levels are not on a timer. Timed missions/levels in games are just aggravating and annoying and should be outlawed. Maybe I will write to congress on that. The controls are very loosey goosey but at any rate, they are not bad controls, just not great. They are good enough that I can still get to the end of a level without too much trouble.The graphics and art direction are outstanding. Very good use of cell shading. The music and sound are good too.The whole idea is very cool and unique. You do not see many super fast speed parkour games like this. It isn't always fast which is a good thing. Sometimes you have to slow down a bit to shoot something and kill it or change direction or whatever. And like I said this game's biggest asset is that it DOES NOT give you a time limit. Timed levels in games suck balls.Cool game 8/10"
,Recommended,262390,15755179,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RandomSanity,"This game is fun, fast-paced and has a very creative design style, however it is also quite challenging."
76561198096082780,Not Recommended,262390,10302338,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SheenPotato,"What have you done with this game, I thought purchased a relaxing game with a story, not too hard as in the trailer, YOU MADE A GAME SO HARD I broke MY KEYBOARD 259 TIME, I'm not kidding, it 900 is harder than super meat boy or other game of its kind, there is no easy difficulty, no casuals or people who simply want to follow the adventure of the hero can accomplish their desires in this game, make a easy difficulty level please, and future REPORT iF YOUR GAME IS HARD!"
,Not Recommended,262390,10232052,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"As with many indie games I've played in the past, Cloudbuilt's flaws are not in the aesthetics department (in which it succeeds quite well) but with the gameplay and controls, the two most crucial aspects of any game at its core.Which, as usual, is a downright shame as Cloudbuilt could be a decent experience, clearly drawing inspiration from the likes of Mirror's Edge and GunValkyrie, two games that I have and continue to enjoy immensely. This comparison is merely casual, however, as Coilworks have completely missed the mark on anything past the conceptual level. See, Cloudbuilt's protagonist lacks the well-tuned finesse that both Faith and Kelly have: she slips all about, lacking any feeling of weight in her movement and if it weren't for the auto ledge grab, even basic platforming would be hell. Wall-jumping and running also lack intuitiveness; sometimes the problem is simply tacking onto a wall, other times it's getting off of them! Oh, and the 180 degree turn? Doesn't work at all, at least on gamepad. Speaking of the gamepad, why on Earth does the d-pad not function in the menus? You may say it's nitpicking, but there's just no excuse for neglecting something that should be obvious in the year 2014.And good lord, I didn't even mention the enemy spawns and other obstacles scattered throughout each stage, many of which seemingly cannot be eliminated (why even have a gun in the first place, then?) and often kill in one hit. Given the control issues I've mentioned previously, trying to avoid much of what the game throws at you ultimately comes down to luck of the draw, creating a sense of artificial difficulty that ruins Cloudbuilt's otherwise solid level design which I can't even stop to admire for two seconds without getting blown off the screen by a mine or some other asinine object that could barely be seen in the first place.Now, to be fair, I'm sure that if played long enough, it's possible one might find themselves adapting around the plethora of issues present here, but personally? I don't have the patience for that sort of thing anymore, especially when there are other similar games to Cloudbuilt that don't suffer from any of these problems whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,262390,31931109,Posted: 24 May,all,Bleydoka,I really liked the idea and graphics but the controls are so bad.
,Not Recommended,262390,9621448,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,veo,would not recommend. this game was so good that it made my♥♥♥♥♥♥explode. the expensive hospital bills required to save my life have now left me broke and i'm going to be evicted from my apartment next week. this game ruined my life.edit: my review made it on the devblog. i love you guys so much and your game is brilliant <3xoxo
,Not Recommended,262390,9577542,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Cthulhuesque ⚰,"This is an awkward mess of a game. The wall-running stuff is not smooth at all, the levels are poorly laid out and it's a shame because the art style is cool and the music is brilliant. I find the comparisons to Mirror's Edge laughable, since that game works perfectly and is a joy to play."
76561198010398715,Not Recommended,262390,29203633,Posted: 12 January,all,Mazgid,"Sorry, but no. As a prototype - good, but not as a complete game."
,Recommended,262390,25891753,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,シモン,It's aight
76561198050504492,Not Recommended,262390,28436652,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Srs Bisnis,"Nice idea, amateur execution."
,Not Recommended,262390,29985040,Posted: 17 February,all,jaegerilla,I. Can't. Run. On. Walls. Not Fun.
,Not Recommended,262390,22881065,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,Nice game but levels become more harder
,Not Recommended,262390,9576552,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,James,"Game is broken and completely unplayable, text is unreadablehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240374060. Check the forums there are many complaintsEDIT: to explain futher, trying to change anything in options will lead to a crash, this makes it unpalyable I can't finish the tutorial because I couldn't even guess what I am supposed to do. It's a shame because without the crashes and glitches it seemed to run smoothly."
,Recommended,262390,10345026,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hapeyron,"As others already said: its Mirror's Edge mixed with Sonic mixed with Megaman. Simply perfect! Awesome gameplay, awesome soundtrack, and even a cool story for giving some purpose to all the ""nonsense world"" (it's a monologue only, there is no cutscenes, dialogues or things like that). The aesthetic is beautiful and, IMHO, there is a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,262390,10350866,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Jim Tarnung,Jet-fueled 3d platformer with flying platforms focused on speedrunning.
,Recommended,262390,10299293,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sue Sue McGrew,"This game is so incredibly hard, but it's the good kind of hard. The kind of hard that makes you feel like it wasyour ownmistake if you fail and that you'll just have to do better next time. It doesn't feel cheap, just merciless. You actually feel like you can get better at it with a lot of practice and by knowing your environment. You will fail time and time again, but you just keep on trying.You can't stop trying!You just feel compelled to master it and be the very best, like no one ever was!Tough as nails and I like it!"
,Recommended,262390,10301247,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Pinawanovich,Guys....If you are looking for a great game that is alot of fun this one is for you! :DIt is fast and just awesome.the graphics really fit with this type of game~Haven`t played it alot but I can say it an be pretty tough sometimes :PGiving 10 out of 10 Pina points :3
76561197966748894,Recommended,262390,10285835,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bear,"Only played a bit, but it has a great art style, compelling/competitive ranking system and quick fast paced skill-based gameplay - sweetness."
,Recommended,262390,10389088,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,brambleshadow4,"Cloudbuilt is a game of speed. Race through an elaborate kingdom of floating platforms high above the clouds. Or if you're me,  take it nice and slow while still crashing into nearly every obstacle. I am really happy with this game.The best aspect of the game is the design of the levels. Getting from A to B is not simple, and there is no right way to do it. You'll have to find your own path up into the skies. Will you choose the easier, longer path or the killer short cut? The additional game modes force you to discover many paths, adding tons of replay value.The story line and music are also very well done.Highly reccomended for anyone who likes:- A challenge- 3D Platforming / Speed running- Replay value"
76561197970384183,Recommended,262390,10246027,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,gtg873y,"Holy hand-cramping batman. Beating my head against a wall with a couple of the levels, but well worth the $ while on discount."
76561197997760095,Recommended,262390,10249893,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Great Prophet Zarquon,"Well, like a battle-suited moth to a pretty purple flame, this gorgeous piece of video art got me in straight away. Top marks to Coilworks for making something unique and undeniably cool. BUT, read the other reviews, gamers! Thoroughly. Cloudbuilt is unforgivingly hard. It is truly for hardcore players who want a diabolical parkour experience, and it is magnificent. But also, It's in no way at all a quick run and gun (as I was hoping).I should have listened to the others, because I don't have the time and patience to adapt to Demi's very finicky controls. And die seventy-five times per level doing it. I cried a bit. Then I rage quit."
,Recommended,262390,9785860,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Ylvenski,"First of all:This. Game. Is. Hard.When it gets to the later stages, it's Dark Souls hard. You will rage. You may cry. But you will likely keep coming back for more.While $20.00 is a bit steep, this is Steam. You can always wait for it to go on sale. And it will, eventually, go on sale.I would recommend it, but I also don't recommend it, just because of the difficulty. Play at your own risk."
76561198021876393,Recommended,262390,9735999,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kotonoha the Gunslinger,Just As good as I expected this is why I voted for this. mainly you have to know how to run and attack. Or if you are good at dodging just dodge and shoot. Its rare to find a parkour game for me.
,Recommended,262390,10940572,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Furymaster Zero,"Cloudbuilt is a fun game that is great for people that like platforming/racing hybrid games.  You basically complete a variety of levels by wall running, dashing, shooting, jumping, etc to get to the end within certain times.  You are graded for the time you arrive.  It is fast paced and a lot of fun.  The thing I noticed right away is how good the music is.  It's worth the money for usre."
,Recommended,262390,10916570,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,trcook,"I only playted a few minutes, but it is pretty cool. Reminds me of mirror's edge. controls take a bit to get used to"
,Recommended,262390,10916574,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,llorder,"If you liked Dustforce, Sonic, Mirrors Edge you will like this one."
76561198004583557,Recommended,262390,10920805,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SurfBoy85,Criss de bon jeux.
,Recommended,262390,10921151,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,perspicaciosity,"Third person Mirror's Edge with a jetpack.  So, basically the best thing ever.  Respawn style is old school, so don't get it if having to restart a level occasionally will bug you a lot."
,Recommended,262390,10921629,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sanara,i suggest cloudbuilt if you remember the days of mirror's edge
76561198047096181,Recommended,262390,10989744,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,brokensword9,"This is one of my favorite games available for PC. A truly fantastic game, with a killer storyline and intense and gripping gameplay. Perfectly combined shooter and parkour physics. It's just those suicide drones are... so... annoying. Either way, difficult, and yet a beautiful game. The only reason Im not giving this a 10/10 is the obviously present bugs in the game. I am unable to change my texture quality to anything above 'very low', or the game will crash and reset my settings. But, very low textures or not, still a game wirth buying. 9.5/10"
76561198074508877,Recommended,262390,10990943,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zattrius,"This game would be god damn incredible if they got rid of the enemies, implemented a lock on system, or implemented a slowdown/pause time system.Near the final levels of the game enemies are frustrating, annoying, invincible, placed in places SPECIFICALLY to annoy you, AND kill you constantly.This game was just a few steps away from being a masterpiece and the funnest game I've played all year.If you can look past frustrating levels and terrible enemies, I definitely recommend this game.If not then, I still recommend it. There's nothing else like it."
,Recommended,262390,10991324,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Loli Gagging,"Do you like Super Meat Boy? Are you okay with blistering difficulty, paired with instant respawn times and the smoothest control scheme possible? Are you a neurotic perfectionist? Do you LOVE JETPACKS?Good! This game is the one for you. On the outset, the controls seem twitchy, and the levels are confusing, but trust me, when you figure it out, it all works perfectly. The moves that didn't make sense soon start to feel natural, and while the levels don't have a set path, you realize that ANY road can lead to where you want to go, since most lead in the same direction anyway. Don't like consecutive wall runs at 90 degree angles? That's fine, just make a left, and try the vertical wall run instead. Levels can usually be beaten in under a minute, and each level has 5 different modes, such as Infinite Boost, Pacifism Runs, Waypoints, and 1-Hit Kill. The plot is mediocre so far, but the voice acting isn't bad even to my standards, and it has a decent script."
76561198027446195,Recommended,262390,10951747,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[DFC] Itnetlolor,"Surprisingly more graphically demanding than expected, but it's still a nice fun little game.Graphical style similar to Borderlands, parkour fun of Mirror's Edge or inMomentum, a surprisingly nice storyline to explain the background of the game, and beautiful scenery to race through.I'm motivated to upgrade my computer to be up to scratch for this game, because it's actually a fun and challenging, yet beautiful, platformer combat/action racer of a game."
,Recommended,262390,10953594,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Strawbloody,"This game feels like a free running shootem sonic game. Kinda funky with a keyboard, but they added controller support. The game takes some getting used to, but once you learn how to play and start figuring out your own routes, it's fast paced and awesome."
76561198044640779,Recommended,262390,10955041,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Scarf Ninja,"I like the art style of the game a lot, but one thing the description negelcts: the story. This game isn't all about speed running, but each mission you take gives you a different story and view on what happens. If you play gmod and play some of the ""Parkour maps,"" this should be a bit familiar"
76561198044801996,Recommended,262390,11114426,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,King of Applesauce,"Thos game provides some of the most exciting, highspeed action I've ever experienced. It's like mirrors edge on speed and has a great soundtrack to boot. If going fast and feeling cool is something you like then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,262390,11127171,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,shreddface,"A challenging third person parkour-ish/platformer. The gameplay is lightning fast and while you may end up fighting with the controls at times, once you wrap your head around them, you'll be rewarded. I suppose it's like if Faith from Mirror's Edge were reimagined by the Ratchet and Clank team(Insomniac), and given a jet pack. I'm not very good at the harder levels yet, but knowing the ways I could get around each level if I practiced blows me away. It's fast, and demanding of accuracy - I recommend mouse and keyboard for quicker camera movement."
,Recommended,262390,11146573,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Баклажан,Amazing pakourish game where you have a jetpack/jumppack with a limited amount of energy and you are trying to complete amazingly designed levels. The graphics are pretty cool and sorta look like someone drew everything
,Recommended,262390,11146986,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Coriks,"Cloudbuilt is one of those games you will either love or hate in very major extremes.  Unfortunately, it is one of those games that certainly takes quite a bit of effort to love starting off.  To put it simply, Cloudbuilt is hard.  Cloudbuilt does not want you to succeed.  Cloudbuilt wants you to listen to the soundtrack (luckily it is fantastic and never gets old) over and over again while you harness your deep seated hatred of the game design to push past a difficult area.  Enemies are difficult to fight and sometimes invincible, certain climbing segments are brutal and require extreme precision to execute (here's looking at you, Redeployment), and when difficult platforming combines with entirely unfair enemy odds the game will push your patience.  Your first run through of levels will consist of you dying over and over while looking at completion times that are well beyond your capabilities.  Running out of lives will force you to reset a level entirely, which adds insult to injury.  There are multiple branches to go through, but each branch is only a quarter of the story, so you'll have to face your demons sooner or later.So how can I recommend Cloudbuilt?  It is frustating and evil, but also wonderful and addicting.  Once you push through and beat the game the first time you finally can start to appreciate everything wonderful about it.  Once you have the skills you need to start attacking times and making progress you can appreciate all your techniques and how much better you've gotten.  You may die 500 times getting up the wall in Redeployment your first time, but your second time is so much kinder.  The sense of speed you can get in this game is unparalleled.  Shaving seconds off a forty second course over the span of hours to get the next rank up is both rage inducing and incredibly fulfilling.  Even when you're losing the game goes fast so it is easy to go ""just another round"" again and again endlessly.  Looking online at videos you'll either be left with a sense of helplessness against your competition or inspired to learn more about advanced mechanics that are just so difficult to nail (I hate you charge pistol jump shenanigans), but seeing what IS possible is certainly awe inducing.  Level design is also astonishingly good (aside from cheap enemies!).  There are multiple branches to get where you need to go, the shortcuts make Rainbow Road look like a joke, and the fact the levels are so large and branching, but you always know which way to head needs to be commended.The game is simply addicting, if you're not one to rage quit before you get the skills needed to play it.  It is not apologetic in what it is or what it offers.  You will play a decent selection of levels hundreds of times in quick succession and either have a stroke or enjoy it.  Graphically it has a stunning art style, i've mentioned the music is superb, and I think it was developed by a team of maybe six guys.  It is a fantastic effort that deserves to be supported.  These guys have done what Sega has been trying to do for years.  All I'm looking for now is a Mega Man game in the vein of if Cloudbuilt and Vanquish had a baby.  A man can dream."
,Recommended,262390,11010441,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DoomB0t,"Game is not for the impatient. Beautiful graphics are almost lost on you as you speed past everything, this game may need a ""twitchy"" tag."
,Recommended,262390,11045654,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Surrias,"Super smooth gameplay, low barrier to entry and a high skill ceiling, I absolutely recommend this game to anyone with the slightest interest in platformers or speedrunning"
76561197992725777,Recommended,262390,11017659,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,KungFuBrad,"Awesome speed runner, cool music and beautiful cell shaded environments. If you're using a gamepad, don't feel tied down to the Default button layout. I had a lot of trouble with the games default layout but after moving things around towards a more 'default' theme in my opinion, i was able to get a better feel for the game.One thing to make note of, the game is HARD. It's a precision speed runner, expect to die just like you would in that gothic dark RPG. But it's a blast and totally worth it."
,Recommended,262390,11095571,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,DR.CEREAL,Good game but your better off using a gamepad. The first level kind of makes you don't want to play it at first but just keep on playing and you'll like it.
,Recommended,262390,11209354,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ちいりゅう [切⎛⎞腹],"The character seems to move faster than her animations seem to allow her to be and the accuracy on the weapon that you are allowed to use is questionable, but if you can get past these few minor flaws, this game is a great parkour game, and I would recommend it to just about everyone.(Keep in mind that I bought this game for $5, as you may be slightly less satisfied than me.)"
,Recommended,262390,11194199,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lolibot,"Holy..crap. This game dropped my jaw when i started playing it. The concept is easy to learn, and the first couple levels aren't that hard at all. But then it seriously ups the anti after that. This is a game that you will love to rage at and when you do well it totally makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥b!tch. The replay value is amazing, the visuals and gameplay are amazing, it even has a bit of a philosophical monolog now and again. I highly recommend this game, 10/10. I have NO complaints."
,Recommended,262390,10957539,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,S3nt!n3l,Cool n` Fast Game.
76561198029129704,Recommended,262390,10957740,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mythos Loric,The only problem with this game that might be a lack of multiplayer (maybe races or battle would be great) or a level editor but that might exist and I just havent noticed
76561198089391083,Recommended,262390,10960618,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sufferwrath,"Pros:1.) Jetpack2.) Parkour3.) Shooting at robots while parkouring with my jetpack4.) JetpackCons:1.) Only one jetpack.For the price, a very good game.  8/10 would recommend."
76561198018696469,Recommended,262390,10961176,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Drulludanni,"great game, I like both the artstyle and the gameplay, how you can pick different paths with certain pros and cons.However there are still a few problems i have with it, first of all is the auto ledge grab, its really nice when climbing up walls but when dropping off of edges its ridiculous that the character grabs the ledge beneath you the other issues are really minor but can be annoying, when leaving a map there should be an option to return to level select so that you dont always have to visit the room just to be able to go to the level select I also think that the gun should automatically sharge up when not in use, because it can be quite tiring to hold down the mouse button for 20 seconds when expecting to encounter an enemy"
76561198075879312,Recommended,262390,11026839,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ZeUs!=),"Really fun game but I'm afraid it takes a higher end pc to run it well.. I can't even play beyond the first level as my framerate is so low. But that's just me as i have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC.The game is seriously challenging even for the best gamers out there. So, give it a shot!Definitely get it if you have the money or wait to grab it on a sale as I did!"
,Recommended,262390,11039551,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Fenrik,"Good Speedgame, Get It (:"
,Recommended,262390,11061450,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Perpetual Explosion,"Great game. It's a 3d speed running platforming/parkour game with tight controls (use keyboard and mouse, not the controller!) and the sky's the limit with your skills. If you want to see how insane this game can get, check out speedruns of this game on youtube. However, even if you're like me who gets a C rank on most levels, it's still quite enjoyable to try to get to the end of the level at the very least. Most levels come with different playstyle options that unlock after the first completion, and they range from the untimed fuel conservation mode to the insane break-the-level-design-please super charge mode. I think I'll keep playing this for a while."
,Recommended,262390,11073705,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Gravity,"Fun parkour/speedrun game.It has great controls, interesting simple story and a pretty art style. But, like you will see in most reviews, the game is ruined by one major mistake in these types of games: making you stop.You have to stop for almost everything: to shoot turrets and enemies (that reactivate after defeating them) and to wait for your boost fuel to recharge. This almost ruins the game as the huge amount of stuff thrown at you become too infuriating on the harder levels, especially when attempting to get a good rank.But Cloudbuilt is still worth giving a shot. It's fun to attempt to speed run the early levels and the practice debug mode is a fun way to cool off.I recommend the game but wait for a low price."
76561198106011053,Recommended,262390,11076457,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,RenegadePanda,"Cloudbuilt is fun.  It's also infuriating.Think Mirror's Edge freerunning with light combat elements, an amazing art style, lots of speed, hundreds of deaths and thousands of four letter words being shouted in rage as you try to figure out what the hell you're doing, and how you can do it better.Every level has an end, you just have to get there.  Mainly by freerunning, dodging lasers, bombs, different bombs, turrets, different turrets, missiles, mines and purple electricity.  The parkour works well enough, though the game does have a specific feel that you'll need to get acquainted with before you can start playing with anything resembling proficiency.  Sometimes moves do fail to register as you want them to, but it's not overly frustrating.What is, is some of the levels.  Running along a wall, dodging moving lasers that will knock you off (killing you), followed by bombs that will blow up (killing you), only to get to the end of an area and be greeted by a barrage of lasers or missiles, which...well, you get the idea.  That's before we even get to $&%# like the solar panels that you have to precisely rocket slide on, lest you get hit with any 2 of the things listed above.But when it works and you get a flow going, the game is incredibly fun.  Trying to master each route is rewarding when you pull it off, and the game isn't overly punishing when you fail (aside from slapping you with a mediocre C rating).  The art is fantastic, the music is fantastic, and the game just feels unique and different from anything I've played in some time."
,Recommended,262390,11076921,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,brzoskswinia,"A warning: Your first playthrough WILL be frustrating. The controls are just a bit different than in any other game and they don't spoil you, either. You move exactly where you input, for better or for worse. The developers are perhaps a bit (or very) mean to you as well, and chances are good you won't feel like you're being treated fairly as you learn to ropes.Persevere.The game's pros more than make up for the steep learning curve.The feeling of freedom is immense. Even during your first playthrough, you will find that the levels are designed to give you many branching paths to get to your goal. It's up to the player to decide which is faster or opt for a safer route just to finish a level. If you are having trouble, explore the level! Many tough areas can be approached from a better angle or bypassed entirely. As you master how acceleration and inertia work within the game, you will find yourself skipping huge swathes of levels and performing stunts you (or sometimes it seems like even the developers!) couldn't forsee being possible.Learning is ultimately where the joy of the game lies. As you learn new tricks, you will see your times improving and you will find yourself looking at levels differently. If self-improvment isn't enough motivation for you to grind through some tough times, I can't recommend this game to you. If, on the other hand, you want to put in some hard work and get the highest pay-off of fun possible, this might just be the game you want."
76561198087061678,Recommended,262390,11078664,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,💎~A Regular Rarity~💎,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played.Cloudbuilt seamlessly melds the third person shooter with the parkour genre, for an action experience with no parallel. The intriguing story combined with the amazing art direction would be enough to keep me playing, but the fast-paced adrenaline rush has keeps me on the edge of my seat.If you like speedrunning, do yourself a favour and buy this game."
,Recommended,262390,11079341,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sneaky Penguin,A gorgeous freerunning game with precision controls and epic speed.Rocket parkour? Hells yes. Couldn't recommend more for people that love speed runs.
,Recommended,262390,10948095,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Konzash,"Very interesting, high speed, platformer. Worth picking up if on sale for something different."
,Recommended,262390,10962130,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,azer,"I just completed the first stage with rank C.This game is pretty fun platformer with unique controls.My only complaint is the learning curve is pretty steep, The control is a little bit complex and I felt frustated in my first hour of playthrough.Moreover, the tutorial stage couldn't communicate well about the game mechanics particularly in how to walk on the wall, jump using LB, and dash using LT.The camera itself should be controlled with right joystick and this affects your movement direction.Despite of its complex controls, I definitely would play this again. 7.5/10"
76561198069034365,Recommended,262390,10967369,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,lrugoff,amazing
,Recommended,262390,11345346,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,XxMEMELORDxX,"Cloudbuilt is a fast paced 3D platformer revolving around a character called Demi. The game takes place in a futuristic environment filled with rebotic hostiles and floating platforms which the players need to overcome throughout the game.The game itself has a pretty simple concept where the player needs to get from point A to point B, however the path the player chooses completely depends on them which reduces the thought of a very linear game which it couldve been. Some paths may have many enemies where players need to either destroy or dodge attacks whereas other paths may be filled with traps which require extreme reflexive skills with th contols.From playing this game I have to conclude that this had been one of, if not the best game I have played this year. I absolutely loved every part of this game ranging from trying to past an extremely difficult level (2hrs was the longest) and feeling the satisfaction of completing it to observing the beautifully designed maps. I also have to add that the graphics is pretty well done with a style similar to borderlands, however i do feel that some parts have been 'over done' where too many layers of filters have been added which bought in little drops in framerates but it was fine.The gameplay is great where players need to control Demi's movements to complete each level with many features to assist them. These include wall running, wall hanging as well as having a jetpack was various abilities for use. A gun is also provided for players to kill enemies if wanted which opens the door to even more play styles.To conclude I strongly recommend this game to people who love platformers, free running or extremely challenging games and I must say that this game is very worth the money you pay if you like these games."
,Recommended,262390,11254697,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,HappyZombie,Really fast and challenging game which will consume alot of your time if you'll try to S-Rank everythingthe controlls might feel a bit weird in the beginning but you'll get used to it.
76561198055617336,Recommended,262390,11825371,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Xemnas,"If you can get past the bugs and glitches you will find, there is a fun game to be played. Its a shame that it has to be a struggle to do that. I would suggest this game to those who aren't afraid of getting frustrated"
76561198055639700,Recommended,262390,19481153,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,XenoCrasy,"Hardcore platform game, i recommend this game to who wanna have a profession experience about platform game."
76561198105223291,Recommended,262390,21519554,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,yu207,Hard af but really awesome
,Recommended,262390,22146461,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Samurai-Sloth,"A parkour-em-up platformer about wall jumps and jet boosts. It looks good, it plays good."
,Recommended,262390,22109621,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Queen Chrysalis,"I recommend this game, but I have to recommend it lightly. The parkour in this game is built beautifully, with mechanics that only add to the maneuverability. It also keeps in mind to have different paths so that you aren't forced to follow a linear track. The problem, I discovered, is later on in the game it relies too much on enemies and bullets standing in your way than that of difficult jumps and manuevers. I found myself stopping to deal with absurd amounts of bullets and mines than enjoying the fast pace movement I bought the game for. The addition of a health bar and gun was, in my opinion, a sad and disappointing choice for this game. I found myself feeling like I had less of a challenge I wanted to overcome and more of an annoyance I wish I could just bypass. If you want to buy this game, I just warn you the parkour aspect dies out eventually, and it almost become a first person shooter with a parkour aspect. However, this can easily be bypassed through the use of the steam workshop which allows people to craft their own levels. This means you can find an endless amount of good difficult challenges without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. So I do have to recommend this game for the amazing gameplay mechanics it has, despite the disappointing irritation."
,Recommended,262390,21665264,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zareal,A wonderfully frantic third person parkour-style game with a great story + soundtrack running with it.
,Recommended,262390,21935318,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,joshdotmp4,"The game mechanics are built solidly, and the soundtrack is fantastic. The only issue I had with this was how little the gameplay varied. Sure there were lots of levels, but they weren't very different and very few were unique. If these mechanics had been used to create a more dynamic and open experience, then I would've totally been hooked for a lot longer, but, because of this, I lost interest quickly. Also, the game tried to convey a story through the narrator inbetween levels, which didn't really seem to fit. The game would benefit off of actually playing through a story instead of just telling one. That's what books are for.All in all, really good game, but it had some missed opportunities."
76561198007817556,Recommended,262390,22860685,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,AaToSMeD,Mirror's Edge is reality but Cloudbuilt is the dream come true. It's you vs gravity. Exhilarating with every step you take. See parkour like you've never seen it before. Super satisfying as you navigate through the levels. Definitely a game worth keeping.
76561198047177874,Recommended,262390,22703281,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Knot13,"A good game, I usually play my own playlist of music while playing it, it's more fun that way. But the controls seem a little bit difficult, they seem a little weird but I just don't know why. Also I get the feeling that this game is not that well optimized, because I have a more than decent laptop, but the frame rates do suffer regardless of all the tweaking I tried doing in the video settings and this game needs the frame rates."
76561198009430218,Recommended,262390,22716228,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,JacoRay,"This is one of those games that tests your speed running skills and quick comprehension of a platformer. It's like Sonic on crack. And, by all means, the developers have perfected what a game would be like if the only choice was to speed run it. And, I have to say, I'm not a speed runner at all. I like to take in the atmosphere and observe the environment and my surroundings at my own pace. This game certainly has a target audience in mind, and people who love to rush through a game will love it."
76561198127009809,Recommended,262390,20985216,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,treabarham445,"great game, beautiful levels, great mechanics, but there  needs to be an option to turn off the subtitles"
,Recommended,262390,21077026,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,LilyPad,10/10 would encounter an unexpected error and crash again.EDIT:Changing my review because the developer actually cares. Good on you.
,Not Recommended,262390,19784590,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,inhow,"Ok, I got three endings. The last one is too tough.(Maybe next time) Actually, the whole game is tough. But you only have a little achievability when you get through it. I want to love this game. This game have many interesting things: battle, artwork, soundtrack... But the process is a little bit... unenjoyable (for the novice):1: Get lost;2: If you dont use your boost VERY properly, you will die.3: Some times, Character cannot go where you want her to go accurately (jumping and climbing), and why she running so fast? That cause more falling;4: Falling constantly,5: Your life is limited in one stage. When they are all gone, you have to start over.6: As has mentioned above, your character may notmoving smoothlylike other parkour games.Yes, if you are sophisticated there wont be any problems.But the problem is people may not want to become a veteran when the process is not so enjoyable.Overall, this game is not good for the novice and clumsy hand."
,Not Recommended,262390,19866424,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jim,Needs more gradual difficulty slope.
76561198053551529,Recommended,262390,20618087,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GoobyTheCat,"Fun game, it has a great soundtrack, with lots of intruiging and unique levels. If you enjoy platformers and parkour, then this is for you."
,Recommended,262390,20539965,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,angelsegg216,"You might as well break your keyboard, flip off god and throw your monitor out the window right now, because you are not worthy. And it's not because the game is unfair; it's because you're just too measly a specimen. If you're one of those people who can rocketjump around an entire Quake level without ever touching the ground, you've finally found a game worthy of you. The rest of us can just put our heads between our knees and weep.I'm no Twitch gamer god or anything, but this is literally the only game I've never been able to beat due to sheer difficulty. Unfortunately, it's also enormously well done and pretty much the only thing of its kind in existence, so still I shamble back for yet another sound spanking. Welcome to the nightmare."
,Recommended,262390,20311682,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Draex,"First, let me start off with my opinion.Cloudbuilt is a brilliant game.Now that's out of the road, let's see why:The story itself is one that follows a hospitalised woman after an accident, and you complete parkour levels in order to progress the story. The way that you choose levels has many different 'branches' or choices about what level you want to play next. Each of these branches leads to an alternate ending in the story. This is an excellent way to integrate the 4 different alternate endings in a game focused around levels.The gameplay itself is really solid and fluid, allowing you to consistently move forward while on your toes due to the range of trap and enemy types. Oh yes, this game isnt a simple parkour game that you jump aorund in, there are actual enemies! (who'd a thunk?)So, to sum up:Pros:- Great immersive story that gets you attached to the main character.- SOLID gameplay that allows replayability and even a level editor for people to share their creations!- Unique enough to stand out from a lot of other games, including Mirror's Edge.- The main character is appropriately dressed, unlike many female protanogists.- Cell shading finally done right.Cons:- If playing the story simply for the story, you'll only get around 4 hours worth of game. However, there are many non-story focused levels that will add a considerable number of hours to this. (not including player-made levels on the workshop)- Controls can SOMETIMES be a tiny bit unresponsive, causing you to jump into a chasm.- You will fall/die, a lot."
,Recommended,262390,20428289,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DonNorris,Do you want.....a fast paced 3D platformer with empowering gameplay ?..to be thankful for a life system that gives you a reason to take a break fom serial failing ?..to be rewarded for thinking beyond the obvious path ?..to delight in the elation of hard earned success ?..gorgeous graphics and beautiful sound design ?..a touching narrative that enriches the systems instead of feeling out of place ?Yes ?Buy this game (and the DLC)
,Recommended,262390,20686710,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,rival,4/5 - glorious 3d platforming in the clouds (first impressions)
,Recommended,262390,21117151,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Syrsly,"Cloudbuilt has far too many frustrating technical issues to mention them all in this review, but I enjoyed the game, and I recommend it as long as you have patience and are capable of dealing with the technical flaws.  To mention a few of the flaws, I could say something about the funky control scheme or the fact that the menu doesn't seem to want to interact with my mouse at all, even though it states in-game that a mouse and keyboard are recommended.  I had to use my Xbox 360 controller to play this game.  I also had problems with the game minimizing for no reason, showing the desktop whenever I clicked on the right side edge of the level selection screen.  If you can avoid using the mouse, you should be OK with this game, but otherwise, you may be in for a rough ride.Okay, so the flaws aside, this is a beautiful and exciting game filled with fast-paced platform-jumping and relentlessly difficult enemy/obstacle placement. The game features a plethora of agile movement options, including dashing, wall-running, ledge-climbing, and mid-air jet-jumping (double jump).  It also allows for some third-person shooter mechanics, but the focus is primarily on the platforming.  Think Shadow The Hedgehog without the lame character and with more difficulty."
,Recommended,262390,10901272,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,zompist,"Subject to crashing.  Before startng the tutorial, go to options and turn off the pausing-during-tutorials checkbox.  That stopped the crashes for me."
76561198088840359,Recommended,262390,11096027,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,THICCRICC,"this game is not for me, its hard... REAL HARD.  Be warned, you will die a lot"
,Recommended,262390,10995564,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Hank Hill,"okay, so here's the deal. This game is really ♥♥♥♥in fun, really ♥♥♥♥in addictive, and really ♥♥♥♥ing hard. This game will kick pretty much everybodies♥♥♥♥♥when you first start, which is probably why they give you so many god damned lives for each level. It's a speedrunning precision platformer. It takes a while to get used to but when you do, expect to keep throwing yourself at levels until you finally beat them, and then play them again until you can start speedrunning them. It takes incredible reflexes and a quick mind to figure out the best possible path through the insane and interesting levels.First, use a keyboard and mouse. I tried using a gamepad, expecting it to be better suited, but this game requires the accuracy of a mouse.Second, you're expected to die over and over as you force your way through a level. Don't get frustrated when you die and be happy when you pass a level with a C ranking. B rankings on your first completion are rare but amazing. The A and the S ranks will require you to work for them.Third, take your time with each level. Don't try and speedrun it on your first playthrough of each level. Take your time and explore and as you get better you will begin picking up time on your plays.Good luck and have fun.I will add this. The last few levels on each path do everything I absolutely hate in game design. I find them flawed and artificialy difficult in a way that requires throwing yourself at a brick wall until you figure out the exact way that works down to a science. The common idea for well designed difficult games is tough but fair, where is this is simply a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to do. It requires muscle memory and route memorization and explotation rather than ease with mechanics, exceptional reflexes and skill. This is where it becomes clear that this game's audience is very specific. I find the level design of the last few levels almost game breakingly bad. I beat them but with a bitter taste in my mouth from the experience. Of course after beating them finally, the levels are rather♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, because you already went through hell to play them over and over. I do still recommend this game, however I find the ending levels to be regretful and beyond disappointing. Ultimately, I disagree with the ending design philosophy and ended up hating the experience, which is a shame because I love the majority of the game."
,Recommended,262390,10923236,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,A-Sure,Gotta go fast like Sanic :D
,Recommended,262390,10926059,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,uhawka,a hidden gem worth your time and money.
,Recommended,262390,10925256,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,chestermahooty,"I hesitate to give this a ""yes"", but a no seems a bit too harsh. It infuriates me in the wrong ways, but I do come back to it, so that says something. It's currently sitting on a 6/10 scale for me.I think the idea has promise, but there are a couple of issues. First among them is the controls. Speed runs back in the day were at the same time easier and more satisfying since you only had to handle a few buttons and deal with 2 dimensions, so controls were tight and precise. Cloudbuilt handels this fairly well in 3 dimensions after some practice, but there are still some things that just refuse to work. Or controls that are too twitchy and you fly off a cliff for nearly no reason.Another issue is there seems to be inconsistent distance from boost off ramps. One level I can't even get over an obstacle I know I've passed once before with a boost off a ramp and then a double boost jump, but it refuses to be executed. I also wonder, like others, why there is a limit on jetpacks. It makes some sense, conserve your fuel, improve your time. But it KILLS the flow of gameplay. If you want to limit how much you have for mid-air boosting or something, that's fine. But for wall runs and such, it seems unnecessary.Then there's the fact that controller support is stated, something I think could possibly alleviate some of the control issues, but it refuses to recognize my controller even though other games do. So while I find it somewhat entertaining, I'm not sure this game has the control chops to really make it work."
,Recommended,262390,10928582,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MS Paint,"Played the first mission:""Alright. this seems like a cool game...""Played the second mission when you get the gear:""OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH MYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD""THIS GAME MAKES MY JUNK, ROCK HARD."
,Recommended,262390,10691337,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jellysnips,Very hard but also fun.
,Recommended,262390,19347108,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jmit766,Very fast and fun. I love the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,262390,19445763,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Oimetra,"Really good replay value, challenging and entertaining, only bad thing is controls feel very awkward"
76561198009480477,Recommended,262390,24217415,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Verum,"The game does well in what you really want from a game in the end of the day: it's fun.  Looks nice, the controls are simple and flow well, decent amount of challenge, but not too much.  A fun casual platformer."
76561198067537582,Recommended,262390,24317838,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Koolvent,I enjoy many different kinds of games and play them to enjoy what makes them fun and different. Cloudbuilt is very unique and I enjoy all that makes it special. If you want a game that takes skill and practice to achieve the quickest time this could be your calling.
76561198060445418,Recommended,262390,24275165,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,jchaosmaster,This is a very good game. One fo those games that is meant to knock you down so you feel the need to get back up. The game follow's the thoughts of a young woman who has gone threw a tramatic event and is left in the hospital. The game play does well at showing the world as if it was a dream. They do this with great visual's and none linier story. As well to the levels should be played as if it was a dream. Take a chances to look around because often the most straight path can be the hardest. Where if you look around you might find a easier route.Along with intresting game play it come along with your own level builder letting you make your own stages and letting you play stages others have dreamed up. So that provides a extra content for those looking for a game that will last your more then 5 hours just doing the main story line.
,Recommended,262390,24306885,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lady Narnia,"One of the best experiences I have had in a game for a very long time. It's like the Sonic the Hedgehog we were waiting for all this time. The speed is super fast and intense. The graphics and scenery are gorgeous. The levels are very well built and streamlined with a small story to help make it a little more interesting. The controls are so fluid and easy to use and the game unleashes its full potential with what it can do on nearly every level. Fantastic game. I highly recommend this game for those looking for a hardcore, immersive speed experience!"
76561198108937963,Recommended,262390,24761292,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,YoshuaGremory,"what a beautiful game,great soundtrack, graphics, game mechanics, and story ( alltough i only played it for about 20 minutes)10/10"
76561198037916749,Recommended,262390,24544766,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,{0100Venetas1100},"This game is GORGEOUS!You/your son/daughter/nephew may find this game in your  Library, filled with 500 AAA Titles like Witcher 3, Dark Souls, Final Fantasy XXII VR, and i bet my butt, it will STILL look fing amazing!This fact alone is worth 20 bucks."
76561198094231333,Recommended,262390,20537444,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Vincent Blond,Cool action and platform game splitted into ruins to conquer.
,Recommended,262390,14891144,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pinhead,Innovative
,Recommended,262390,10550142,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,vanSulli,"A comparison to Mirror's Edge is inevitable; both have a mediocre plot and lots of parkour.  But Cloudbuilt really shines on its fast-paced perfectionist nature, 3rd person perspective, and cel-shaded graphics, reminiscent more of 2D platformers like Dustforce and Super Meat Boy than its obvious first-person counterpart.  Its a really hard game, but it kind of has to be, because its also pretty short."
76561198119152317,Recommended,262390,25026579,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Carlos Danger,"It's like mountain climbing parkour at super speed. The down side is there is a slight learning curve. Moving that fast, wall jumping, and running on walls without killing yourself takes a little practice."
,Recommended,262390,24992254,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Seena Neku,"How To Be Speedrunner , Thanks.I Give You One Nuke"
,Recommended,262390,26464837,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,shadowboof90,"I really am liking this game so far the artwork is really nice and it has a great soundtrack, if you would like to see this game in action i have created a video of a quickplay for my gaming channel on YouTube, you can watch it below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjOCTWAZReI"
,Recommended,262390,25831868,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,♡nispe♡send♡help♡desu♡,Probably good if you never use a controllerBought this for controller play but it might as well not have controller support. All the main buttons are on the left which is awkward on its own and if you do some levels before rebinding it's a nightmare relearning. You dash of walls 50% of the time instead of climbing like you want. Controller aiming your gun means getting a rank above B is a miracle because it's all time and shortcut based.
,Recommended,262390,26426874,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,|<4m1k4z3,good
,Recommended,262390,26367185,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Big T Boss,"overall, I love the gameplay; but the stretching on the sides of the screen during gameplay gives me headaches. I would definately say buy this when it is on sale though, as it reminds you of exactly why you liked the sonic adventure series."
76561198156146133,Recommended,262390,26468831,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TrisRX,Intense!  And lots of fun
,Recommended,262390,26518375,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Teegy,"love this game, like sonic meets mirrors edge"
,Recommended,262390,27765020,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moerderbringer,This is a great game with a great story.A must have for every speedrunner and gamer who likes fast games with good refelxes and fast mechanics.
,Recommended,262390,27600940,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crairos,I hate this fantastic ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥wonderful game so much.
,Recommended,262390,26679103,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,fumbles8,An extremely fast paced platformer. Challenging yet exciting.
76561198006574202,Recommended,262390,28016261,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GentleSnow,"Just awesome.  Thoughtful gameplay, yet blistering speed at points.  A lot of choice in your approach to levels, whether you just want to complete them as safely as possible, or go for a better speedrun score.  Cool artstyle and music, and a neat, instrospective desolate vibe.  Give it a look, might scratch an itch you didn't know you had."
76561198104913438,Recommended,262390,26513993,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MudkipLieksPeanuts,"I haven't had a ""wow this is a great game"" sorta feel in a long while.Git gud skrubsOh, get it while it's on sale."
76561198063920595,Recommended,262390,33230034,Posted: 4 July,all,Egres122,Really intense 3rd person parkour platforming. Pretty much describes the entire game. Not sure why they included enemies since the shooting is pretty bad. But overall this game really gets your blood rushing when you try to wall ride onto a platform then jump down to another platform in order to slide and power boost to the goal. Some of the times for the A ranks are way too high for me to ever hope achieving. Maybe someday.
76561198088365375,Recommended,262390,33211851,Posted: 3 July,all,ScreaminSkull,"If you enjoy parkour-style platform games then this is for you.My play time is way more than 2 hours (mostly played offline). The game is fun and constantly challenging. Great atmosphere with a similar comic / graphic novel style seen in games such as Borderlands.There is a small but quick learning curve with the controls and special abilities. Levels are cleverly designed and can seem daunting or impossible at first, but offer great satisfaction once completed.Cut scenes could be shorter.Overall: 9/10GET THIS GAME!"
76561197994550027,Recommended,262390,30067128,Posted: 20 February,all,Yael,"A great scifi parcour game. The sense of speed is quite intense, and the difficulty challenging but fair.Some levels are hard to finish, but getting a good rating is what is really hard. I have yet to see any rating better than C."
,Recommended,262390,33100484,Posted: 1 July,all,LZCleric,"Buckle up 'cuz you're in for a hard ride.Boost, jump, wallrun, die, repeat until you master the movement.the cons are the gunplay that doesn't feels right for this type of gameplay and the short lenght of the game, on the other hand the game has really good replay value.BTW this game gave me Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and I don't regret it in the slightest."
,Recommended,262390,33509472,Posted: 13 July,all,SydRic,"The gameplay of this game is GREAT, and the art in the render style is amazing.  I really wish more developers would stop using photorealistic settings all the time and try developing art around gameplay.I really like how the more I play this game the faster I get at reacting to new scenarios even if it's just by the hair on my chin :P"
76561198046311355,Recommended,262390,24983483,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Khronikos,"This is a marvelous 3D take on the Megaman style platformer, similar to Deadcore with a few elements of Mirror's Edge thrown in. Where the Blue Bomber never really transitioned to 3D with much success, these games take the helm and basically open it up for another generation. Yeah, completely different aesthetics and artstyle, but the core remains very similar, just in a wild imaginative artstyle in three dimensions. Deadcore is definitely the closest comparison. Both are excellent games deserving of your cash.The crazy thing is both games slipped under my radar for a year or more. Hard to believe with how many games I own. The marketing for these smaller titles I hope gets a slight boost on Steam sales now and then. There is no question about it, if you like platformers and are not afraid of the 3D transition, this game is excellence incarnate.The soundtrack is decent ambient, the voiceovers are okay to good, and the storyline is fairly vague but passable and interesting at times. 4K on ultra looks gorgeous with the cell-styled art here. Controllers are fully supported. I'm using a DS4 with Input Mapper and there are plenty of options to tune your aim and sensitivities.All in all a solid success. Wish more people knew about it."
